2015-03-10
Expedia takes Decolar.com stake as it deepens Latin America ties Expedia Inc said on Tuesday it will take a minority stake in Latin American online travel company Decolar.com Inc, expanding its exposure in the region.

Expedia has invested $270 million for a stake of under 20 percent of Decolar and has broadened the hotel listings the companies have shared since 2002, Expedia's Chief Financial Officer Mark Okerstrom told investors at a Piper Jaffray & Co conference.

The deal marks the latest expansion of Expedia, the world's second-largest online travel company by bookings after the Priceline Group Inc.

Driving industry consolidation, Expedia in January purchased Travelocity for $280 million and in February announced plans to acquire Orbitz Worldwide Inc for more than $1.3 billion.

"Our strategy is very clearly to own and empower the best travel brands that exist in the world," Okerstrom said. Expedia is excited "to develop (its) relationship over time" with Decolar, he added.

Shares of Expedia were down about 0.9 percent in afternoon trading.

S&P Capital IQ analyst Tuna Amobi said the deal appears structured in such a way that Expedia could potentially increase its investment in Decolar to a controlling stake.

"It's a playbook that we've seen before," Amobi said in an email.

Expedia announced a marketing agreement with Travelocity in 2013 prior to its acquisition of that travel agency.

While Expedia's Chinese brand eLong is facing heated competition, Okerstrom said its new investment in Latin America was very different.

Decolar "is really the number one player. They have been around for a long time and have built a very solid position in Brazil and in Argentina," he said during the conference. "It's very different from China. You certainly don't have the big Internet giants in playing with their pawns."

Amobi said an emerging middle class in Latin America presents an opportunity for the online travel industry.

Expedia hopes to grow its business abroad to the point that the U.S. market drops to between 30 percent and 40 percent of Expedia's business, down from about 50 percent currently, Okerstrom said.

(Reporting By Jeffrey Dastin in New York; Editing by Alan Crosby) How Google Uses Yoga, Meditation to Increase Productivity Wells Fargo CFO Says Scandal Costs Will Abate This Year

37:47 - Wells Fargo CFO John Shrewsberry discusses the company's first-quarter earnings and the fallout from the bank's fake-account scandal. He speaks with Bloomberg's Julie Hyman, Joe Weisenthal and Abigail Doolittle on "What'd You Miss?" (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-06-01
Why Google's Android Pay Isn't Really About Payments At All Google wants to use Android Pay as a way to get more consumers to buy more Android phones.

Google's Android Pay threw its hat into the mobile payments ring as the  other  operating systems-based payments scheme to launch in less than a year.

To no one s great surprise, we added another  Pay  player to payments last week.

To no one s great surprise, we added another  Pay  player to payments last week.

Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android Pay threw its hat into the mobile payments ring as the  other  operating systems-based payments scheme to launch in less than a year. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Pay, as is old news by now, was first out of the gate with the launch of its iOS-based payments scheme in September 2014.

Many pundits have characterized Android Pay as a  copy/paste  version of Apple Pay and, as such, have already crowned it the  other  dominant mobile payments scheme. And like they did when Apple Pay launched, many have inferred that it s pretty much curtains for anyone else with ambitions to compete for market share in the mobile payments ecosystem.

Apple Pay is for stuff that is bought by people who own iPhones. Android Pay is for stuff bought by people who own devices that run Android. Done and done.

It s easy to see why that s the conventional wisdom going into June 2015.

Like Apple Pay, Android Pay went to market arm-in-arm with the existing payments ecosystem. All of the major card brands are supporting it, along with a handful of issuers. (Though not nearly the stampede that we saw when Apple Pay launched.)

And, like Apple Pay, it s embracing NFC technology and will work at all of the same merchants that accept Apple Pay today, and enable NFC going forward. That is some 700k retail locations (not merchants   there s a big difference). That 700k includes ~400k vending machines.

Android Pay also exposes an API that allows developers to enable it for in-app payment.

Google wants to use Android Pay as a way to get more consumers to buy more Android phones.

Tokenization is also at the heart of its security and digital identity strategy, perhaps allaying the fears on the part of merchants that Android Pay is all about scarfing up consumer data and using it against them later.

It has a cute little icon of the green Android guy on the pay button to signal acceptance.

Which is where many of the comparisons end.

First, unlike Apple and Apple Pay, Android Pay is not really an  Android  play, it is a Google Android Play, and the two aren t the same.

Google, of course, has been regarded as the unofficial godfather of Android since it acquired it in 2005, but Android is an open source software platform that can be licensed, and modified out the wazoo, by anyone who wants to use it.

Which means that it has a huge fragmentation problem staring it right in the face   a huge obstacle when trying to replicate an Apple-like strategy.

At its launch, Google announced that Android Pay would be supported on devices running KitKat and higher. That s roughly 44 percent of Android enabled devices, and none of those that operate a forked version of Android, like the Amazon Fire phone, for instance or Samsung s Tizen.

That means that despite Android having a humongous share of the operating system market worldwide, its potential Android Pay customer funnel is reduced by the number of consumers with handsets that have both NFC capabilities and that are running a current version of Android. By comparison, more than 80 percent of iPhones have upgraded to its most recent operating system, iOS8.

Here s why that matters   with a little back of the envelope math for the U.S. which is where it s launching.

In the U.S., as of March 2015, comScore says that 187 million people own smartphones.

Android has a 52.4 percent of that market   so some 97 million phones run the Android operating system.

That actually beats Apple by a whole lot   like 17 million.

But only 44 percent of those handsets run a version of KitKat and higher. Less than 5 percent run Lollipop, its most current version.

That reduces the number of phones with KitKat or higher to roughly 42 million phones.

A rough guesstimate of how many of those 42 million are NFC enabled   and therefore ready to rock it with Android Pay   is 6 million. (In 2013, 18 percent of all handsets shipped were NFC enabled   and 80 percent of those were Android. So, 18 percent of 42 million and then 80 percent of that number is 6 million.)

Compare that to Apple and its iPhone 6/6 Plus.

Kantar s latest reports say that 18 percent of the 80 million iPhones in the U.S. are 6 s   that s 14.4 million phones ready and able to enable Apple Pay. That doesn t translate to Apple Pay usage, we estimate the number of active users to be ~600k   but simply estimates the size of the addressable market for Apple Pay.

That means that out of the gate, Google Android Pay has about half (57 percent) of the addressable market that Apple Pay has.

Now, combine that with Android s big spending power problem.

According to Pew s latest study of smartphone demographics- which was done before the iPhone 6 was released   and before all of the stats about Apple s ability to attract  switchers  were too   the differences were stark.

31 percent of adults earning more than $75k owned a phone running an Android operating system, compared to 40 percent with Apple phones;

28 percent of adults earning under $30k own Android phones, compared to 18 percent with Apple phones;

29 percent of Android users are college educated, compared with 38 percent of Apple phone owners;

All of which suggests strongly that the commerce advantage goes to Apple.

Not only are there more Apple users in the upper income categories but more of them are concentrated in their peak spending years. In fact, we estimated a year or so ago, that roughly 66 percent of retail spend in the U.S. is driven by those who own iPhones.

This suggests that on the basis of Android Pay alone, Google will have great difficulty persuading merchants that Android Pay will drive a ton of incremental volume for them. It s no wonder they decided to embrace a carbon copy of the Apple Pay model   they get to ride the draft of whatever momentum the networks and issuers create for Apple.

Then there s the whole issue of getting Android Pay into the hands of consumers in the first place.

Apple is a closed ecosystem. It controls what goes on its handset   emphasis on the word handset. The only models for sale now are the 6 and 6 Plus and Apple controls everything that goes onto them. The mobile operators don t have any say. It s why when consumers buy Apple devices they re not all junked up with icon after icon of mobile operator dictated apps.

Now, I know what you re saying: Google spent $55 million to buy the Softcard licenses that will give them the right to push an Android Pay icon onto every handset. Yes they get the right to do that. But that doesn t mean that consumers will use it   they didn t when it was Softcard. Or that will be free. Android Pay still has to negotiate separate deals with each of the handset manufacturers   and that s just here in the U.S. When Android Pay wants to move to Canada, the U.K., Europe, it will have to negotiate deals with all of those carriers too.

Apple doesn t have to do diddlysquat.

Meanwhile, in Europe, the European Commission and a lot of countries seem to have it in for Google, which has been under antitrust investigations for years. Google and China parted ways many years ago when Google decided it wasn t going to put up with all the censorship nonsense.

Taking Android Pay global will be interesting to watch.

Speaking of the Android Pay business model, the operators, I m sure, will want a piece of the action. It s what they ve always wanted from payments going mobile. But unlike Apple Pay, my guess is that the flow of revenue around the Android Pay ecosystem is more likely going away from Android Pay   rather than to it   to get it off the ground. Android Pay just doesn t come to market with the same swagger and brand cachet as Apple Pay did.

But that s probably not all that important to Google. They have gobs of money to pour into Android Pay. My guess is that, like Apple Pay, Android Pay isn t really about monetizing payments, per se, but using it as a way to gain another advantage that drives revenue for them. Apple Pay s  something else  is about getting consumers to buy handsets   hardware sales account for 75 percent of Apple s revenue. When analysts publish estimates of Apple generating a billion dollars from Apple Pay in a few years, that s not even a rounding error for them. It s a freckle on a pimple for a company with $174 billion in cash just sitting around waiting to be spent.

Android Pay s something else? Well, it s not clear that there is one.

Android Pay may be one of many building blocks Google needs to overcome the impact of mobile and Apple on its main source of revenue.

Eighty percent of Google s revenue is via search-based advertising, a fact well known to Google.

 More Google searches take place on mobile devices than on computers in 10 countries including the U.S. and Japan,  Google posted last week on its blog which also touted the  tremendous opportunity for marketers to reach people  that these new  touchpoints on the consumer s path to purchase  represent.

That trend has had a tremendous impact on how Google makes its money.

A New York Times article last week extracted data from a Goldman Sachs report on Google s search revenue challenges. In it, it was reported that this year   2015   Google s ad revenue will be split 58/23 desktop to mobile. In 2016, that s expected to adjust further to 54/27. It isn t hard to imagine that by 2020, those numbers will not only flip as  mobile  expands to become wearables, cars and a collection of other connected devices that consumers own and use but change entirely as search becomes less about using search engines and more about consumers using apps to find the things they want to buy.

That detail suddenly becomes pretty important since mobile ad revenue, on a good day, clocks in at a lot less than desktop revenues. More mobile search means less search revenue even if volume is increasing. All you have to do is review Google s last couple of years of earnings reports to see the impact that it s already having on its revenue.

But there s a larger and related threat facing Google.

Today, 51 percent of product searches no longer start via a search engine at all, but a site where consumers can find what they want and buy it in one stop. Sites like Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Walmart.com (NYSE:WMT) and shopping apps like Wish and Lyst and Net-a-Porter and Spring all make it possible for consumers to dive into apps that curate what they like to buy and have purchased and make it efficient for them to do more of the same.

New entrants like Messenger for Business are also experimenting with the notion of retail inside of messaging. Wanna know what Google Play s No. 1 free app is by usage? Messenger. The bottom line is that as more consumers are given more opportunities to default to apps that eliminate the friction from the commerce experience, the more at risk Google becomes to losing its search ad revenue cash cow.

Then there s this.

Approximately 75 percent of Google s mobile search revenue is the result of people using iPhones and iPads to find things on their path to purchase. A search initiated via Safari is actually powered by Google.

Having one of your biggest partners also be your biggest archrival down the road in Cupertino can t make anyone at the GOOG feel happy pappy or very secure.

Now, the Apple Maps fiasco taught Apple a valuable lesson about what happens when you decide to move consumers to an inferior experience just because you want to control everything they do on your platform. You can only do that if you have a really outstanding alternative ready to offer them.

Which is why Safari s search default is Google  unless or until Apple redefines search in a way that minimizes a user s need to use Google for search or replaces it altogether.

Google s decision to buy Android in 2005, and invest in it, has given it a ton of distribution, but not as much control as Apple has over how developers use it, how consumers experience it and how Google could make money from it.

Nothing that was all that important when desktops ruled the world and mobile, never mind online, was an asterisk when retail sales were reported.

And Apple was just getting off the ground.

A decade later, Google now has to pull out all of the stops so that more and higher spending consumers become more sticky to its mobile operating-based ecosystem.

Something that s less about payments and Android Pay, and more about what to do when your biggest competitor also happens to drive the bulk of the revenue coming from the devices that are changing everything about commerce.

Because, payments after all, isn t something that even their biggest and arguably better positioned competitor is finding all that easy to pull off either. Microsoft says Windows 10 available on July 29 SEATTLE Microsoft Corp said on Monday its new Windows 10 operating system will be available worldwide on July 29, as a free upgrade for users of the most recent versions of Windows.

The world's largest software company had earlier said Windows 10 would be released this "summer".

Touch-friendly Windows 10, which features the return of the Start menu and will run across PCs, tablets and smartphones, is Microsoft's latest attempt to win over mobile users and features a new browser called 'Edge'.

It will be offered as a free upgrade to users of Windows 7 and 8.1, a strategy announced in January, designed to capture as many users as possible.

Microsoft also said new PCs and tablets running Windows 10 will go on sale July 29, while Windows 10 for other devices such as smartphones would be available later this year.

(Reporting by Bill Rigby; editing by Jason Neely) Apple Inc's Augmented Reality Plan Starts Coming Together Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently acquired Metaio, a German software company specializing in augmented reality technology, for an undisclosed sum. Metaio's technology powers a wide range of popular AR applications, including Audi's digital owner's manual, which identifies parts of the car with a smartphone camera, and IKEA's virtual catalog, which projects furniture into a user's living room.

On its own, the Metaio acquisition doesn't seem essential to Apple, which generates most of its revenue from hardware sales of iPhones, iPads, and Macs. But when we combine Metaio's tech with Apple's other recent acquisitions, its plan for expanding into the AR market starts to make sense.

A $30 billion market opportunity

Research firm Digi-Capital recently forecast that the augmented reality market could generate $120 billion in cumulative revenues by 2020, up from nearly nothing today. That growth is expected to be driven by sales of AR hardware, like Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) HoloLens, VoIP applications like Skype, next-gen video games, immersive films, e-commerce applications, and ads.

Apple already holds a wide range of AR-related patents, including transparent displays, iPhone-powered virtual displays, and mapping solutions. Back in 2013, Apple acquired PrimeSense, the maker of Microsoft's first-generation Kinect motion sensor. Earlier this year, Apple acquired high-accuracy GPS firm Coherent Navigation, presumably to improve the accuracy of Apple Maps. In March, Piper Jaffray reported that Apple had assembled a special team to research and develop AR hardware.

Combining depth sensing technology, accurate GPS technology, and transparent displays indicates that Apple could be following Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Glass and HoloLens into the AR headset space. If "Apple Glass" can succeed where Google Glass failed, developers who are already making AR apps on iOS might flock to the platform.

It's also about Apple Maps

A pair of Apple AR glasses would be an interesting way to complement the iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, but Apple's expansion into the AR market is also about keeping Google out of its backyard.

Google is expanding its reach into iOS with ecosystem apps like YouTube, Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Now. Tying iOS users to those apps makes them more dependent on Google services, which could cause them to eventually switch over to Android smartphones and tablets. In response, Apple replaced Google Maps with Apple Maps, dumped Google for Microsoft Bing in default Siri and Spotlight searches, and could possibly do the same with Safari later this year.

Comscore estimates that 25% of all U.S. smartphone users use Apple Maps, compared to 47% who use Google Maps. Based on Apple's U.S. market share of 43% in March, we can estimate that about 58% of U.S. iPhone users use Apple Maps. To boost that percentage, Apple is trying hard to match Google Map's features. That's the reason it acquired smaller mapping firms like Placebase, Locationary, and Hopstop, and why its vans are currently collecting data for 3D maps.

Why AR matters for maps

In the past, Google Glass, Nokia's (NYSE:NOK) HERE City Lens, Layar Reality Browser, and other apps demonstrated how useful AR can be by putting digital overlays over real world objects. These apps, however, can be slow and unreliable if a GPS signal isn't strong enough.

That's where Apple's recent acquisitions come into play. Coherent's GPS technology, which tracks users more accurately than consumer-grade GPS, can reportedly find a user within a few seconds, compared to up to 40 seconds for a traditional GPS. Combining that tech with Metaio's AR overlays could reduce lag when looking up directions, and promptly deliver AR information on surrounding buildings and transportation systems.

When we combine Coherent and Metaio's technologies with PrimeSense's depth and motion-sensing sensors, we see major potential applications for cars. With a heads-up AR display on the windshield, a driver could instantly see a digital overlay of information on roads and buildings. Motion sensors synchronized to a crash avoidance system could reduce accidents. All those features could enhance Apple CarPlay, its iOS mirroring solution for dashboards, and establish the software foundations for its long-rumored autonomous vehicle.

Taking the long view

Apple's investments in AR aren't aimed at generating revenue in the near term. Instead, they could give birth to new hardware products, enhance the iOS ecosystem, and defend its turf against Google. Therefore, investors should keep an eye on these recent acquisitions and the evolution of Apple Maps to understand how Apple's plans for the AR market will eventually come together. Opera Software ASA and Google sign agreement  
2015-10-28
Eric Schmidt, Executive Chairman of Alphabet, To Speak At TechCrunch China Beijing We re excited to announce that Eric Schmidt, Executive Chairman of Alphabet (formerly Google), will open the TechCrunch China event in Beijing, which takes place November 2-3 at the Wukesong Hi-Park in Beijing.

As one of the highest-profile executives in the technology space, Schmidt needs little introduction. He first joined Google in 2001 and served as CEO for a decade, during which time it grew from a startup into a tech giant. Beyond his involvement with Alphabet, Schmidt runs extensive philanthropic efforts, he s written two New York Times bestselling books and is a member of the U.S. President s Council of Advisors on Science.

Sarah Lane, TechCrunch s Executive Producer of Video, will interview Schmidt on the opening day of the event. Google just made a major invest in Chinese natural language firm Mobvoi, the CEO of which is also speaking at the event, and there s been speculation about its future plans for China, so there s plenty to discuss.

(Exciting side note: Sarah and her team will file the daily Crunch Report and other video dispatches from China during the first week of November.)

Beyond Schmidt, the schedule for the Beijing event   which is the second event of the year run with our Chinese partner Technode   is packed full of top-notch entrepreneurs, sought-after investors, and other notable tech figures.

You can look through the agenda in full here, but it includes representatives from Twitter, Ninebot, Yota Devices, Y Combinator, Oculus, HTC, Mobvoi, Wandoujia, Rovio and Intel-backed drone company YUNEEC, to name but a few. On the investor side, representatives from GGV, Sequoia, ChinaGrowth Capital are among those taking part in panel discussions and interviews on stage. There will also be a chance to connect with more than 100 VCs   and get a 10 minute pitch   at our Meet-A-VC side event.

In addition to the speaker and panel session line-up, there will be an exhibition hall where more than 150 startups   across fintech, education, enterprise, smart home, VR and other verticals   will show off their products and technology.

Startups are a major focus of our events, and more than 300 teams applied for the startup competition at TechCrunch China Beijing. We ve whittled that list down to the final 15, each of which will demo their product at the event. The final five contestants will be selected to pitch on the main stage on the second day of the show, aside from the main prize   each finalist is eligible for a  1 million ($160,000) convertible loan from VC firm Gobi Ventures.

No TechCrunch event is complete without a hackthon, of course, and we re excited to see the projects that emerge from the hackathon in Beijing. Ubuntu, Peugeot, Unilver, Getuit.com, and AWS are among the partners lending resources to help those participating get their hack on. At the end of the hackathon, each team will get a three-minute slot in which to wow the judges in the hopes of landing the top prize, which includes a spot at the event show floor,  20,000 (around $3,000) in cash, and host of free services.

We re expecting 8,000 attendees   don t miss your chance to be among them, get your ticket here.

See you in Beijing!

Featured Image: TechCrunch/Flickr Alphabet's Project Loon to Test Internet Balloons With Indonesian Telcos One of Alphabet Inc. s wilder bets is coming to earth in Indonesia next year.

Project Loon, an effort to beam Internet access from balloons in the stratosphere, plans a test with Indonesia s three largest wireless carriers in 2016, project chief Mike Cassidy said Wednesday. Alphabet was formerly known as Google.

Loon is targeting Indonesia because it is the world s fourth-most-populous country, with more than 250 million... Google Fiber Goes Out in Kansas City as World Series Starts Manager Terry Collins of the New York Mets and manager Ned Yost of the Kansas City Royals shake hands at home plate during player introductions prior to Game 1 of the 2015 World Series.

Alphabet Inc. s Internet and TV service Google Fiber went out in Kansas City as the opening game of baseball s championship series got going.

 Tonight, some Google Fiber customers in Kansas City experienced a service outage,  a Google spokesperson said via e-mail.  We re working hard to make sure our customers can enjoy the rest of the World Series, and we ll provide more details as soon as we can. We apologize for this interruption on an important night. 

The Internet problems coincided with an interruption to Fox s TV broadcast which resulted in viewers missing part of one inning. Google Fiber service was later restored, customers reported on Twitter, while Fox addressed the outage after a temporary switch to different announcers

 We know it couldn t have happened at a worse time,  a verified, four-year-old Twitter account named  Google Fiber  wrote in a post on Tuesday night.

The best-of-seven World Series started Tuesday in Kansas City between the hometown Royals and the New York Mets.

Fox Outage

Google announced plans to start its own super-high-speed Internet network in 2010 and in 2011 picked Kansas City for the launch. It now operates in Austin, Texas, and Provo Utah, as well, with plans to expand into other cities including Atlanta, Nashville, and Salt Lake City.

The service has 27,000 video subscribers in the Kansas City region, according to U.S. Copyright Office data collected by MoffettNathanson.

Fox apologized to viewers for its outage, which it said was caused by an electronics failure than cut power to its primary and backup generators. The switch away from scheduled host Joe Buck prompted an outpouring on social media among viewers who find the announcer polarizing.

 No Joe Buck? This isn t bad after all,  wrote SportBlogNYC, in a post to Twitter. Pandora Media Inc. Crashes 45%: Buying Opportunity or Time to Run? Shares of Pandora Media (NYSE:P) are down by a staggering 45% from their highs of the last year, mostly because of investors' concerns about growing competitive pressure from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). However, stock prices tend to overreact to negative news in the short term, and Pandora is still reporting vigorous sales growth. Is the recent decline in Pandora stock a buying opportunity for investors?

The reasons behind the decline

Apple is one of the most powerful players in the consumer-tech industry, It's arguably the most valuable brand in the world, and the company has access to practically unlimited financial resources to invest in content and technology.

Apple CEO Tim Cook recently said Apple Music has over 15 million users, of which 6.5 million are paying subscribers. That means Apple is already the No. 2 industry player in subscription music streaming behind Spotify, which has 20 million paying subscribers, so Apple seems to be making big inroads in the industry at a rapid rate.

Adding to the concerns, Alphabet is launching YouTube Red, a new subscription service that offers ad-free access to YouTube's video library, including music videos and offline downloads. YouTube Red also includes access to Google Play Music and the new YouTube gaming service for $9.99 a month. While the service is just getting started, Alphabet is home to many of the most popular services and applications in the online world, so it's certainly not a competitive threat to overlook.

Success attracts the competition, and as global consumers are increasingly going online for their music, it's only natural to expect growing competitive pressure from different players trying to grab a piece of the streaming pie. The music-streaming business should provide enough room for companies such as Pandora, Apple, and Alphabet to successfully coexist and thrive over time. However, the fact remains that Pandora is facing rising competition from industry giants with much deeper pockets and enormously popular brands, and this is a crucial risk factor to keep in mind when analyzing a position in Pandora.

What the numbers are saying

Pandora makes most of its sales and earnings from advertising, not subscription fees. This is a big difference between Pandora and most other companies in music streaming, and it could be an advantage if Pandora can consolidate its market position among listeners who aren't willing to pay for streaming services.

Besides, the business is doing quite well from a financial point of view. Total revenue during the third quarter of 2015 came in at $311.6 million, a 30% year-over-year increase. Advertising income grew 31% to $254.7 million, while subscription fees increased 25% to $56.9 million.

Addressing the competitive situation in the earnings conference call, CEO Brian McAndrews provided an optimistic view of Pandora s ability to withstand the increasing pressure. In his own words:

Let me address these audience growth numbers directly. This was obviously a unique quarter in the streaming music business. The June 30, launch of Apple Music with its three-month free trial, as well as significant category spending and trial offers across multiple players, brought increased focus to the broader on-demand category during this period. As we discussed on our Q2 call, we expected some short-term impact to our audience growth as listeners tried this highly promoted new service. I am pleased to say that, given the scale of press and consumer attention on this launch, the impact on our active users and listening hours was muted and was, in fact, consistent with what we experienced during the launch of Apple's radio service in 2013.

However, while Pandora registered an increase in registered users and listener hours compared with the third quarter of 2014, both figures contracted in comparison with the second quarter this year.

Pandora had 78.1 million active listeners as of the end of the third quarter, a 2% year-over-year increase but a 1.6% sequential decline. Listening hours grew 3% versus the same quarter in 2014 and declined 3% compared with the second quarter of 2015. This sequential decline in key operating statistics is a valid concern and is perhaps the main reason Pandora stock has fallen from a cliff lately.

It will be hard for Pandora to continue delivering strong sales growth unless it can do better on the user front. Whether the recent slowdown is just temporary or a sign of permanent problems resulting from increased competition remains to be seen, but investing in Pandora is a risky proposition until the company proves that it has what it takes to continue growing in an increasingly challenging competitive landscape. 
2015-11-21
Facebook Inc. Is Crushing Google in Display Ads -- Should Alphabet Investors ... According to a recent report, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is killing Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google on the digital display-ad front. The social network's display revenue was up some 40% compared with the prior year, according to the report from IgnitionOne. The search giant's, meanwhile, slipped 19%.

That's a stark contrast, to say the least. IgnitionOne's release began: "Facebook Clobbers Google in Display Growth," and outlets covering the release continued the doomsday narrative.

But there's much more to the story. And Alphabet investors should find it more to their liking.

A number of trends are intertwining today

While IgnitionOne chose to highlight the digital-display ad war in its title, the report covers much broader ground. It examines year-over-year changes in digital ad spending for the third quarter, and many of those look good for Google, which we now also can see reflected in the search giant's quarterly numbers.

Paid search, a mature area of digital advertising and Google's bread and butter, was up 12% over last year. What's more, Ignition One's research found that both the click-through rate and the cost per click on ads were on the rise, "pointing to more expensive but efficient ads."

IgnitionOne chalked that situation up to "sophistication in mobile advertising" that may be driving overall spending increases.

Also a positive for Google, mobile search remains a particularly large area of ad spending growth, even if that growth is slowing. The report pegged year-over-year mobile search spending increases at 56%. That's down from last year's 64%, but still impressive.

OK, which one is Muhammad Ali?

Grabbing the spotlight in the report, however, was Facebook's fast rise and the online ad war that's getting hotter with each passing quarter.

"While Google still owns the majority of display spend, Facebook is quickly catching up," said Will Margiloff, CEO of IgnitionOne. "And with Facebook's debut of Atlas and Google's response of Custom Match, it's clear that these two heavyweight champs intend to keep going at each other in the ring like Ali and Frazier. It's only a matter of time before we find ourselves with another Thrilla in Manila on our hands   neither of these players is going down without a fight."

At first blush, the display-ad numbers look like an early knockdown, or at least a two-point round for Facebook. But that's not quite the case here.

Putting numbers into context

What the report doesn't mention is that display is a considerably smaller part of Google's ad business than search. In 2014, Google brought in more than $38.4 billion in search ads, according to eMarketer. That's nearly two-thirds of all its ad revenue globally.

Ads taken through Google's AdSense display network, meanwhile, made up about $14.5 billion, or 22%, of its overall revenue.

Revenue from its own websites -- largely fueled by search -- was also growing at a much faster pace (roughly 20%) over the past two years, compared with the display networks growth of 7% in 2014 and 6% the year prior.

We also need to keep in mind that the IgnitionOne report examined just one quarter, and looked at a smaller window of time -- three months rather than the trailing 12, for example -- lends itself to a potential skewing of results.

There's no question that Facebook is the faster-growing company of the two. Its year-over-year revenue came in 41% higher in the third quarter, nearly double Alphabet's 21%. But Alphabet is also a more mature company, having conquered search long ago and built up a leading position in video. Perhaps its most pressing challenge is to keep its numbers growing as it transitions from desktop search to the so-far-less-lucrative mobile search market.

Facebook, on the other hand, is still in its rocket-ship phase. It's now reaping the harvest of the mobile seeds planted years ago, and it's still figuring out how to monetize some of its most popular mobile products, such as Instagram, Messenger, and WhatsApp.

The bigger picture provides a better view

With a trailing-twelve-month PE of over 100, Facebook is also selling at a significant premium to Alphabet, so expectations will remain much higher, and any slip-ups will be punished much more severely.

A headline can be quite misleading. The IgnitionOne report carried good news for Facebook, but it had plenty for Google investors to like as well. The display number is one worth watching. But it's only one piece of Google's ample digital-ad business, and investors shouldn't make assumptions about the health of the overall business based on one number from a third-party report.

Google's latest quarter gave shareholders reason to remain confident in its direction, and the IgnitionOne report provides little reason to second-guess. How Should You Invest In Expensive Stocks? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is widely tipped to become the first $1 trillion stock in terms of market value as the world s most valuable company continues to lead the pack. However, the likes of Google, now Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) are not far off while the likes of Wells Fargo Company (NYSE:WFC) and Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) among others lag some distance behind.

A few years ago, (5-10) years, these stocks traded at significantly low prices based on the current valuations, but since then, most have broken the $100 mark, even after implementing a stock split. Three years ago, Apple broke the $700 mark and based on the current price of about $115 per share, the stock would be trading above $800 per share.

Currently, shares of Apple trade at $114, and yet that price appears to be relatively cheaper when compared to that of Google stocks, which stands at about $728 per share, and Amazon stock currently pegged at about $$647 per share.

In other words, you could easily buy six shares of Apple with the same amount required to buy one share of Google. You could also buy five shares of Apple with the amount used to acquire one share of Amazon.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

This implies that for an investor looking to invest in Google or Amazon, it would require them a lot of money to buy a handful of shares as compared to buying shares of Apple. Nonetheless, even the $114 required to buy a single share of Apple may not be as cheap as it seems. Some investors can barely afford to buy 10 shares of Apple at that price if they are to keep a balanced portfolio of 5-10 stocks.

As such, you would find investors going for stocks trading at lower prices because that way, they can manage to build up a small, but balanced portfolio. However, the high pricing of shares of these stocks does not necessarily mean that they are expensive from a valuation perspective.

For instance, both Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Microsoft trade at about $54 per share each, but yet when you look at the P/E multiples, they are relatively more expensive than their counterparts Apple and Google.

Netflix trades at a P/E ratio of 295x compared to Apple s P/E of just 12.4x and Google s multiple of about 33x. This makes the stock very expensive from a valuation perspective, but investors can buy more shares of the company than they would be able to afford when buying Google shares, give the same amount of money.

So how do you invest in these  expensive  stocks?

One of the best ways would be invest via CFDs. With CFDs (or Contracts for Differences) is an emerging way of investing in stock derivatives. Here, investors can buy 10x the number of shares they would buy via an exchange based broker given the same amount of money due to the use of margin. Most CFD brokers provide 10x-20x leverage on investor equity thereby enabling them to invest in more shares than they would be able to under normal circumstances.

Binary options have also emerged as a means to investing in stocks without necessarily needing a huge cash outlay especially for expensive stocks such as Google and Amazon.

In a recent conversation with OptionsClick analyst, Jason Collins, he told me that CFDs and binary options are proving to be viable ways in which investors with low capital can capitalize on opportunities presented by expensive stocks.

 When an investor joins us, we usually try to understand their investment profile so that we can advise them accordingly, and in doing so, we have learned that most of them use binary options as a way of diversifying their portfolio. With instruments such as binary options and CFDs they are able to invest in more stocks including the most expensive ones while maintaining a balanced portfolio , he said.

However, just like it is the case of several money making opportunities out there, there are various risks associated with investment in these instruments, and one of the most common risks is the possibility of falling in the hands of scammers.

The best way to avoid such scenarios is to do background checks on the broker before depositing your money and one of the steps that an investor can take is by reading various reviews about the broker. Take an example of Finpari, which is another binary options broker.

If you want to know how genuine they are you can simply Google the name against a phrase including the word scam, and you could land in a page such as Finpari Scam Review, where you can learn more about the broker.

There are other things that you can do such as verifying regulation status and monitoring the broker s social pages to see what current and former clients are posting about the broker.

Now, while these instruments offer ideal options for investors to invest in expensive stocks, it is important to note that investing in CFDs is prohibited in the US, and while binary options can be traded in the country via a few brokers, this excludes stocks.

Final Word

Investing in shares is one of the best ways of taking advantage of the volatile nature of stock markets, but as illustrated in this write-up, some stocks can be very expensive thereby requiring huge cash outlay in order to afford a handful of stocks. There are a couple of ways of going around such situation, but yet again US investors are not so lucky in that respect.

However, a stock that requires huge cash outlay does not necessarily qualify as expensive from a valuation perspective, and good example in that respect is Apple versus Netflix. There are also other parameters to consider that can sometimes push the price of a stock high, and along with the P/E multiple.

For instance, Netflix s growth potential is high. The company has been reinvesting in the business with a bid to dominating the video streaming market in the US and across the world. The same case can be made when analyzing Amazon and this is what investors have been betting on. They believe that these two companies are investing in the future and that their cash commitments now will bare fruits down the road.

The bottom line is that given the long term prospects, some investors might want to make the most of the short term movement by investing via alternative instruments such as CFDs and binary options, while still maintaining a long term stake in the companies. 
2015-06-02
Apple Inc.'s CarPlay vs. Google Inc.'s Android Auto: The Business of Connected ... Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) have battled each other in the mobile market for years. However, that battle is now moving beyond smartphones and tablets into a new market: connected cars. Between 2014 and 2020, IHS Automotive estimates that the total number of connected vehicles worldwide will rise from 23 million to 152 million.

Apple CarPlay and Android Auto both "mirror" mobile devices with an optimized view on a car's dashboard. CarPlay lets drivers use iOS features like voice calls, music control, iMessage, Apple Maps, and Siri. Android Auto offers similar features with apps like Google Maps, Google Play Music, and Google Search. Both platforms support third-party apps like Spotify, iHeartRadio, and TuneIn. However, mobile apps which aren't approved for in-car use are locked out from the dashboard.

Apple released CarPlay last March, while Google launched Android Auto a year later. Thanks to that head start, Apple currently enjoys a minor lead over Google among auto manufacturers, according to IHS. IHS estimates that Android Auto will overtake CarPlay next year and maintain a slight lead into 2020, but many cars will be compatible with both platforms.

Connected cars 101

There's a lot of confusion about what CarPlay and Android Auto actually do. Neither platform is actually an "operating system" for cars.

Cars already have embedded operating systems of their own. BlackBerry's (NASDAQ:BBRY) QNX controls 50% to 70% of this market, while most other cars run Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows Embedded. Automakers then develop their own dashboard software to access QNX or Windows Embedded's functions. CarPlay and Android Auto simply mirror smartphone functions on top of that dashboard software.

But to complicate things further, there are overlapping communication standards for mirroring mobile displays on QNX or Windows-powered dashboards.

Google established the Open Automotive Alliance (OAA) for Android devices. while Apple made CarPlay exclusive to iOS devices. Microsoft -- which controls less than 3% of the global smartphone market -- backs MirrorLink, a universal mirroring standard for Android, iOS, Windows Phone, and other mobile devices. MirrorLink supporters belong to the Car Connectivity Consortium (CCC). Since it would be foolish to simply support just one communication standard and alienate certain smartphone users, many automakers support all three.

Growing ecosystems, not revenues

Investors should understand that CarPlay and Android Auto aren't intended to be big sources of revenue growth on their own. Instead, both platforms can strengthen Apple and Google's businesses in different ways.

Apple has been wary of the growth of Google's ecosystem on iOS. Google Now, Google Maps, and Drive now respectively challenge Siri, Apple Maps, and iCloud across its devices. To make matters worse, iOS users tethered to Google's ecosystem generate search and ad revenues for Google, and they might eventually switch over to Android devices.

That's why Apple replaced Google Maps with Apple Maps, dropped Google for Bing in default Spotlight and Siri searches, and could do the same with Safari later this year. However, over half of U.S. iPhone users still use Google Maps, according to Comscore estimates. To reduce user dependence on Google Maps, Apple beefed up Apple Maps by buying smaller mapping firms like Placebase, Locationary, Hopstop, and Coherent Navigation. It's also scanning streets to collect data for 3D maps. But most importantly, Apple locks Google Maps and Search out of CarPlay, which forces drivers with iPhones to rely on Apple Maps and Siri instead.

For Google, Android Auto is a way to gather more data on users' travel habits by replacing traditional in-dash GPS software. The more data Google collects, the more effective its targeted ads will be. Like Apple, Google has been enhancing its Maps through acquisitions of mapping and satellite firms like Waze and Skybox.

Stepping stones toward the future

In addition to being extensions of their mobile ecosystems, CarPlay and Android Auto can also be considered stepping stones toward autonomous vehicles.

By fusing mobile devices to cars, Apple and Google are setting up the foundations for autonomous vehicles to eventually operate upon. Google already demonstrated this with its prototype driverless cars last year, which can be summoned and directed with a smartphone app. Since many leading automakers believe that driverless cars will hit the road by 2020, CarPlay and Android Auto could be the first steps toward a future where your smartphone does the driving for you. HP CEO says split effective from November 1 The Hewlett-Packard (HP) logo is seen as part of a display at the Microsoft Ignite technology conference in Chicago, Illinois, May 4, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young

Hewlett-Packard Co Chief Executive Meg Whitman said the separation of HP Inc and Hewlett-Packard Enterprise would be effective on Nov. 1.

Whitman made the announcement during the company's technology event, HP Discover 2015, in Las Vegas on Tuesday.

The world's No. 2 personal computer maker said in October it would split into two listed companies, separating its computer and printer businesses from its faster-growing corporate hardware and services operations.

(Reporting By Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) Mobile apps turn bedroom traders into star professionals (Corrects May 29 item to clarify firms' relationship with AlphaClone)

By Atul Prakash

LONDON When Noa Strijbos picks a financial asset to trade on her smartphone while taking her dog for a walk, almost 26,000 people pay close attention.

The 30-year-old Dutchwoman is among the top-ranked traders on eToro.com, one of several mobile apps and websites that allow budding investors to copy the most successful trades out there rather than come up with their own.

About 25,900 people follow her profile on eToro, which has 4.5 million members overall, while nearly 5,000 have signed up to become her "copiers"   essentially creating a giant investment club - routing funds directly in the hope of profiting automatically from her trades.

Like any investment, this phenomenon has its risks and the stars of the apps can also lead people into losses, however good their records may appear.

Regulators are cracking down on the murkier parts of tech-driven trading, and recently a trader from the London suburbs has been accused of helping to trigger the 2010 "flash crash" on the U.S. stock market. The trader says he did nothing wrong.

Still, the story of Strijbos shows how the spread of smartphones has revolutionised trading for those who believe more in the wisdom of their peers than of fund managers who charge heavy fees. This trend should also open up investment decisions to the public, rather than keeping them hidden.

eToro members can see each investment decision that Strijbos makes using the site.

"Every bit of trading I do is online," said Strijbos, who pocketed nearly 600 percent profits last year. "The Internet has helped me in transforming myself into becoming a professional trader from an amateur observer in a few years."

Online copy trading is growing fast but remains a niche in the overall retail trading market which, according to research and advisory firm Aite, is worth $2.8 trillion in the United States - with close to a quarter of U.S. adults who have Internet access trading online. Some industry estimates put the volume of retail trading in Britain at about $700 million a day.

Online trading and information providers including Zulu Trade, Ayondo, Tradency and FxPro's Super Trader have popularised concepts such as "copy trading", all having a basic idea that investors can profit from the apparent wisdom and talent of others.

Sites typically highlight their most successful members whose strategies others would want to copy. Less prominent are the members who have failed badly, possibly leading others astray.

On the eToro network, investors can search and select other traders by assets, countries or performance etc., while another website gurufocus.com offers people the option to choose trading strategies of famous and successful fund managers.

Even the professional asset-management industry is starting to take copycat trading strategies seriously, at a time when active fund managers face competition from passive exchange-traded funds that track market indexes for lower fees.

One top European wealth management firm recently back-tested the investment strategies of star investors such as Warren Buffett, with a view to possibly incorporating them into their investments.

"The (copycat) strategy often works," said a source familiar with the study.

MULTIPLIER EFFECT

Market professionals naturally warn of the risks, with some saying amateurs copying trades of other novice players were prone to heavy losses because of the volatile nature of the markets. A bad decision by a top-ranked trader could have a multiplier effect on followers and spread losses far and wide.

"In some ways these tools help in democratising market access, but equally there are inherent dangers in people trading underlying securities which they don t really understand," Peter Dixon, equity strategist at Commerzbank, said.

"People may get sucked into these kinds of trades and get their fingers badly burnt."

However, top officials of many trading sites said they had safeguards in place. AlphaClone's chief executive Mazin Jadallah said it employed a hedging mechanism that is automatically triggered when an index falls below some technical levels, while eToro's founder and CEO Yoni Assia said it asks investors to specify in advance the percentage of losses they could bear.

The relatively new trading apps and websites have grown rapidly. AlphaClone, which runs an exchange-traded fund (ETF) and also enables investors to invest in strategies derived from the holdings of top managers, has expanded five fold in the past 15 months.

Thomson Reuters data based on the filing date of March 31 shows those who had held shares in the ETF included JP Morgan Securities, Constellation Wealth, Raymond James and RBC.

Modern technology is increasingly being used to create new products for both novice and experienced investors.

John Fawcett, founder and chief executive of Quantopian.com - which provides a platform to build, back-test against live or 13 years of data and execute algorithms - said its users included a defence contractor, a hedge fund executive and a telecom engineer.

Careers as professional quantitative analysts, who use mathematics and statistics to come up with trading strategies, may even beckon. "We've even seen an industry outsider score a job as a 'quant' at a top hedge fund with his Quantopian track record," said Fawcett.

(Editing by Lionel Laurent and David Stamp) Vimeo introduces monthly subscription service Online video platform Vimeo introduced a subscription service on Tuesday that allows creators to charge on a monthly basis.

Currently, video makers can sell their material a la carte or through rentals on Vimeo.

"Both the supply and demand side for premium paid video is totally proven," said Kerry Trainor, chief executive of Vimeo.

He compared Vimeo to pay-TV channel HBO, which is supported by subscriptions. Vimeo competes with Google's YouTube, which derives its revenue from advertising in a similar way to broadcast television.

Vimeo has over 600,000 paying subscribers for its tools business that allows film makers and others access to more storage and customization features.

The new subscription service will allow content owners to charge at least 99 cents with no ceiling. Vimeo will take a 10 percent cut.

IAC/Interactive Corp, which owns Vimeo, does not provide a breakdown of the video platform's revenue.

In 2013, Reuters reported that Vimeo made $40 million in revenue.

(Reporting by Jennifer Saba in New York) 
2015-04-14
Alcatel convertible bonds rally on Nokia takeover bet LONDON Alcatel Lucent's ALUA.PA convertible bonds rallied to record highs on Tuesday as hedge funds and other investors bet on a takeover of the telecoms equipment maker by Nokia, hoping for a windfall profit.

Alcatel's three convertible bonds (CB) had surged by between 20 percent and 33 percent by 0857 EDT after the French company entered talks with Nokia NOK1V.HE about being acquired by its larger Finnish rival FR0011527225= FR0011948306= FR0011948314=.

If Alcatel is taken over, holders of its convertible bonds will have their notes swapped 'at par', giving them a discount of between 32 and 40 percent to the company's stock price, according to the bonds' terms.

"If there is a full takeover of Alcatel by Nokia, holders of the Alcatel converts ... have done very well," a London-based trader said.

Debt-laden Alcatel-Lucent issued three convertible bonds worth a total 1.8 billion euros ($1.91 billion) between 2013 and 2014.

Prices of the bonds, which expire in 2018, 2019 and 2020, had risen by between 45 percent and 135 percent from the time of their issue to the market close on Monday, according to Thomson Reuters data.

Alcatel, whose share price jumped 16 percent on Tuesday on news of the takeover talks, declined to comment.

HEDGE FUNDS

While bondholders' names are not publicly disclosed, traders said several hedge funds owned Alcatel's convertible notes, often counterbalancing those positions with "short" bets on a fall in the company's share price.

Hedge funds Susquehanna International Holdings, Aristeia Capital, CQS, AQR Capital Management and Och-Ziff Management, as well as French banks BNP Paribas and Natixis, had "short" positions of between 0.5 percent and 1.96 percent of Alcatel's share capital, according to filings with French market regulator AMF.

A spokesman for Aristea said the fund follows a convertible bond arbitrage strategy, among others, but declined to comment on specific positions. CQS also declined to comment, while the other firms were not immediately available to comment.

Short sellers borrow a stock and sell it, betting they will be able to buy it back at a lower price before returning it to the lender, pocketing the difference.

Around 9 percent of Alcatel's share capital was out on loan to short sellers at the market close on Monday, according to Markit data, which means their aggregate short position was worth 695 million euros ($734.13 million).

($1 = 0.9405 euros)

(Additional reporting by Owen Wild, and Blaise Robinson in Paris; Editing by Susan Fenton) China's cyber laws could saddle firms with redundant data centers: US lobby Shanghai Tower is illuminated in the Lujiazui financial district of Pudong in Shanghai, December 25, 2014. REUTERS/Aly Song

BEIJING Chinese restrictions on transferring data overseas would burden firms with building "redundant" data centers in China and hamper domestic companies expanding abroad, the American Chamber of Commerce in China said on Tuesday.

China has introduced a series of policies in recent years to keep financial and personal data such as credit history and health records on Chinese soil, particularly since intelligence contractor Edward Snowden disclosed details of U.S. spying.

China is not alone in weighing such measures, with countries including Russia, Germany and Brazil ratifying or extensively debating similar proposals in response to the spying.

Technology companies, on the other hand, said such localization would lead to inefficiency, with U.S. search giant Google Inc saying it would result in the "balkanisation", or fragmentation, of the Internet.

The U.S. chamber, which has become increasingly vocal in the past year as China implemented new cyber security regulations, said in a report on Tuesday that "the damages to economic growth ... outweigh any theoretical benefits to security."

The chamber cited a study by the European Centre for International Political Economy that said localization could cause China's gross domestic product to fall by 1.1 percent.

China has mentioned data localization in seven laws or policy papers since 2010, including in laws governing state secrets and security, according to the chamber. The U.S. and China should drop localization initiatives under a bilateral investment treaty now being negotiated, it said.

The same day, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker, in a visit to China, said cyber security threats must be addressed without creating barriers to trade or investment.

Chinese officials, for their part, have repeatedly said China's cyber security regulations are in line with prevailing international standards and are no more onerous.

Some technology vendors have begun making changes in response to the data localization movement internationally. Microsoft Corp said it would abide by such national demands while Apple Inc said it would store Chinese user data for its iCloud service at data centers operated by China Telecom Corp Ltd.

(Reporting by Gerry Shih; Editing by Christopher Cushing) 3 Reasons Google Inc. Fears Amazon.com Inc. Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) often seems like an invincible 800-pound gorilla destined to rule the Internet thanks to its ownership of the largest search engine and mobile OS in the world.

But just like King Kong, overgrown gorillas can be taken down. In previous articles, I discussed how Microsoft and Facebook could throttle Google's growth over the next few years. Today, we'll discuss three ways Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) can do the same.

1. Google doesn't "get" shopping

Last year, Google chairman Eric Schmidt admitted that "almost a third of people looking to buy something started on Amazon... more than twice the number who went straight to Google."

Amazon's dominance of product searches is a big blind spot Google has failed to address. Its first effort, Google Shopping, listed merchant-submitted prices for free. By April 2012, Google Shopping handled around 80 million product searches monthly, compared to 335 million searches at Amazon. However, Google Shopping's growth stalled out later that year after it started charging merchants for listings.

Last year, Google launched Google Express, a same-day delivery service for parts of California, Chicago, Boston, Manhattan, and Washington, D.C. Google hired drivers, who helped brick-and-mortar partners like Barnes & Noble, Target, and Costco deliver goods to customers.

Google Express costs $95 per year for unlimited free deliveries with $15 minimum orders. By comparison, Amazon Prime members, who pay $99 per year, get free two-day deliveries, access to streaming media, free e-books from the lending library, discounts, and other perks. Members of the AmazonFresh program in select cities get Prime benefits and free same-day deliveries for $299 per year.

Google Express gives Google a toehold in product searches, but it's still dwarfed by Amazon's global presence and wider selection of products.

2. Overlapping ecosystems

Just as Google is leveraging its strength in search to expand into e-commerce, Amazon is leveraging its strength in e-commerce to expand into other businesses, many of which overlap with Google's plans.

Amazon sells its Kindle and Fire TV devices at low margins, but uses them as anchors to generate digital revenue from e-books, music, and apps, and physical purchases via one-click orders from the Amazon store. Since Prime members get significant perks for digital and physical purchases, regular users are strongly encouraged to subscribe and tether themselves to Amazon's ecosystem.

Last year, Consumer Intelligence Research Partners (CIRP) found that Prime subscribers spend twice as much annually as regular customers, while Kindle owners spend 30% more than non-Kindle owners. CIRP also recently estimated that 45% of Amazon's U.S. customers, or 40 million people, are Prime members. Amazon claims that worldwide Prime membership, across nine countries, rose 53% year over year in 2014.

That growth gives Amazon a firm foundation from which to launch smart home initiatives like Echo, Dash, and Dash Buttons -- which interfere with Google's home automation plans for Nest. Amazon is also using its knowledge of users' shopping habits to launch its own ad network, which could eventually become a threat to Google's core business of targeted ads. Amazon is also expanding its presence in mobile payments, which overlaps Google's plans to expand Google Wallet.

3. The battle for the cloud

Prime could also help Amazon tether more users to its cloud storage service. In March, Amazon introduced two new unlimited storage plans. One plan for photos costs $11.99 per year, while another one designed for all types of files costs $59.99 per year.

By comparison, Google and Microsoft only offer unlimited storage plans to enterprise users. For regular customers, Google sells 1TB of storage for $99.99 per year, while Microsoft offers 1TB of space with an Office 365 subscription for around $84 per year. By undercutting both rivals, Amazon is better positioned to profit from the growth of the global cloud storage market, which research company Markets and Markets estimates could grow from $13.6 billion in 2014 to $56.6 billion in 2019.

Neither Amazon and Google disclose how much their cloud businesses are worth. However, Pacific Crest estimates that Amazon's AWS (Amazon Web Services) unit, which consists of its EC2 (cloud servers with software-as-a-service) and S3 (cloud storage) units, generated roughly $5 billion in revenues last year. Research company TBR estimates that Google's cloud businesses generated $1.6 billion in revenues in 2014.

Those are admittedly just slivers of Amazon's $89 billion and Google's $66 billion in 2014 revenues, but their weight could increase considerably over the next few years.

Should Google investors be worried?

Put simply: Amazon represents a disruptive threat to Google, particularly in the realm of product searches.

As major sites dominate specific categories -- such as Amazon in e-commerce, Facebook in social networking, and Yelp in business reviews -- users will visit those sites directly instead of using Google's search box. As that fragmentation continues, the value of that search box could decline and adversely impact its search revenues. 
2015-11-25
Amazon's Ohio Wind Energy Farm to Power AWS Worldwide  Selling Yahoo's core business would be complicated The holiday at Yahoo Inc. headquarters right now is  Groundhog Day. 

Once again, Yahoo YHOO, +0.15% is getting letters from activist investors. Once again, a high-profile chief executive (who also happens to be a woman), is under fire, with many investors calling for her ouster. And, there is also speculation of a proxy fight, this time with Yahoo s entire board of directors up for re-election in June.

Jerry Yang, who went through a proxy battle with investor Carl Icahn, and Carol Bartz, who was ousted after her own much-derided nearly-three-year reign at Yahoo, surely can commiserate with Marissa Mayer. Mayer is under fire in the press and on Wall Street, with the general consensus that its time for yet another CEO change at the floundering Internet company., which has had six CEOs since 2007.

But if the revolving-door CEO strategy hasn t worked for Yahoo before, why should it this time? The answer may be to give up on Yahoo as an independent company, which Yahoo s board will reportedly consider at a meeting this week.

The breaking point for some investors seemed to be the news   glossed over in the company s conference call, but reported upon by Re/code   that Yahoo hired McKinsey & Co. consultants to help the company decide which businesses it should shutter in its latest cost-cutting move. This news came shortly after the company revealed in late September that it does not have implicit approval from the Internal Revenue Service for a tax-free spin-out of its remaining stake in Alibaba Group Holdings BABA, -0.38% and that it plans to move forward anyway. Hedge fund investor Starboard Value LP, which owns 0.8% of the company, wrote a letter to the board asking Yahoo to scrap that plan, noting that  the potential penalty for being wrong is just too great. 

A Yahoo spokeswoman declined to comment.

These are just the latest negative developments suggesting Mayer s turnaround plan is a disappointment. Yahoo s recent quarterly results showed continued declining revenue in Yahoo s core business, which fell nearly 5%. While revenue in mobile, native video and social ads (the  Mavens  sector that Yahoo wants investors to focus on), grew 43%, that was a slower pace than the 60% growth in the previous quarter. Its costs are still rising and the company s revenue guidance for the fourth quarter was substantially below expectations. More grim is the fact that Yahoo s non-GAAP operating income fell 41% to $92 million in the quarter.

 After about 3.5 years and $7 billion in spending (on capex, M&A and R&D) management has been unable to show meaningful progress in the core turnaround,  Robert Peck, an analyst with SunTrust, wrote in a note last week.

The seeming failure of Mayer s plan does not mean Yahoo needs to make a change at the top, however. The company will then go through even more tumult and end up with another reorganization, more layoffs and more executive departures, which has already turned into a bad trend. After 13 key executives left this year alone, The Wall Street Journal reported that a crisis of morale has gripped Yahoo and Re/code reported Mayer asked her top lieutenants to commit to stay with the Internet pioneer for at least three to five years.

The best possible solution at this point may be to finally admit that Yahoo needs to find a buyer, as opposed to replacing Mayer with a new CEO who will embark on another strategy, or conclude Yahoo needs to find a buyer. But how an acquisition would happen is a complicated matter.

Peck has suggested that Yahoo sell its core business and keep its Alibaba holdings and Yahoo Japan, much as a holding company, along with its current cash, an idea embraced last week in Starboard s letter to the company. The problem with that may be, as this column has pointed out in the past and as John Shinal notes in USA Today, the value of Yahoo s core business.

The market is currently valuing Yahoo s core business at less than its cash on hand, once you deduct the value of its Alibaba holdings and its Yahoo Japan assets.Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wiesner said in a note in late October that he valued Yahoo based on what the other businesses would be valued at on a sale or spin-out basis.

 We value Yahoo on a sum-of-the-parts basis, core business worth $3/share and cash less debt worth nearly $5,  Wiesner wrote.  We value the Alibaba and Yahoo Japan assets at $29/share presently.  At the time of Wiesner s note, Yahoo was trading at $32.83 a share. Tuesday, its shares closed at $32.96.

Starboard, though, does not see that valuation as a problem. In its letter to Mayer and the Yahoo board, Jeffrey Smith, managing member of Starboard, wrote,  We believe the current net cash of Yahoo and the cash generated from the core business sale can be returned to shareholders in a tax efficient manner in some combination of share buybacks, returns of capital, and dividends. 

What company would want to buy Yahoo just for its core business, though? Ray Valdes, an analyst with Gartner Inc., said that he did not believe a Yahoo buyer would be found in the U.S., but rather in Asia. But some Asian contenders only made sense when they were bandied about in the past for the whole company.

Two contenders frequently named have been Alibaba, the Chinese e-commerce giant, or Softbank which owns 43% of Yahoo Japan. But Alibaba would not likely be interested now in Yahoo s core without buying back its stake, and it would likely face a tough regulatory road in the U.S., as a Chinese company buying a company with millions of U.S. email accounts.

Last year, a private banking firm in Switzerland, Alternative Investment Management and Research SA, wrote a letter to Softbank Group Corp. 9984, -2.00% and Yahoo, suggesting that they merge. Now, with former Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -0.09% executive Nikesh Arora as CEO-in-waiting at Softbank, this may be Mayer s best bet to sell the entire company.

Then, Softbank could get the rest of the Yahoo Japan business it does not own possibly without a hefty tax burden, and as Yahoo investor Eric Jackson suggested in a post last year, perhaps do a trade with Alibaba for something of similar value so Alibaba could get its stake back on a tax-free basis.

Whatever happens, it s likely to be messy. While a sale would be complicated, though, it would at least be a new approach for a company that has seen too many CEOs fired and too many turnaround plans fail in the last decade.

Colin Gillis of BGC Partners points out, though, that a sale of the whole company is not appealing to investors.

 If it all stays bundled together, it s harder for the value to become unlocked,  Gillis said. adding that he thinks the Alibaba spin-out should go forward as planned.  My view is let the [Ali] Baba spin happen. It would be a fantastic ending to put the property in the hands of private equity, and let the company turn itself around outside of the public eye. 

If Mayer continues to fight to keep her Yahoo turnaround going, though, she may likely end up stepping down under investor pressure or get ousted by the board. And investors will be having that deja vu feeling all over again. 
2015-10-02
Google Becomes a Part of Alphabet: What You Need to Know The close of trading today will spell a new era for Google as the search giant becomes a part of new holding company Alphabet Inc.

Google announced today it expects stock from "Google Inc." will transfer to "Alphabet" at the close of the business day. Google's Class A and C stocks will swap the Google name for Alphabet, however both types of shares will keep their respective ticker symbols, GOOG and GOOGL, along with the same shareholder rights.

The decision to slim down Google and make it a subsidiary of the newly created Alphabet was announced in August and is intended to allow each company to focus on what it does best. Google has always been a search engine and advertising business at its core but over the years it's grown into a company with diverse interests ranging from self-driving cars to home automation systems. The idea of Alphabet is to spin off some of those businesses from Google.

Larry Page is CEO of Alphabet, while fellow Google co-founder Sergey Brin serves as president. In a blog post announcing the change, Page said that Google is "operating well today, but we think we can make it cleaner and more accountable."

Here's a look at the biggest changes of the reorganization.

What's Part of a Slimmed-Down Google

Google will be solely focused on the company's core Internet businesses, including search, advertising, maps, YouTube and the Android operating system. Sundar Pichai, who has effectively been leading Google's day-to-day operations, will step into the CEO role.

What It Means for Investors

Investors can expect two segments for financial reporting beginning in Q4, with the slimmed down Google broken out separately from the other Alphabet businesses, which will be reported as a whole, according to an SEC filing explaining the reorganization.

What Else Is Under the Alphabet Umbrella

Page said "companies that are pretty far afield of our main internet products" will be separated from Google and become a part of Alphabet.

Google X, the semi-secret incubator that has spawned projects such as self-driving cars and Wing, a drone delivery service, will move to Alphabet. Other companies under Alphabet's control will be Nest, the connected home products company; Fiber, Google's high-speed Internet service; Google Ventures and Google Capital.

Alphabet's Role as a Parent Company

Each business unit under the Alphabet umbrella will be run by a CEO, with Page and Brin determining their compensation.

"We will rigorously handle capital allocation and work to make sure each business is executing well," Page wrote in a blog post. "The whole point is that Alphabet companies should have independence and develop their own brands." Recent Product Launches Position Google For Strong Future Growth Google recently launched two new Nexus phones, the 5X and the 6P.

Google also announced a tablet with a full-size keyboard, the Pixel C, and enhanced Chromecast streaming devices.

Google is building hardware to drive the Android ecosystem forward.

Google's experimental cell phone service Project Fi is now available on Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X.

Project Fi, which intermediates between the consumers and the carriers, is likely to disrupt legacy cellular business models and establish Google as a leading wireless service.

Google -A (NASDAQ:GOOGL) launched two new Nexus phones on Tuesday. The product launch was as per expectations, as covered in an earlier post on amigobulls. The new Nexus phones, 5X and 6P are available for preorder in the Google Store in several countries, with the 5X priced at $379, and the 6P priced at $499.

A full video recording of the launch event is available on YouTube. The video also shows the announcement of the Pixel C tablet, updates to Chromecast, and new features for popular Android apps.

The independent reviews that are starting to appear are mostly positive. "The Nexus 5X is once again set to become the best budget Android phone - especially for Android purists, while the Nexus 6P finally gives the line a premium model to compete with the best from Apple and Samsung," notes Gordon Kelly on Forbes. "As such there should be something for everyone here. Longer term testing will be required to truly give the new Nexuses a definitive thumbs up, but my initial impressions are highly positive."

"Android s diversity is why it s become the most popular mobile platform in the world, and the latest version, Marshmallow, takes Android to a new level of performance," states Google's announcement. "While we love all the Android devices out there, every year we build Nexus devices to show off the latest and greatest, directly from the people who built Android. Today we re introducing the latest Nexus treats, both running Marshmallow, sweetened by amazing apps and sandwiched by some cutting-edge hardware."

"The reason that we build hardware... is so we can guide the ecosystem forward," said Google CEO Sundar Pichai.

The higher-end 6P, built in collaboration with Huawei, has a 5.7-inch screen, and the 5X has a 5.2 inches screen. Both phones have 64-bit processors and increased battery time, with the 6P charging fully in half the time of an iPhone 6 Plus, according to the company. The new phones use machine learning to adapt to a user's specific patterns over time, said Dave Burke, Google's vice president for engineering. Both phones include a new fingerprint sensor, Nexus Imprint, as well as use of Android Pay (in the U.S.).

Google also announced the Pixel C tablet, the first Android tablet built end-to-end by Google. The Pixel C has a full-size keyboard that attaches magnetically to the tablet. Pixel C will be available by the holidays starting at $499, with the keyboard an additional $149, Google said.

Google also introduced two new Chromecast devices with improved performance and new features to stream media to a TV or speaker using a phone, tablet or laptop.

Google's page states that Project Fi, "a program to deliver a fast, easy wireless experience in close partnership with leading carriers, hardware makers and our users," is now available on Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X.

Wired reports that Google started working on Project Fi, its experimental cell phone service, about two and a half years ago. Project Fi allows phones to automatically switch among multiple cellular networks and local area Wi-Fi networks, depending on which network offers the strongest signal at any given moment. Project Fi, operated by Google, lets users switch automatically between two US cellular services: T-Mobile and Sprint. Users pay Google for the service, and Google handles the technical and financial relationships with T-Mobile and Sprint.

Wired notes that Project Fi removes much of the power traditionally held by the big wireless carriers, such as T-Mobile US (NYSE:TMUS), Sprint (NYSE:S), AT&T (NYSE:T), and Verizon (NYSE:VZ). But the carriers have to accept the reality of today's cellular business, which is changing rapidly and moving closer and closer to the flexibility and customer empowerment represented by Google's Project Fi.

"The trend is inevitable," said Richard Doherty, director of wireless technology consulting firm Envisioneering. "The folks at AT&T and Verizon come from a monopoly background. They ve been used to this since even before Google was born. But that s not going to work anymore."

It appears that Google is rapidly positioning itself - among so many other things - as a leading maker of cell phones, tablets, and wireless devices, which is likely to have a positive impact on Google's stock in the short term. But Project Fi, if successful, is likely to disrupt legacy cellular business models and establish Google as a leading wireless service that intermediates between the consumers and the carriers, with high potential for Google's growth. 
2015-03-04
Alibaba opens first US cloud center, enters hotly contested market HANGZHOU, China Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is launching a cloud computing hub in Silicon Valley on Wednesday, the e-commerce giant's first outside of China, underscoring its global ambitions in the face of stiff and entrenched competition.

The new California data center marks the Chinese company's latest measured expansion onto American soil, and into a hotly contested U.S. market now dominated by Amazon.com Inc , Microsoft Corp and Google Inc.

Alibaba's Aliyun cloud division intends the new data center to cater initially to Chinese companies with operations in the United States, including retail, Internet and gaming firms. It will later target U.S. businesses seeking a presence in both countries, Ethan Yu, a vice president at Alibaba who runs the international cloud business, told Reuters.

"This is a very strategic move for us," Yu said, declining to say how much Alibaba invested in the data center or disclose its location for security reasons. "International expansion is actually a company strategy in the coming few years."

"Eventually we may expand to other regions, for example the East Coast or middle part of the U.S., if our customers have the demand for that."

Aliyun, which has been likened to a budding version of Amazon Web Services, began as part of the company's in-house technical infrastructure but has since expanded to lease processing and storage space for small and medium Internet businesses in China.

While Alibaba dominates e-commerce in China, Aliyun, also known as Alibaba Cloud Computing, holds about a 23 percent market share in its home market. It faces both Chinese and foreign competitors, from carriers like China Telecom to Microsoft and Amazon. Its existing data centers span the Chinese cities of Hangzhou, Qingdao, Beijing, Shenzhen and Hong Kong.

Alibaba is kicking off its U.S. cloud business as American corporations and politicians are protesting what they see as Beijing's efforts to curb foreign technology at home.

Chinese government controls have limited foreign competition and disrupted many online services, including Google's and Amazon Web Services', according to censorship watchdogs. This week, U.S. President Barack Obama sharply criticized Chinese regulations that subject overseas companies to arduous measures regarding data management.

FIRST THINGS FIRST

A more immediate concern may be how Alibaba intends to vie with the likes of Amazon, Microsoft and Google, which are slashing prices on cloud services to try and sustain double-digit growth. They're battling over a public cloud services market that could grow into an $100 billion industry by 2017, according to researcher IDC.

U.S. customers are not expected to be bothered by the service's Chinese ownership if pricing is competitive.

Alibaba has big plans for Aliyun, which now accounts for about 1 percent of its revenue but supports its core e-commerce operation and will also play a pivotal role in the long run. Alibaba sees cloud computing as key to its plans to aggregate and analyze the vast quantities of data it collects, including on consumer behavior.

The company also needs to find ways to sustain so-far stunning growth. Shares in the company fell to their lowest levels since their debut on Tuesday, after rival JD.com's better-than-expected quarterly results revived concerns that Alibaba's expansion is slowing.

Cloud computing and infrastructure was the company's fastest-growing business segment in the December quarter, increasing sales 85 percent to $58 million.

Alibaba now derives the vast majority of its revenue from China. In recent months it has made headway in emerging markets from Russia to Brazil, but the company has taken a cautious, calculated approach to the U.S. market.

The northern California data node would serve internal Alibaba businesses, like AliExpress, its online B2C platform for buyers outside of China, as well as external public cloud clients, Yu said.

He declined to disclose details about potential clients. But cash-strapped startups generally rely heavily on cloud service providers to power their services. Alibaba has invested in several U.S. firms including messaging app Tango, online retailers 11Main.com, Fanatics.com and Shoprunner, but it's unclear if they would avail themselves of Aliyun's services.

Ahead of Wednesday s launch, Aliyun ran an invitation-only trial period for customers in China with international expansion plans, he said. The company began selling U.S. cloud services on Tuesday.

"Gradually we will start to attract international customers," Yu said. "There are actually lots of U.S. customers, U.S. enterprises who look forward to setting up lots of data centers in China to serve their Chinese-based customers."

"I do see there is big demand for U.S. customers who look for balanced presence of their IT infrastructure across the world, including China."

(Editing by Edwin Chan, Peter Henderson and Cynthia Osterman) 
2015-10-10
Did Microsoft's Windows 10 Mobile Gain Alphabet Inc's Blessing? One of the most common complaints about Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows Phone platform is its lack of first-party apps from Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google. Instead, users have to use clumsy third-party apps which often suffer from API disruptions. Google also drew a line in the sand by blocking Microsoft's YouTube app in 2013.

But all that could soon change. Microsoft and Google recently agreed to drop all lawsuits against each other, and a new rumor suggests that Google could finally launch first-party apps for Windows 10 Mobile as part of the deal. If Google really brings its core apps to Microsoft's mobile OS, would it be a win for both companies?

What Google apps mean for Microsoft

Windows Phones account for less than 3% of the worldwide smartphone market today, according to IDC. Yet Microsoft has made surprising progress against Google on mobile devices by forging alliances with Android OEMs. Earlier this year, over 30 handset makers agreed to pre-install Microsoft's Android apps on their devices. While this didn't mean that the Microsoft apps would directly replace their Google counterparts, it did mean that consumers gained pre-installed second options.

Microsoft also made it easier for Android and iOS developers to port their apps to Windows 10, which can reach a much wider audience of PC, Xbox One, tablet, and smartphone users. In China, Microsoft and Xiaomi even developed a Windows 10 ROM which could be installed on the latter's flagship Mi4 Android smartphone.

Those moves suggested that Microsoft was prioritizing ecosystem expansion over Windows Phone hardware sales. But if Google launches first-party ecosystem apps for Windows 10 Mobile, Android users might be more inclined to purchase new Microsoft devices like the Lumia 950 and 950XL. At the same time, Google's software could potentially steal users away from Microsoft's services, which could hurt Microsoft's goal of creating a "One Windows" cloud-based ecosystem across multiple platforms.

A tangled web will be woven

Launching Google apps for Windows 10 Mobile might not initially seem that different from bringing them to iOS. But there's a crucial difference -- Microsoft and Google are competing software makers, while Apple mainly produces hardware.

Google's introduction of iOS apps is more similar to Microsoft's strategy of pre-installing apps on Android OEMs. Both companies are trying to piggyback their apps on other companies' hardware to expand their ecosystems. However, Microsoft's introduction of core apps on Android is an attempt to breach Google's ecosystem while at the same time Google could be trying to do the same by bringing its first-party apps to Windows 10 Mobile.



Microsoft will likely embrace Google apps on Windows 10 Mobile because they'll boost the appeal of all Windows 10 devices. Since Microsoft is leveraging its dominance of the PC market to support smartphone sales with scalable features like Continuum, it would be ideal to offer as many popular mobile apps as possible. Microsoft might lose a few ecosystem users to Google, but the increased appeal of the Windows OS could be well worth it.

However, Google could accidentally undermine the appeal of its own Android devices by launching core apps for Windows 10 Mobile. For consumers who want access to core Google services as well as compatibility with Windows' widespread PC applications, it might make more sense to buy a Windows 10 Mobile device instead of an Android one.

The road ahead

Google was recently hit by antitrust probes in Europe and the U.S. regarding its app-bundling practices on Android. Several of Google's competitors, including Microsoft, have accused the company of making it nearly impossible to get their apps pre-installed on Google-tethered Android devices.

Therefore, launching its core apps for Windows 10 Mobile might be a defensive move against charges of anti-competitive behavior. At the very least, it would be a strong vote of confidence for the future of Windows 10, which has already claimed almost 7% of the PC market since its launch in late July. 1 Critical Way Alphabet Inc's Self-Driving Cars Will Mirror Apple Inc.'s ... After decades of general stasis, the global auto industry finally appears poised to undergo at least one major paradigm shift in the coming decade, thanks in no small part to the looming competitive threats of tech-oriented entrants like Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), and Tesla.

And even though potentially game-changing products like Apple's Project Titan and Alphabet's autonomous autos remain years away from the rubber actually meeting the road (pun intended), investors and the media are slowly gaining a clearer sense of each company's individual strategies. Although Apple's and Alphabet's attempts to rock the automotive industry's proverbial boat differ in some regards, we recently learned these twin efforts likely share one key characteristic their respective investors will love: outsourcing fabrication.

Alphabet is breaking ground in smart cars

The company now called Alphabet, which most people are probably still calling Google, recently held a preview of its self-driving cars for select members of the media, and the insights gleaned provide a number of important data points for its investors. Interestingly, the company included its internally developed smart-car prototypes as part of the media day, versus the souped-up Lexuses it previously used to test its autonomous driving technology. Although Alphabet's cars remain prototypes, the company appears intent on including what it believes to be several marked improvements to traditional car designs.

More than a year ago, the company was showing off how it had revamped the materials and structure of the front of its prototypes, favoring a compressible foam front bumper and a large, highly flexible windshield. It claims this new design will better protect people in the event of an accident, while also better shielding other "road users" like pedestrians and bicyclists. Self-driving car director Chris Urmson has also indicated that the company plans to limit its cars' speeds to only 25 mph to create an additional layer of safety for those inside and outside the vehicle.

Considering Alphabet's clear ambition to overhaul the entire automobile experience, it should come as no surprise that the company again broke with convention in creating its cars' interiors. In fact, those expecting little about the in-car experience to change might not recognize Alphabet's self-driving cars for proper automobiles.

The company gutted the inside, removing the steering column, accelerator, gas pedal, and rear and side mirrors -- just to name a few of the major changes. This lack of in-car clutter and driving responsibility opens the door for drivers and passengers alike to engage in far more worthwhile activities like browsing the Internet using Google's Chrome browser, or checking their Gmail accounts, or watching videos on YouTube. Alphabet isn't doing this for free, after all.

In terms of safety in the absence of a trained driver, Urmson indicated that the company designed back-up engine and braking systems into its cars. So if something goes awry without passengers being able to take control, the cars themselves will be able to continue driving as if nothing happened.

Overall, it's a compelling vision, although one that remains years away from actually operating on the road. However, of equal importance to the features in its prototypes, Alphabet also shared a key piece of information about its business model that closely mirrors Apple's approach to car making with Apple's Project Titan.

Manufacturing higher margins

According to recent reporting from Re/Code, Alphabet has confirmed that it doesn't plan to produce its autonomous driving cars on its own. This parallels Apple's all-but-assured strategy, similar to its product lineup, of outsourcing its devices fabrication in order to maintain its margin profile. I've used this chart in past articles on the topic because the automobile business is a notoriously low-margin space for even the largest companies.

Company Name LTM Net Income Margin Daimler AG 5.7% Volkswagen AG 5.2% Peugeot S.A. (0%) Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. 0.9% Renault 5.8% SAIC Motor Corporation Limited 4.5% Nissan Motor Co. 4.2% General Motors Company 3.6% Honda Motor Co. 3.9% Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft (DB:BMW) 6.7% Average 4.1%

For context, Apple and Google generated 21.5% and 21%, respectively, in net income margins last quarter. While moving into the automotive market offers a truly massive revenue opportunity for the likes of Apple and Alphabet, it benefits their shareholders far less if that fresh revenue meaningfully deteriorates either company's profit margins.

As more focus has shifted to understanding and analyzing Apple's Project Titan, some of the sharpest minds in the business have argued that Apple could, and likely will, be able to create a more profitable automotive business model in very much the same way it has done in its consumer electronics business. Apple designs and procures the supply-chain materials used in producing its iDevices, but outsources the low-margin assembly portion of the business to a number of third-party fabrication partners like Foxconn, or Samsung and Taiwan Semiconductor for its A-series chips. The auto industry doesn't have any large-scale assembly companies in the same vein as the above names, but Apple and Alphabet have ample capital on their balance sheets to finance new plants if they can find a partner with the requisite technical knowledge.

The key implication in all this is that Apple and Alphabet both appear to be working to break with auto industry conventions in order to capture a greater share of the profits and value from their respective automotive projects. While both companies' projects remain years in the making, Alphabet's acknowledgement that, like Apple, it does not plan to make its own cars, should be music to its shareholders' ears. Google Now Owns abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.com SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER

In moves that just get weirder every day, Google now a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alphabet has revealed that it owns abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz.com.

abc.com and Alphabet.com were apparently unavailable.

The August announcement by Alphabet, Inc. that Google was going to bust itself up into a series semi-autonomous subsidiaries would supposedly allow founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin to turn over operating control of the world s largest search engine and basket of unrelated other research entities, while still maintaining central control of corporate cash flow. But the real reason may be to distance the search engine cash cow from the legal and perhaps existential risk of an adverse privacy ruling.

Google s main businesses are Internet-related services and products that include online advertising technologies, search, cloud computing, and software. Google s cash cow is profits derived from AdWords, which assist content providers and advertisers in delivering their messages to users.

As Breitbart News wrote in  Net Neutrality Passes: Everybody Equal, But Google Much More Equal,  Google in February of 2015 achieved its goal of pushing for maximal FCC  Net Neutrality  and price regulation by having its direct broadband competitors reclassified as the equivalent of Title II telephone utility services.

But the Obama administration FCC that ruled overwhelmingly in favor of Google, could easily rule that broadband is not like a telephone service under a future Republican administration.

The NetCompetition blog does an excellent job of explaining the potential unintended-consequence-risk to Google s core business of FCC Title II regulation of broadband:

Title II regulation necessarily and broadly applies to Google s business model;

Title II strict privacy regulation now applies to Google;

Title II escalates legal and privacy risk from Google s widespread wiretapping;

Title II brings more regulatory attention to Google s poor EEO/diversity record;

Title II risks deemed Goggle blocking, discriminating, and paid-prioritization.

Google announced its plans for a new corporate structure in August under the leadership of CEO Sundar Pichai, while Alphabet serves as a collection of companies led by CEO Larry Page.

Page told TechCrunch that the structure will allow the company to  run things independently that aren t very related,  while also keeping  tremendous focus on the extraordinary opportunities we have inside of Google.

The good news for Google is it currently controls a highly profitable virtual monopoly in Internet search. But that also means it controls a monopoly that could easily be forced to break up under an administration less empathetic to its needs. 
2015-06-10
Apple Music cautiously embraced by record industry SAN FRANCISCO A decade ago, Apple Inc helped revitalize a music industry hit hard by online piracy with its iTunes Store. Now, amid a steady slump in digital downloads, the industry is hopeful that the tech giant's new streaming service will give record companies another desperately needed boost.

Apple Music, unveiled Monday and scheduled to launch at the end of the month, will offer subscribers access to a vast library of songs for $10 a month, but has no free on-demand tier unlike industry leader Spotify and others.

Officials in the recording industry are pleased to see Apple throwing its deep pockets and strong brand behind paid streaming, which generally provides more revenue for labels than the free services, which are supported by ads, said Cary Sherman, chairman and chief executive officer of the Recording Industry Association of America.

"We are very hopeful that Apple will not only succeed but that Apple's entry into the streaming business in a major way will actually be a shot in the arm for all streaming services," he said, helping them - and the record companies - make more money.

The trend toward streaming is clear: Paid subscriptions in the U.S. rose 26 percent year-over-year to 7.7 million in 2014, according to data from the RIAA.

But despite the generally positive reaction to Apple's announcement, some music companies are still concerned because of the tough economics of the streaming business, said Sherman. Premium subscriptions offer slightly better payouts to record labels and their artists than free services, but not as much as digital downloads.

Spotify's premium service, for example, generated revenue of less than $37 million in the United States in December 2014, according to an analysis conducted by Audiam, a New York-based firm that helps music companies collect digital royalties.

But Apple's sheer volume of existing users - roughly 800 million accounts on iTunes - could significantly increase the payoff for publishers, said Jeff Price, the CEO and founder of Audiam.

"Those numbers are staggering in comparison to anything that's existed in the market place," said Price. Spotify has more than 20 million paid subscribers worldwide, company spokesman Graham James said.

If Apple is successful, said Ted Cohen, a former music executive, others in the industry may decide to weaken or phase out their free tiers, he added.

"If you get people exposed to the convenience and the ease, then they will believe it's something worth paying for," said Cohen, who is now managing partner of TAG Strategic, a digital entertainment consultancy.

The New York Times reported Tuesday that attorneys general in New York and Connecticut are looking into whether Apple may be taking steps to slow the rise of free streaming services. They are investigating whether Apple worked with the record labels - or pressured them - to stop supporting so-called "freemium" services like Spotify. Such services have a free, ad-supported tier and a paid tier.

As Apple prepares to release its service, rivals in the streaming business remain confident.

Rob Glaser, co-chairman of music streaming company Rhapsody, said he saw few features in Apple Music that set it apart from the pack.

"Apple Music is more of a me-too product than a breakthrough product," he said.

And Apple's splashy entrance may well benefit all streaming companies, said Steve Boom, vice president of Digital Music at Amazon. The company offers its Prime subscribers free access to songs and playlists through Prime Music.

But even with Apple's push, success is not guaranteed. "Consumers still have to ask the next question, 'Now I'm aware of it, am I ready to spend $10 a month on it?'"

(Reporting by Julia Love and Mari Saito in San Francisco; Editing by Stephen R. Trousdale, Sue Horton) Apple Inc. Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Believes The Internet of Things Bubble ... Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) co-founder Steve Wozniak recently warned that the Internet of Thing, or IoT, market could be reaching a "bubble phase" comparable to the dot-com bust in the late 1990s.

Speaking at the World Business Forum in Sydney, Australia, Wozniak said, "I feel it's kind of like a bubble, because there is a pace at which human beings can change the way they do things." He pointed out there were "tons of companies starting up," but that some might have overestimated the appeal of connecting everyday objects to the Internet.

Wozniak isn't the only one who thinks the IoT market might be getting ahead of itself. At Gigaom's Structure Connect event last October, IBM (NYSE:IBM) Vice President of IoT Paul Brody said the market was in "a classic bubble phase," and that most of the data being accumulated on these devices was "useless".

Should investors heed Wozniak and Brody's advice before believing bullish forecasts about the IoT industry?

Irrational industry hype

In the tech world, there's no concrete definition for a "bubble." However, one way to gauge bubble-like growth is through irrational industry hype.

It's easy to find bullish forecasts on the IoT market. Cisco believes the number of connected devices worldwide will double from 25 billion in 2015 to 50 billion in 2020. IDC claims the global IoT market will grow from $1.9 trillion in 2013 to $7.1 trillion by 2020. That's why tech giants such as Google and Apple are pushing into smart homes, connected cars, wearable devices, and mobile payments.

Spotting that trend, start-ups are flooding the market with IoT and wearable devices for even the silliest niches. A fart-analyzing wearable, a sex-tracking wearable, and a smart bra that detects binge eating all indicate developers are getting carried away with connecting things to the Internet.

On start-up tracking site AngelList, the number of IoT-related start-ups surged from 63 in May 2013 to 1,074 as of this writing. Yet only a handful of those companies might produce IoT or wearable devices that appeal to mainstream consumers.

What about valuations?

Another way to spot an industry bubble is to check the valuations of the publicly traded companies in that sector. Three pure-play IoT and wearable stocks to check are Sierra Wireless (NASDAQ:SWIR), Skyworks Solutions (NASDAQ:SWKS), and InvenSense (NYSE:INVN).

Sierra Wireless is the world's top manufacturer of 2G, 3G, and 4G LTE embedded modules and gateways. Skyworks Solutions produces analog and mixed signal semiconductors for a wide variety of industries. The two companies' products represent the basic conduits between objects and the Internet of Things. InvenSense manufactures motion sensors for the majority of non-Apple smartwatches.

As we can see from their trailing P/S ratios over the past five years, these companies' valuations aren't anywhere near dot-com bubble levels yet:

For example, Cisco's P/S surged to 23 in 2000 right before the dot-com bust. That year, Intel had an average P/S ratio of 11, while Microsoft traded at 17 times sales. Therefore, comparisons between the dot-com bubble and the IoT market might be hyperbolic.

Splitting up the market

The problem with claims that the "IoT bubble" could burst is that they sometimes clump too many categories of products together.

Some markets, such as smart homes and connected cars, could grow at a healthy rate. A recent Coldwell Banker Real Estate survey found that 64% of sales associates believed buyers were more interested in homes with smart features than they were two to five years ago. As for cars, a survey by Accenture found that only 6% of respondents were "not using, nor interested" in using connected navigation systems, and just 14% weren't interested in using infotainment systems for entertainment. Meanwhile, the industrial IoT market -- which helps companies automate tasks and analyze data -- will likely keep growing because it cuts costs and boosts efficiency.

As for the wacky market of wearables, a few leaders, such as the Apple Watch, will likely rise to the top while others fade away. Yet many start-ups are still unveiling new wearables products, while angel investors and venture capitalists keep backing them.

A bubble hasn't formed yet...

For a bubble to truly form, mainstream investors must actively prop up the market -- like the way they invested in tech companies during the dot-com bubble. Yet that hasn't really happened yet.

Most of the "hype" comes from the media, crowdfunding sites, and VCs. Publicly traded pure-play IoT and wearable companies aren't trading at huge premiums yet, while larger companies such as IBM and Intel have only recently launched IoT units as long-term investments. The IoT market is certainly growing, but just like any other growing industry, plenty of hopeful start-ups could be crushed along the way. Toumaz Ltd announces Co-development agreement with Google  
2015-10-09
Robert W. Baird Weighs In on Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) With the S&P 500 on track for its best week of the year, Robert W. Baird analyst Colin Sebastian weighed in with a few insights on the online retail giant Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), parent company of Google, with positive ratings.

Amazon.com, Inc.

Sebastian was out with an update on Amazon, straight from re:Invent, the biggest event of the year for AWS. The analyst rates the stock an Outperform, with a $630 price target, which implies an upside of 17% from current levels.

The analyst noted,  Today, Amazon announced QuickSight, a business intelligence tool[..[We highlight this announcement as additional evidence of Amazon moving  up-the-stack,  building off of its leading position in infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS) into more  value-added  software-as-a-service (SaaS) applications. Amazon has also separately announced other SaaS services such as e-mail (WorkMail), file-sharing (Zocalo), and virtual desktops (WorkSpaces) 

Furthermore,  In terms of assessing how Amazon may evolve its SaaS offering, we point to Google Apps, which offers core products such as e-mail, calendar, file-sharing, spreadsheet, presentation, word-processing and video-conferencing capabilities. While Amazon s intentions may be to work more in the back end of existing infrastructure, we would not be surprised if Amazon continues to broaden its enterprise offering to include other cloud-based productivity solutions. 

Bottom line:  We view the continued AWS build-out in  value-added  SaaS applications as a net positive that increases the addressable market and enhances customer  stickiness. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Colin Sebastian has a total average return of 18% and a 73.2% success rate. Sebastian has a 35.7% average return when recommending AMZN, and is ranked #35 out of 3772 analysts.

Out of the 43 analysts polled by TipRanks, 37 rate Amazon stock a Buy, while 6 rate the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 11.7%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $593.30.

Alphabet Inc

Analyst Colin Sebastian reiterated an Outperform rating on shares of Alphabet, with a price target of $780, which implies an upside of 19% from current levels.

Sebastian wrote,  Much attention has already been spent on analyzing the revenue and margin differential between core Google and the  speculative  Alphabet businesses. Core Google margins will be meaningfully higher than consolidated results, but that much was always clear. We believe the bigger picture for investors, however, is to understand the potentially massive new market opportunities being built under the Alphabet hood, such as Nest, Calico/Life Sciences, Fiber, Automotive Technology, Shipping/Logistics, etc. While not a perfect analogy, we would point to GE as one precedent in viewing Alphabet s opportunities for cross-industry growth; and just as lighting-related products once generated the bulk of GE s revenues and subsequently served as the foundation for the eventual diversification and dominance in new markets, Google has Search. 

 Beyond a more profitable  core  business, we believe Alphabet warrants a positive valuation, and thus shares still appear undervalued,  the analyst concluded.

According to TipRanks.com, analyst Colin Sebastian has a 18.5% average return when recommending GOOGL.

As of this writing, out of the 45 analysts polled by TipRanks, 42 rate Alphabet stock a Buy, while 3 rate the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 13%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $740.21.

Don t be late to the party   Click Here to see what 4500 Wall Street Analysts say about your stocks. Do Your Internet Picks Match Credit Suisse's Picks? Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse previewed the Internet sector ahead of the upcoming earnings season. Ju reiterated his top three picks: Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ: AMZN), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG). Ju noted that stock performances will "hinge" more on individual company and product-specific catalysts.

Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse commented in a note that stock performances will be determined more on individual company and product-specific catalysts versus "overarching" themes. Given the "sheer number" of data points, products and catalysts, the analyst singled out Amazon, Facebook and Alphabet (Google) as his top picks in the sector ahead of their respective third-quarter earnings report.

Amazon: Bullish Thesis Playing Out

Ju reiterated an Outperform rating on shares of Amazon with a price target raised to $720 from a previous $700.

The analyst noted that various positive thesis points have now played out and investor focus will shift toward an operating margin expansion within the retail segment and the "open-ended growth opportunities" for its AWS segment given its now greater scale and pace of innovation.

Related Link: Social Media Beat: The Three Gs -- GE, Google And Gilead

Facebook: Measured Pace Of New Products

Ju reiterated an Outperform rating on shares of Facebook with a price target raised to $115 from a previous $100.

According to Ju, Facebook's "measured" pace of new product releases will yield "value creation." In the near term, Instagram and Premium Video will begin showing a "greater impact" to the company's financials. Looking past the near term, product launches (such as Oculus Rift) may exert a "modest drag" on profitability (over the short term), but the monetization opportunities will drive upside to estimates.

Google: Continued  Health' Of Search And YouTube

Ju reiterated an Outperform rating on shares of Alphabet with a price target raised to $815 from a previous $750.

Ju pointed out that the incremental disclosures surround the Alphabet structure won't be released until the fourth quarter. In the meantime, the company is likely to focus on continued operating and capital expenditure moderation and the "health" of the Search and YouTube segments.

At the same time, the company will likely show a greater-than-expected contribution from its larger non-search business such as Google Play.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Amazon AWS Credit Suisse GoogleAnalyst Color Long Ideas Top Stories Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Google says Docs, Drive disruption resolved Letters spell the word ''Alphabet'' as they are seen on a computer screen with a Google search page in this photo illustration taken in Paris, France, August 11, 2015. REUTERS/Pascal Rossignol

Some of Google Inc's services, including Drive and Docs, which were facing disruptions for a few hours on Friday have been resolved, the company said.

Google's status page had showed that its file-sharing services such as Drive, Docs, Sheets, Slides and Classroom were facing disruptions.

"The problem with Google Drive should be resolved," the company said on an update to its page at 5:30 p.m. ET. (bit.ly/1hsgVC3)

Google, which has now morphed into holding company Alphabet Inc, also acknowledged the disruption in a tweet on its Docs page.

(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Don Sebastian and Maju Samuel) 
2015-09-07
Still Searching For The Strategy In Alphabet (nee Google) Does Inc. s reincarnation as Alphabet Inc. materially change anything for long-term investors? At best, the answer is  not yet.  Restructuring and renaming the company have not produced a tangible, compelling strategy for the overall enterprise. On the other hand, if these moves get management off the stick to create one, the thesis for owning the stock would dramatically improve.

Here s the issue. For years pundits, analysts, and investors have scratched their heads at the company s collection of businesses and ventures because they couldn t see how these reflected or comprised a coherent strategy. Unfortunately, Alphabet fails to address the confusion. Googling  Alphabet Inc. s strategy  will make you none the wiser.

Corporate strategy for any multi-business enterprise boils down to one fundamental question: How are the company s businesses economically stronger and its ventures more likely to succeed specifically because they operate within its corporate home rather than on their own or as part of another enterprise? In other words, how does the company itself add value to its particular businesses and ventures? Diversified entities such as Company, Corporation, and Inc. have been great long-run investments because their individual parts gain enormous advantage from their answers to this question. Disney s is  corporate franchises ; Danaher s is the Danaher Business System; and Berkshire Hathaway s is having an enormous and free source of investment capital   billions of dollars of  float  from insurance premiums   with a leader who is the world s greatest investor and allocator of capital.

When business leaders lack a specific and distinctive answer to the question of how their companies add value to their individual businesses and ventures, they have no true north for answering all the other big questions a diverse company faces, such as:

What capabilities should we have that make us better than anyone else at our particular way of adding value to our businesses?

What businesses should we be in because they benefit the most from how we add value?

When should we get out of a business because we can no longer add value to it?

The answers to these and many other questions for any particular company will lack coherence, insight and resilience when its corporate leaders can t answer the true-north question. Over time they ll inevitably amount to a random walk that can only be rationalized ex post. This is how companies such as Royal Philips Electronics, N.V., Kraft Foods Inc. and Vivendi got trapped in soul-destroying (and return-sapping) cycles of acquire-restructure-repeat. And this is why the alphabetization of Google falls short: it is no easier to answer the true-north question for Alphabet than it was for the old Google.

Some have likened Alphabet to Berkshire Hathaway s conglomerate structure, General Electric Company s centralized research arm serving a portfolio of operationally independent businesses or the old AT&T Inc. s Bell Labs funded by a telecommunications monopoly throwing off mountains of cash. But none of these analogies answers the true-north question for Alphabet.

Others see Alphabet as a  strategy  of yielding to Wall Street s demands for greater financial transparency, giving the founders more time to pursue game-changing, world-beating technologies, increasing operational independence between unrelated businesses to sharpen their focus and accountability or creating a house of brands as a catalyst for innovation. All of these may be good actions to take, but without a corporate strategy that provides a crisp answer to the true-north question, they are just as likely to make no difference at all, or worse.

For example, how will greater financial transparency make its businesses competitively stronger or ventures more likely to succeed? What will guide the higher-value activities for which the top team will supposedly have more time? If greater operational independence yields sharper focus and accountability, why not jettison the corporate super-structure altogether? How does changing the corporate brand do anything for the YouTube, Nest, Sidewalk, Calico or other brands? In service of what strategy are we getting more financial transparency, increased top team time, greater operational independence, and a new corporate brand? Why should the customers of the company's various businesses and ventures care one iota about these moves? Smart phone ingredient found in plant extracts HIRSCHFELD, GERMANY Scientists in Germany have come up with a method for extracting the precious element germanium from plants.

The element is a semi-conductor and was used to develop the first transistor because it is able to transport electrical charges extremely quickly. Nowadays, silicon-germanium alloy is indispensable to modern life, crucial in making computers, smartphones and fiber-optic cables.

Transparent in infra-red light, germanium is also used in intelligent steering systems and parking sensors for vehicles.

Yet although germanium is present in soil all over the world, it is difficult to extract, and most supplies currently come from China. Now scientists at Freiburg University of Mining and Technology think they have found a revolutionary way to obtain it from their own soil - with a little help from the natural world.

Biology professor Hermann Heilmeier is one of the scientists using common plants for this uncommon process.

"What is being cultivated in this field are various energy crops -- for example sunflowers, corn, reed canary grass - but instead of using them for energy purposes we want to use them for phytomining. In German we call it 'mining with plants'. We want to bring elements that are present in the soil into the roots and shoots of the plants, harvest them and then extract these elements from the plants after they have been used for energy, that is to say fermented," he said, showing off his field of crops as he measured the moisture levels of the soil.

The process is still in its early stages, but Heilmeier says they have now identified the plants that could allow them to scale the attempt up. The next stage of the process takes place in a laboratory at the university in Freiburg, where head of industrial chemistry Professor Martin Bertau has been overseeing the project. He said the region is very well-suited to the extraction of germanium due to the composition of the soil.

"There is zinc ore present here, the ground is very rich in zinc. We have the remains of waste rock piles from mining, which germanium-rich water can drain better through. And when you cultivate plants here and give them that water, they can build up germanium reserves through normal physiological processes. We unlock these reserves through fermentation with the help of bacteria and thus we are able to mobilize the germanium," Bertau explained.

Economically, the process is efficient, because the extraction of germanium can happen after plants are processed for use as biogas. Thus many of the costs are already covered in existing biogas plants.

"We use the normal biogas process, collect the products of fermentation and all there is left to do then is extract the germanium from them. The processing costs of this downstream step are manageable, so even with these low amounts it is still economically viable," Bertau said.

The potential for industry could be enormous, but there is still work to do before the benefits can be reaped. At the moment germanium can only be harvested in extremely small quantities, just a few milligrams per liter. Scientists need to achieve at least one gram per liter, which at the moment is only possible through a process of concentrating the extract.

"It is as it so often is: industry is still waiting because they want to see a facility where everything is already working. Then they say: 'we'll have it'. But of course we have to complete the step in between first. Thanks to the support of the BMBF (German ministry for education and research), we have now actually found a solution to an intractable problem and have got to the point where we can upscale the process. So we will be able to work with bigger amounts, with apparatus with a capacity of 1,000 liters or 10 cubic meters instead of 20 liters," Bertau said. 
2015-10-16
Why Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL) Can't Quit on Google Express Google Express, the e-commerce delivery arm of Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL), is going through a bit of a rough patch.

Re/code reported late Thursday that the service was set to lose its third major executive in the last year, raising eyebrows about whether GOOG really knows what it s doing in the area.

By no accounts is Google Express a game changer for the company or GOOG stock, as 90% of the company s revenue still comes from online advertising.

So why not just throw in the towel and concede that same-day delivery will never be the crux of Alphabet s business?

The answer is that Alphabet actually needs Google Express desperately. Not because the service in and of itself is vital, but because it defends Google s current grip on online advertising.

Google Needs e-Commerce to Bolster Advertising

I don t know if you ve heard, but Amazon.com (AMZN) is known for being somewhat of a company-killer. It basically single-handedly put Borders and Circuit City out of business, and many small businesses have also been disrupted by Amazon s deadly grasp on the market.

So the fact that AMZN is going head-to-head with Alphabet (and somewhat tangentially with Uber) in the delivery business shouldn t be taken lightly. As for Alphabet, here s what I noted a few weeks ago:

 Alphabet is also getting into same-day and overnight delivery with Google Express, meant to combat the e-commerce dominance and compelling offerings of Amazon Prime. GOOG is even planning on getting into the grocery delivery market later this year   a market Amazon has already ventured into. 

In short, the reason that Alphabet so desperately needs Google Express is Amazon itself. You may not think of AMZN and GOOG as direct competitors, but I assure you the folks in Mountain View, California feel differently.

You see, every time an online shopper starts their search on Amazon.com   instead of Google   GOOG is missing out on some serious advertising coin.

Product searches are inevitably some of the more lucrative search queries for Google, since retailers that sell said products are more than willing to advertise against search queries that clearly amount to qualified, interested consumers of its products.

The thinking is that if Google itself can become an e-commerce destination   something that services like Google Express could help jump-start   then some of this Amazon bleed would come back GOOG s way.

Bottom Line on GOOG Stock

Given the recent spate of executive departures, it looks like Google Express is having more difficulties than people might imagine. It might also simply be coincidence, but you d think execs would stick around for a bit longer if the service was thriving.

If the service ultimately fails, that may mean GOOG s e-commerce plans go kaput as well. And unless Google diversifies away from its dependence on advertising sometime soon, that would be a crippling blow to one of tech s largest companies.

I don t think investors should read too deeply into the news here   but it s definitely something GOOG stock holders will want to keep an eye on.

As of this writing, John Divine did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace 
2015-07-12
Google's Test Carpooling App Has Data Analytics Potential  
2015-06-12
CNIL Wrath Brings Out Google Inc. (GOOGL) Skeptics puts are in high demand, after French privacy regulator CNIL called on the company to expand the "right to be forgotten" rule globally -- or face sanctions. Specifically, the contracts are being exchanged at 1.8 times the usual morning rate, with plenty of eleventh-hour traders getting in the mix.Four of GOOGL's five most active options expire at today's close. In the lead is the weekly 6/12 550-strike call, which traders may be selling to open in hopes the stock settles below $550 tonight. The weekly 6/12 545-strike put is also in focus, and may be seeing some buy-to-open activity -- as speculators bank on the underlying to close the session south of $545.Speaking of put buying , the strategy has been popular in recent weeks at the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX). Specifically, GOOGL's 10-day put/call volume ratio across those exchanges is 0.78 -- just 2 percentage points from an annual high. Now is a good time to buy premium on the stock's short-term options, too, considering its Schaeffer's Volatility Index (SVI) rests at a 52-week low of 15%.Technically speaking, Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is off 0.5% this morning at $547.06, and has lost 6.4% since its late-April high of $584.70. Off the charts, it's been reported BlackBerry Ltd (NASDAQ:BBRY) may use GOOGL's Android operating system in a future smartphone. Google Brings Sidewalk Labs to Make Life in the Cities Easier Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. 
2015-09-01
Google's new logo: This is what it looks like, how it's evolved over the years Google has changed a lot in recent weeks.

Earlier this month, in a sweeping overhaul of how one of the world's most powerful technology companies operates, Google created a new publicly-traded parent company called Alphabet to house its different businesses. Google, for instance, is now a subsidiary of Alphabet, and Sundar Pichai leads as Google's new CEO. Meanwhile, Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin said they would run Alphabet.

As if that wasn't enough upheaval for one summer, Google has changed things again. The 17-year-old company realised it went from a search engine accessed by users on a desktop PC to a giant that offers several products, including Gmail and YouTube, which are available across different platforms and devices, such as phones, TVs, watches, dashboards, etc.

So, in an attempt to reflect the new Google, which is a subsidiary of Alphabet but still a company that includes core products like Search, Maps, Gmail, and Chrome, Google has updated its logo: "We think we ve taken the best of Google (simple, uncluttered, colorful, friendly), and recast it not just for the Google of today, but for the Google of the future," explained Google in a post.

The last Google logo had been in affect since 2013. It was a colourful serif logo with a more two-dimensional design. It apparently underwent a very slight change last year, though Creative Bloq claimed that change was  all but invisible to everyone but typesetting enthusiasts.  The new logo, which is rolling out across all Google products soon, is san-serif and appears child-like.

The logo looks almost like it's a grouping of magnetised alphabet letters you'd find haphazardly stuck on a fridge. Perhaps that's what Google intended, considering its parent company is called Alphabet. Apart from the main stamp, which you'll see displayed on Google.com and on other products, Google has ditched the blue "G" icon in favour of an updated, colourful one.

The new "G" icon has four colours and is meant to match the redesigned Google logo. Google posted a video - available above - to celebrate its new branding and to help you better understand how the company's look has evolved. If you'd like an even larger dose of nostalgia, we've rounded up every Google logo over the last two decades and included them in the gallery above.

Oh, and if you want to see different Google Doodles from over the years, Google keeps an archive here of every doodle it has used. Let us know in the comments what you think of Google's revamped look. Google Inc. Is Finally Loosening Its Iron Grip on Android Android is an open-source and mostly free-to-use mobile operating system, but if a manufacturer wants all the benefits of the Android ecosystem, it has to play by Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) rules. If a smartphone maker wants to take advantage of the Google Play store and the APIs Google built, it has to install as many as 20 Google apps -- take it or leave it.

This agreement puts manufacturers such as Samsung ata disadvantage in establishing their own services or providing a unique user experience to differentiate their products. But with the upcoming release of its Galaxy Note 5 and Galaxy S6 Edge Plus, Samsung is getting somewhat of a reprieve. Google will no longer require manufacturers to pre-install mostly unused apps, including Google+ and Google Newsstand. Altogether, Google lowered the requirements by six apps.

Why is Google doing this?

Google isn't doing this just to be nice to smartphone OEMs and Android users. It's a business, and it does what's best for business.

Earlier this year, the European Commission opened an antitrust investigation into Google's Android policy. That's something I and others warned could happen after it increased the number of apps it required manufacturers to pre-install.

At the heart of the antitrust allegations is the argument that Google's pre-installed apps inhibit competing services from being successful. Control of the API means that Google also controls how apps interact with each other. So, for example, clicking on an address automatically opens Google Maps instead of a user's preferred maps app.

Of course, Apple is no different in this regard. It continues to load more pre-installed apps with each iOS release, and users are unable to delete them. It also opens up its first-party apps for things such as mapping and reminders. But the big difference is that Cupertino doesn't force other manufacturers to install its apps, nor does it control 80% of the smartphone market.

Google's actions have made it impossible for a smartphone OEM to significantly differentiate itself. Developing a new mobile OS is easy enough, but developing an ecosystem of apps and users is tremendously difficult because of walled access to Google's APIs, which allow apps to send push notifications and interact with other apps.

The reduced number of pre-installed apps, and thus the reduced screen real estate they require, may be a peace offering from Google,a pre-emptive action taken to quell the response of the European Commission.

Another reason to reduce bloat

Google is in the midst of making a big push into emerging markets such as India. The company faces significant competition in India from smartphone OEMs that have chosen to abandon Google for alternative OSes. Those manufacturers include Xiaomi and OnePlus, which both entered India late last year, and native Micromax.

To compete, Google launched its Android One initiative to develop smartphones that retail for around $100. The phones run stock versions of Android, with very little customization from manufacturers. These low-end phones don't have the specs to run all of Google's apps, so reducing bloatware will allow for a better user experience.

The same is true for manufacturers looking to go the traditional Android route in other markets. To keep costs down, they need to reduce the amount of bloat pre-installed on the device. Otherwise, the user experience suffers and nobody buys the phone.

Reducing the amount of pre-installed apps on Android may be a test to spur adoption of Android in emerging markets.

While Android still dominates the smartphone market, it's losing market share to Apple and Microsoft. The most recent IDC survey found Android's share of the market fell to 78% in the first quarter, down from 81.2% in the year-ago period. Those numbers include the versions of Android that don't use Google's apps, so Google's share of the market is even lower. Regaining control in emerging markets could help get it back on track.

Loosening the iron grip

Manufacturers and consumers should be happy with Google's decision to reduce the number of required pre-installed apps on Android. But investors should note the reasons Google decided to take that action.

On the face of it, more apps equal more opportunities to advertise. But when you dig into the details, the huge number of apps could be doing more harm than good. We'll see how Google's decision affects Android adoption going forward. Big Tech Ideas for the Future Wells Fargo CFO Says Scandal Costs Will Abate This Year

47:31 - Wells Fargo CFO John Shrewsberry discusses the company's first-quarter earnings and the fallout from the bank's fake-account scandal. He speaks with Bloomberg's Julie Hyman, Joe Weisenthal and Abigail Doolittle on "What'd You Miss?" (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-02-25
How Google gets to my $2000 price target Cody Willard writes the Revolution Investing newsletter for MarketWatch and is chairman of social website Scutify.com , a community of investors and traders. He's also publisher of TradingWithCody.com , where he posts the trades from his personal account, and is the principal of CL Willard Capital. Willard has been a TV anchor on Fox Business and a Wall Street correspondent for the Tonight Show with Jay Leno. Follow Cody on Twitter @codywillard and Scutify .

Though Google's been in a bit of a funk for the last year, and it's one of the few mega-cap tech stocks that isn't near its all-time highs right now, I still plan to own it for a very long time. But the near-term Google stock funk continues, as I'd outlined a few weeks ago:

"Remember when the markets were at all-time highs, like, every day in 2013 while Apple's stock muddled along at the bottom and was making what seemed like endless new 52-week lows? I think Google's stock in 2015 might be similarly short-term depressed like Apple was in 2013, but that at some point, it'll make new all-time highs and head on to $1,000/share by 2020 as I've long predicted."

And Google's GOOG, -0.09% 2015 has been less than stellar so far, up 3% vs Apple's AAPL, -0.53% up 18% year-to-date move.

I've been a long-time shareholder and vocal bull on Google. Indeed, I scaled into a little bit more Google stock when it dropped below $500 a share a few weeks ago, and it's one of my largest positions, as it has been since the day it came public. Here's a quote from yours truly from back in 2006 debating Google's stock with Henry Blodget and others as I explain why I planned to own GOOG stock for a very long time:

"I have no idea if Google bottomed last week or not. I've owned Google forever, and while I do trade around a core position, I really plan to own Google for a several years yet. I'll certainly strive to be flexible, and if/when the fundamental story shifts, changes or otherwise falls apart, I'll then look to sell. Whether Google falls below $338 in the near term or not, doesn't factor into my analysis."

Split-adjusted since Google split into two stocks, that price back in 2006 was $169 per share vs the current quote for the GOOG and GOOGL shares in the $530s.

Fast-forward to 2010, and I wrote a widely-panned article called "Deal with it: Google's going to $2000." Again, accounting for 2013's stock split, which gave Google shareholders one share of Class A and Class C shares each, my $2000 price target for Google shares is now $1000. While I put a 2015 timeline on the $1000-per-share price target for Apple that I updated in an article Tuesday, I put a 2020 on my price target for Google in the column mentioned above.

The upshot of all of this is that Google needs to rally 80% more from its current levels here in 2015 by 2020 to get to my price target. I think the $2000 by 2020 prediction, while outrageous at the time, is now probably conservative. As Android becomes an ever bigger force in wearables, car dashboards, smartwatches and other still-unthought-of form factors, Google's likely to see some high-margin benefits from being the gatekeeper of much of the world's digital lives. As I'd explained it would be back in that 2006 debate for the FT:

"The Internet is driving us toward a golden age of content consumerism, in which we have access to any and all content, from the written word of Hugo to the recorded song of McCartney to the silent film of Chaplin and from all kinds of devices, from TV to projector to iPod to computer screen. And Google's plan is to be the de facto gatekeeper."

So, what am I doing with my Google stock right now and into the future? I scaled into a little bit more of the GOOG Class C stock when it dropped below $500 a share a few weeks ago, and it's one of my largest positions, as it has been since the day it came public. I plan to own Google for at least another five to 10 years, and as long as they continue to execute, grow and revolutionize the world. I consider them a Revolution Investment, as I have since the day they came public and I bought the stock the first time.

Disclosure: Willard is long GOOG, GOOGL, AAPL. Why Analysts Are Defending HP After Huge Earnings Drop Hewlett-Packard Co. (NYSE: HPQ) announced its fiscal first-quarter financial results Tuesday after the markets closed. After the lackluster report, analysts weighed in on this tech giant and gave their two cents.

The financials came in at $0.92 in earnings per share (EPS) on $26.8 billion in revenue, which compared to Thomson Reuters consensus estimates of $0.91 EPS and $27.34 billion in revenue. The first quarter from the previous year had EPS of $0.90 and revenue of $28.15 billion.

In the fiscal second quarter, HP expects EPS in a range of $0.84 to $0.88. There is expected to be a $0.09 per share drop due to currency exchange rates in the second quarter. Consensus estimates call for $0.96 in EPS and $26.78 billion in revenue for the second quarter.

Credit Suisse maintained an Outperform rating for HP but lowered its price target to $45 from $50, as well as lowering its EPS estimates. The magnitude of the reset is disappointing, but the firm believes that this is one-time in nature and the current weakness creates a great buying opportunity.

According to Credit Suisse s report:

For fiscal first quarter of 2015, HP posted results essentially in line with estimates though revenues were light at $26.8 billion and the results were overshadowed by the reset to EPS. We note that the company attributed the weakness to currency. We lower our EPS to $3.63 from $3.98 fiscal 2015 and $3.81 from $4.20 in fiscal 2016 to reflect this headwind.

Currency played a big role in HP s missed revenues. The company noted a $0.09 hit from currency in next quarter and $0.30 for the 2015 fiscal year, given that the company has 65% of its revenue exposure outside the United States. Credit Suisse believes this currency hit also will be a one-time instance.

ALSO READ: 5 Top Technology Buyout Candidates

Free cash flow (FCF) will be lower by 50% this year at $4 billion, considering separation costs, separation capital expenditures and foreign taxes, all of which will lower FCF by $3 billion.

S&P Capital IQ maintained a strong Buy recommendation for HP and cut its target price to $42 from $44. The firm cut earnings estimates to $3.63 from $3.96 per share for the 2015 fiscal year and to $3.80 from $4.15 per share for the 2016 fiscal year. S&P Capital detailed in its report:

HPQ posts Jan-Q operating EPS of $0.92 vs. $0.90, beating our $0.91 estimate. Sales fell 5%, below expectations, driven by lower printing and enterprise services revenue. The operating margin widened, aided by cost reductions. Despite the lower outlook largely due to forex headwinds ($0.30 impact in FY 15), we think turnaround efforts remains intact and see valuation as attractive ahead of its pending separation.

Merrill Lynch noted the negative impact of foreign exchange and maintained a Buy rating, while lowering its price objective to $45 from $47. The firm also lowered its 2015 fiscal year estimates to $3.66 from $3.94 EPS and $106.3 billion in revenue from $108.9 billion. The firm maintains that it is still attractive to own the stock before the split as the enterprise value of the separate companies added together is worth more than the combined enterprise.

The real question is whether the fundamentals of the company have changed dramatically. According to Wells Fargo, things have not changed that much in terms of fundamentals at HP. While there was some upside and downside variances across the different segments relative to Wells Fargo s forecasts, the answer, in the firm s opinion, is no.

ALSO READ: 5 Tech Stocks to Buy With Exposure Outside the U.S.

Wells Fargo lowered its 2015 fiscal year earnings estimate to $3.71 from $3.97 per share and its 2016 fiscal year EPS estimate to $3.85 from $4.16. The firm lowered its valuation range to $43.00 to $47.00 from $46.00 to $49.00.

Shares of HP were down about 10% at $34.71 in the first two hours of Wednesday s trading. The stock has a consensus analyst price target of $42 and a 52-week trading range of $28.75 to $41.10. 
2015-10-13
Alphabet Inc: Make a Bullish Bet in GOOGL Stock The stock market s recent two-week rally has left some stocks highly overbought for the near-term, but it also validated a potentially bullish pattern in others.

The price chart of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL), for example, now looks giddy to break higher after a two-week lift   and with earnings around the corner, it has a well-defined toggle date for this breakout to either take place or not.

While the S&P 500 remains lower by about 2% year-to-date, GOOGL stock is vastly outperforming the broader equity indices with a 27% gain. With relative strength like that, Alphabet Inc may be another prime candidate for the annual year-end performance chasing ritual carried out by underperforming fund managers.

GOOGL Stock Charts

A glance at the multiyear weekly chart of GOOGL stock shows that after a multiyear rise, it slipped into a consolidation phase in early 2014   one that built a nice technical base. Ultimately, the stock broke out of this base to the upside after the July earnings report, and as a few high-beta darling stocks screamed higher before getting tagged (along with the broader market) with a nasty selloff in late August.

On the chart, however, we see that while GOOGL stock too fell off its highs in August, it held well above its July breakout point and has since built another higher base/consolidation formation that it could push higher from in the near future.



Click to Enlarge

On the daily chart, we see that the post-earnings up-gap in July was filled during the August drop, which also served well as a backtest of the breakout point, and it looks constructive through a multimonth lens.

Alphabet s price action has since formed a higher low in late September, and in fact the entire price action since the July highs has taken a  W  shape   what we refer to in technical analysis as an inverse head-and-shoulders pattern. A classic measure of this pattern calls for a price target in the high $700s, which for all I know the stock could rally toward quickly after next week s earnings report (slated for the close on Oct. 22).



Click to Enlarge

From my perspective, active investors now could consider one of two ways to approach a bullish posture in GOOGL stock:

Build up a small long position in Alphabet Inc via GOOGL stock or via options heading into the earnings report. If Alphabet rallies after earnings, great. If it falls, the damage should be moderate considering the small size of the trade. If the stock falls and holds the $600 area, it would technically remain in a bullish pose that could still see it lift higher into year-end.

More conservative traders could wait until after the earnings report and see if the stock follows through higher. The risk there is that GOOGL stock runs away quickly, but with an ultimate price target in the high $700s, there still may be plenty of room to buy the stock.

Like what you see? Sign up for our daily Beat the Bell e-letter and get investment advice delivered to your inbox every morning!

Successful trading and investing starts with a plan. Download Serge s essential trading plan, The Essence of Swing Trading e-book. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace 
2015-04-06
UN: Conditions in Refugee Camp in Damascus Are Inhumane Sporadic clashes and shelling hit a refugee camp of Palestinians under besiege by Islamic extremists in Damascus the capital of Syria on Monday. The situation taking place in the refugee camp has been described by a UN officials as being beyond inhumane.

Activist Hatem al-Dimashqi, who is based just to the south of Damascus, announced on Monday that the Yarmouk camp had been under attack. Both al-Dimashqi as well as Syrian Observatory of Human Rights based in London said the air force from Syria s government had dropped a number of barrel bombs on this camp since early Sunday.

On Wednesday, militants from Islamic State stormed the refugee camp making the group s deepest inroad to date into Syria s capital. Palestinian officials as well as activists said they had been working with Nusra Front the rival affiliated to al-Qaeda.

The two militant groups have fought battles against one another in other areas of Syria but it appears in Damascus they are cooperating when it comes to attacking Yarmouk. Nusra said it was taking a neutral stance inside the refugee camp.

A spokesperson for an agency of the UN that supports the refugees known as UNRWA, Chris Gunness said in Barcelona that late on Sunday the agency could not send any convoys or food to the camp since the start of the fighting.

He said that means the camp does not have any food or water and little medicines. Gunness called it beyond inhumane.

He said people were in their homes, while fighting raged in the street and word is there has been bombings as well. Only 93 people to date have been able to evacuate the camp.

The UN said that close to 18,000 civilians, which includes a large quantity of children, are trapped in Yarmouk. Officials said the camp has been under siege of the government for close to two years, which leads to illnesses and starvation.

The camp has also been witness to a number of rounds of deadly fighting taking place between militants and government forces.

Gunness said Yarmouk has been effectively under siege for close to two years. He called things bad but are far worse since fighting engulfed the area. 
2015-10-31
Why Alphabet Inc.'s Cost-per-Click Rates Just Don't Matter Based on its over-7% stock price jump following Q3 earnings news announced on Oct, 22, it's safe to say most investors were fairly happy with the now-named Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) third-quarter financial results. Even with its massive size, Alphabet still improved revenue double-digits last quarter to $18.7 billion.

A key aspect of Alphabet's Q3, per CFO Ruth Porat, was its marked improvement in mobile-related ad sales. Enhanced mobile efforts were particularly good to hear given Alphabet's much-discussed problems with its continually dropping cost-per-click (CPC) rates. Marketers are loathe to pay the same fees for mobile spots as they are desktop ones, which negatively impacts Alphabet's CPC rate. Based on some new research, along with Alphabet's ongoing improvements in its CPC-specific results, it appears its "problems" will soon go by the wayside.

How bad was it, really?

On an aggregate basis -- which is the combined CPC rates of both Alphabet-owned websites along with its network members -- last quarter's 11% decline in click fees could have been viewed as the continuance of a disturbing trend. But Alphabet's focus on mobile-friendly search and its dominant market share more than made up for the CPC rate drop.

In the U.S., Alphabet owns nearly two-thirds of the desktop search market, and globally smartphones are quickly becoming nearly as popular to conduct online search queries, which helps to explain why last quarter's CPC rates were of little concern. A 23% jump in the number of paid clicks Alphabet enjoyed last quarter more than made up for declining fees, and investors can expect more of the same in Q4.

To put Alphabet's search dominance into perspective, second-place Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) is making strides in turning around its Bing search unit, and was quick to point out that it now commands over 20% of the U.S. market. Bing's 29% jump in ad sales in fiscal 2016's Q1 was also a feather in Microsoft's search cap. And based on a recent survey conducted with U.S. marketers, both search giants can expect more growth this year and beyond.

Survey says

With the advent of video spots, search-based text ads don't have the same panache as they once did, but that doesn't mean marketers aren't enamored with the tried-and-true spots. In fact, the vast majority of the folks responsible for their company's advertising budgets not only like click ads, they intend on spending even more this year than they did in 2014.

As per research from Hanapin Marketing, just shy of 80% of the marketing pros asked said their pay-per-click (PPC) campaigns performed "really good" so far this year, and an impressive 60% responded that the spots were more successful this year than 2014. Leading the good tidings among U.S. marketers were text ads, like Alphabet's search alternatives.

Naturally, when marketers are seeing a return on their investment -- as they clearly are from their satisfaction around PPC ad results -- you can bet that will continue. As it happens, nearly 75% of the marketing pros asked plan to increase spending on Alphabet's AdWords platform, and 60% said they intend to invest more in Bing ads in the coming year.

As Alphabet demonstrated last quarter, and recent data strongly supports, CPC rates mean little in the overall scheme of things. As long as Alphabet, and Microsoft's Bing for that matter, continue to grow the number of paid clicks, search ad revenue will climb despite the fees spent on each, individual spot. Based on the overwhelmingly positive feedback from marketers, click-related ad sales have a bright future: just as Alphabet shareholders do. Alphabet Inc. - the new billionaires' club When Google restructured this year to create Alphabet as its new parent company, it drew praise from investors and analysts.

The move brought some clarity to a behemoth that had too many disparate enterprises in one Google basket.

Some likened the new organization to that of Warren Buffett s Berkshire Hathaway.

Alphabet and Berkshire Hathaway have something else in common. They each have five billionaires on their board, more than any other public companies.

The billionaires at Alphabet include Google co-founders Larry Page and

Sergey Brin, company chairman Eric Schmidt and investors L. John Doerr and

K. Ram Shriram.

The interactive Muckety map above shows Alphabet s richest board members. Berkshire Hathaway s appear in the map below.

Click here to sign up for the Muckety Newsletter

Related stories on Muckety 
2015-06-11
Twitter's Dick Costolo to step down as CEO in yet another shake-up Twitter CEO Dick Costolo is interviewed before the Twitter Inc. IPO on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York, November 7, 2013. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson

Twitter CEO Dick Costolo poses on the red carpet during the second annual Breakthrough Prize Awards at the NASA Ames Research Center in Mountain View, California in this November 9, 2014 file photo. REUTERS/Stephen Lam/Files

SAN FRANCISCO Twitter Inc Chief Executive Officer Dick Costolo abruptly announced he was stepping down on Thursday amid increasing scrutiny of the company's slow user growth and inability to attract advertisers at the same rate as its competitors.

Costolo will be replaced by co-founder Jack Dorsey on an interim basis.

According to a source familiar with the matter, it was Costolo's decision to leave, and Costolo said he brought it up with the board last year as it began talking about succession planning.

Twitter has had a number of shake-ups in its management. Co-founders Jack Dorsey and Evan Williams both served as CEOs of the company before Costolo, and Costolo has overhauled much of his management team over the past year.

"Unfortunately this news isn't surprising," said Nate Elliott of management consultant Forrester Research. "The bottom line is that Twitter isn't very good right now at serving either its users or its marketers."

Costolo said on a conference call that Twitter will consider both internal and external candidates for its next CEO and that it has the "strongest management team (it's) ever had," which influenced his decision to step down. In a statement earlier he said he was "tremendously proud" of his six years at Twitter.

In an interview with Reuters, Dorsey said he was not thinking "at all" about remaining CEO permanently because the search has just begun but did not rule out the job. He also said he did not anticipate any change in Twitter's strategy or direction. Although he was ousted by management in 2008, Dorsey said that he is now surrounded by a strong executive team and had learned from his experience running Square Inc.

Dorsey said the CEO search has not begun, but he noted the company was looking for a CEO who uses Twitter every day and "loves" the product.

Dorsey continues as CEO of Square. He had served as Twitter's president and CEO from May 2007 to October 2008.

Wall Street reacted positively to the news, as Twitter shares rose to $37.17, up 3.6 percent, after the announcement, meaning investors thought Twitter was worth $900 million more without Costolo than with him.

Costolo will step down on July 1 and will continue to serve on the board, the company said in a regulatory filing.

Anthony Noto, Twitter's chief financial officer, said Costolo did not receive a severance package because he voluntarily stepped down.

Costolo has agreed to cancel all of his remaining unvested equity in Twitter after July 1.

TWITTER'S STRUGGLES

Twitter has long struggled to gain users at the rate of other social media companies, such as Facebook Inc Instagram and Snapchat.

"Twitter has never been great at giving its users reasons to come back. While other social sites have introduced new features and functionality the past few years, Twitter has mostly stood still. The result has been excruciatingly slow user growth," Forrester's Elliott said.

Data firm eMarketer projects that Twitter's monthly user base will grow at 14.1 percent this year, compared to more than 30 percent two years ago. (link.reuters.com/neb98v)

Twitter owned 1.6 percent of the $50.7 billion U.S. digital advertising market in 2014 compared with 1 percent in 2013, according to eMarketer. That pales in comparison to Facebook, which increased its share from 7.6 percent in 2013 to 10.4 percent the following year.

Twitter's stock has also lagged some of its peers since its closing price after its first day of trading. Since Nov. 7, 2013, it has dropped 20 percent, compared to a 72 percent increase for Facebook, 9 percent increase for Google and 27 percent increase for Yahoo. (link.reuters.com/neb98v)

Chris Sacca, one of Twitter's earliest investors, posted an 8,500-word manifesto earlier this month calling on the company to better engage its users.

He simultaneously praised the company's strong acquisitions of Periscope and TellApart, but Sacca pointed out that one billion users had tried Twitter and left the service.

In a recent CNBC interview, Sacca said that Twitter would be an "instant fit" for Google if it were to acquire the microblogging service.

In a tweet Thursday, Sacca wrote, "In under five years as CEO, @dickc grew Twitter from a $3b valuation to a $23b valuation. Credit where credit is due."

Twitter reaffirmed its outlook for the second quarter of 2015, expecting revenue of $470 million to $485 million and adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) of $97 million to $102 million.

The company disappointed investors in its first quarter results when it reported that its number of monthly average users was growing at a slower pace than Wall Street s expectations.

(Additional reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru and Julia Love in San Francisco; Writing by Bernard Orr) Exclusive: BlackBerry may put Android system on new device: sources TORONTO BlackBerry (BB.TO) is considering equipping an upcoming smartphone with Google Inc.'s (GOOGL.O) Android software for the first time, an acknowledgement that its revamped line of devices has failed to win mass appeal, according to four sources familiar with the matter.

The move would be an about-face for the Waterloo, Ontario-based company, which had shunned Android in a bet that its BlackBerry 10 line of phones would be able to claw back market share lost to Apple's (AAPL.O) iPhone and a slew of devices powered by Android.

The sources, who asked not to be named as they have not been authorized to discuss the matter publicly, said the move to use Android is part of BlackBerry's strategy to pivot to focus on software and device management. BlackBerry, which once dominated smartphone sales, now has a market share of less than 1 percent.

It is not clear whether a move to use Android would spell the end of the company's BlackBerry 10 line of devices that were initially launched to much fanfare in early 2013. After positive early reviews, the late-to-launch BlackBerry devices haven't competed well with Android or Apple, mainly due to a lack of big name apps.

"We don't comment on rumors and speculation, but we remain committed to the BlackBerry 10 operating system, which provides security and productivity benefits that are unmatched," said the company in an email.

A Google spokeswoman declined to comment.

BlackBerry Chief Executive John Chen is banking on the company's new device management system, BES12, that allows corporate and government clients to not only manage BlackBerry devices on their internal networks, but also devices powered by Android, Apple's iOS platform and Microsoft Corp's (MSFT.O) Windows operating system.

One of the hurdles it faces in that transformation is convincing big customers that its device management software works across many different platforms.

Two sources said that by launching an Android-based device of its own, BlackBerry would be sending a signal to skeptics that it is confident that the BES12 system can not only manage, but also secure smartphones and tablets powered by rival operating systems.

BlackBerry will probably use Android on an upcoming slider device that is likely to be released this autumn, two sources said. The slider will combine a touch screen with a physical keyboard that users can use if they prefer.

BlackBerry briefly showed off the slider device on stage at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona in March, but it has provided little detail on it since then.

By making an Android device that boasts a large touchscreen and a physical keyboard, BlackBerry hopes to snag a niche in the touchscreen-dominated Android market. The device may attract those still using older BlackBerry keyboard handhelds but who want access to the larger app options Android offers.

HARDWARE CONUNDRUM

Two sources said that if BlackBerry moves forward on a plan to launch an Android device, it could come with some of the patented features in its BlackBerry 10 operating system.

In March, BlackBerry announced that it planned to deliver its patented security, productivity and communication tools to any mobile device running iOS, Android or Windows.

The company, which a while ago opened its popular BlackBerry Messaging app to those using rival operating systems, has said it plans to offer more in-house features on rival devices, including BlackBerry Hub and the predictive text capabilities of its virtual keyboard.

Chen in March said the company was still committed to its own devices business.

Since that time however, BlackBerry has cut headcount in its hardware unit even further. The company, which at a 2011 peak employed 17,500 people and in February was down to 6,225, said last month that it was making further cuts on the device side, without providing any numbers.

(Additional reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb. Editing by Amran Abocar and John Pickering.) Mega African trade bloc paves way for continental commerce JOHANNESBURG A $1.2 trillion free-trade area stretching across 26 African countries from Cape Town to Cairo is a stepping stone to uniting the poorest continent as one commercial bloc within the next two years, Africa's top trade official said on Thursday.

The Tripartite Free Trade Agreement (TFTA) was signed into effect in Cairo this week, amalgamating three of Africa's main trading blocs: the Southern African Development Community (SADC), the East African Community (EAC) and the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA).

As well as simplifying Africa's alphabet soup of overlapping trade zones, the TFTA should boost woefully low levels of intra-regional trade, key to the continent's economic well-being, African Union trade commissioner Fatima Haram Acyl said.

At the moment, trade between African nations accounts for around 10 percent of the 54-nation continent's total commerce, a ratio that has been in gradual decline over the past decade and which compares unfavorably to 25 percent in southeast Asia.

Enforcing tariff cuts could take five years or more but Acyl said the success of Africa's deepest free-trade zone - the EAC of Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda and Burundi - suggested the local share of total trade could double in a decade.

"Just removing the trade barriers should increase it to 22 percent," Acyl, a Chadian, told Reuters at an African Union summit in Johannesburg. "East Africa has been able to do it."

The TFTA does not include Nigeria, Africa's biggest economy after revisions to its GDP calculations last year, but the inclusion of heavyweights South Africa, Egypt, Angola and Kenya mean it accounts for 60 percent of continental output.

Negotiations to broaden the new bloc to incorporate west Africa, where the major economies besides Nigeria are Ghana and Ivory Coast, open on June 15 and are expected to wrap up within two years, Acyl said.

That timeline depends on negotiators learning lessons from the pitfalls encountered during the seven years of TFTA talks, she added.

"It's ambitious but we're not building from zero," she said.

Few question the economic power of freer trade but skeptics say improving Africa's infrastructure - there is no tarred road leading from Egypt to sub-Saharan Africa, for instance - might make a bigger difference.

African trade also remains centered on the three countries that have an appreciable manufacturing base - South Africa, Kenya and Egypt - and it is hard to see the TFTA breaking down those structures.

There is even a possibility the TFTA will create another layer of confusion for businesses already contemplating a continent with eight regional trading zones.

However as a statement of political intent, analysts said it was a welcome, long-term force for good.

"Even a marginal increase in cross-border trade could make a difference for small isolated economies," said Capital Economics analyst John Ashbourne. "And it will provide a real boost to AU efforts to build a continent-wide economic community."

(Editing by Alison Williams) 
2015-01-26
What To Expect From Google's Earnings Report  Lenovo's Motorola looks to take market share from China rivals A woman takes a picture in front of a Motorola logo before the worldwide presentation of the Moto G mobile phone in Sao Paulo November 13, 2013. REUTERS/Nacho Doce

BEIJING Motorola, the mobile handset maker bought by China's Lenovo Group Ltd (0992.HK) from Google Inc (GOOGL.O) for $2.9 billion, is optimistic about its prospects in the Chinese market, its president told Reuters.

Lenovo's acquisition, completed three months ago, ended Google's move into the consumer mobile handset business. The deal has turned personal computer-maker Lenovo into a challenger in the higher-end smartphone market, competing with Samsung Electronics (005930.KS) and Apple Inc (AAPL.O).

"The (Chinese) market itself is so big here and Motorola has no share today, so we believe that what we re really going to succeed in doing is hopefully take some share from other people in the market," Rick Osterloh, President of Motorola Mobility told Reuters.

Motorola will compete in China with Apple and Samsung in the premium smartphone market and with the world's third biggest smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc [XTC.UL] in mid- and mid-high level phones. Lenovo is already the number two smartphone maker in China.

"Our approach is to have global products tailored and customised for local markets," Motorola's Osterloh said. Motorola will also stick to relatively high-end products, he said.

Bryan Ma, a Singapore-based analyst at tech research firm IDC, said Motorola might test the waters with smartphones designed for the Americas, but in the next 12-24 months they could announce more localised products.

"They're trying to introduce themselves to a new group of friends and trying to establish street cred," Ma said. "What they have in their pockets is assets from the U.S."

"The good thing is Lenovo has enough of a strong cash position and local channel presence that they can bankroll Motorola in the country for while," Ma said.

($1 = 6.2535 Chinese yuan renminbi)

(Editing by Jane Merriman) 
2015-12-18
Amazon, Alphabet pegged as next Dow additions after Apple Getty Images Is the Dow ready for Bezos?

Apple Inc. was a breath of fresh air for the Dow Jones Industrial Average when it was added earlier this year, but market participants argue there s still work to be done to improve the index s relevancy in today s marketplace. And some say Alphabet Inc. or Amazon.com Inc. should be added next.

Alphabet GOOGL, -0.15% GOOG, -0.09% the parent of Google, would join technology stalwarts Apple AAPL, -0.53% International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.66% Intel Corp. INTC, -1.07% and Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.61% , as the tech makeup of index currently stands.

Amazon.com   a consumer discretionary company, according to the Global Industry Classification Standard (or GICS)   would join the likes of Nike Inc. NKE, -0.41% Walt Disney Co. DIS, +0.14% McDonald s Corp. MCD, -0.38% and Home Depot Inc. HD, -0.43%

 I think it s about time,  said Fari Hamzei, a futures trend trader who operates Hamzei Analytics, a provider of market data and trading advisory products.  I would like to see Google and Amazon added. 

Alphabet s current market capitalization of $522.4 billion would make it the second biggest company in the Dow, behind Apple, while Amazon s AMZN, -1.29% market cap of $314.4 billion would make it the fourth largest. The median valuation of the current Dow 30 companies is roughly $156 billion.

If Hamzei had to pick a few companies to get the boot to make room for those two, he would stick with the Dow s lesser-valued companies, such as Travelers Companies Inc. TRV, -0.77% which has the smallest market cap of the Dow components at $34.4 billion.

 We should reflect the new economy   where we re heading,  Hamzei said.

Top 10 companies in the S&P 500 by market capitalization Company Market Cap In the Dow 30? Apple $616 billion Yes Alphabet $517 billion No Microsoft $440.9 billion Yes Berkshire Hathaway $332.6 billion No Exxon Mobil $330.7 billion Yes Amazon.com $308.7 billion No General Electric $306.5 billion Yes Johnson & Johnson $288.1 billion Yes Wells Fargo $280.5 billion No J.P. Morgan Chase $243.3 billion Yes FactSet as of Dec. 16

By that argument, the first tech companies to go if the Dow selection committee had to make room for Google would be IBM, valued at about $133 billion, and/or Cisco, valued at $136 billion. The value of the Dow s other tech components are much higher, with Apple at $608 billion, Microsoft at $445 billion, Visa Inc. V, +0.21% at $191 billion and Intel at $165 billion.

If Cisco and IBM were  important,  in that they met the S&P Dow Jones Indices  requirements of having an  excellent reputation  and demonstration of  sustained growth,  the market would have  put a higher price  on their stocks, said Hamzei. Their small-by-comparison valuations indicate subpar performance, he said, which makes them less reflective of the market as a whole.

Shares of Alphabet and Amazon.com both hit record highs in 2015. They also meet nearly all the published criteria for Dow inclusion, which, in addition to possessing a strong reputation and growth, also includes high interest from investors and an incorporation and robust sales presence in the U.S.

The one big hurdle they face is stock price. Since the Dow is a price-weighted index, their current high stock prices would give Alphabet and Amazon undue influence on the price of the index, and therefore misrepresent their respective sectors.

And while S&P Dow Jones Indices says it doesn t base its selection policies based on stock price and other  quantitative  measures, it does emphasize the importance of maintaining  adequate sector representation  within the index.

Sector weights: Dow Jones Industrial Average vs. S&P 500 Global Industry Classification Standard (GICS) sector Sector weight within the Dow* Sector weight within the S&P 500** Industrials 18.9% 10.1% Consumer discretionary 18.6% 13.1% Information Technology 17% 20.9% Financials 16.2% 16.6% Health care 11.7% 14.6% Consumer staples 6.9% 9.6% Energy 6.2% 7.1% Materials 2.7% 2.9% Telecommunication services 1.7% 2.3% Utilities N/A 2.9% *As calculated by State Street Global Advisors **As calculated by S&P Dow Jones Indices

With all the criticism the Dow gets   how it has just 30 components, versus the breadth of the S&P 500, how it overrepresents the industrial and consumer discretionary sectors while underrepresenting technology, and how it excludes transportation and utilities altogether   its selection committee has done a good job of maintaining well-balanced representation of the broader stock market. The Dow has moved almost exactly in line with the much broader Wilshire 5000 Index since the start of the millennium, with a correlation of 0.988. By comparison, the correlation between the S&P 500 and the Wilshire 5000 has been at 0.99. An exact match would be 1.0.

The Dow carefully picks and adjusts its member companies to ensure its weight remains as in touch with the broader market as possible. The index has been adjusted just 60 times since it debuted on May 26, 1896, with a measly 12 components. At its longest stretch, between 1939 and 1956, it went 17 years without a single change. Apple, the world s most valuable company by market cap, was only added this past March after splitting its stock 7-for-1 nearly a year earlier.

Don t miss: 2 share splits behind Apple s move into the Dow

Even after Apple s split in June 2014, which reduced its stock price to $92 from $645, Dow Jones Indices still said a 4-for-1 stock split by Visa was needed to reduce the representation of the tech sector enough to make way for Apple s entry. Alphabet and Amazon would undoubtedly have to split their stocks to be considered for inclusion, especially since the consumer-discretionary sector is overweight in the Dow versus the S&P 500 as it is.

To fit it with the current median of the Dow stock price, which is around $77.50, Alphabet would have to enact a 10-for-1 stock split, while Amazon would have to split either by 8-for-1 or 9-for-1.

Another potential Dow component is Warren Buffett s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. BRK.B, -1.34% . The financial company, whose $330 billion market cap would rank it No. 3 in valuation among Dow components, enacted a 50-for-1 stock split of its Class B shares in January 2010, which brought the price more in line with the median Dow stock price.

Those shares have nearly doubled since then, however, which means another stock split might be needed for the company to have a chance. One of the other Dow financials   J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -1.17% Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -1.08% Travelers or American Express Co. AXP, -1.15%   would have to simultaneously be booted, or enact a stock split, to maintain the financial sector s current weight in the index and allow for Berkshire s entry. Goldman Sachs, for example, has the highest priced stock within the Dow at more than double the median price.

Of course, there s always the chance the Dow selection committee leaves things alone for a while.

Dow Jones Indices says changes are made on an  as-needed basis.  And Alex Bryan, an analyst with Morningstar Manager Research, said he doesn t see  any obvious candidates  for removal at the moment.

 The index is generally representative of the industry composition of the large-cap market,  Bryan said.  So Dow Jones could leave the index alone.  Alphabet Challenging Uber With Self-Driving Car Rides For Hire Alphabet's self-driving cars unit is scheduled to a become a stand-alone business under Alphabet next year.

According to plausible rumors, the new Alphabet company will offer self-driving car rides for hire, with a business model similar to that of Uber.

Alphabet's fleet of self-driving cars on-demand - Uber without drivers - could revolutionize transportation in cities.

The fusion of Alphabet's autonomous driving technology and Uber's winning business model is an excellent mid term investment opportunity.

Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is leading the race toward self-driving cars. The Internet giant, committed to visionary, world-changing projects, set up its own auto company, Google Auto LLC, and hired John Krafcik, a 25-year car industry veteran who previously led Hyundai s business in the US, to head its self-driving car project.

The autonomous car sector is becoming crowded, with the participation of more and more traditional car makers including Ford Motor (NYSE:F), Toyota Motor Corp (NYSE:TM), Daimler, and Hyundai, besides Alphabet, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) with its secret self-driving car project, and Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) with its accelerating development of luxury all-electric autonomous cars. All these companies predict commercial self-driving cars on the roads by the end of the decade.

Alphabet's self-driving cars unit is scheduled to become a stand-alone business under the Alphabet corporate umbrella next year, as reported by Bloomberg Business. A person briefed on the Alphabet s strategy, who asked not to be identified, said that the new Alphabet company will offer rides for hire, with a business model similar to that of Uber and Lyft.

Bloomberg Business notes that "by challenging ride-sharing pioneers like Uber and Lyft Inc., as well as traditional taxis, Google is providing the clearest indication yet how it plans to make money from self-driving automotive technologies that it began testing in 2009." Sergey Brin, co-founder of Google and Alphabet, suggested in September that self-driving cars could first appear in the form of a service, saying it would let a lot of people try the technology and that having "the vehicle come back to us every day" meant Google could rapidly update the machines.

This development confirms Amigobulls' predictions for the self-driving car sector. All seems to indicate that the impact of autonomous driving, which is expected to become a commercial reality by the end of the decade, will be huge. Besides enhanced driving safety, self-driving cars could radically change cities by reducing the need for owning a car. In fact, fleets of self-driving cars on demand - autonomous Zipcar, or Uber without drivers - could pick up users in minutes at the tap of a phone app.

Uber has made social car sharing a reality by enabling freelance drivers to offer their services to people in need of transportation, a win-win deal. The company, which is seriously disrupting the taxi business, is often threatened with sanctions and bans by the authorities. But banning innovative and disruptive services that are wanted by the people is likely to be difficult, and Uber is here to stay.

A few months ago Uber closed a $1 billion financing round at a valuation of about $51 billion, with the participation of Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU), and all seems to indicate that Uber is heading for an IPO, perhaps in early 2016. However, the Alphabet cars will drive themselves, which will avoid many regulatory problems faced by Uber, which is often attacked by regulators for the unclear employment status of its drivers.

At the same time, Uber itself is rumored to be planning a fleet of self-driving autonomous cars. The rumors are supported by the strategic partnership with Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) to jointly develop technologies for self-driving cars at the Uber Advanced Technologies Center in Pittsburgh, near the CMU campus. Besides developing its own autonomous cars, Uber could buy its fleet from one of the other companies mentioned here. In fact, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick stated that if Tesla cars are autonomous by 2020, Uber wants to buy all 500,000 that are expected to be produced, Forbes reported in May.

Of course, the convergence of Alphabet's and Uber's business models makes another possibility plausible: Alphabet could consider becoming the ride sharing market owner in one strike by acquiring Uber.

Cautious investors should feel reassured by Alphabet's move to spin off the self-driving car unit as a stand-alone Alphabet company with detailed and transparent financial reporting, which will help understand whether the project is viable from a financial perspective or not. Bullish investors should think of the fusion of Alphabet's autonomous driving technology and Uber's winning business model as an excellent mid term investment opportunity. 
2015-04-21
Hewlett-Packard teams with FireEye, Mandiant on cybersecurity A Hewlett-Packard logo is seen at the company's Executive Briefing Center in Palo Alto, California January 16, 2013. REUTERS/Stephen Lam

SAN FRANCISCO Hewlett-Packard Co will team with prominent cybersecurity firm FireEye Inc to offer services including assessments and incident response, bringing one of the most sophisticated security teams to a much broader market.

The two Silicon Valley companies announced their partnership as the largest conference aimed at corporate security buyers gets underway Tuesday in San Francisco.

In an interview ahead of the announcement, FireEye Chief Executive David DeWalt described the deal as "capability meets scale."

HP has 5,000 security consultants, many of whom manage security operations on an outsourced basis for large corporate clients. Those consultants can now bring in FireEye's technology, which tests computer commands before they are executed, and the investigators at Mandiant, which FireEye acquired last year.

Besides serving government and private clients who have been breached, Mandiant is known for research reports such as one naming a specific unit in the Chinese People's Liberation Army for breaching major companies.

Mandiant's main services are expensive, however, and the HP deal will bring a co-branded version of its services to smaller companies.

Mike Nefkens, executive vice president of HP Enterprise Services, said more clients want to analyze and improve their defense before the next attack, and that the new offerings would meet that need.

"They don't want to wait until there's an incident," Nefkens said.

HP also reaches many countries where FireEye has had a smaller presence, including Africa, Europe and the Middle East.

DeWalt declined to say if the deal was exclusive or give other terms.

FireEye also said it was expanding the number of companies that it shared threat information with, including a partnership with Israeli firewall provider Check Point Software Technologies.

(Editing by Stephen Coates) HP says to sell photo sharing service Snapfish A visitor takes a photo with a tablet in front of a Hewlett-Packard (HP) stand at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, February 27, 2014. REUTERS/Albert Gea

Hewlett-Packard Co said it would sell its web-based photo sharing service Snapfish to digital imaging company District Photo.

Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.

HP, the world's No. 2 PC maker, bought Snapfish for more than $300 million in 2005 and made the company a part of its printing and personal systems group.

Reuters had reported in September that HP was exploring a sale of Snapfish.

HP said in October it would separate its computer and printer businesses from its corporate hardware and services operations this year.

(Reporting by Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) 
2015-05-15
California man sues Uber claiming it stole ride-sharing idea The Uber logo is seen on a vehicle near Union Square in San Francisco, California May 7, 2015. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith

A California man has sued Uber Technologies Inc and its Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, claiming they stole his idea for a cellphone-based car hailing service.

Kevin Halpern sued Uber, Kalanick and several early investors in the company in San Francisco Superior Court on Thursday, accusing them of misappropriation of trade secrets and breach of contract. The complaint claims he suffered damages in excess of $1 billion.

Uber, the San Francisco-based ride sharing company that was valued at $40 billion in its last funding round, called the claims "completely baseless" and vowed to fight them.

Halpern founded a company called Celluride Wireless in 2003, six years before Uber was created.

In a video on YouTube, Halpern said, "Kalanick created an exact replica of Celluride and called it Uber."

Halpern, who grew up in New York, said in the video he understood the difficulty in getting taxis and wanted to create a way to bring drivers and passengers together using cellphones and GPS technology.

According to the complaint, he registered the Celluride website in 2003 and developed a mobile phone prototype in 2006. It was then, the complaint said, that he encountered Kalanick at an office Kalanick was renting from his friend in San Francisco.

Halpern said in the complaint that with Kalanick's promises to keep the information confidential, he shared his concept, designs and prototype.

Halpern's attorney, Christopher Dolan, who has handled other civil cases against Uber, said at a press conference on Thursday that "as the creator of the ride-sharing industry concept, (Halpern) feels he has been left out of the company by the people he worked with."

Halpern is also suing Uber investors Bill Trenchard of First Round Capital, Bill Gurley of Benchmark Capital and Scott Belsky.

In 2009, Halpern sued Anu Shukla, the founder of Offerpal Media, which is now known as Tapjoy, for allegedly violating an agreement and cutting him out of that company. The case was thrown out by a California state judge after Halpern disobeyed discovery orders.

Dolan could not be immediately reached on Friday.

The case is Kevin Halpern & Celluride Wireless Inc v. Uber Technologies Inc et al, No. 15-545825, in the Superior Court for the City and County of San Francisco.

(Reporting by Andrew Chung in New York; Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi and Lisa Shumaker) 
2015-05-06
Oculus to sell virtual reality headsets for consumers from early 2016 Virtual reality technology company Oculus said it would start shipping the much-awaited consumer version of its Rift headset in the first quarter of 2016.

Pre-orders for Rift will start later this year, Oculus, which Facebook Inc bought for $2 billion ( 1.3 billion) last year, said.

Previous versions of the VR headset, available since 2012, were aimed at developers to make games and run tests. The consumer version was widely expected sometime this year.

"In the weeks ahead, we'll be revealing the details around hardware, software, input, and many of our unannounced made-for-VR games and experiences coming to the Rift," the company said on a blog post. (bit.ly/1KLEt4g)

(Reporting by Abhirup Roy in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das) Swatch CEO says will release new battery for watches, cars: paper Swatch Group CEO Nick Hayek poses with the new 'Swatch Touch Zero One' during the Swiss watchmaker's annual news conference in Corgemont March 12, 2015. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse

ZURICH Switzerland's Swatch Group plans to release a new long-life battery for smartwatches in 2016, the watchmaker's chief executive told a Swiss newspaper.

Swatch CEO Nick Hayek also told Swiss weekly Handelszeitung the new battery would be applicable to cars.

"Whoever brings a battery for a smartwatch to the market that you don't need to charge for six months has a competitive advantage," Hayek said in an interview, extracts of which were published on Wednesday.

"We're working intensively on this problem with our research group Belenos and battery producer Renata. Next year we will come to the market with a revolutionary battery, not only for watches but also for automobiles."

A spokesman for Swatch confirmed Hayek's comments.

In March, Swatch, world's largest watchmaker, unveiled its riposte to Apple Inc's smartwatch. The group outlined plans to put cheap programmable chips in watches that will let wearers make payments with a swipe of the wrist.

Reviewers of the Apple Watch were critical of the device's relatively poor battery life, which is up to 18 hours according to Apple.

(Reporting by Joshua Franklin, editing by David Evans) Facebook's Sandberg speaks at husband's memorial File photo of Sheryl Sandberg, Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Facebook, with her husband David Goldberg, CEO of SurveyMonkey at a media conference in Sun Valley, Idaho July 9, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking

STANFORD, Calif Facebook Inc Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg re-emerged in public on Tuesday after the accidental death of her husband last week, offering a personal tribute to him in a Silicon Valley memorial service and on her Facebook page.

Many of the tech world's top executives filled a 1,700-seat auditorium at Stanford University to commemorate David Goldberg, chief executive of SurveyMonkey. He died at age 47 on Friday after a treadmill accident during a vacation in Mexico.

"We had 11 truly joyful years of the deepest love, happiest marriage, and truest partnership that I could imagine," Sandberg posted on Facebook. "He gave me the experience of being deeply understood, truly supported and completely and utterly loved - and I will carry that with me always."

Her post appeared hours after the ceremony, a tribute to the low-key executive, whose marriage to Sandberg added to his fame from building a company valued at $2 billion.

Speakers described Goldberg's self-deprecation, modesty and selflessness, and the event, closed to the media, included several nods to his passions.

On their way out, guests were offered Minnesota Vikings baseball caps as a reminder of the Minneapolis-born Goldberg's lighthearted nature and love of sports, according to a person who attended the service and who declined to be identified.

Also on hand were playing cards stamped with his initials, and poker chips. During the ceremony, U2 s Bono sang "One," the Irish rock band s anthem to love and support.

Goldberg's brother, Robert Goldberg, who announced the death on Saturday morning on Facebook, and several friends spoke at the private service, the person said.

Many guests entered through side and back doors after driving into a cordoned-off area behind the hall. Some, such as Hewlett Packard Chief Executive Meg Whitman, walked up the steps and through the main entrance.

Many began offering personal tributes to Goldberg on social media on Saturday, including Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg. Sandberg, however, remained silent until Tuesday morning, when she responded to a public note by President Barack Obama.

"David Goldberg embodied the definition of a real leader - someone who was always looking for ways to empower others," the president wrote in a Facebook message signed B.O., meaning he personally wrote it. "We're heartbroken by him leaving us far too soon - but we celebrate a remarkable legacy."

Sandberg in turn took to Facebook, thanking Obama for his friendship. "Dave Goldberg admired you for your leadership, passion, and your deep love of sports," she wrote.

She also changed her Facebook cover photo on Tuesday morning to a picture of her dancing with Goldberg at their wedding in 2004.

Goldberg built SurveyMonkey into a poll-taking juggernaut after joining the company in 2009. He previously worked for venture firm Benchmark, after founding Launch Media and selling it to Yahoo Inc in 2001.

"As we put the love of my life to rest today, we buried only his body," Sandberg wrote. "His spirit, his soul, his amazing ability to give is still with it."

(Additional reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb, Editing by Peter Henderson, Richard Chang and Ken Wills) Philippines' Agata Mining cuts May nickel ore exports due to weak prices, demand MANILA May 6 Nickel miner Agata Mining Ventures Inc (AMVI), partly owned by Canada's TVI Pacific Inc, has cancelled three of four ore shipments due to be exported in May from its mine in the Philippines, TVI said, citing depressed prices and low demand.

The Southeast Asian country was the biggest supplier of ore in 2014 to Chinese producers of nickel pig iron, used in stainless steel production, following a move by Indonesia to halt exports of unprocessed ore.

The boost in Philippine supply punctured a more than 50 percent rally in London Metal Exchange (LME) nickel prices , sending prices to six-year lows last month, although prices have since pared losses due to a weaker dollar.

"While AMVI has made great strides in ramping up production capacity in the last few months, the extreme volatility in Philippine nickel laterite prices has necessitated a high level of flexibility in our operations," TVI Chairman and CEO Clifford James said in a regulatory filing.

TVI did not disclose the total volume for the three cancelled shipments. Agata supplies ore to processing plants in Australia, China, South Korea and Japan.

Earlier this year it said ore shipments from Agata's mine in Surigao province in southern Philippines in 2015 would likely be more than 2.5 million wet metric tonnes.

Agata, which is also partly owned by TVI's local affiliate, TVI Resource Development, has so far exported 641,361 WMT of limonite ore and 60,369 WMT of saprolite ore this year.

"AMVI is closely monitoring market conditions and will continue adjusting its shipment schedule as necessary to ensure continued operational profitability," TVI said.

TVI Resource Development may push back a planned initial public offering to next year if metal prices remain depressed, James said last month.

(Reporting by Erik dela Cruz; Editing by Richard Pullin) TripAdvisor revenue up 29.2 percent on higher click-based advertising Travel review website operator TripAdvisor Inc reported a 29.2 percent rise in quarterly revenue as it earned more from click-based advertising and display ads.

Shares of the company, which owns websites such as tripadvisor.com and oyster.com, rose about 5.8 percent to $81.30 in extended trading on Wednesday.

Revenue from click-based advertising rose 20 percent to $249 million in the first quarter ended March 31 from a year earlier and accounted for 69 percent of total revenue, the company said.

TripAdvisor gets fees when users click on advertisements on its websites.

Monthly unique visitors grew 31 percent to 340 million, the company said.

Revenue from North America rose 25 percent to $182 million, representing 50 percent of total revenue.

Total revenue rose to $363 million from $281 million, but missed the average analyst estimate of $365 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

On a constant currency basis, total revenue grew 36 percent, the company said.

TripAdvisor's net income fell to $63 million, or 43 cents per share, from $68 million, or 47 cents per share. (bit.ly/1EXRqY2)

On an adjusted basis, TripAdvisor earned 54 cents per share, just missing the average estimate of 55 cents.

The company's shares closed at $76.80 on the Nasdaq on Wednesday.

(Reporting by Kshitiz Goliya in Bengaluru; Editing by Simon Jennings) Can Microsoft Corporation's High-End Lumias Compete Against Apple Inc.'s iPhones? Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) is reportedly working on two new high-end Lumia phones -- codenamed Cityman and Talkman -- for Windows 10, according to The Verge and Unleash The Phones.

Cityman will be a top-tier flagship Windows 10 phone, with a 5.7-inch QHD display, Qualcomm octa-core processor, 3GB of RAM, 32GB of internal storage, microSD slots, and a 20-megapixel rear camera. The Talkman will have the same amount of RAM and internal storage, but sport a smaller 5.2-inch QHD display and a Qualcomm hexa-core processor.

The strategy of launching two similar high-end devices with different screen sizes is similar to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) approach with the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. But can these new Lumias gain any ground against Apple's popular smartphones?

Microsoft's mobile strategy

Microsoft's mobile strategy consists of three main steps. First, it sells Nokia-branded feature phones which have simpler versions of ecosystem apps like Bing Search and MSN Weather installed. Introducing those users to the Microsoft brand and ecosystem could convince them to upgrade to cheap Lumia devices like the new $70 Lumia 430. Lastly, Microsoft will install Windows 10 across all its smartphones, uniting them with the Windows ecosystem on tablets, two-in-ones, and PCs.

As a result, Lumia devices have sold better in lower-end markets than higher-end ones. According to market tracker Ad Duplex's April numbers, the entry-level Lumia 520 remains the most popular Windows Phone in the world with a 23% share of the market. The Lumia 630, a newer budget phone, was the second most popular device with a 10% share. The high-end Lumia 925 accounted for just 3%.

Stronger sales of low-end Lumia devices boosted unit shipments 18% annually last quarter, although total Windows Phone revenue fell 16% due to higher sales of cheaper devices. Despite that growth, Windows Phones still only accounted for less than 3% of the global smartphone market at the end of 2014, according to IDC.

But what about high-end devices?

Microsoft has gained ground in the low-end market because its low-end phones undercut Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) cheapest Android One devices. But in the high-end market, premium Lumia devices are still marginalized by Apple's iPhones and Samsung's flagship Galaxy devices.

Premium Lumia devices face two big problems. First, they lack the premium brand appeal of Apple devices. Second, many consumers see Windows Phone as a second class mobile OS which lacks many top apps that are found on iOS or Android.

Cityman and Talkman probably won't change the former, but they could address the latter with Windows 10. If Microsoft can convince Windows PC users -- who account for over 90% of the market -- that their software can seamlessly synchronize with Windows 10 phones, its mobile market share could rise.

That's why Microsoft recently unveiled Continuum for Phones, which transforms smartphones into full-featured Windows 10 PCs when they're connected to larger screens. This means that powerful new Lumias like the Citytalk and Talkman could essentially replace laptops and PCs for users looking for an all-in-one device.

Apple's blind spot

High-end Lumias running on Continuum strike at Apple's lack of seamless unity between iOS and OS X devices. The closest thing Apple has is Continuity, which lets Mac users make calls and send messages using the iPhone's radio, as well as start tasks (in select apps) on one device and finish on another.

However, Apple doesn't have anything that lets users simply dock an iPhone or iPad and turn it into a full-blown Mac. This is arguably the same reason that Surface sales rose as iPad sales fell. Enterprise users could use the Surface Pro 3 as both a tablet and a docked PC while running the same software, but iPad users had to rely on mobile apps tethered to desktop systems.

If those same customers notice that they can replace aging desktops with high-end Lumia devices with Continuum, Microsoft could sell lots of new handsets to enterprise customers.

Don't count Microsoft out yet

Microsoft's new Lumia devices definitely won't steal the high-end smartphone market from Apple. However, they might "bridge the gap" between PCs and smartphones in a way that Apple never could. Doing so would let Microsoft leverage its dominant market share in PCs to gain ground in the mobile market against iOS and Android. 
2015-09-02
Amazon's 'Dash' button now effectively free The Amazon.com Inc. logo is seen on the side of a delivery truck in Brooklyn, New York, August 28, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid

Amazon.com Inc said its 'Dash' button, which allows customers to place orders instantly, will now be effectively free.

The company's Prime members can now buy the button for $4.99 and get the amount discounted on their first purchase using the button, the e-commerce giant said on Wednesday.

The button will now be available to all Prime members - those paying $99 a year for two-day delivery and other benefits.

The company said it will add 11 more brands to the button, bringing the total to 29.

The 'Dash' button, launched earlier this year, allows Amazon's Prime members to order a product with just a push, using a WiFi connection, and can be hung or hooked anywhere in the home.

(Reporting by Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) HP seeks to sell cyber security unit TippingPoint: sources The Hewlett-Packard (HP) logo is seen as part of a display at the Microsoft Ignite technology conference in Chicago, Illinois, May 4, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young

Hewlett-Packard Co (HPQ.N) is exploring a sale of computer network security solutions unit TippingPoint ahead of a corporate split later this year, according to people familiar with the matter.

Private equity firms have expressed interest in TippingPoint, the people said this week. The unit could be valued at between $200 million to $300 million, the people added.

The sources asked not to be identified because the sale process is confidential. A spokesman for HP declined to comment.

HP is reviewing all parts of its business to find assets that may not fit into the separate companies ahead of a planned corporate breakup in November.

HP plans to split into two publicly listed companies, one focused on enterprise technology, software and services and one focused on slower-growing computer and printer businesses.

"HP has been vocal about looking to sell assets that they consider non-core, and that they are not through that process yet," said Brean Capital analyst Ananda Baruah.

TippingPoint, which makes hardware for companies' firewalls that protect their networks, competes in a crowded space against companies such as Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW.N). Its technology is not a key part of HP's broader security strategy, which is focused on more sophisticated, faster-growing areas such as encryption.

Earlier this year, HP bought an encryption company Voltage Security, which helps customers protect their data.

Other security assets that HP is focused on include ArcSight, which monitors and analyzes corporate networks for breaches, as well as Fortify, which provides application security.

HP acquired TippingPoint as part of its $2.7 billion acquisition of 3Com Corporation in 2010. In May, HP sold a controlling stake in its China-based data networking business H3C Technologies, another unit of 3com, to China's Tsinghua Unigroup for $2.3 billion.

(Reporting by Liana B. Baker and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) 
2015-02-10
Canadian technology start-up Miovision raises C$30 million TORONTO Canadian technology start-up Miovision, which produces software that converts video of vehicle traffic into data, said on Tuesday it received C$30 million ($23.83 million) in funding to help support its growth plans.

The funding, its biggest to-date, was led by Canadian merchant bank MacKinnon, Bennett & Co. Investeco Capital, Renewal Funds, Plaza Ventures and Comerica also participated.

The Kitchener, Ontario-based company has more than 500 customers in 50 countries. They include the transportation departments of Massachusetts, Texas and Illinois, as well as the city of Edmonton and Caltrans.

Founded in 2005, Miovision collects data by filming videos at intersections to capture the traffic flow, alerting customers when problems arise and helping them understand the impact of changes like the building of new malls and schools.

Companies such as McCain Inc and Tyco Traffic & Transportation, a unit of Tyco International Plc TYC.N, are other players in the space. Technology giants such as IBM (IBM.N) and Cisco Systems Inc (CSCO.O) have also been showing interest in the 'smart city' concept.

Miovision plans to use the cash to expand its product range and step up hiring of engineers.

"The funding ... will take our vision forward and get ourselves into a broader product portfolio," said Kurtis McBride, chief executive of Miovision, who helped start the company as an engineering student at the University of Waterloo.

Miovision, which is profitable, has been growing revenue at an annual rate of 60 to 80 percent in the past six to seven years, he said.

The biggest Canadian venture capital deal in 2014 was an C$85 million funding round to Desire2Learn Inc, according to Thomson Reuters data. BuildDirect, Wattpad, HootSuite and Verafin Inc were other companies involved with securing significant financing in 2014, the report said.

Overall Canadian start-ups received some C$2.36 billion in funding in 2014, a 21 percent jump from a year ago, according to the report.

($1 = 1.2588 Canadian dollars)

(This version of the story was refiled to correct the day in the first paragraph to Tuesday from Wednesday.)

(Editing by Jeffrey Hodgson and Andrew Hay) RetailMeNot Inc. Earnings: The Good, the Bad, and the Downright Disappointing RetailMeNot (NASDAQ:SALE) stock was down by about 5% as of 12:45 p.m. Tuesday, as investors reacted with negativity to the company's earnings report for the fourth quarter of 2014. While both sales and earnings came in ahead of expectations, forward guidance was a big disappointment. Let's take a look at the latest announcement from RetailMeNot and the main takeaways for investors.

The context: Blame it on Google and mobile

RetailMeNot stock is down by almost 60% over the last year, the same goes for competitor Coupons.com (NYSE:COUP), which has fallen by more than 52% from its highs of the last 12 months. In fact, Coupons.com stock was down about 25% as of 12:45 p.m Tuesday after the company on Monday released dismal financial performance for the December-ended quarter.

Both online coupon companies are taking a big hit since Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) updated its search algorithm in May of last year, hurting organic search traffic for RetailMeNot and Coupons.com.

Also, while the mobile boom is generating big opportunities for traffic growth, monetization is much lower in mobile. RetailMeNot and Coupons.com are generating lots of mobile visits, but those users are not buying with the same intensity, so revenues per user are declining.

Good financial performance

RetailMeNot's revenues grew 11% to $87.4 million, the figure was better than the $86.1 million expected on average by Wall Street analysts. Mobile revenues increased by a strong 90% year over year, representing 25% of total sales during the quarter. International markets, on the other hand, underperformed during the period, growing by 7% and accounting for 20% of total sales.

Management kept costs under control during the quarter, so adjusted EBITDA margin was a healthy 41% of sales, an increase versus an adjusted EBITDA margin of 39% of revenues in the fourth quarter of 2013. Cash flows were also quite strong; the company reported a year over year increase of 94.7% in operating cash flows, reaching $61.4 million during the last quarter.

GAAP earnings per share came in at $0.26, while adjusted earnings per share were $0.43. The figure came in ahead of expectations, since Wall Street was on average forecasting $0.32 in earnings per share for the quarter.

Wall Street was already expecting a considerable deceleration in growth during the quarter, so the bar was quite low. Still, that doesn't change the fact that the company did better than expected on both sales and earnings during the last quarter.

Bad monetization trends

Mobile web visits grew by a strong 74% year over year to 97.2 million, while monthly mobile unique visits jumped by a vigorous 78% to 21.2 million. RetailMeNot ended the quarter with a total of 35.1 million email subscribers; this represents a big increase of 105% versus the fourth quarter in 2013.

RetailMeNot had a total of 226.2 million visits during the last quarter, an annual increase of 22.8% versus 184.1 million visits in the fourth quarter of 2013. When it comes to traffic, the company seems to be doing a decent job in terms of working through its difficulties.

On the other hand, monetization was down sharply during the quarter. Net revenues per user fell to $0.39 versus $0.43 in the fourth quarter of 2013, and this is dragging considerably on growth.

Disappointing guidance

Forward guidance was a big disappointment, and the biggest negative in the report. Management expects revenues during the first quarter of 2015 to be in the range of $57 million to $60 million, this represents a year-over-year decline of 5% at the mid-point. Adjusted EBITDA margin is forecast to be at 26% of revenues, a considerable decline versus 35% of sales in the first quarter of 2014.

For the full year 2015, management is expecting a 6% increase in revenues at the midpoint, while adjusted EBITDA margin is forecast at 34% of revenues versus 35% of revenues during full year 2014. Declining monetization in mobile and increased investments in areas such as sales organization and mobile-focused initiatives are the main factors behind this poor guidance.

In a separate press release, management announced a $100 million stock repurchase program. This could be indicating that management is optimistic about the future, believing the stock is undervalued at current prices. However, this will hardly be enough to compensate investors for the bad news regarding sales prospects in the coming quarters.

RetailMeNot is a company in transition, and it looks like its efforts to jump-start growth once again will require some patience from shareholders. Vodafone Egypt spending $1.25 billion on network upgrade A man checks his mobile phone as he walks past a shop displaying the Vodafone logo on its shutter in Mumbai in this file photo taken on January 15, 2014. REUTERS/Danish Siddiqui

CAIRO Vodafone Egypt (VODE.CA) plans to spend around 9.5 billion Egyptian pounds ($1.25 billion) on upgrading its network over the next three years to keep pace with demand for data services, its CEO said.

Vodafone Egypt, majority owned by British mobile operator Vodafone (VOD.L), is the leading communications player by customer numbers in the country of 90 million.

"Annual investments will represent more than 30 percent of annual revenues," Chief Executive Officer Ahmed Essam told Reuters in an interview.

"By end of this fiscal year in March, we would have spent more than 3 billion (Egyptian) pounds which equals one third of the allocated investments and also more than 30 percent of our yearly revenues in Egypt."

Financing the planned investments will come from internal resources, Essam added. He did not give precise revenue figures for a company which has around 39 million subscribers.

Investments would cover purchasing equipment, modernizing base stations and creating new coverage areas in Egypt, the most populous Arab country.

"This is a huge investment in comparison to what we used to spend," said Essam, adding the emphasis would be on "capturing the data growth".

Vodafone Egypt is also 45-percent owned by fixed-line telecoms firm Telecom Egypt (ETEL.CA). Egypt is finalizing the details of a long-awaited unified license which will allow firms to offer both mobile and landline telecommunications.

Vodafone's rival mobile phone service providers are Mobinil EMOB.CA and Etisalat Egypt. With Egyptians increasingly using mobile phones and the Internet instead of making fixed line phone calls Telecom Egypt has been relying on its data traffic for revenue growth.

Essam said Vodafone Egypt is interested in getting the Internet service offered under the unified license but has not decided yet if it needs the fixed line part.

He seemed upbeat on the Egyptian economy, which has just started to recover from nearly four years of political upheaval, street protests and militant violence triggered by the 2011 uprising which toppled autocrat Hosni Mubarak.

"I believe we are as a country on the front foot at the moment for encouraging investments coming in and encouraging trade," he said.

"GDP growth quarter over quarter is starting to tick. The confidence is starting to be there and it is reflected in the GDP"

Egypt can expect economic growth "easily north of 4 percent" in fiscal year 2014-15, which ends in June, boosted by rising confidence and a windfall from lower oil prices, its finance minister said in January.

(Editing by Keith Weir) 
2015-06-08
Google Inc Founder Sergey Brin Defends "Moonshots" to Shareholders Since its founding as a company, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has made funding big picture ideas, even those that may never contribute to the bottom line, a priority. These "moonshots" involve heavy investment in projects that may never pan out into real business initiatives.

It is not the way a company, especially a publicly traded one, traditionally operates. Moonshots are not simply research and development. In many cases, they are pie-in-the-sky experiments that may better humanity without bettering the balance sheet.

Google Glass, the driverless car project, and a number of other initiatives -- not all publicly known -- are under the division headed by company co-founder Sergey Brin. The executive took the unusual step of defending these moonshots in a letter to shareholders.

What Brin said

In the letter, Brin explained that Google was founded on the idea of not just making money but also making the world better. He made it clear that what has become moonshots were something he and Larry Page had baked into the company DNA:

We shared a profound belief in the power of technology to make life better for people everywhere and imagined what life could be like 10, 15, 20 years down the road. Nevertheless, now that we are here, I am amazed at the progress and opportunities. For example, I could not have imagined we would be making a computer that fits in a contact lens, with the potential to make life better for millions of people with diabetes. Yet, this is something we are working on today.

The search giant currently has a glucose-sensing contact lens that is being developed in partnership with Novartis. The lens uses a a tiny chip, consuming power measured in nanowatts, which is embedded into the lens to monitor glucose levels continuously.

Google did not specifically set out to develop that technology, but its constant research efforts, coupled with changes in the industry, led to the breakthrough:

This technology, and others like it being developed today, was made possible through continued improvements in electronics and the ever-accelerating pace of technological progress. As computers get smaller, cheaper, and more powerful, their potential gets larger and the world is transformed.

Brin wrote that Google's success was created by changes in technology and its growth going forward would be powered by the same:

Just as advancements in miniaturization and power consumption have made the contact lens possible, it was similar progress in computing power and cost that allowed us to create comprehensive search, and make it accessible to anyone with an Internet connection. It was the right time for search to become a universally available tool for bringing all the world's information to your home, to your school, to your pocket. These advances also made it possible to provide enterprise class email, featuring vast storage and search capabilities, to anyone in the world-for free; that's why we created Gmail.

He said those advances continue today, allowing the company to develop new, free products that would have been impossible -- or at least expensive -- in the past:

If you fast-forward to today, we recently harnessed continued improvements in storage cost and machine learning to create Google Photos, which lets everyone in the world safely keep, and search through, a lifetime of photos and videos.

Not all of the products Brin mentioned were moonshots, but it is very clear he believes that the company must continue pursuing research even if it does not bear financial fruit.

The future is unknown

Google is the rare company that not only can afford to research and invest in something as seemingly absurd as a driverless car but is also big enough to make it successful. Brin may push research for its own sake, but the reality is that Google has an almost unique ability to monetize projects that would seem like mad scientist folly if other companies tried them.

On the surface, they may seem like a waste of resources, but it is really just a long-term R&D plan in which many projects will fail, but the ones that succeed could truly change the world.

It is hard to see how that won't be good for Google and its shareholders. Exclusive: Chipmaker Atmel exploring sale - sources Atmel Corp ATML.O, a maker of small processors called microcontrollers that are used in a variety of electronics, is exploring strategic alternatives, including a possible sale, three people familiar with the matter said on Monday.

Mid-sized semiconductor makers are becoming attractive takeover targets for larger semiconductor players looking to round out their capabilities with chips for cars, watches and other devices that will interact with each other in what is referred to as the "Internet of Things".

Atmel, which has a market capitalization of around $4 billion, is working with investment bank Qatalyst Partners on a sale process, two of the people said. There is no certainty that Atmel will decide to sell itself, the people added.

The sources asked not to be identified because the sale process is confidential. Atmel declined to comment while Qatalyst did not respond to a request for comment.

Atmel shares rose as much as 7.2 percent on the news before ending trading on Monday at $9.75, up 3.6 percent.

Based in San Jose, California, Atmel manufactures microcontrollers and other hardware that can be used in "Internet of Things" technology. Atmel supplies these components to "wearables" products, including smart watches and fitness bands, according to its website.

Atmel's longtime chief executive officer, Steve Laub, said in May that he would retire at the end of August, a move that may have contributed to the company's decision to explore alternatives, some of the sources said.

In the first quarter of 2015, Atmel's adjusted net profit fell to $45.1 million, or 11 cents per share, compared with $49.2 million or 12 cents per share, a year earlier. It is forecasting revenue between $310 million and $326 million in the second quarter and gross margins of about 48 percent. It generated annual revenue of $1.41 billion last year.

Atmel may appeal to semiconductor companies that want to sell analog components, such as sensors, or power management parts along with microcontrollers. Chipmakers ON Semiconductor Corp (ON.O) and Microchip Technology Inc (MCHP.O) launched a joint hostile bid for the company in 2008 that they eventually withdrew.

The semiconductor industry has been a highly active area in dealmaking recently, with large-scale deals announced in recent weeks such as Avago Technologies Ltd (AVGO.O) purchasing Broadcom Corp BRCM.O and Intel Corp (INTC.O) buying Altera Corp ALTR.O.

Some $80 billion in semiconductor M&A has been racked up so far this year, the biggest year for chip deals since 2000, according to Reuters data.

(Reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Chris Reese and Jonathan Oatis) More deals seen in chips as Internet of Things blooms NEW YORK/SEATTLE With the biggest year in chip deals since 2000 not even halfway through, mid-sized semiconductor makers appear to be prime takeover targets as the largest players look to round out their capabilities and turn their focus to chips for cars, watches and other devices, making the "Internet of Things" a reality.

Bigger is better is the new mantra, as more technologies are being squeezed onto chips and customers want to deal with integrated suppliers that can offer the broadest range of products.

"You want to be the supplier that has the most capability," said Ernie Ruehl, managing director at Credit Suisse.

Credit Suisse advised NXP Semiconductors on its deal with Freescale Semiconductor, which kicked off the current wave of chip mergers in March, and was one of the advisers to Avago Technologies in its $37 billion deal for Broadcom Corp last week.

Bigger companies can better afford the ever-rising cost of design and manufacturing.

"A leading-edge design can cost $150 million to $200 million, which means that you have to be able to generate four times the revenue to get a return on investment," said Mario Morales, an analyst at tech research firm IDC.

Companies that make analog and mixed-signal chips - a mixture of analog and digital - are in demand, analysts said. Analog chips process real-world signals such as sound and light, so they are central to smartphones and devices connected to the Internet.

As a result, companies like Maxim Integrated Products Inc, Linear Technology Corp, Intersil Corp, Silicon Laboratories Inc, Analog Devices Inc and M/A-COM Technology are under the spotlight.

Another closely related subsector is microcontrollers, essentially small computers used in automatically controlled products like car engines or implanted medical devices. Smaller microcontroller makers include Atmel Corp and Renesas Electronics Corp.

The big chip makers, such as Intel Corp, Texas Instruments Inc and Qualcomm Inc, want to beef up in just those areas.

This thirst for growth has helped spur semiconductor stocks to new heights, with the PHLX Semiconductor Sector index last month hitting its highest since 2001.

As a result, valuations are growing, but not out of line with technology in general. Potential target NVIDIA Corp is trading at 24 times estimated profit for the next 12 months, and Xilinx Inc, Analog Devices and Marvell Technology Group are at around 21 times, according to Reuters data. Semiconductors as a group have historically traded about 15 times.

But high valuations have not stopped the pace of deals or the premiums companies are willing to pay as low interest rates provide a source of cheap capital. Intel is offering about 35 times expected earnings for Altera Corp.

After barely five months, $80 billion in semiconductor M&A has been racked up this year, according to Reuters data. In the last two weeks alone, Avago and Broadcom announced their deal and Intel moved to buy Altera.

More deal activity is brewing. Analog chip maker Exar Corp said last month it would look at strategic options. Cypress Semiconductor Corp has made an offer for Integrated Silicon Solution Inc but has so far been rebuffed. The chief executive officer of Lattice Semiconductor Corp told Reuters this week he was open to a sale, but only for a big premium.

(Additional reporting by Liana Baker in New York, Noel Randewich in San Francisco and Lehar Maan in Bangalore; Editing by Steve Trousdale and David Gregorio) Apple said to build high-speed data network: Bloomberg Apple CEO Tim Cook waves as he arrives on stage to deliver his keynote address at the Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco, California, United States June 8, 2015. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith

A view of the Apple logo on the flagship store on 5th Avenue in New York April 22, 2015. The leaf on the Apple logo was tinted green after midnight in honor of Earth Day at Apple's 24hr store. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid

Apple Inc is setting up a high-speed network and upgrading how it builds data centers, to compete better with Amazon.com Inc, Google Inc and Microsoft Corp in cloud services, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the plans.

The plan entails connecting Apple's data centers in California, Nevada, North Carolina and Oregon, and others to get content closer to Internet hubs in some densely populated markets, Bloomberg reported. (bloom.bg/1IpsB7y)

Apple is seeking to handle more traffic on its own, without renting server space from cloud providers such as Amazon and Microsoft.

While Apple hasn't disclosed total costs, investments will run into the billions, Bloomberg reported.

Apple will stick with most of its existing vendors, and is mainly seeking to bolster its current infrastructure, according to the report.

Apple declined to comment on the report.

The iPhone maker said in February it would spend 1.7 billion euros ($1.9 billion) to build two data centers in Europe.

Apple said the centers, in Ireland and Denmark, would power Apple's online services, including the iTunes Store, App Store, iMessage, Maps and Siri for customers in Europe.

(Reporting by Kshitiz Goliya in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Obama vows to boost US cyber defenses amid signs of China hacking U.S. President Barack Obama holds a news conference at the conclusion of the G7 Summit in the Bavarian town of Kruen, Germany June 8, 2015. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque

KRUEN, Germany/WASHINGTON President Barack Obama vowed on Monday that the United States would aggressively bolster its cyber defenses, as U.S. officials said the probe into a massive breach of federal government networks has yielded growing signs of a direct Chinese role.

Obama stopped short of pointing the finger at Beijing for the recent cyber attack, which threatens to overshadow broader annual U.S.-China talks in Washington this month at a time when tensions are already high over Beijing's pursuit of territorial claims in the South China Sea.

"We have to be as nimble, as aggressive and as well-resourced as those who are trying to break into these systems," Obama told a news conference at the Group of Seven (G7) summit in Germany.

U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, have blamed Chinese hackers for breaching the computers of the Office of Personnel Management and compromising the records of up to four million current and former employees in one of the biggest known attacks on U.S. federal networks.

The mission of the intruders, the officials said, appears to have been to steal personal information for recruiting spies and ultimately to seek access to weapons plans and industrial secrets.

Though China has denied involvement, U.S. investigators looking into the computer break-in, which was disclosed on Thursday, have uncovered "markings," or digital signatures, left by the hackers that indicate it was likely an official Chinese government operation, two officials said on Monday.

They did not, however, offer further details as to how they reached that conclusion.

Investigators have all but discarded the notion that Chinese criminal elements might have been behind the hacking and believe it was unlikely the Beijing government hired outside hackers, though one official said that possibility had not been completely ruled out.

U.S. authorities have also begun discussions on whether to go public once they make a final assessment of responsibility, but no consensus on that has emerged, a source familiar with the investigation said.

The White House, which has yet to assign blame, has given no sign whether retaliation might be considered.

In December, U.S. officials moved swiftly to accuse North Korea of being behind a high-profile attack on Sony Corp (6758.T) over a movie depicting the assassination of North Korea's leader, and Obama vowed that the United States would respond.

But the Obama administration is likely to move cautiously in response to any Chinese role, mindful of the potential harm from escalating cyber warfare between the world's two biggest economies whose interests are closely intertwined.

OBAMA CITES "SIGNIFICANT VULNERABILITIES"

In Germany on Monday, Obama declined to say whether he believed China was behind the OPM cyber attack, the second in less than a year on the agency that holds personnel data a security clearance information for the federal workforce.

But he said the United States has old computer systems with "significant vulnerabilities" and needs to be "much more aggressive" in stepping up defenses. He urged the U.S. Congress to move forward on passing cybersecurity legislation.

"In some cases, it's non-state actors who are engaging in criminal activity and potential theft," he said. "In the case of state actors, they're probing for intelligence or in some cases trying to bring down systems in pursuit of their various foreign policy objectives."

U.S. government officials and cyber analysts say Chinese hackers are using high-tech tactics to build massive databases that could be used for traditional espionage, such as recruiting spies, or gaining access to secure data on other networks.

The latest incident gave the hackers access to a trove of personal information, including birthdates, Social Security numbers, previous addresses and security clearances.

One official said the stolen information would enable an intelligence service to chart out relationships among U.S. government employees and build pictures of individuals and their families, potentially enabling them to figure out ways to target or blackmail people for espionage purposes.

"I see this an intelligence play by the Chinese to get as much high-level information about people as they can," said Mike Walls, a former U.S. Navy cyber warfare commander who is now managing director for security operations at EdgeWave, a private cybersecurity firm.

(Additional reporting by Andrea Shalal, Roberta Rampton and Julia Edwards; writing by Matt Spetalnick, editing by G Crosse) 
2015-12-21
Eric Schmidt and Jared Cohen on Technology in 2016 The next generation of artificial intelligence (AI) promises to have an impact as big as the mobile revolution or the Internet revolution before that. The positive opportunity before us is virtually boundless but for AI to meet its vast potential, it will require the right approach.

AI is already revolutionizing our lives. It can detect patterns that humans can neither see nor anticipate. English speakers can make phone or video calls to speakers of Hindi or Chinese. But the next leap will be Inventive AI machines trained on a given data set that can tackle a wider range of problems. As society grapples with the increasing volume and complexity of information, more-flexible AI will play a key role in helping us. Eventually it will be possible to give a computer unstructured data say, spreadsheets used to manage business records and receive quality advice on improving operations. All it will take is a training data set that is large enough, computers that are big enough and algorithms that are adaptable enough.

Imagine an adaptive learning system that analyzes medical records for hospital patients. AI could sort through a patient s entire medical history in an instant, offering relevant information quickly to doctors preventing a negative reaction to a medication, for instance. AI could also highlight a pattern of risk factors and allow the medical team to achieve better results through preventive care and early detection of disease. These benefits might not result from specific questions a doctor posed to the AI. The software would do it proactively, saving the doctor s time and maybe saving lives.

But though computers can assist us, they are not like us. We can make value judgments, think introspectively and, in truth, compare apples to oranges. Our wealth of experience gives us creativity but it also makes us vulnerable to accumulating conscious and unconscious biases. In contrast, AI systems today receive their  training  using very specific collections of relevant data. These data sets can be large but are inherently much more limited than human experience. That can be a plus AI does not have the complex emotions that guide human decisionmaking, so it could avoid most if not all of these inherent biases.

Based on the work of DeepMind, which is involved in AI research, we believe that makers of AI should adhere to the following principles. First, AI should benefit the many, not the few. In practical terms, AI has the potential to help the doctor and the patient, the business and the employee. As a society, we should make use of this potential and ensure that AI always aims for the common good.

Second, AI research and development should be open, responsible and socially engaged. As we continue developing AI, new questions will continue to arise, and we will need to answer them collaboratively, including everyone from engineers and scientists to philosophers and activists. In particular, those whose industries will change as a result of AI will need to be part of this global conversation.

Third, those who design AI should establish best practices to avoid undesirable outcomes. Is a system doing what we need? Are we training it using the right data? Have we thought through the way any system might yield unintended side effects and do we have a plan to correct for this? There should be verification systems that evaluate whether an AI system is doing what it was built to do.

We are building tools that humans control. AI will reflect the values of those who build it. Ultimately, our dream for AI is to give people more choices about how they live their lives. Under our control, it can take the drudgery out of work and free up many more hours for creative pursuits. And applied collaboratively, AI could help bring about solutions to the world s most complex problems.

In the end AI is technology, and technology is just a tool. It s up to us to use that tool well to harness its power to improve our lives, and the lives of people everywhere.

Schmidt is the executive chairman of Alphabet Inc.; Cohen is the director of Google Ideas

This appears in the December 28, 2015 issue of TIME. Top Retirement Stocks to Buy in 2016 With the calendar set to turn to 2016, investors should start looking ahead for the next great companies to buy. If it's stocks you plan to retire with or will count on for income in retirement, finding businesses with solid long-term prospects, strong competitive advantages, and great management are all critical to investing well.

We asked three of our top contributors to each give us a top retirement stock to buy in 2016, and they gave us two dominant tech stalwarts in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), and multinational infrastructure giant Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (NYSE:BIP).



Here's a closer look at why our contributors chose these three.

Brian Stoffel (Alphabet): It might seem odd to suggest that Alphabet -- the company formerly known as Google -- would make a top pick as a retirement stock to buy. Currently, the company is already the second most valuable in the world, worth for over $500 billion. It also trades for roughly 28 times non-GAAP trailing earnings, which isn't cheap. And most importantly, for retirees, it offers no dividend.

But hear me out.

If you buy shares in Alphabet, you're getting a two-for-one deal. On one hand, you own shares in a company with one of the widest moats in the world -- Google owns 71% of the global search market share. You also get a piece of the world's most popular mobile operating system (Android) and the world's third most popular website (YouTube.com).

You also get exposure to Google's semi-top-secret moonshot business, dubbed Google[x]. Run by co-founder Sergey Brin, the projects aims to develop life-altering technologies. Some that we know about are self-driving cars, and contact lenses that can measure certain health metrics seamlessly. If any one of Google[x]'s projects become a hit, it'd be a boon for investors.

But perhaps most importantly, Google is sitting on a pile of cash -- roughly $71 billion, to be exact. Eventually, I believe that Google, like other more mature technology companies, will begin to pay out a dividend. Over the past 12 months, the company has generated $14.6 billion. If it chose to use just 35% of that cash flow to pay out dividends, it would amount to a respectable 1% dividend yield, but with plenty of opportunity for growth in the future.





Dan Caplinger (Apple): Tech giant Apple has gotten a lot criticism lately, with pundits accusing the maker of iPhones and other wildly popular electronic devices of having run out of innovative ideas and simply squeezing as much profit from its already-established franchises as possible. What many investors don't seem to understand is that even if that's true -- something that the company itself definitely wouldn't concede -- the stock's valuation is so attractive that even conservative value investors have to appreciate what the stock offers at current prices.

Right now, Apple trades at around 12 times trailing earnings, with analysts expecting earnings growth in the 7% to 10% range over the next couple of years. That works out to an earnings yield of more than 8%, compared to 10-year bond yields in the 2% range. Even if you think Apple has no more growth potential than a Treasury bond, six extra percentage points seems like a more than adequate risk premium to compensate investors for a possible future decline in Apple's business. When you consider the possibility that Apple might just come up with the next big hit device, its shares look like a bargain. That's a concept that can be tough to image for a stock with the highest market capitalization in the stock market, but nevertheless, Apple has a lot of attractive features that dividend investors can appreciate.

Jason Hall (Brookfield Infrastructure Partners): Brookfield Infrastructure is very different from Apple and Alphabet, and as a master limited partnership, it's probably not an ideal investment in a retirement account because of how you may lose some of the tax advantage of IRAs and 401(K)s. But if you plan to hold your shares in a taxable account and want steady, dependable income in the form of dividends, Brookfield Infrastructure Partners is a great choice.

Warren Buffett has lauded the value of businesses with high barriers to entry that produce consistent and profitable cash flows. This is a big reason he's invested billions of dollars into railroads and utilities, businesses that have produced reliable profits for Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway over the years.

This is what makes Brookfield Infrastructure a great retirement stock. The partnership owns assets on four continents, including power transmission systems, railroads, and ports, among others. These assets are geographically and economically diverse, unlikely to face competitive disruption, and are all critical infrastructure components where they are located.

This has provided those steady cash flows, which have allowed it to regularly increase its distribution:

If you bought shares today, you'd get more than a 5.5% yield on your investment, and management's stated target is to increase payouts between 5% and 9% annually. If steady, growing retirement income is your goal, Brookfield Infrastructure Partners deserves a close look. Will Facebook Inc.'s Newest Feature Crush Yelp Inc.? Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) recently launched Professional Services, an online business directory that takes direct aim at Yelp (NYSE:YELP). This move isn't surprising, since Facebook already hosts over 50 million small business pages and launched a business-to-consumer chat platform for Messenger earlier this year. A Yelp-like business directory could also be considered a natural evolution of Facebook's check-in and review system.

Yelp stock, which was already cut in half over the past year, plunged 9% on Dec. 15 after Facebook's announcement. Will Facebook's Professional Services disrupt Yelp's long-term plans and cause its stock to tumble further in 2016?

Facebook's Manifest Destiny

To understand why Facebook is challenging Yelp, we need to understand the social network's plans to conquer the Internet. Facebook's monthly active users (MAUs) rose 14% annually to 1.55 billion last quarter. That growth is impressive, but it will inevitably peak. That's why Facebook is expanding its ecosystem with Instagram, WhatsApp, and its "Free Basics" zero-rating plan for emerging markets.

Facebook has also been cloning trademark features from other top social networks. In 2013, it added support for hashtags, which were generally associated with Twitter (NYSE:TWTR). Facebook also added videos to Instagram to counter Vine's loops, unveiled a live streaming service for celebrities to counter Twitter's Periscope, challenged Snapchat with a stand-alone app and a new Messenger feature, and went after LinkedIn with Facebook at Work.

But that's not all. Facebook is also challenging Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) on multiple fronts with single sign-ons, mobile app backends, videos, artificial intelligence, and location-based services. Simply put, Facebook wants its News Feed to become the front page of the Internet, and it needs to push aside Google and other social networks to accomplish that. In this clash of the tech titans, Yelp becomes collateral damage.

Crushed by giants

Google tried to buy Yelp six years ago for $500 million, but the deal fell through. Google subsequently bought Zagat and started scraping Yelp reviews, without attribution, to improve its own location-based services. To boost the quantity and quality of its first-party reviews, Google launched a "Local Guides" program that awards reviewers with points that can be exchanged for prizes. That program is basically a carbon copy of Yelp's "Elite Squad" program.

Meanwhile, Facebook is approaching from the other side with its massive business directory and evolving location-based services. In the past, Facebook differentiated itself from Yelp by prioritizing check-ins and reviews from friends. With Professional Services, Facebook reaches further and organizes those businesses into a directory.

In Yelp's latest S-1 filing, it admits that Google, Facebook, and other companies "may be more successful than us in developing and marketing online advertising offerings directly to local businesses, and may leverage their relationships based on other products or services to gain additional share of advertising budgets."

But don't count Yelp out yet

But against all odds, Yelp continues to grow. The company finished last quarter with 89 million unique mobile visitors, up from 73 million a year earlier. Cumulative reviews rose 35% annually to 90 million as local advertising accounts grew 37% to 104,200. Revenue surged 40% to $143.6 million and beat estimates by $2.2 million. Those numbers keep improving because Yelp still has a first-mover's advantage in the local reviews space.

However, Yelp's problem is its lack of bottom line growth. Last quarter, it posted a net loss of $8.1 million, compared to a net profit of $3.6 million in the prior year quarter. Total costs and expenses soared 58% annually to $154.3 million, due to surging sales, marketing, and product development costs.

This indicates that Yelp needs to spend more heavily to remain competitive -- which is bad news when deep-pocketed rivals like Facebook and Google are out for blood. If Yelp is forced to spend more heavily to keep pace with Facebook's Professional Services, its losses could keep piling up and cause investors to flee. 
2015-05-11
GoPro Inc and Google Inc: A Match Made In  Virtual  Heaven? GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO) recently announced that it would buy French start-up Kolor, which develops software for stitching together photos and videos into 360-degree panoramas and videos known as "spherical content." That content can then be viewed more immersively with a head-tracking virtual reality (VR) headset.

VR content creators used GoPro cameras to create spherical content in the past, but the acquisition of Kolor will let GoPro offer the feature directly to its customers. To introduce that new capability, it released a 360-degree 4K video to showcase Kolor's features on the GoPro website, YouTube, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Cardboard, and Kolor's mobile app for iOS and Android.

GoPro also stated that more spherical videos would soon be available for other VR viewers like Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) Oculus VR and Samsung's Gear VR. However, I believe that if GoPro is serious about tapping into the growth of the fledgling VR market, it should deepen its partnership with Google.

Why Google and GoPro would be perfect VR partners

Google and GoPro would be a perfect match for the VR market because their devices and services can simplify the production and viewing of VR images and videos.

By integrating Kolor's stitching features into GoPro's editing software, mainstream consumers can create panoramic photos and videos more easily. During GoPro's first quarter conference call, CEO Nick Woodman noted that VR content production is mainly done by professionals "who are combining six or more GoPros using 3D-printed rigs to capture incredible content." But he noted that the popularity of that content among viewers would cause a "trickle down desire" which could encourage mainstream consumers to produce their own VR content.

Google is also a believer in that "trickle down" effect. Facebook, HTC (NASDAQOTH: HTCCY), Valve, and Sony (NYSE:SNE) are all developing high-end VR headsets for niche enthusiasts. Google, however, introduced Cardboard -- a cheap DIY kit which lets anyone turn a smartphone into a VR viewer with a piece of cardboard, a washer, a magnet, lenses, a rubber band, and pieces of velcro.

Although Cardboard has much lower latency than Facebook's Oculus Rift, Sony's Project Morpheus, or HTC and Valve's Re Vive, it makes VR easily accessible to anyone -- not just developers willing to spend $350 on a developer kit. As a result, Google's Cardboard app has been installed up to 5 million times, which convinced more developers to create VR apps.

How Google and GoPro could help each other

With GoPro selling VR content producing cameras and Google offering dirt cheap VR viewers, the two companies could turn VR from a niche interest into a mainstream one.

The first thing GoPro should do is rebrand Kolor's 360-degree viewing app under its own name, then connect it to Google's Cardboard app. The current version of Kolor is compatible with Cardboard but doesn't show up on the list of "official" apps in Google's Cardboard app. That little change could give GoPro's app a huge boost, considering that Kolor was only installed 10,000 to 50,000 times from Google Play.

To reduce the server load on Kolor's own hosted videos, GoPro could migrate its content to its YouTube channel, which currently has 3 million subscribers. That move could let GoPro stream higher-quality videos than the ones currently available on Kolor's app. GoPro's move could help Google by simultaneously tethering more users to Cardboard and YouTube.

How the VR market fits into GoPro's future

Kolor represents another piece of GoPro's long-term plans for its media business. GoPro intends to expand its media network -- which is currently hosted on YouTube, social networking sites, Microsoft's Xbox Channel, Roku devices, and Virgin America flights -- into a viable source of revenue in the future.

The network doesn't generate any meaningful revenue yet, but GoPro has hired experienced media executives to guide the business. Last November, it hired Zander Lurie, who previously worked at CBS and CNET, as its senior VP of media. Prior to that, it hired Adam Dornbusch, the former business development head of Current TV, as its programming chief. It also hired former Skype CEO Tony Bates as the division's president.

GoPro also recently introduced "Herocast," a solution for broadcast-quality live streaming, and struck a deal with NHL to use its action cams for some live broadcasts.

Gazing into the virtual future

If mainstream users eventually buy pricier VR headsets like the Oculus Rift for their living rooms, GoPro's delivery of high-quality VR content to those headsets could let home audiences skydive, ski, or surf through the eyes of other users. GoPro could then monetize that content with VR ads or monthly subscriptions.

It sounds like sci-fi, but it might become a firm reality before the end of this decade -- research firm KZero estimates that the worldwide consumer VR market will generate cumulative revenues of $16.2 billion between 2014 and 2018. Why Mattel Inc. Stock Jumped 22% in April What: Toy giant Mattel (NASDAQ:MAT) saw its stock jump 22% higher during the month of April, according to S&P Capital IQ data.

So what: Investors were pleased with the company's midmonth first-quarter earnings results, which included higher-than-expected sales and profits. Revenue rose 5% while adjusted operating loss was $0.08 per share, compared to the $0.09 that Wall Street was targeting.

Highlights of the quarter included 9% higher sales in Mattel's U.S. business, which was a significant turnaround from the 2% and 5% drops that the company booked in the fourth quarter and full-year 2014, respectively.

Key to that rebound was the fact that Mattel's Barbie brand returned to growth in the quarter after slumping for more than a year. Meanwhile, management's marketing and product innovation changes appear to be gathering momentum. "In the first quarter, we took a number of steps to implement a rapid turnaround at Mattel," CEO Christopher Sinclair explained in a press release. "While we still have a lot of work to do, we're starting to see progress," he said.

Now what: A big part of that work will involve replacing revenue from the loss of the Disney Princess licensing business to rival Hasbro. Mattel is aiming to fill that huge void with growing licensing partnerships with dozens of other companies. Those include an entertainment deal with Google's YouTube, movie agreements tied to the DC Comics and Ghostbusters franchises, and a link-up with Mojang, the creator of the popular Minecraft video game. "We have made a lot of progress bringing strategic partners online and you will continue to see us announce and bring truly amazing concepts to market in collaboration with partners," Sinclair told investors in a conference call last month.

In the meantime, Wall Street expects sales to dip slightly this year from 2014's $2 billion mark. And earnings should shrink from $1.48 per share to $1.35 in 2015. 
2015-05-03
3 Reasons Google, Inc. Stock Could Fall After some initial euphoria following Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) earnings news last week, its stock has slowly but surely given up its gains. Other than recent rumors involving possible acquisitions including Salesforce.com and Twitter, there doesn't appear to be anything definitive creating the pressure on Google's share price.

That said, Google has some challenges to address the balance of this year, and beyond. Over the long run, the consensus analyst recommendation for Google as a "strong buy" is warranted as the company continues driving double-digit top line growth. But that doesn't mean there won't be a hurdle -- or three -- to overcome along the way. Here are a few possible hiccups Google will face moving forward.

Soaring overhead

According to Google CFO Patrick Pichette during last week's earnings announcement -- CEO Larry Page didn't participate in the call -- expenses jumped last quarter, and will continue to do so due to ongoing costs associated with infrastructure and facilities.

Add in Google's approximately 20% jump in headcount compared to Q1 2014, and it's no wonder operating expenses climbed over $1.1 billion to reach 37% of total revenue: up from last year's 35%. Ongoing investment is necessary to fuel growth for a company the size of Google, but as overhead continues to climb, investors will demand some results -- as they should.

Google's spending to enhance its mobile search ad tools is one example. It's no secret that mobile isn't Google's strong suit as yet. Improvements -- or lack thereof -- in this key area will be a good gauge of whether all that spending is paying off.

Speaking of mobile

Though small by comparison, there's a reason Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is increasingly cited as a threat to Google's digital advertising dominance: mobile. It's been a couple of years since CEO Mark Zuckerberg went all out to improve Facebook's mobile user experience, as well as enhance its advertising solutions. And it's working like a charm.

Not only are 1.25 billion of Facebook's 1.44 billion monthly average users, or MAUs, of the mobile variety, but 73% of its $3.32 billion in ad revenue last quarter came from mobile spots. And with each successive quarter, Facebook's mobile revenue as a percentage of its total sales is climbing. By contrast, last quarter's 13% decline in Google sites cost-per-click, or CPC, rates is largely due to mobile.

Google generates much of its ad revenue via search, something its marketing partners simply won't pay as much for on a smartphone. If you're buying Pichette's explanation, the reason for the quarter-after-quarter CPC declines is due to YouTube's "skippable" TruView ads. Apparently, TruView spots "monetize at a lower rate than clicks on Google.com." The notion that video spots -- skippable or not -- are responsible for declining CPC rates seems a bit of a stretch.

One thing is clear, though. Mastering mobile revenue is a challenge Google is still addressing, regardless of Pichette's explanation, and investors would be wise to keep tabs on its progress.

How much is too much?

There's a growing sense among some industry pundits that Google is taking its innovation efforts to the extreme. And as this article discusses, CEO Larry Page's stubbornness to truly shelve Google's unsuccessful Glass initiative is a glaring example.

What's the big deal? The aforementioned rise in expenses, combined with off-the-charts innovation development efforts, has left a bad taste for some.

Another example will likely be driverless cars. Sure, self-driving cars is a fun, Jetsons-like futuristic project, but it's been going on for years -- and who knows how much Google has already poured into the initiative -- and it will take years more to finish. The regulatory hurdles alone could take longer than the development cycle.

Does Google have the wherewithal to cut the cord on projects with little or no business case -- as intriguing as they may be? Time will tell.

None of these issues are reasons to rule out Google as a long-term investment. However, they are worth keeping an eye on. 3 Ways to Invest in Driverless Cars: Google Inc, Nokia Corporation, and ... Many tech companies and automakers believe that driverless cars will hit the roads within the next five years. The market demand certainly exists -- a recent survey by Pew Research Center found that nearly half of Americans wanted to ride in autonomous cars.

Investors who are interested in this fledgling market should check out three companies -- Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Nokia (NYSE:NOK), and Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY) -- as investment vehicles.

Google: Ambitious and expensive plans

Last year, Google unveiled prototype driverless vehicles which ferried passengers between two points at a max speed of 25 mph. The cars could automatically change lanes, make turns, and avoid collisions with nearby vehicles.

Google cars are impressive, but the technology is expensive. Each vehicle is equipped with approximately $250,000 of road-scanning equipment. A major expense is the LIDAR, a rotating laser on top of the vehicle which renders its surroundings in 3D. But since the LIDAR cannot process all that information in real time, roads for fully autonomous cars must be scanned again for road signs, obstacles, and curb heights. That is a painfully slow process. As of last year, Google had scanned just 2,000 miles of roads -- a tiny portion of the 170,000 miles of public roads in California.

But once Google maps out entire countries for driverless vehicles, the company could effectively take over entire transportation grids by simply licensing its technology to automakers. That would let Google accumulate user data on a deeper (and arguably creepier) level than ever before.

Nokia: The driverless cartographer

Nokia sold its handset division to Microsoft last year and recently acquired Alcatel-Lucent, streamlining itself into the second largest telecom equipment company in the world. However, the Nokia HERE division still has a 90% market share in embedded automotive maps. These maps gather data from over 80,000 sources -- including cars that use LIDAR technology and high resolution 360-degree cameras which "read" street signs.

The unit acquired Earthmine, a 3D street level imaging firm, in late 2012. The following year, it teamed up with Daimler Mercedes-Benz to test drive an autonomous vehicle over 60 miles of German roads. Like Google driverless cars, the system provided instant 3D modeling of nearby vehicles and adjusted the route accordingly. Last July, Nokia claimed that HERE will complete a high-definition map database for highways in the U.S. and Europe by 2018.

There has been a lot of buzz about Nokia possibly selling HERE to Apple, Facebook, Amazon, or other companies. The unit, which accounted for 7.6% of 2014 revenue, has a book value of around $2.1 billion. However, it could fetch twice that amount, thanks to its potential role in autonomous vehicles. Selling that unit would likely boost the stock, which plunged after the company reported weak bottom line growth at its network division last quarter.

Mobileye: Semi-autonomous driving

Whereas Google and Nokia are mapping out roads for fully autonomous driving, Mobileye currently offers cheaper solutions for "semi-autonomous" driving. The company calibrates a mix of cameras and radars -- which detect pedestrians, traffic lights, and signs -- to the brakes on your vehicle. An impressive 90% of leading automakers have already signed deals with Mobileye to install its "crash avoidance" systems in their newest vehicles.

The MobilEye system only costs around $1,000 to install, making it a much more economical option than Google's prototype vehicles. Mobileye is also developing a system which lets drivers cruise along at freeway speeds on a single lane. Although the driver must manually change lanes, the roads do not need to be thoroughly scanned again.

Last August, RBC Capital analysts claimed that Mobileye will "experience hyper growth throughout the end of the decade" with a CAGR of nearly 50%. The firm also stated that Mobileye was the only "real pure play" for investing in autonomous vehicles. However, that widespread attention has also made the stock expensive at 64 times forward earnings.

The key takeaways

These three companies could all benefit from the rise of driverless vehicles, but they face near-term challenges as well. For now, Google must endure ecosystem battles against Facebook and Amazon more than its "moonshot" driverless project. Nokia must decide to invest more heavily in HERE Maps or sell it. Mobileye stock could be brought down by fundamental gravity.

Of these three companies, Nokia and Mobileye will be affected more by the shift toward autonomous vehicles. As for Google, it is a long-term ecosystem play which may or may not pan out. 
2015-10-19
A Historic Moment for Alphabet Inc.'s Google As one of the most innovative companies in the world, change is one of the few constants at sprawling technology giant Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), a fact only reinforced by its recent corporate reorganization.

And although its abrupt transformation into Alphabet has garnered the bulk of recent headlines, it's not the only important storyline for the company. Just the past several weeks have brought a number of important product launches. And as we recently learned, Alphabet's Google search engine passed a significant milestone earlier this year.

Changing of the guard at Google

At an appearance at the Re/code Mobile conference, Alphabet's new SVP of Google search, Amit Singhal, announced that total Google mobile searches surpassed total desktop searches for the first time ever over the summer. This news has been a long time in the making. Since its 2008 release, Android has become the de facto standard for smartphone operating systems, although Apple's closed ecosystem ensures that iOS remains an astoundingly profitable franchise as well. According to research firm IDC, Android's installed base surpassed 1 billion active users at the end of last year, and Alphabet's mobile OS now commands a market share of north of 80% among smartphone users worldwide. In late spring, the company formerly known as Google announced that mobile searches had overtaken desktop in 10 countries, including the United States and Japan. For context, here's how mobile devices compare to desktop.

It was only a matter of time until mobile search eclipsed desktop search. However, this does represent a changing of the guard of sorts for the company that popularized search, while also creating one of the most formidable business models in all of modern technology. And while the historic nature of this news alone makes it worth mentioning, investors should consider what it might mean for Google's financial performance as well.

What does this mean for investors?

Especially coming so close to its surprise rebranding, this key shift at Alphabet's most critical unit represents a historic inflection point for a business still struggling to adapt to the business realities of our increasingly mobile world.

Thanks to the overwhelming success of Alphabet's Android operating system, Google's total search volume has exploded in recent years. However, not all advertising mediums are created equal, and the smaller screen sizes that come with tablets and especially smartphones have created an observable drag on Google's cost-per-click and profit margins.

Google has struggled to develop mobile advertising formats that monetize anywhere near those on desktop. This dynamic is further compounded by a growing number of Google mobile searches that occur today without having a user type an entry into Google's search box -- such as those occurring through Android Auto. As with smartphone growth, this trend represents the new normal for Google and its shareholders. If there has been an overhang for Google's share-price performance in recent quarters, the declining margins on its mobile search business have been a primary culprit.

There is, however, a possible light at the end of the tunnel. For one thing, Google has introduced a number of new search-ad formats geared toward overcoming some of the problems the company has faced with its mobile advertising business. These new mobile advertisements rely on data such as images, prices, and other product information, rather than text-based keywords, to match consumers with relevant ads. Google has reportedly launched these new data-driven mobile ad formats in at least four industries, including car dealerships, auto insurance, and the like.



It isn't immediately clear whether these ads perform better than Google's normal mobile search ads, but it makes sense that these new ads could help solve Google's mobile monetization struggles. If that proves to be the case, the results could be impressive. Either way, Google remains a business in transition, and this historic moment deserves commemoration. 
2015-05-30
France's Macron does not rule out eventual EU treaty change: report French Economy and Industry Minister Emmanuel Macron visits the Daher plant in Saint-Aignan-Grandlieu near Nantes, western France, May 18, 2015. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe

PARIS French Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron wants a two-speed Europe and sees a possible change to European Union treaties in due time, he told newspaper Le Journal du Dimanche in comments published on Sunday.

"We have to accept the idea that Europe will be made on a two-speed basis, with a union based on solidarity and differentiation," Macron was reported as saying.

"The 28-member Europe must be simpler, clearer; more efficient and continue to advance on digital and energy issues," the economy minister said.

"As to the euro zone avant-garde, it must go towards more solidarity and integration: a common budget, a common borrowing capability and fiscal convergence," he added.

The 37-year old minister's comments come days after Germany and France agreed plans to strengthen cooperation among euro zone countries without changing existing EU treaties, in a potential setback for British Prime Minister David Cameron.

The blueprint would bolster the 19-nation euro zone, of which Britain is not a member, by holding more regular summits of its leaders, strengthening the Eurogroup forum of finance ministers and establishing euro zone-specific structures within the European Parliament.

On treaty change, which has been advocated by David Cameron as he toured European capitals this week but had been ruled out by France so far, Macron said:

"What's important is the project," adding that he was not speaking in the name of the government and that only President Hollande could speak for France.

"Treaty change is a method that would ensue and that we have to prepare in due time. If we ask the questions today to the people, the answer will be no. We have to reconcile Europeans with Europe," Macron, a former advisor to Hollande, added.

Le Journal du Dimanche said Macron and his German counterpart Sigmar Gabriel were working on joint proposals that they would make public later this week.

(Reporting by Michel Rose) Will Google Inc.'s New YouTube "Buy" Buttons Work? Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) acquired YouTube nine years ago, but the popular video sharing platform still isn't profitable.

Despite reaching over a billion unique viewers, YouTube only broke even on the bottom line in 2014, according to The Wall Street Journal.

To make matters worse, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) surpassed YouTube for the most desktop video views per month last year. Between June 2013 and August 2014, Facebook's monthly video views in the U.S. skyrocketed from 700 million to 12.3 billion, according to comScore. During that period, YouTube's monthly video views dropped from 15.7 billion to 11.3 billion. However, Facebook's numbers include views of auto-play videos for three seconds or more, so the actual rate of engagement is debatable.

To prevent YouTube from falling behind Facebook as an advertising platform, Google recently announced "TrueView for shopping," which adds "buy" buttons to its video ads. Can these new ads curb Facebook's alarming growth in video?

What Google thinks

Google claims that while testing out the new buttons, furniture retailer Wayfair's (NYSE:W) revenue per impression tripled in comparison to older YouTube ad campaigns.

Investors shouldn't confuse the new TrueView ads with Google's new buy buttons for mobile search ads. The TrueView buttons on YouTube lead to third-party sites where the transactions are completed, whereas users who click through a mobile search buy button can complete the purchase within Google's ecosystem. TrueView is designed to deal with Facebook, while mobile ad buttons are meant to boost its relevance in product searches against Amazon.

Letting viewers buy what they see on the screen instantly isn't a new strategy. In the 1990s, "interactive" web-enabled TV platforms like WebTV, AOL TV, and Time Warner's Full Service Network flirted with the idea of putting overlays over shows and commercials.

Unfortunately, none of those platforms ever gained mainstream acceptance. More recently, Samsung tested in-app ads for its smart TVs, which were tremendously unpopular with consumers.

TrueView is an improvement over those previous efforts for two reasons. First, users are already accustomed to seeing YouTube ads. Second, buy buttons for those ads are small and aren't as jarring as clickable ads on living room TVs.

Potential pitfalls

However, three serious problems make YouTube an uneven platform for advertisers.

First, YouTube's active viewer base is much smaller than it seems. According to Pivotal Research analyst Brian Weiser, just 9% of YouTube's "one billion" viewers account for 85% of all video views across the network.

Second, those regular viewers tend to be very young. Research company eMarketer reports that 82% of U.S. teens watch YouTube regularly, compared to 54% of adults over the age of 35. The same survey found that 64% of U.S. teens normally use Facebook, compared to 77% of adults over 35. This means Facebook is more popular among older individuals with more spending power, which could make it a more lucrative platform for marketers.

Lastly, both Facebook and Twitter recently launched their own video hosting platforms. This means their users could upload more videos directly to the social networks instead of embedding them from YouTube. Both social networks are encouraging their users to embed those videos on third-party sites, which could slowly steal viewers away from YouTube.

How TrueView could work

Despite those weaknesses, TrueView buy buttons could work well with people who use YouTube to find product reviews. For example, if a viewer searches for a review or an unboxing video of a new smartphone, he or she could click the button to make a purchase.

According to Google, nearly two-thirds of brands see Google searches rise as much as 13% after viewers watched an ad on YouTube. Therefore, an ad eliminates the need for a follow-up search or a visit to rivals like Amazon. If these efforts pay off, Google might use TrueView ads to promote its Google Shopping site or Google Express same-day deliveries.

The effort also complements Google's buy buttons for mobile ads, since a quarter of all YouTube views are made on mobile devices. This could curb the growth of Facebook, which eMarketer estimates generated more than three times as much U.S. mobile display ad revenue as Google last year.

The key takeaways

In my opinion, the new TrueView buy buttons could attract marketers by creating targeted ads based on user data and the content of the underlying video.

However, Facebook's video ads, which have an audience of 1.44 billion monthly active users, can use just as much (if not more) user data to craft targeted ads. Therefore, the arms race between YouTube and Facebook videos is likely to escalate in the near term, as both tech giants unveil more features to attract advertisers. Time Warner Cable Inc.'s New Suitor: Can Charter Realize Comcast's Shattered ... To no one's surprise, Time Warner Cable (NYSE:TWC) has found a new suitor. Following the sudden end to Comcast's (NASDAQ:CMCSA) $45 billion takeover bid, Charter Communications (NASDAQ:CHTR) has stepped in with a $55 billion offer.

Will Charter complete the deal that Comcast couldn't close? And if so, what will this buyout mean for the cable industry's investors and customers?

What's going on?

First, let's consider the playing field.

Charter is offering Time Warner Cable shareholders a combination of cash and stock. At current Charter prices, this amounts to roughly $196 per Time Warner share. The company will also assume responsibility for nearly $24 billion of net debt, lifting the total price tag to $79 billion. If Charter's shares move up or down before the merger is closed, the final sum will be higher or lower, respectively.

At the same time, Charter amended its agreement to take over Bright House Networks. That deal was struck in March, when Comcast's bid for Time Warner Cable was very much alive. But Time Warner Cable happens to own a controlling 66% stake in Bright House, so the new buyout changes the terms of the Bright House agreement.

That's not all. Liberty Broadband (NASDAQ:LBRDA) also agreed to buy $5 billion of Charter shares upon the closing of the Time Warner Cable deal. That cash infusion will take some of the sting out of Charter's massive buyout bills.

If and when all of these transactions run their course, they will combine the second-largest American cable system (Time Warner Cable) with the fourth (Charter) and sixth (Bright House) names on that list. They'll add up to roughly 24 million TV and broadband subscribers across 41 states, in the same ballpark as Comcast on both counts.

This is not Charter's first dance with Time Warner Cable. In 2013 and 2014, Charter lobbed bids at the larger cable rival that ranged from $114 to $127 per share. But Time Warner Cable called the terms "grossly inadequate" and rejected all of these attempts. The company would have settled for $160 per share, which is almost exactly where Comcast's offer landed.

All of that bad blood now appears forgotten, and Time Warner Cable's board of directors has approved Charter's new and improved takeover offer.

What's the bigger story?

The Time Warner Cable-Comcast merger failed because regulators couldn't swallow the two largest companies in the cable industry joining forces. That deal would have created an absolute monster, covering about half of the United States under a single brand of cable services.

By contrast, the Charter deal would take Comcast down a notch. Instead of one giant trampling all over a horde of lesser lights, we will get ... well, two giants trampling the remainder of the industry.

The revamped cable sector would look much like the wireless phone industry. There, Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and AT&T (NYSE:T) have been lording it over a collection of far smaller names for years. Both companies will argue that they work in a vibrant industry with plenty of competition, but they enjoy wireless spectrum advantages that smaller players simply cannot match.

Real competition breeds innovation and pricing pressure. In the U.S. wireless industry we have neither (despite the best efforts of the smaller networks to change this grim reality). As a result, American calling plans and wireless data services are among the worst and most expensive in the developed world.

That's not a great role model to follow. Add in the fact that American cable companies compete even less than the wireless guys, and it is hard to see any consumer benefits springing from another big-ticket merger idea.

For example, I bet only one cable company serves your neighborhood, dear reader. If you have two TV service and/or broadband options, the other one would come from the local landline telecom. That's how it works in almost every corner of the nation, but hardly anywhere else in the world. Allowing several of the largest providers to join forces would do absolutely nothing to rectify this massive problem. On the other hand, it would give the newly minted cable giant more leverage when negotiating content pricing.

What's next?

Seen from one very specific angle, you could argue that Charter's merger with Time Warner Cable would create a substantial rival to current market dominator Comcast. But in almost any other light, the merger comes off as another blow to an underserved consumer market.

The Federal Communications Commission might let this deal slide past the antitrust issues that torpedoed Comcast's plans. But it won't be an easy or quick process, and the final approval is far from guaranteed. In fact, I don't think it will happen at all without Charter and Time Warner agreeing to some strict conditions and adjustments.

Keep an eye on these tickers as the merger process progresses. In the meantime, I wouldn't recommend owning either Charter or Time Warner Cable. The merger is both too important and too fragile to ignore, adding far more risk than value to both stocks. 
2015-10-18
Energy Innovation: How Apple and Alphabet Are Changing the Game The connected home might play a bigger role in the future of energy than you think, but it hasn't taken off as quickly as many people had hoped. That's because energy efficiency items like Alphabet's (NASDAQ: GOOG) Nest thermostat, smart locks, or LED light bulbs are nice items by themselves; but if you have enough of them, you could be overwhelmed with apps to control your house.

To complicate matters, there are exciting and complex energy changes coming down the pipeline, like rooftop solar energy, energy storage, electric vehicle charging, and smart appliances that could help save you money and make your life easier. But even the most enthusiastic energy saver doesn't want a dozen touch points or apps to make sure devices operate as efficiently as they should.

That's why the Nest platform and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) HomeKit are game changers for hundreds of energy companies. They may not seem like energy companies, but they hold the key to changing energy usage as we know it.

Platforms are the key to energy innovation

The difficulty in innovating in energy today is that you need a way to control most energy innovations. Smart lights are great, but you need an app on a smartphone to turn them on and off. An energy-storage system with solar energy is great, but it needs controls in another app to work effectively. Even smart locks need an app to let you in the house without a key. Add all of them together, and you can have a dozen apps just controlling your energy use.

The truth is that companies trying to innovate in energy had to create their own platforms on which to build energy efficiency and management products. Each one needed its own control system, and until people had smartphones in their pockets, their own control panels, as well.

Apple and Alphabet changed that by getting devices in hundreds of millions of people's hands, and now they're building the platform on which other companies can innovate in energy. Nest and HomeKit will allow your device to tell multiple apps when you arrive home, when you're gone, when you wake up, or when you're going to bed. Presets on the platform will allow it to talk to multiple devices at once, something the industry has never had before.

Driving innovation in energy

What Nest and HomeKit do is make it possible for companies to innovate on top of their platforms instead of a company creating its own. It simplifies the development process, and opens up millions of potential customers for new energy products. The fact that there are two standardized platforms actually makes this innovation easier.

It's comparable to when the smartphone standards were battling it out. At one time, developers didn't know if they should develop for Blackberry, Apple, Google, Microsoft, or someone else. Once the two standards from Apple and Google emerged, you had thousands of innovative apps hit the market.

The same thing is happening in energy now because Nest and HomeKit give a common platform for developers to build products for. And they know hundreds of millions of users will have the operating systems to control them.

These platforms could take disparate energy services, like rooftop solar, EV charging, and heating/cooling, and marry them with dynamic utility pricing and user preferences to save people money.

As an example, SunPower has talked about this with its solar and energy storage system, allowing consumers to use HomeKit to choose preferences like maximum cost savings, or maximizing the amount of energy produced and consumed within the house. Without HomeKit, it would have to develop the control system independently, which would make adoption more difficult.

Disruption is coming to energy

Alphabet and Apple may not seem like the most obvious disruptors in the energy industry, but they may play a bigger role than you think. A decade from now, your home will know when you're going to be home, when it's cheapest to charge your electric vehicle, and how to maximize the savings from your rooftop solar system.

Nest and HomeKit don't, by themselves, make those innovations possible, but they give companies the platform that will help drive adoption. That's the true value of these energy platforms, and they may be important to the future of energy. 
2015-05-02
3 Reasons Facebook, Inc. Stock Could Fall Though nearly every one of the 30 analysts that follow Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) consider it a "buy" or a "strong buy," investors clearly weren't overly impressed with last week's Q1 earnings release. Facebook stock has pulled back more than 6% since the news, as of this writing. The question is, will Facebook stock continue to slide?

Over the long haul, Facebook analysts' bullish sentiments are warranted. Facebook is coming off a surprisingly solid quarter of user growth, there are multiple growth opportunities waiting in the wings, and video usage is exploding, which will continue to drive revenue growth.

Amidst the laundry list of positive signs, however, lie a few challenges -- as is the case with any company. Will the potential roadblocks cause Facebook's stock to drop? Not likely over the long haul, but they do warrant monitoring.

Show me the money

By and large, analysts -- as well as some investors -- are a notoriously impatient group. That's part of the reason Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg is continuously asked about the delivery date for its Oculus Rift virtual-reality (or VR) headset, and the monetization of both WhatsApp and Instagram.

Rumors from just a few months ago indicated that consumers could count on a Rift VR release date later this year. However, it appears Rift may not make it to store shelves in 2015 after all. Oculus founder Palmer Luckey implied at a trade show last month that a rollout of Rift to the masses won't happen until next year.

Zuckerberg also fields a bevy of questions regarding monetizing Instagram and WhatsApp. During Facebook's recent earnings call, Zuckerberg sidestepped both the Rift delivery date and the timing for unleashing Instagram's huge revenue potential. WhatsApp, per Zuckerberg, will be reevaluated after hitting 1 billion monthly average users.

Getting a return on Facebook's many investments is more a matter of when than if. But in the short term, continued delays could put additional pressure on Facebook stock.

Investing in the business

We knew heading into 2015, thanks to Facebook CFO Dave Wehner, that spending was going to continue rising at a torrid pace. For the second consecutive quarter, expenses jumped by over 80%. In Q1, Facebook's overhead jumped to $2.61 billion -- 83% higher than last year -- and that followed an 87% year over year increase in costs in 2014's fourth quarter. And there's more on the way.

Costs associated with the ongoing development of ad measurement tools, internal user analytics, infrastructure investments, and personnel increases are expected to fuel a 55% to 65% overall increase in expenses this year. That's slightly down from the prior quarter's estimate, but not by much.

There's nothing wrong with spending money to make money, as long as investors see a return. Again, not many industry pundits are betting against Facebook's success here, but rising overhead without the requisite return on investment could spell trouble.

It's there for the taking

Like its digital competitor Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Facebook makes the vast majority of its revenue from advertising. Both online behemoths generate over 90% of their respective sales from ads. Google's YouTube property in particular boasts some big brand names, which naturally equate to big ad sales.

When COO Sheryl Sandberg was asked about getting big brand names to advertise on Facebook, she was clear that its relationships with small and medium-sized businesses, or SMBs, are Facebook's bread-and-butter. That presents an opportunity, as well as a challenge. As Facebook fans know, it rolled out its video spots to the masses recently, and they appear to be a big success.

Sandberg said that over 1 million SMBs have already used Facebook's video-ad alternative. That's the good news. The challenge -- and the opportunity -- is getting the 30 million SMBs with business-related pages that haven't committed marketing dollars to Facebook onboard. Video is relatively new to Facebook and is probably brand new to many SMBs. To convert the 30 million non-paying SMBs into revenue contributors, Facebook will need to ensure that there isn't even the perception of a barrier to entry.

Are any of these potential roadblocks reasons to sell? No. However, they do represent challenges that investors would be wise to monitor going forward. 
2015-12-20
Can Alphabet Inc's Pixel C Challenge Microsoft Corporation's Surface Pro 4? Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google recently launched the Pixel C, a high-end 10.2" Android 6.0 tablet with an optional Bluetooth keyboard. The 32GB model costs $499 and the keyboard costs $149. At that price point, the Pixel C is clearly targeting the same 2-in-1 market as Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Surface devices.

Unlike Google's Nexus devices, which were all manufactured by various OEM partners, the Pixel C was completely designed and manufactured by Google. Let's take a look at why Google launched the Pixel C, and whether it can challenge the Surface in the 2-in-1 market.

Tablets are failing, 2-in-1s aren't

Research firm IDC expects total tablet shipments (including 2-in-1 devices) to fall 8% annually this year and grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of just 0.7% over the next five years. During that period, shipments of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPads and Android tablets are expected to post negative growth.

However, IDC believes that shipments of Windows-based tablets and 2-in-1 devices will surge 59.5% annually this year and grow at a whopping CAGR of 30.3% over the next five years. During that period, IDC expects the combined market share of Windows tablets and 2-in-1s to more than double from 8.4% to 17.5%. Back in August, IDC forecast that total shipments of 2-in-1s (mostly Windows devices) could surge 86.5% this year.

Those numbers indicate that demand for mobile OS-based slate tablets will slump as laptop users upgrade to Windows-based tablets and 2-in-1 devices that offer a better balance between mobility and productivity. That's probably why Microsoft's Surface devices reportedly outsold Apple's iPads in online sales in October, according to 1010data Ecom Insights Panel, and why Apple launched the iPad Pro and Google introduced the Pixel C.

Microsoft's OS advantage

However, challenging Microsoft in the 2-in-1 market won't be easy for Google. It previously promoted Chromebooks as cheap productivity devices, but those devices run on Chrome OS, which was designed for laptops instead of tablets. Meanwhile, early attempts to turn Android tablets into productivity devices flopped because many apps were still optimized for vertical smartphone and tablet touchscreens.

To address that problem, some have suggested Google is planning to merge the Android and Chrome OS to match the two modes of Windows 10 in the near future. However, doing so could cause a jarring ecosystem split between apps optimized for mobile devices and ones designed for laptop-like devices.

Microsoft has a major advantage over Google among upgrading laptop users because nearly 90% of PCs worldwide still run various versions of Windows. Upgrading to a Surface or Windows 2-in-1 device would keep those users in the same ecosystem. This upgrade path has proven popular among enterprise users, who need to retain compatibility with legacy software and data from older Windows devices.

Android's cheap tablet problem

Since Google is at a disadvantage in the PC market, its best shot at entering the 2-in-1 market is for Android tablet users to replace their aging devices with 2-in-1 Android devices like the Pixel C.

IDC estimates that about two-thirds of the world's tablets run on Android today. But according to Google's own numbers, only 30% of all Android devices (smartphones and tablets) worldwide have been upgraded to version 5.0 or above. Devices which run on older versions of Android have either been abandoned by the OEM or aren't powerful enough to support Android's new features. Therefore, the vast majority of existing Android tablets are likely low-end ones instead of high-end ones.

Since average low-end to mid-range Android tablets now cost less than $200, it could be hard to convince existing Android tablet users to pay $499 for a new Pixel C. Therefore, that upgrade path isn't nearly as balanced as the one from a laptop to a Surface 3 or Surface Pro 4, which can cost roughly the same depending on the configuration.

The Pixel C is just a tech demo

I doubt that Google plans to seriously challenge the Surface or iPad Pro with the Pixel C. Instead, it's a tech demonstration of Android as a high-end 2-in-1 productivity device. Google did the same thing back in March with the new high-end Chromebook Pixel, which merely demonstrated that a Chromebook could look as sleek as a Macbook.

In my opinion, Google's Pixel devices are simply intended to be reference designs for OEMs to follow. Interested OEMs can then improve upon the Pixel C's design and aggressively market them to counter Windows 2-in-1 devices and the iPad Pro. That growth can then help it widen its defensive moat against Microsoft-powered devices. IBM, Microsoft and Alphabet working towards the dawn of quantum computing There are many effects caused by the rules of classical physics which we humans take for granted. Hit a pane of glass with enough force and it will shatter. Hold up a piece of paper to an open flame and it will burn into ash. These properties are easy to understand for most high school seniors and classical physics adequately explains the vast majority of what we encounter on a day-to-day basis.

As many who are knowledgeable about 20th century scientific discoveries will be familiar with, classical physics does not account for everything we know about our world, especially at a molecular level. In the early parts of the century, the field of quantum mechanics began to grow as scientists like Max Planck and Albert Einstein began to unveil the secrets behind unusual atomic-level activities, such as how light particles can act like a wave instead of a particle at times. With the field of classical computing set to hit a technological wall in the coming years, some big names in technology are taking successful steps into quantum computer development. If successful, they could establish an entirely new field of computing which would change everything we know about the technology.

Unlike classical computing, which relies on bits that take on values of either 1 or 0 in order to process information, quantum computing relies on qubits. Qubits can take the distinguishable 1 or 0 value, but unlike classical bits, there are aspects of quantum mechanics, which make qubits much more useful in certain applications. One unique element of qubits are their ability to take on a superposition, meaning that a single qubit can be in multiple states at a single moment in the same way that a light can behave as a wave or a particle at the molecular level. Entanglement, or the state in which two qubits can be inextricably linked even when separated by great distances, is another effect of quantum mechanics which has implications for computing. Superposition and entanglement would allow a quantum computer to rapidly perform calculations which could never be completed by a classical computer, such as finding the factors of a number with more than 500 digits, unlocking a new world in data encryption and analysis.

The pursuit of quantum computing goes back to the early 1980s but some American tech giants have been making forays into the sector. In September, Google (now Alphabet, Inc.) (NASDAQ:GOOG) completed work on a quantum computer known as the D-Wave which doubled the number of qubits in the machine to more than 1,000. In early December, the high-tech company released data indicating that, when calculating the solution containing about 1,000 binary variables, quantum annealing on a quantum computer was found to be 100 million times faster at solving the problem than simulated annealing on a single core computer. Informed observers have shown some muted optimism, as these experiments more represent a test of quantum computing theories using a problem specifically formulated for the quantum platform. Remarks made after the report s release by Hartmut Neven, Alphabet s top supervisor on its D-Wave project, likened the event to the Wright brothers  first flight in 1903 at Kitty Hawk. Other than Canadian-based D-Wave Systems, a firm dedicated to quantum computing research, other entities involved in this project include NASA s Quantum Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (QuAIL) and the Universities Space Research Association (USRA).

Another giant of American computing development, IBM (NYSE:IBM), is getting a federally-funded boost to help kickstart U.S. developments in quantum computing. The government s Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Agency (IARPA) has entered into a multi-year contract with IBM for the development of a logical qubit utilizing a number of imperfect qubits working together in a circuit to produce accurate calculations. Quantum computing chips produced by IBM are made from materials that take on superconducting qualities at temperatures near absolute zero. IBM s two-dimensional chip array differs from the D-Wave in a way that allows it to detect both bit-flip and phase errors affecting computation at the same time, for which the D-Wave is not designed.

Those with an interest in seeing what it s like to program on quantum computing platforms got a nice gift recently from Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), which decided to make its LIQUi|> quantum computing simulator available to the public. Although quantum linear algebra, Shor s factoring algorithm or calculating the ground state energy of a molecule are not for the casual observer, anyone with a good handle on those topics can explore these subjects in LIQUi|>.

The computing world doesn t just want to pursue development of computing technologies at the quantum level; it needs quantum computing or the pace of classical computing innovation will slow to a halt within a few decades. For decades now, there s been an oft-discussed theory known as Moore s Law which argues, somewhat loosely, that computer processors would double in processor density every two years, increasing computing power while reducing chip size. The current state of transistor development includes transistors which are 14 nanometers in length, making them a fraction of the size of a red blood cell. If transistors are ever reduced in size to the atomic level, which is a distinct possibility, then the rules of quantum mechanics begin to create huge issues for classical computing. Transistors are supposed to control the flow of electrons, which includes stopping electrons, but if superposition causes a transistor to act like a wave, electrons could squeeze through beyond the transistor s control.

The international community is ramping up its pursuit of quantum computing technologies, especially in Australia. Researchers at that country s University of New South Wales (UNSW) proved that quantum computing chips could be fabricated from silicon, paving the way for much more cost-effective solutions than vacuum-suspended charged atoms or light particles. Australia s federal government has invested $26 million into the UNSW project in the hopes that Australia can be the birthplace of the first commercially successful quantum computer.

There are numerous ways that quantum computing will impact our world, only some of which are known today. One of the major applications of quantum computing that keeps popping up is for enhanced encryption technologies. The fact that it s nearly impossible to factor large numbers is a major foundation of current encryption techniques. Quantum computers can factor large numbers swiftly, which would make current encryption impractical as a safeguard once quantum computing is widely commercialized. However, it also enables encryption on an entirely new level. Because of the quantum mechanical principle of entanglement, and the fact that qubits  decohere  or lose their superposition when they are observed, quantum computers could generate truly randomized keys and know exactly when an unauthorized party is trying to catch a glimpse of data. As well, it s theorized that quantum computers can digitally model incredibly complex simulations, such as unusual atomic or particle activities, in the same way that the CERN Large Hadron Collider performs under actual laboratory conditions.

It might be fair to compare the current state of development in quantum computing to the early days of supercomputers, just before Seymour Cray revolutionized that industry with the CDC 6600 in 1964. One of the current hurdles to overcome in quantum computer development is the decoherence effect, which means that quantum operations cannot be observed while being processed without causing an error that throws off the whole equation. Most quantum computing implementations also require supercooling down to temperatures 250 times colder than outer space, which requires a great deal of energy. Whoever unlocks the answer to making quantum computing commercially successful stands a great chance to become this generation s Seymour Cray. 
2015-01-22
Google: A Leader In Socially Responsible Investing, But Improvement Needed In ... We see Google as one of the best in this area, but its valuation leaves much to be desired.

In our first article, we saw that the Google (GOOG, GOOGL) was, at this time, not a "buy" for us. We see the upper limit of 2015 pricing at $520, and that the company's fair value sits in the mid-$400s. In a less aggressive setting, the company is valued even lower. We do not like that for an investment opportunity.

In this part of our research, we will focus on the socially responsible aspects of the company. Our findings are very promising. Yet, failing to see an upside in general, we cannot make an overall positive comment. The company should be respected for its work in socially responsible ways.

Socially Responsible Scorecard

There are many ways to understand and develop socially responsible investing (SRI). What is "responsible" for each person is vastly different, and what might be "responsible" to one person might be "irresponsible" to others. That is the toughest part of investigating companies for SRI. While pure capitalism to some is the most responsible approach to business, others may see that this could harm other areas such as environmental stewardship or economic development. Others may believe too much capital invested into socially conscientious programs could hurt profits and investors. Therefore, we will try to present as much information as we can to render the best opinion possible.

Overall, socially responsible investments are more about leadership and paving the way, rather than compliance. Compliance is doing what is required, while corporate responsibility is about leading and doing more than is required. Companies that lead are always the most respected in the long term, and we believe provide both a safe investment platform as well as peace of mind.

The criteria we use to examine the company's overall social responsibility theme are gender equality, employment and diversity, environmental stewardship, leadership values and community involvement. With all research, some areas have more quantifiable parts, while in other areas, there is not as much. We base our research in taking an aggregate look at leading think tanks, research firms and important websites that cover these topics. We split this research into the aforementioned topics to help create a more holistic opinion.

Overview

Google is definitely a leader in ethics, green initiatives, work/life balance, and shows signs of leading in community involvement. The company is weak in diversity and gender equality at the current moment, but it has come out as committed to changing this, and seems to be leading in an industry (technology) where diversity and equality have been issues.

One of the most intriguing signs of how successful the company is in this arena is that it was named among 2014's Most Ethical Companies by Ethisphere, which is the best of the best when it comes to top companies in ethics. We believe that this shows just what Google is capable of. To be on this list is a great honor, and the rest of our research shows this to be true.

Workforce - Diversity, Compensation, Gender Equality

Google has strong ratings on most of its workforce ratings when it comes to compensation and being one of the best places to work for in the USA. Yet, the company seems to be much worse off in terms of workforce diversity as the company and pundits admit.

The company was rated the number one place to work for, according to Fortune. The company's rank in 2013 and 2014 was #1, and it has been on Fortune's list for eight years. The company's benefits do not include onsite childcare or 100% of healthcare costs. The company, though, is extremely well rated for compensation. The company is also Glassdoor's Top Company for Compensation and Benefits. It offers all-day meals to staffers, as well as an average salary of $128K to engineers. Here was a list of benefits:

In addition to high salaries, it has those free buses that pick up employees in San Francisco's Mission District where protesters have charged that Google workers are driving up housing prices, and at spots all over the Bay Area... it offers bikes to commute around the campus and a fleet of electric cars for Googlers who need to drive from the Googlepex elsewhere. Its health care plan is unusually generous and even pays for gender-reassignment surgery including facial feminization for transgender women. Another highly unusual benefit, first made public by my former colleague Meghan Casserly, who it so happens now works at Google and helped me with this piece: when Google employees die, their spouses or domestic partners get 50% of their salary for the next decade and any children receive $1,000 a month until they reach 19, or 23 if the child is a full-time student. Then there are the on-site doctors, physical therapists and chiropractors, smoking cessation programs, cooking classes. There's more, and no surprise that Google is at the top of the list.

These benefits are definitely abundant, and we applaud the company for doing so much for its employees. While some of these are socially responsible, some of them are just perks. Yet, according to the list, Google also ranks the highest on "work/life" balance, which we believe is a key perk that shows responsibility. Companies that have high pay, high benefits, and are commendable for work/life balance are extremely important.

Yet, on the diversity front, Google is not as highly rated. The company is commended up-front for announcing its diversity on its own, but it is not lauded for the results. The company has a 70%:30% level of men:women in its workforce. Leadership is made up of nearly 80% of men, and 83% internationally in tech are men as well. Google is 91% white or Asian in ethnicity as well. Most companies keep this information private, though. With the numbers, the company noted:

We're not where we want to be when it comes to diversity. And it is hard to address these kinds of challenges if you're not prepared to discuss them openly, and with the facts. All of our efforts, including going public with these numbers, are designed to help us recruit and develop the world's most talented and diverse people.

The company, additionally, has done work to promote getting more females into the tech industry. The approach, as far as we can tell, is that it wants to attract females into tech roles. There is a need for more women in the workforce, and we will see where this goes. Right now, the most interesting aspect of this is the work Google is doing. Socially responsible investing is not about focusing on the negatives, but pushing for companies to be better, and Google is doing this.

Yet, the company still has a ways to go. This article from Forbes dives into other issues. While we don't agree with everything here, we find this passage troubling:

"Working in a corporation is voluntary," former Google CEO Eric Schmidt recently told Brian Bergstein of the MIT Technology Review, "and we expect people to buy in to the vision." Schmidt went on to explain the model woman employee that Google most values, an obsessive worker who'll "go quiet for a few hours while taking care of the family, and then they emerge at 11 o'clock at night, working hard to make sure that their responsibilities are taken care of."

This quote shows a clear bias that women should be the ones taking care of the family, and it is from its former leader. The company, though, has invested heavily in preparing its workforce, as the article writes, in being more aware of these biases. We commend Google for this, as it is much more than many other companies are doing.

On the same lines as this article, a UN division that focuses on gender equality also suggested some issues with the company's autocomplete searches, and it hinges on the same overarching theme. The director of UN Women wrote:

"When we came across these searches, we were shocked by how negative they were and decided we had to do something with them," Christopher Hunt, the creative team's art director, told UN Women. Copywriter Kareem Shuhaibar said the campaign shows "just how far we still have to go to achieve gender equality."

The issue here is that the company, in some ways, is responsible for crafting the autocompletion of these. Yet, when we attempted these same searches on our own, the results no longer came up.

Overall, the company is definitely a leader in terms of compensation, benefits, and workforce environment. It is definitely lagging in diversity, but the company readily admits this and wants to make it better. The test will be where the company is in a couple of years from now. If improvements have not been made, then it may suggest that more work needs to be done. Yet, this is a major change that the company is working on, and is a cultural change for all of society as well. The question should not be if there just aren't enough women in computer programming and software, but why aren't there?... What can we do about it?

Green Initiative

Google actually also has pretty strong reviews in its green initiates and ratings. One of the best places to start when investigating a company's green ratings is with the Carbon Disclosure Project. Google rates well in the CDP rankings. It is in the "A" band for CDP Climate Change 2014, with a 94 score. That was an improvement from the "B" band and 93 rating it got in 2013. The company, however, did not submit a water performance, which is not as promising.

For Newsweek's Green American Companies, the company was ranked 281st. Newsweek was not as fond of the company as CDP. The issue is CDP measures more about disclosure and plans for carbon issues, rather than actually measuring the company's plans. For example, Google got a 15% carbon productivity rating, meaning it is very unproductive in its usage of carbon. The company got just under a 40% water productivity rating as well. It was not rated on waste, but the company does get props for having a green audit. Google does not have a sustainability committee, but it does have a division dedicated to it in the company. The company's overall green score came in at 24% versus the highest-scoring company, Allergan (NYSE:AGN), at nearly 85%.

Google's obvious weakness is that it runs a ton of servers and uses a ton of electricity to power its cloud services, technology, and web applications. Though, when you get props from an organization like Greenpeace, things can't be so bad. Greenpeace notes: "Google has pioneered the use of power purchase agreements for wind energy to provide electricity for its services like Gmail and YouTube." The company got a "B" for Energy Transparency, Renewable Energy Commitment, and Energy Efficiency. It got an "A" for Renewable Energy Use. Here is a more detailed summary of the Greenpeace findings:

Google has continued to lead the major Internet brands in purchasing renewable energy at scale to power its massive online ecosystem. The company is now reporting electricity consumption of 3,315 GWh, with 34% of its operations powered by clean energy. Google's use of power purchase agreements to procure clean energy has been adopted by others in the sector, like Microsoft, and it has successfully influenced utilities in Oklahoma and North Carolina to offer new renewable energy options by using its immense business clout. As Google expands its footprint to Latin America and Asia, it will need to maintain its innovative edge to make sure that it continues to source clean energy even in countries that feature dirty electric grids.

The organization also published this intriguing picture:

It is really nice to see Google powering about 66% of the company with some form of renewable energy and just about 25% with coal.

Another interesting part of its green initiatives is Google Ventures, which has made a lot of investments into green energy. The company has invested $1.5B in renewable energy projects, and it continues to help build solar- and wind-powered plants. Check out its latest investment here.

You can learn more about Google's green thoughts here.

Overall, Google is definitely leading in some areas of the green landscape. We think that it needs to improve on some of the areas, such as efficiency. Yet, Greenpeace and Carbon Disclosure Project love the company. We think that it does show leadership in a number of places, but grapples with issues as well that it needs to continue to work on. The company appears committed to this, and we believe that it should once again be commended for this.

Community Involvement

The final area that we investigate companies on is their community approach. Google is a company literally intertwined into our community. It has done a lot for the spread and development of knowledge, but we can question some of that development as well. The company, though, makes a lot of community investments, and it is also leading the way for coding for women, which is a great thing to see.

Unfortunately, we were not able to find any definitive studies on this topic. Most of our research turned up anecdotal pieces. The company was not on the Civic 50, however.

Conclusion

As you can see, Google is definitely leading in many aspects of social responsibility. What's even more impressive is that a company of its size and magnitude is under a microscope, so the fact that it does come out looking positive is definitely a sign that it is a leader in many social attributes. We believe Google will continue to improve in areas where it is weak.

Overall, however, due to its valuation and financial questions, we cannot include the company in our list of favorites.

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Google's Focus in Diverse Areas Makes It a Smart Investment Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is leveraging its performance advertising offerings to assist marketers in connecting with their customers precisely at the right time to deliver excellent results.

Partnering wisely

Its partners have completed several millions of app downloads with AdMob on Google s click to download specific techniques. Google introduced innovative features to assist advertisers in re-engaging with users after download. To thrive with multi-screen marketing, advertisers also seek better measurement tools to calculate the exact timing of their ads driving phone calls from customers leading to conversions on several other devices or result in store visits and enhanced purchases.

Google launched estimated total conversions which is an initiative to better assist the marketers in measuring their multi-screen advertising value. Google has worked continuously and tirelessly in developing this product and introduced cost device measurement methodology for display ads. The clients of Google have already identified the benefits of mobile display efforts driving 15% greater conversions than measured previously.

Google is continuously making enhancements to its products to assist retailers. Google is also assisting the retailers in keeping their inventory latest and organized by successfully concluding the transition of product listing ads to its shopping campaigns platform.

Focus on customer experience

Google is also fulfilling people s demand of having liberty and convenience in finding stores closer to them for making purchases in person. The search giant already had several local inventory ads to allow merchants show this information to the customers in the U.S., and it introduced these in Australia, Japan, Germany, the U.K. and France in the previous quarter.

Google is focused on expanding its brand-building business by creating new and innovative brand-building campaigns. Referring to YouTube, stars posted unique content loved by its users from Mental Floss to Smosh to Bethany Mota. In the beginning of this year, Google released its Google Preferred for connecting the brands with exclusive ad inventory on its highly known YouTube channels.

Google has sold out a bulk of its U.S. Google Preferred launches representing nearly YouTube s top 5% of popular channels inventory. Further, compelling brand events in Australia, the U.K., France and Germany is witnessing incredible interest from local agency partners across the world.

Google also saw impressive progress in its brand initiatives beyond YouTube. It released innovative ad formats especially customized for mobile screens. It also declared to expand YouTube s TrueView ads into AdMob's system of over 650,000 mobile apps. The teams at Google are working tirelessly to enhance both great partner relationships and the products to allow it to deal with any digital marketing challenge through several channels together.

ABC successfully ran a digitally unique marketing plan for its fresh fall TV lineup encouraged by YouTube and Google. Google is extremely encouraged with an innovative deal with Starcom and Mondelez MediaVest. This worldwide deal is believed to focus on display and video and is the biggest digital media deal ever for Mondelez.

DoubleClick suite is leveraged by all key agencies, and Google is mainly focused on video and multi-screen. The usage of DoubleClick has doubled in size on a year-over-year basis considering the impression volume. For publishers, Google allows them to earn through their content leveraging its publisher tools ranging from Ads Exchange to personalized private exchanges complementing its core offerings. During this quarter, Google entered into fresh agreements and private advertising exchange deals with publishers such as Edmunds and Fox TV. This allows publishers to deliver revenue from finest ad space.

Google launched Play Music to 17 new countries, making the total 45 with the continued expansion. At present, Play Books can be found in 61 countries and Play Movies is accessible in 93 countries.

Concerning the hardware launches, Google recently launched three superb innovative Nexus devices, Nexus 9 tablet, Nexus 6 phone coupled with streaming media player powered by Android. In this quarter, Google closely worked with Acer (ACID), Toshiba (TOSBF) and Hewlett-Packard (NYSE:HPQ) to launch five fresh Chromebook devices and partnered with Sony (NYSE:SNE), Samsung (SSNLF), Motorola (NYSE:MSI), LG and Asus to enable the release of innovative Android Wear devices. Google is also selling Chromebook in six fresh countries with their availability currently in 31 countries across the world. Also, it sold over 1 million Chromebooks for education during the quarter, greater than previous quarter.

In September, Google added greater content to Chromecast that include Disney content. It also launched Android One in India with a vision to deliver high quality smaller cost smartphones to a majority of people and targets on expanding the mission to several other countries such as Philippines and Indonesia, going forward.

Focusing on the future

Google recently released Google Cloud Platform for budding organizations and enable them with nearly $100,000 of credits to allow the top startups to leverage Google s Cloud platform. Can Google Inc. Really Rise Over 20% in 2015? Based on price forecasts from Wall Street analysts, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stock offers a big upside potential of more than 20% during 2015. These kinds of estimates should always be taken with a grain of salt; however, there are valid reasons to believe Google could deliver sizable gains for investors in 2015 and beyond.

By the numbers

According to data compiled by Thomson Reuters, the average price target for Google among Wall Street analysts is $623 per share, implying a potential gain of nearly 23% from current levels. The lowest forecast among analysts is $565, implying upside potential of 11%, while the most optimistic estimate is for a price target of $700, this represents a potential gain of 38% from a current stock price in the neighborhood of $508 for class C shares.

These numbers look quite attractive for investors in Google stock, and they sound reasonable from a valuation point of view. Google is trading at a forward P/E ratio of nearly 17 according to consensus estimates on S&P Capital IQ, roughly in line with the average valuation for companies in the S&P 500 index. Fortunately for Google shareholders, their company arguably deserves a higher valuation than the average S&P 500 component.

Google is a market leader in the much promising online advertising business, and it's outperforming most companies in the S&P 500 by a considerable margin. Sales during the third quarter of 2014 increased 20% year over year to $16.5 billion, quite an extraordinary growth rate for a company of its size. Google has robust profit margins in the area of 23% of revenues at the operating level, and the company offers a rock-solid balance sheet carrying more than $62 billion in cash and marketable securities.

Considering growth, profitability and financial strength, Google is broadly superior to most companies in the S&P 500 Index, and a premium company deserves a premium valuation.

The risks

Google operates in an intensely dynamic and always-changing industry landscape. The mobile computing revolution is offering significant opportunities for growth in online advertising, as consumers around the planet are spending a growing share of their time and attention online via multiple screens.

However, ad prices are declining, and this is generating some concerns among investors. Paid clicks increased by a healthy 17% during the last quarter, but the average cost per click, which measures how much money Google makes per click, declined 2% versus the same quarter in 2013. The company is still doing quite well when considering overall demand, but falling ad prices are an important risk to watch.

In addition, competitive pressure is on the rise. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is a particularly strong challenger making big inroads in online advertising. The social network announced an explosive increase in revenues of 59% during the September quarter, reaching $3.2 billion. Mobile advertising accounted for 66% of Facebook's advertising revenue during the period, up from 49% of advertising revenue coming from mobile in the third quarter of 2013, so Facebook is doing particularly well in this crucial growth area.

The opportunity

It's easier for smaller companies to achieve rapid revenue growth, so Facebook and other players will most likely gain some ground vs. industry giant Google over the coming years, but that doesn't necessarily mean the future is bleak for investors in Google stock.

Google's competitive strength is nothing short of remarkable. The company has a market share of 91.5% in mobile search according to NetMarketShare, and Android devices power 84.8% of smartphones around the world based on estimates from IDC. In addition, Google makes many of the most popular apps for IOS, so the company's position in mobile is as strong as it gets.



Google has built an enormously valuable ecosystem of services and applications, including massively popular names such as Gmail, YouTube, Chrome, and Google Maps, among several others irreplaceable properties.

The company becomes stronger as it gets bigger over time, gaining valuable information from users and using it to position its ads more effectively. Growth rates may fluctuate from quarter to quarter, but in the long term, Google is poised to continue delivering a solid financial performance.

Stock prices are practically impossible to predict with precision, so there is no reason to tell for sure if Google will reach its price target in 2015. One thing looks clear, though: When considering the company's strengths and current valuation, Google offers substantial room for gains from current levels. 
2015-04-09
Zynga CEO resigns, founder Mark Pincus steps back in The Zynga logo is pictured at the company's headquarters in San Francisco, California April 23, 2014. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith

Mark Pincus speaks during the Zynga Unleashed event at the company's headquarters in San Francisco, California June 26, 2012. REUTERS/Stephen Lam

In an abrupt changing of the guard, Zynga has announced that Chief Executive Don Mattrick will step down and founder Mark Pincus will return to lead the company as it struggles to adapt to the changing tastes of gamers.

Zynga Inc's (ZNGA.O) shares, which have been below $5 for over a year, were down as much as 11 percent at $2.58 in extended trading following the news.

Sterne, Agee & Leach analyst Arvind Bhatia said the leadership change had sent the "wrong message" because the San Francisco-based company was beginning to move in the right direction under Mattrick.

Mattrick, who Zynga said will receive a $4 million payout, was given the top job in 2013 to help turn around the company's waning fortunes after it failed to capitalize on the popularity of its "FarmVille" game with new hits. As chief executive, he focused on accelerating Zynga's mobile game efforts.

Pincus stayed on as Zynga's chairman and chief product officer at the time and relinquished the last of his operational duties last year.

The company said he has requested an annual salary of $1 as CEO.

Mattrick, who headed Microsoft Corp's (MSFT.O) Xbox business before joining Zynga, will also leave the board, the company said.

"I plan to return to Canada to pursue my next challenge," Mattrick said in a statement.

Barclays analyst Chris Merwin said Zynga now needs "to prove they re able to execute even during yet another leadership transition if they hope to regain investor s confidence."

Zynga suffered a dramatic reversal of fortune in 2012 as gamers dropped its lucrative, Facebook-based desktop games for mobile offerings from rivals such as King Digital Entertainment Plc KING.N, maker of "Candy Crush Saga.

Pincus founded Zynga, once one of Silicon Valley's fastest growing companies, in 2007, and the path to recovery has been tortuous. It posted a loss of $226 million last year and non-GAAP revenue dwindled to $694 million from $1.15 billion in 2012.

In February, Zynga said it would launch six to 10 new mobile titles this year after it reported bookings of $182.4 million, about $19 million less than expected, according to research firm StreetAccount.

The company is also facing a U.S. lawsuit that accuses it of defrauding shareholders about its prospects before and after its December 2011 initial public offering.

(Reporting by Lehar Maan and Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru and Malathi Nayak in New York; Editing by Don Sebastian and Andre Grenon) 
2015-08-18
Alphabet Isn't a Typical Conglomerate HBR STAFF

Alphabet, the new holding company created by Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin, is a portfolio of bold ideas embedded in an ecosystem of talent and financial capital to take on the world s toughest challenges. In the years ahead, Alphabet could dramatically influence business models in many industries.

Its creation marks the beginning of the end of the e-commerce era defined by browsers, search, maps, and apps and monetized through advertising and the beginning of the next arc of digital transformation of industries (automotive, health care, and others) propelled by the combination of human minds and powerful machines. This new entity could bring together human talent, technology scale, and long-horizon venture and investment approaches to construct business models that could pose a formidable challenge to those designed and perfected in the industrial age. In short, I think the new entity is much more than a typical corporate restructuring and promises to become a new type of conglomerate that could attract talent from a variety of scientific and technical fields and challenge incumbents in a wide range of industries.

A digital-era conglomerate. Alphabet is not a throwback to the bygone conglomerate model whose main purpose was to allocate financial capital across divisions and rebalance the portfolio through acquisitions and divestments. It is designed to spawn companies armed with deep science and technology that share a common worldview on machine learning, big data, algorithms, analytics, and the cloud.

Digital companies in the e-commerce era could knit together their business models using standard modules from hardware, software, and cloud companies. The second era requires larger scale in technology and deeper R&D expertise. So Alphabet could gain a conglomerate premium relative to other companies that lack adequate depth and breadth of computational and industry expertise. Interestingly, Alphabet is now competitively positioned against GE with its new focus on the  industrial internet. 

A longer time horizon. The name, Alphabet also reflects Page s and Brin s financial aspirations:  It means alpha-bet (Alpha is investment return above benchmark),  Page said when announcing the creation of the holding company on August 10. But it is not another Silicon Valley venture capital firm seeking extraordinary returns from small number of bets with short time horizons. Venture capitalists help entrepreneurs to scale their companies for an IPO or acquisition by another company. They are disciplined (ruthless) in jettisoning those that may not be on track to scale and win.

Alphabet will have a longer time horizon, which will allow it to take on  moon shot  projects, and it is unlikely that it will sell the companies it incubates. So Page and Brin are different from such legendary venture capitalists as John Doerr at Kleiner Perkins and Marc Andreessen and Ben Horowtitz, the two founders of Andreessen Horowitz. That said, fully expect Page and Brin to work with venture capitalists to pool the financial resources required for the moonshot projects.

A talent magnet. Pursuing bold innovations in health care, life sciences, and space explorations will require core competencies at the intersection of human minds and fast machines (to paraphrase GE s definition of industrial internet). If Page and Brin succeed in attracting such talent, it could unleash innovations in the internet of things, health and wellness, food and agriculture, energy, and urban transportation.

By allowing it to attract experts and retain with enticements of growth stocks, Alphabet s decentralized financial structure may help it in this regard. Its bigger tent also could help it retain talent that otherwise might go to younger, more ambitious upstarts like Uber or Palantir.

Top universities and think tanks may see Alphabet both seeking to collaborate more with them on a broader number of fronts than Google did and enticing their talent to defect to it.

A wake-up call. The creation of Alphabet should worry companies in many industries. Alphabet has singled out health and life sciences, and the impact on this sector could be more profound than what Google did with search-engine algorithms in advertising in the 1990s. It could challenge the ability of IBM s Watson unit to retain top talent, and it could be attractive to technologists and scientists working at GE Software, Microsoft Research, Intel Labs, and Samsung Research, just to name a few.

If Alphabet can scale up Fiber and Loon, the telecommunication industry   especially AT&T, Verizon, and Comcast   also is at risk.

The creation of Alphabet should also concern Apple. Can Tim Cook expand the scope of iOS into areas such as home, automobiles, and entertainment with the same structure and one integrated stock (which Wall Street does not see as a growth stock)?

In short, Alphabet is Page and Brin s catalyst to unleash the next wave of Google-caliber companies in different industries. Digital disruption and the transformation of industries and markets shifted into a higher gear on August 10. Google Couldn't Survive with One Strategy When Google announced the creation of Alphabet, its new umbrella organization that separates Google s  bread-and-butter  businesses like Google Search and YouTube from riskier or non-core ventures like GoogleX and Google Capital, shareholders rejoiced. As Todd Zenger writes in his recent HBR piece,  Why Google Became Alphabet,  investors were somewhat uneasy with Google s approach of mixing unrelated investments, acquisitions and businesses, because it appeared to limit transparency, accountability and discipline. There were also branding benefits to the change, as Kevin Lane Keller explained in another article.

But let s think about Google s move from a strategic perspective: What does the creation of Alphabet tell us about the company s strategic motives?

Alphabet, Larry Page writes on abc.xyz Alphabet s new URL stands for two things: A collection of letters that represent language, the substrate for Google s indexed search results (the company s mature business). Competitiveness in such businesses is usually driven by scale, efficiency and incremental improvements to stay relevant.

But Alphabet also stands for alpha-bets, i.e. bets on alpha (investment returns above a benchmark).  Betting on alpha  refers to investing in projects which may have a low probability of success, but also very significant upside. Project Loon is such a moonshot project, providing internet access to remote regions by equipping balloons with wireless capabilities.

Page s distinction brings to life the idea of strategic ambidexterity: a company s ability of exploring new practices, products and business models while exploiting existing ones at the same time a capability which is both remarkably valuable and equally hard in practice.

As we write in Your Strategy Needs a Strategy, successful companies in today s diverse and dynamic business environments do exactly that: they select right approach to strategy and execution for each part of the business and animate the resulting collage of approaches as circumstances change or each businesses evolves.

So what can strategy-makers learn from Alphabet s example? Three main things. Alphabet s new structure:

1. Allows each unit to deploy the right approach to strategy and execution. Many tech companies have innovation- and engineering-driven cultures typical of nimble, improvisatory start-ups. Many have already built maturing, multi-billion dollar core businesses, however. As parts of a business portfolio grow and develop, different approaches to strategy and execution may be needed. As the market leader in online advertisement, AdWords may need to follow a more classical approach to strategy, with greater emphasis on planning, scale economies, and business model optimization; whereas pioneering businesses may need to employ a visionary approach, which stresses speed and persistence in recognizing and addressing an unmet need with a novel product or business model. Fast changing, unpredictable, embryonic businesses may require an adaptive approach which stresses rapid iterative experimentation and organizational flexibility. And some businesses may present an opportunity to deploy a shaping approach, in which an orchestrating company build a collaborative ecosystem around a shared platform. Attempting to apply a single approach to strategy and execution to these very different situations compromises competitiveness and performance.

2. Makes it easier to build the required capabilities in each business.

In order to effectively apply different strategic approaches in different business environments, a company needs also to be able to support each with appropriately differentiated capabilities and culture. The discipline and efficiency focus of classical businesses engender very different needs compared to devolved, free-wheeling adaptive ones, for example.

With its notorious appetite for hiring engineers and computer scientists, its famous  20% time  policy (which allowed employees to take one day a week to work on side projects) and its campus-based community approach, Google has created a highly distinctive culture.

The new modular approach to strategy and organization realized by Alphabet allows it to vary that unique recipe according to the needs of each business. Visionaries, risk-takers and engineering geniuses may fit better with moonshot companies, and disciplined doers, optimizers and commercial types for their more mature businesses for example. It also allows Google to employ different leadership styles and develop different cultural variations for each.

3. Lowers the hurdles to acquiring and growing companies.

An umbrella organization makes forming and buying new businesses a lot easier, too. Transparent reporting will give shareholders what they are looking for. And a modular structure means that integration challenges are minimized. Forming, buying and selling subsidiaries are a hallmark of experimentation by acquisition. An umbrella structure increases a tech company s flexibility and agility to reshape its portfolio of bets.

Google, now Alphabet, restructured its organization to realize an ambidextrous approach to its business, potentially benefitting both its moonshot projects, its nascent businesses and its mature core business. Google s move is part of a broader trend towards the  fission  of bloated business structures, as evidenced by the increasing incidence of corporate splits and spins. While other factors, like tax and capital allocation, have undoubtedly also played a role, the need to apply more tailored approaches to strategy and implementation in a more diverse and dynamic business environment has been a key driver.  Separation  is not the only approach to achieving ambidexterity, but it is a very effective one for a business portfolio of moderate complexity and dynamism. Google Inc. Spins Off Its Augmented Reality Business Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), which recently transformed into a holding company called Alphabet, will soon spin off its internal augmented reality (AR) game division, Niantic Labs, into a separate company.

Niantic Labs makes Ingress, a sci-fi themed AR for Android and iOS that lets online players complete tasks in real-world locations. Players can play for two factions and establish "portals" at real-life landmarks -- like museums, train stations, and stores -- then connect them to create "control fields" across certain areas. Companies can pay to promote their businesses as portals to attract more customers.

Ingress has been downloaded over 12 million times, and its popularity has attracted over 250,000 people to live events worldwide since 2013. Niantic's other product is Field Trip, a location-based mobile app that launches informative cards when a user reaches a point of interest.

Why Google is spinning off Niantic Labs

Niantic Labs states that it plans to reach "even bigger audiences" by working with new "collaborators and backers" in addition to Google, which will remain a major investor.

This move makes sense for two reasons. First, Google's transformation into Alphabet will provide more financial transparency on side projects like AR and "moonshots" like driverless cars. Since Niantic is likely much less profitable than Google's core advertising business, it makes sense to spin it off from Alphabet's bottom line but retain it as an investment. Second, Niantic Labs can gain more funding from additional investors. This will help it grow much faster than it could with just Google's financial support.

Niantic Labs won't be Google's only investment in the AR market. Last year, Google led a $542 million round of funding in Magic Leap, which is developing an AR headset for gaming. The device, comparable to Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) HoloLens, projects interactive digital objects into the real world to "augment" a user's surroundings. Magic Leap's other notable investors include Qualcomm, Andreessen Horowitz, and Kleiner Perkins.

The AR market's growth potential

Augmented and virtual reality (VR) are often mentioned together, but the AR market is actually expected to be much bigger than the VR one. Research firm Digi-Capital expects the AR market to grow from practically nothing today to $120 billion by 2020. Digi-Capital expects the VR market to be worth $30 billion that year.

The reason is that the AR market consists of a wide range of "reality enhancing" apps for location-based services, e-commerce, communication, gaming, or enterprise tasks. As Ingress demonstrates, AR isn't simply about projecting 3D images into the real world -- it can also enhance it with imaginary digital borders. Meanwhile, the VR market is expected to mostly consist of video games and media played in an enclosed headset.

Real and virtual worlds

This makes AR devices and apps more practical for real-world usage while VR headsets will likely remain in homes and customized viewing environments. But hardware makers might eventually design combination AR/VR headsets that can transition between the two worlds and blur the lines between both markets.

Google's industry rivals also believe in the growth of the AR market. In May, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) acquired German AR start-up Metaio, which develops AR software for major clients like Audi and IKEA. That move fueled speculation that Apple would launch a HoloLens-like device in the future. That same month, Microsoft hired Mass Effect director Casey Hudson to create gaming experiences for the HoloLens. A month later, the company showcased a table-top AR demo of Halo 5 for HoloLens at E3.

What AR means to Google

If more people use AR apps and devices, Google can mine more data from its users. Ingress and Field Trip, for example, were both built on top of Google Maps. A user's actions in those apps can be recorded through a linked Google account, which gives the company more information to craft better targeted ads.

If AR headsets become as ubiquitous as smartphones, Google can promote nearby businesses, based on user interests, on those displays. But based on the failure of Google Glass, it's unclear if AR headsets will ever gain mainstream acceptance. Instead, the near-term future of AR might depend on niche enterprise applications or more subtle smartphone games like Ingress. Google launches Wi-Fi router for home use Aug 18 Google Inc launched a Wi-Fi router on Tuesday, the latest move in the company's efforts to get ready for the connected home and draw more users to its services.

The cylinder-shaped router, named OnHub, can be pre-ordered for $199.99 at online retailers including the Google Store, Amazon.com Inc and Walmart.com.

The router comes with in-built antennas that will scan the airwaves to spot the fastest connection, Google said in a blog post. (bit.ly/1LhYhNB)

With the router, users will be able to prioritize a device so that they can get the fastest Internet speeds for data-heavy activities such as downloading content or streaming a movie.

The router can be hooked up with Google's On app, available on Android and iOS, to run network checks and keep track of bandwidth use among other things.

Google said OnHub automatically updates with new features and the latest security upgrades, just like the company's Android OS and Chrome browser.

The router is being manufactured by network company TP-LINK, Google said, hinting that ASUS could be the second manufacturing partner for the product.

The product launch comes days after Google restructured itself by creating Alphabet Inc, a holding company to pool its many subsidiaries and separate the core web advertising business from newer ventures like driverless cars.

Making products for the smart home is one such venture.

Google last year bought Nest, a smart thermostat maker, for $3.2 billion, aiming to lead the way on how household devices link to each other and to electricity grids.

The global market for "Internet of Things", the concept of connecting household devices to the Internet, will nearly triple to $1.7 trillion by 2020, research firm International Data Corp said in June.

Technology firms including Intel Corp, Cisco Systems, Samsung Electronics and telecom giants Vodafone and Verizon are betting heavily on Internet device-connected homes for future revenue and profit.

Google has also been working on providing faster Internet with its Google Fiber service in some U.S. cities.

It also aims to expand the reach of the Internet through Project Loon, under which it is floating balloons 20 kilometers above the Earth's surface to beam Internet connection to rural and remote areas. (Reporting By Lehar Maan in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Vivint Solar teams up with Google in newly announced "Project Sunroof"  
2015-06-19
Twitter up 4.6% on unconfirmed Google M&A rumors  
2015-12-22
Alphabet Inc Partners Ford Motor Company, Tesla Motors Inc Finds Shortcut Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is in talks with Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) to build a new generation of self-driving cars according to a report published late on Monday.

Automotive News reports that the Detroit automotive giant is in talks with the search behemoth to build the next generation of self-driving cars. Shares in Ford Motors Company were up strongly in pre-market trading on Tuesday, apparently on the back of that news.

Ford joins Alphabet Inc for self driving revolution

Comments about the talks have not been made by either Ford or Alphabet, but it makes sense that the tech giant would want to outsource the building of its cars. The speculated business model for the Google Auto vehicles would see the cars act as a taxi fleet, at least to start.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) counts Alan Mulally among its board members. He was the CEO of Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) from 2006 to 2014. Earlier this year Google founder Sergey Brin said that the firm was looking for a manufacturing partner in order to help it roll out its cars.

Reports say that the firms will unveil their partnership at CES 2016. The show takes place in Las Vegas in January. If the reports are true we ll get the details in a number of weeks, but the roll out will have to be fast. Other firms in the self-driving space seem to be developing quicker than expected.

Tesla Motors promises self-driving cars very soon

While Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) works on getting its self-driving cars built by Ford Motors Company (NYSE:F), one of the most visible firms in automotive automation says that progress is faster than ever before. Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) says that it s going to be able to get fully self-driving cars on the road in about two years.

In an interview with Fortune, which was published on Monday December 21, Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk said  We re going to end up with complete autonomy, and I think we will have complete autonomy in approximately two years. 

He added,  It s a much easier problem than people think it is. But it s not like George Hotz, a one-guy-and-three-months problem. You know, it s more like, thousands of people for two years.  George Hotz is the famed hacker who claimed he could beat Tesla Motors  current self-driving system with just three months of work and parts off the shelves.

Mr. Musk reckons it will take his firm a year or so to get regulatory approval for the tech. That means, if Mr. Musk is right, that driverless cars may be one the road, and available for purchase, before the end of the decade.

Musk is known for making grand pronouncements about progress at his firm and it s been shown, with great regularity, that he s an optimist when it comes to delivery dates.

Whatever the timeline, it appears that self-driving tech will soon, at least at some level, crest the horizon between laboratory experiment and real world product. Whether it s Ford, Tesla or Alphabet who gets there first remains to be seen. Foogle: Google And Ford Self-Driving Car Deal  Tech may prey on other industries in 2016 Getty Images Hey startups, big companies may be preying on you next year

Colossal deals like the $67 billion acquisition of EMC by Dell made 2015 the most lucrative year for tech deals ever   and there are no signs of it abating.

In 2016, tech companies will feast even more on companies in other industries, as they expand into new markets such as auto, entertainment and healthcare, and work to grow their expansive array of offerings in cloud computing and mobility.

This could give way to more small- and mid-sized transactions, as major tech companies like Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% and Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -1.29% scoop up smaller companies, both private and public, with niche specialties.

 We re seeing a lot of cross-sector M&A, tech buying into specific domains, like healthcare,  said Jeff Liu, the technology sector head for transaction advisory services at Ernst & Young LLP.  The landscape has become pretty bimodal. 

The tech industry comprised 18% of total M&A transaction value in 2015, though only accounted for one of the top 10 largest global M&A deals, versus two each for the food and beverage, oil and gas and healthcare sectors, according to Dealogic. Total deal value across all industries in the U.S. skyrocketed to $2.4 trillion, nearly $1 trillion more than last year and setting a new record.

Also see: Chip sector s record deal-making could continue

Despite comprising a smaller portion of megadeals, 2015 was a breakout year for tech M&A, with deal values year-to-date in the U.S. totaling nearly $449 billion, versus the previous record of $315 billion from 2000, according to Dealogic.

Top 5 global technology M&A deals YTD not including spinoffs Date announced Deal value Target Target nationality Acquiror Oct. 12 $66 billion EMC USA Dell May 28 $36.6 billion Broadcom USA Avago Technologies Oct. 21 $18.9 billion SanDisk USA Western Digital March 2 $16.8 billion Freescale Semiconductor USA NXP Semiconductors June 1 $16.7 billion Altera USA Intel Dealogic

In 2015, transactions such as IBM Corp. s IBM, -0.66% $1 billion purchase of Merge Healthcare and Apple s purchase of Faceshift, whose face-reading software generates human-like animated avatars for movies, helped Silicon Valley branch into new areas of the economy.

The trend of smaller-sized deals is expected to continue through at least 2016, with nearly half of the 1,600 tech executives polled recently by EY saying they are planning a merger or acquisition within the next year. About a third said they were planning acquisitions outside of the tech sector, with most citing a need to meet changing consumer behavior through rapid product innovation.

Also see: Tech startups may be up for grabs in 2016

KPMG, which plans to release the findings of its own survey on M&A next month, said its clients have grown  tremendously  more bullish on dealmaking over the last three to four months, an  early indicator,  it said, of what is to come next year.

Annual U.S. M&A values and volume since 2010 Date Deal Value Number of deals 2010 $899.3 billion 10,142 2011 $998.5 billion 10,561 2012 $974 billion 12,321 2013 $1.12 trillion 10,125 2014 $1.56 trillion 10,735 2015 YTD $2.45 trillion 10,153 Dealogic

 There s a strong desire to find ways to grow inorganically,  said Phil Isom, head of KPMG s global M&A practice.  The market will remain strong, if not even stronger, in 2016. 

While megadeals haven t played as large a role in tech as in some neighboring industries, that s not to say external factors, such as a tax repatriation holiday, won t prompt more in 2016.

In an interview with  60 Minutes  this week, Apple CEO Tim Cook, whose company is often criticized for sitting on more than $200 billion in cash, $75 billion of which is held overseas, said a tax holiday might encourage Apple to put more of its money to work.

This kind of incentive would add to the low interest rates that have made borrowing cheap, and huge cash build-ups in certain industries, particularly tech, that have fueled a significant amount of appetite for tech M&A already.

In 2015, a number of tech deals exceeded $1 billion, including Avago Technologies  AVGO, +1.01% $37 billion deal for Broadcom, Western Digital Corp. s WDC, -0.84% $19 billion deal for SanDisk, NXP Semiconductor s NXPI, -0.44% $17 billion deal for Freescale Semiconductor, Intel Corp. s INTC, -1.07% $17 billion deal for Altera, and Fidelity National Information Service Inc. s FIS, -0.45% $9.2 billion deal for SunGard.

 With more economic stabilization, you ll see more activity,  said Liu.  More companies trying to capture market share through M&A.  The changing face of extreme wealth in Canada New money is nipping at the heels of old money in the ranks of Canada s richest people.

Uber Technologies Inc. co-founder Garrett Camp and early Google Inc. investor David Cheriton joined the top 10 Canadians in the Bloomberg Billionaires Index for the first time this year while wealth among the country s established families largely shrank along with the country s currency.

Camp, who was born in Calgary, made it into Canada s top 10 ranking after a July financing round valued Uber, the ride-share company, at $50 billion. The 37-year-old, who is Uber s chairman, is ranked eighth, with his wealth rising more than $900 million from the end of 2014 to $5 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg as of Dec. 16. Camp didn t respond to a request for comment left with the San Francisco-based company.

Related

Cheriton, 64, a Stanford University professor who was an early investor in Google and co-founder of technology company Arista Networks Inc., cracked Canada s top 10 richest list for the first time to land in seventh spot, according to Bloomberg data. Cheriton, who was born in Vancouver, is worth $5.1 billion, up $2.4 billion this year for the biggest gain of any Canadian. Shares of his primary asset   Google parent Alphabet Inc.   surged 44 per cent for a market value of more than $520 billion.

W. G. Galen Weston, 75, who helped build grocery chain Loblaw Cos. into Canada s largest food retailer, kept his title as Canada s richest person in 2015 despite a dwindling fortune in U.S. dollar terms. Weston, who is also part-owner of upscale U.K. department stores Selfridges & Co. and Fortnum & Mason Plc, had a net worth of $8.4 billion, according to the index. That s down from $9.7 billion at the end of 2014 as the Canadian dollar slumped about 17 per cent against the U.S. dollar amid a global commodity rout. Messages left for Weston through George Weston Ltd. and Loblaw weren t returned.

Refinery Boost

Atlantic Canada s oil magnate Arthur L. Irving managed to increase his wealth this year. The operator of Canada s largest refinery and more than 950 gas stations in Eastern Canada and New England, benefited as the cost of crude, the raw material for his businesses, slid. He is the nation s second-richest man in Canada with a $6.5 billion fortune, after adding $1.4 billion to his net worth this year, up from sixth spot at the end of 2014. Messages left with Irving through Irving Oil Ltd. weren t returned.

Sherry Brydson is Canada s wealthiest woman, with a net worth of $6.5 billion. The cousin of David Thomson and part owner of the Thomson family s investment company Woodbridge Co., held fourth spot in 2014. Brydson is the wealthiest member of the Thomson clan that owns the majority of Thomson Reuters Corp., a competitor to Bloomberg LP. Bloomberg was first to report how the press-shy extended family divides up ownership. The Thomson family declined to comment through a Woodbridge spokesman.

Thomson Drops

British Columbia billionaire James Pattison dropped to fourth spot from second last year after being overtaken by Weston in 2014. Pattison s net wealth shrank to $5.6 billion from $7.8 billion mainly due to his 44 percent stake in forest products company Canfor Corp., whose stock is down about 33 percent this year. Pattison said he s never considered himself among Canada s richest.

 We re in the business of trying to mind our own business,  Pattison, 87, said in a Dec. 14 telephone interview from Vancouver.

The closely held Jim Pattison Group Inc. has 41,000 employees worldwide and $9.1 billion in sales for 2015, said Pattison. His Vancouver-based conglomerate has more than a dozen businesses including media distribution, grocery stores, outdoor advertising, auto dealerships, Ripley Entertainment Inc. and Guinness World Records.

Thomson, 58, dropped two spots to 10th after his net worth slipped to $4.2 billion, just behind Jeffrey Skoll, the first full-time employee at EBay Inc. who now produces movies. He moved up one position to ninth spot with his $4.3 billion fortune. Emanuele Saputo, chairman of Saputo Inc., Canada s largest cheesemaker, no longer ranks among Canada s 10 wealthiest after his fortune slid to $3.8 billion. Saputo, 78, was seventh at the end of 2014. A phone message with Saputo, whose shares are down about 7 per cent this year, wasn t returned.

Thirteen Canadians rank among the world s 400 richest people, with a combined net worth of $68.5 billion, according to Bloomberg.

Bloomberg.com 
2015-09-09
Opinion: The numbers don't lie: Apple's stock is a bargain In late July, I said investors were looking at a  golden opportunity to buy Apple s stock  after the iPhone maker s shares declined 4%.

That drop followed a fiscal third-quarter earnings report that showed strong earnings and sales growth, but the company disappointed investors with a lower-than-expected outlook for fourth-quarter sales.

Since then, Shares of Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% tumbled 18% from $125.22 on July 22 to a 2015 closing low of $103.12 on Aug. 24, before recovering to $110.15 on Wednesday. So the shares are down 12% since I made my call. On Wednesday, the shares were down 1.9%, following Apple s annual rollout of new products, including the iPhone 6s and 6S Plus, the iPad Pro and a new Apple TV streaming device.

Apple executives also discussed partnerships with several companies, including IBM, Cisco, Microsoft, in order to better orient the iPad Pro toward enterprise customers.

Follow: Apple event live coverage

Of course, I didn t predict the S&P 500 s SPX, -0.68% 8% decline since July 22 either. It appears I was  early  in suggesting that Apple would be a good long-term investment. Then again,  long term  means being committed for several years, and not reacting to the day-to-day fluctuation of the stock market.

FactSet Apple s stock has more than tripled over the past five years, but it hasn t always been a smooth run.

A major concern for analysts following the fiscal third-quarter earnings announcement was the possibility that Apple could face pressure on sales in China, where economic growth seems to be slowing. Sales in China more than doubled to $13 billion in the three months ended June 27.

Read: Apple s stock drop ahead of iPhone event could be good news for investors

Then again, Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha said in a note to clients on Thursday that  there will be continued volatility around the supply chain, given concerns over China demand even if Apple does not seem to have been impacted yet. 

Apple sold 169 million iPhones during fiscal 2014. Garcha expects sales for fiscal 2015 to rise to 234 million,  expanding to 241 million (in 2016) before plateauing.  He said upgrades will provide a  healthy tail wind to growth,  with large-size iPhones penetrating 70% of the iPhone market by the end of fiscal 2016 from  sub-30% today. 

The numbers tell the story: Apple s stock is cheap

Apple is, by far, the largest company in the world by market capitalization. The market value is $641 billion, with Google Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% coming in second place at $397 billion, if we include both the Class A and Class C GOOG, -0.09% shares.

Here are the 10 largest S&P 500 companies by market cap, including sales growth over the past 12 months:

Sales numbers have been adjusted by FactSet to exclude certain items, including revenue from foreign-exchange contracts.

Doubting Apple s ability to keep up a strong sales-growth pace is nothing new, but as you can see, it leads the 10 largest S&P 500 companies, four of which are technology firms.

The difference is even more stark when looking at growth of sales per share:

We included Google s Class A shares in this table, since the company split its shares into Class A and Class C in April 2014. The Class C shares are subject to dilution. Any further common shares the company issues will be Class C.

Apple s continuing buybacks lowered its average fiscal third-quarter diluted share count by 5% from a year earlier.

Read: How Apple s big events help its rivals

Buybacks have gotten a bad name, being seen as evidence that many companies lack innovative ways to expand their business with excess cash. Some may also use the buybacks simply to maintain the share count while doling out huge stock-based compensation packages to top executives.

Read: The real reason to worry about obscenely high executive pay

But in the case of Apple, the buybacks are shareholder-friendly, boosting already fantastic sales-growth numbers and earnings, as we ll see below.

This table shows how much more money Apple is making than other large companies:

Only J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -1.17% has posted faster earnings growth than Apple over the past 12 months, as the bank s legal and other costs associated with the credit crisis have declined.

Here s EPS growth over the past 12 months for the 10 largest S&P 500 companies:

For so many tech stocks, investors focus on sales growth rather than earnings growth. That is especially true for Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -1.29% But Apple continues to achieve outstanding results in both areas.

But the naysayers have a lot of influence, as you can see when looking at price-to-earnings multiples. The S&P 500 trades for 16.7 times the weighted aggregate consensus earnings estimate, among analysts polled by FactSet. Apple always trades at a big discount to the S&P 500 by this measure.

Here are current-year price-to-earnings ratios for the same 10 companies:

J.P. Morgan is the cheapest stock on the list by current-year P/E, but large banks tend to trade at a considerable discount to the S&P 500. Apple is the second-cheapest, trading at just 12.3 times current-year estimated earnings.

Apple s stock still looks like a bargain for long-term investors, despite years of doubt about its ability to continue boosting iPhone sales. Yes, it s always the case that past results don t determine how a company will do in the future, but there s no denying that Apple continues to surprise analysts and investors by putting up strong numbers as the years go by. 
2015-02-04
Google vs. Uber: The Future of Ride Sharing Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

35:10 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) US FCC chief seeks tighter regulation of Internet providers U.S. Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler testifies before a House Energy and Commerce Communications and Technology Subcommittee hearing in Washington in this file photo taken on May 20, 2014. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst

WASHINGTON The top U.S. communications regulator on Wednesday proposed to tighten regulations on Internet service providers by treating them more like public utilities, an approach endorsed by President Barack Obama.

Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler, in an op-ed on Wired.com, said he sought the "strongest open Internet protections ever proposed by the FCC" that would apply, for the first time, to both wireless and wired Internet services providers.

The proposed rules to preserve net neutrality, the principle that all web traffic should be treated equally, would ban Internet providers from blocking or slowing down websites or charging companies for swifter delivery of their content in deals known as paid prioritization.

But Wheeler also sought to address some Internet service providers' concerns, proposing no price regulations, tariffs or requirements to give competitors access to their networks.

That and the largely expected nature of the proposal prompted investors to bid up cable and telecom stocks, including Comcast Corp, Verizon Communications Inc, AT&T Inc and Time Warner Cable.

Wheeler's latest proposal would reclassify Internet service providers as more heavily regulated "telecommunications services" under Title II of the communications law, instead of the current, more lightly regulated "information services."

Wheeler on Thursday will share his latest plan with other FCC commissioners. The five-member FCC will vote whether to enact new rules on Feb. 26.

Such a change would represent a victory to smaller web companies and net neutrality activists who have argued that lack of such regulation would give unfair advantage to larger websites that can afford to pay for faster content delivery.

That push has fueled widespread backlash from Internet providers, which argue that while they support net neutrality, such regulatory reclassification would impede investments and innovation.

The broadband industry is expected to fight the rules in court, and Republicans in Congress are working on legislation to set net neutrality rules while restricting the FCC's authority. Without Democrats' support, any such legislation is expected to face Obama's veto.

Under the proposed rules, the FCC for the first time would fully apply anti-blocking and anti-discrimination rules to mobile carriers alongside wired ISPs, such as cable companies.

The FCC authority would also expand to previously unregulated deals that content companies, such as Netflix Inc, strike with Internet services providers on the back-end of the network, known as interconnection agreements. The FCC would review them on a case-by-case basis.

The FCC has been working on new net neutrality rules since a previous version was struck down in court in January 2014 in a case brought by Verizon.

Wheeler initially proposed to allow "commercially reasonable" paid prioritization deals, which upset net neutrality advocates and helped draw more than 4 million comments from the public. Obama later sided with critics, calling in November for the "strongest possible" net neutrality rules.

"We're certainly encouraged to see that the FCC is heading in the same direction of safeguarding net neutrality with the strongest possible protections," White House spokesman Josh Earnest said in a press briefing on Wednesday.

The debate over net neutrality has also put a sharp focus on the pending $45 billion merger of two of the largest cable companies, Comcast and Time Warner Cable. It is currently being reviewed by the FCC and Department of Justice.

FCC officials on Wednesday said net neutrality rules "had nothing to do with any proposed transactions." But UBS analysts said in a note that they would give the FCC "more than enough authority to police any negative consequences" of the merger and so lowered the regulatory review hurdle.

(Reporting by Alina Selyukh; Additional reporting by Roberta Rampton in Washington, Liana B. Baker and Sinead Carew in New York and Malathi Nayak in San Francisco; Editing by Christian Plumb and Dan Grebler) 'Grand Theft Auto' publisher Take-Two ups full-year profit forecast Game enthusiasts purchase the latest release of ''Grand Theft Auto Five'' after the game went on sale at the Game Stop store in Encinitas, California September 17, 2013. REUTERS/Mike Blake

Take-Two Interactive Software Inc, the publisher of video games such as "Grand Theft Auto", said it expects a slate of unreleased games to drive sales and raised its revenue and profit forecast for the full year.

The company's shares rose 7 percent in extended trading on Tuesday after it also reported quarterly revenue and profit way ahead of average analyst estimate, helped by the runaway success of "Grand Theft Auto V" for new consoles.

Sales of eighth-generation consoles such as Microsoft Corp's Xbox One and Sony Corp's PlayStation 4 jumped 13 percent last December, data research firm NPD said.

Take-Two's sales will be driven by new titles such as the first-person shooter game "Battleborn" and the latest versions of its "NBA" basketball game and "WWE" wrestling game, Chief Executive Strauss Zellnick told Reuters in an interview.

The company also has "high hopes from the online version of strategy game "Civilization" by designer Sid Meier, which will release next year, Zellnick said.

Take-Two raised its adjusted revenue forecast to $1.65 billion-$1.70 billion for the year ending March 31, up from $1.4 billion-$1.5 billion. It also raised its adjusted profit per share forecast to $1.65-$1.75 from $1.05-$1.30.

"It's uncomparable. No one is selling games in this volume," Daniel Ernst, an analyst with brokerage Hudson Square Research, told Reuters. "They just focus on making content that people will pay for."

The latest console version of "Grand Theft Auto V" was the fourth-most sold title in the United States last year, NPD said. The latest version was launched in mid-November.

The game, set in fictional locales, lets the user complete missions for the overall story and also engage in side activities like driving, shooting and sleeping with prostitutes.

The game has developed into a cultural phenomenon over the years, sparking a national debate on adult content and violence in video games.

"They make entertainment that people will pay for irrespective of the medium," Ernst said.

Sales from the "Grand Theft Auto" series, "NBA 2K15" and the "Borderlands" first-person shooter game franchise raked in most of the revenue for Take-Two in the third quarter ended Dec. 31.

The company, which also publishes "BioShock Infinite", got about 23 percent of revenue from digital online content.

In contrast, revenue was split almost equally between digital and physical sales for rival Electronic Arts Inc, known for its "FIFA" football game.

Take-Two's adjusted revenue jumped 24.3 percent to $954 million. Adjusted net income rose to $211.6 million, or $1.87 per share, from $210.7 million, or $1.70 per share, a year earlier.

Analysts expected a profit of $1.52 per share on revenue of $797.7 million.

Take-Two shares gained 61 percent in 2014.

(Editing by Joyjeet Das and Andrew Hay) China to ban online impersonation accounts, enforce real-name registration People use computers at an Internet cafe in Changzhi, north China's Shanxi province in this file photo taken on June 20, 2007. REUTERS/Stringer

BEIJING China will ban from March 1 internet accounts that impersonate people or organizations, and enforce the requirement that people use real names when registering accounts online, its internet watchdog said on Wednesday.

China has repeatedly made attempts to require internet users to register for online accounts using their real names, although with mixed success.

The ban on impersonations includes accounts that purport to be government bodies, such as China's anti-corruption agency and news organizations like the People's Daily state newspaper, as well as accounts that impersonate foreign leaders, such as U.S. President Barack Obama and Russia's Vladimir Putin, the Cyberspace Administration of China (CAC) said on its website.

Many users of social media create parody accounts of prominent figures and institutions to poke fun at them.

The new regulations are part of efforts to impose real-name registration requirements on internet users and halt the spread of rumors online, CAC said.

The measure reflects China's tightening control of the internet, which has accelerated since President Xi Jinping took power in early 2013.

Internet companies will have the responsibility to enforce the rules, said the CAC. Among these are Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK), which runs hugely popular instant messaging services WeChat and QQ, and microblog operator Weibo Corp (WB.O), as well as several online forums.

Weibo strongly supports adoption of the regulations and will strengthen its management efforts, a spokesman said by e-mail. In the past month, Weibo has removed 293 accounts with "harmful names", including those which are political, pornographic and related to public security, he said.

Tencent declined immediate comment.

China operates one of the world's most sophisticated online censorship mechanisms, known as the Great Firewall. Censors keep a tight grip on what can be published online, particularly content seen as potentially undermining the ruling Communist Party.

On Tuesday, the CAC accused NetEase Inc (NTES.O), a U.S.-listed Chinese web portal, of spreading rumors and pornography. And last month, 133 WeChat accounts were shut down for "distorting history", state media reported.

(Reporting by Paul Carsten; Editing by Jason Subler) 
2015-01-19
Insight - Israel's high-tech boom is double-edged sword Israeli entrepreneur Avi Brenmiller sits at the control center of his new solar power company Brenmiller Energy near the southern town of Dimona in this September 9, 2014 file photo. REUTERS/Nir Elias/Files

Germany's then-President Christian Wulff (R) and Avi Brenmiller, CEO of Siemens' solar receiver production plant, wear protective glasses during a visit to the plant in Beit Shemesh in this November 29, 2010 file photo. REUTERS/Amir Cohen/Files

TEL AVIV Israeli entrepreneur Avi Brenmiller says he was coaxed by investors into selling Solel, his solar-thermal power firm, to Germany's Siemens for $418 million in 2009. Today, little is left of it after Siemens pulled out of the business.

From a thriving company that employed over 500 people, Solel has been reduced to a factory with 50 workers.

Brenmiller's experience is one of a growing number of cases illustrating the double-edged nature of Israel's high-tech boom.

While many entrepreneurs and investors have made lots of money from Israel's start-ups over the past two decades, increasingly firms acquired by foreign buyers are then either shut down, with their intellectual property moving abroad, or turned into R&D centres for the parent company.

Israel's high tech industry is a major growth engine and investment magnet, attracting multinationals like Apple, Intel and Google, who have been eager to snap up local start-ups.

High-tech goods and services account for 12.5 percent of Israel's gross domestic product (GDP) and half of its industrial exports, government data shows. Israel leads the OECD when it comes to R&D, spending 4.3 percent of GDP on it, nearly twice the OECD average, according to Ernst & Young.

Companies often tap into the skills of workers trained in the military or intelligence sectors and start-ups benefit from tax breaks and government funding.

But Karin Mayer Rubinstein, head of the Israel Advanced Technology Industry association, said that while M&A brought money into Israel, patents were being "vacuumed" out.

"In the last few years, most of the companies being bought don't stay here as a separate entity," she said.

JOBS WARNING

Many Israeli companies are not growing into global players that acquire others rather than being acquired. This trend is creating an economic problem, said tech pioneer Dov Moran, who sold his firm M-Systems - which developed the USB flash drive - to SanDisk for $1.6 billion.

He said some companies should be sold because they would not be successful on their own. He pointed to Google's $1 billion acquisition of mapping start-up Waze as one such case.

"But the fact that companies are sold is not really great for the country. Only R&D is kept in Israel, not sales, not logistics," Moran said. "We need companies that are creating jobs not just for talented engineers and programmers."

After job creation in the high-tech sector grew an average of 2.5 percent annually from 2004-2012, it has started to shrink, contracting nearly 2 percent in total in the past two years, government figures show, even as the overall jobless rate fell.

Looking back, Moran said that had he stayed the course, M-Systems could have grown to a company with $3-$4 billion a year in sales. Today it operates as a SanDisk R&D centre and its workforce has fallen to 700 from 1,000 before the sale in 2006.

There are 282 R&D centres in Israel, most owned by foreign firms. Eight out of 10 Israeli technology firms bought by multinationals become a foreign R&D centre in Israel, or are integrated in existing foreign R&D centres, said the Israel Venture Capital (IVC) Research Center.

Entrepreneurs say investors are often looking for high returns as quickly as possible.

"To build a long-term success story takes hard work, many years and lots of patience," Brenmiller said.

Patience is not a strong point in Israel's start-up culture, where entrepreneurs like to move from one idea to the next.

Israeli venture capital-backed companies take an average of 3.95 years from the first round of funding to acquisition, compared with 6.41 years in Britain and 6.66 in France, according to third-quarter 2014 figures from Dow Jones VentureSource.

SIGNS OF MATURITY

Solel is not alone in its experience. Chromatis Networks was one of the biggest acquisitions ever of an Israeli company when it was bought by Lucent in 2000, but was shut down about a year later. IBM closed XIV in 2008 about a year after it paid $300 million for the storage technology firm, according to IVC.

But there are some signs the sector is starting to mature as more companies are willing to wait longer before selling, aiming to build themselves up to a stand-alone size.

In 2014 there were 70 Israeli "exits" - stake sales from mergers, acquisitions or initial public offerings (IPOs) - valued at nearly $15 billion, according to PriceWaterhouseCoopers (PwC). But of that, $9.8 billion was in IPOs - up from $1.2 billion in 2013 - while the value of M&A fell to $5 billion from $6.5 billion.

This can partly be attributed to the fact many successful entrepreneurs are on their second or third company, said Rubi Suliman, head of high-tech at PwC Israel.

Brenmiller is one such case. He poured $20 million from the sale of Solel into establishing Brenmiller Energy, which has developed a more efficient way to store heat from the sun.

To keep more companies, the Israeli government needs a long-term plan for incentives and support rather than simply early-stage aid, Rubinstein said.

With wealthier entrepreneurs and less pressure to sell, some believe Israel could begin producing more large companies such as network security provider Check Point Software.

"It is very understandable that a second-time entrepreneur with a large bank account is much more patient in his next venture and much more willing to take risks," said Suliman.

(Editing by Pravin Char) Nestle plans to invest $138 million in Egypt in next few years A bird flies past the logo at the headquarters of world food giant Nestle in Vevey October 16, 2014. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse

CAIRO Swiss food giant Nestle plans to invest about 1 billion Egyptian pounds ($137.93 million) in Egypt in the next few years and believes economic reforms could deliver results, its regional CEO said on Monday.

Political and economic instability triggered by the uprising that toppled autocrat Hosni Mubarak in 2011 have not discouraged Nestle from investing about the same amount in the years since then.

"Certainly the kind of investments we have made over the last three to four years are the kind of vision that we would have for this market also going forward," Suresh Narayanan, its North East Africa Region CEO, told Reuters in an interview.

Nestle aims to invest in manufacturing, new products and the nutrition and health industries, he said.

Food is seen as a fast-growing sector in Egypt, the most populous Arab nation with 90 million people.

A flurry of mergers have boosted activity on the Cairo bourse, suggesting growing international interest in the country as the economy starts to pick up again.

Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who as army chief toppled Islamist president Mohamed Mursi in 2013 and then went on to become elected president, has taken bold steps, such as easing fuel subsidies, that have won praise from foreign investors.

While Narayanan said it was important for Egypt to gain greater stability, Nestle and other companies seem more focused on the government's promise to make life easier for investors.

Egypt has said it will introduce a new investment law by March that will create a one-stop shop for foreign companies frustrated by bureaucracy.

 I believe the steps that are being talked about in terms of improving the investment laws, improving the laws of labor, improving the overall friendliness that the country has towards investments, all augurs well," said Narayanan.

 It is a long road. Miracles are not going to happen in days or weeks."

Other food and beverage retailers such as Coca-Cola Co, PepsiCo and Saudi Arabia's Almarai have announced investments worth hundreds of millions of dollars in Egypt.

(Corrects word in paragraph 2 to "instability")

(Editing by Andrew Roche) 
2015-12-02
Alphabet Inc's YouTube Red Is Actually Making Money In October, Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google launched YouTube Red, a $9.99 per month subscription service which strips ads from all YouTube videos, grants access to original content from some of YouTube's biggest stars, and unlocks premium features to its YouTube Music streaming app. Users can also save videos and play videos in the background.

Google introduced a free one month trial starting on Oct. 28 for U.S. users, but it's unclear when YouTube Red will arrive in other markets. At the time, many people were skeptical that the service would work due to YouTube's reputation as a free service. However, its iOS app was recently ranked as one of the top ten grossing apps on the iPhone in the U.S., indicating that a large portion of trial members have been converted to paid members.

Solving YouTube's profitability problems

It's unclear how much revenue YouTube generated with these conversions, but it could help YouTube finally achieve profitability. Google acquired YouTube for $1.65 billion in 2006, but it didn't start generating meaningful revenue until 2010 by introducing skippable ads. Advertisers were more willing to buy these ads, since they only had to pay if an ad was fully watched.

In 2011, Google invested $100 million into its YouTube Original Channel Initiative to support the launch of Google TV. That ambitious effort convinced A-list stars like Madonna and Tom Hanks to host their own YouTube channels, but it quickly became too costly to maintain. Over the past two years, YouTube let advertisers use Nielsen technology to gauge viewership of their ads, reserve ad spots on videos from top YouTube stars, and add "buy buttons" to videos.

Last year, YouTube's revenue rose 33% annually to $4 billion, according to The Wall Street Journal's estimates, accounting for about 6% of its top line. However, expenses incurred from paying for content and investing in streaming technology gobbled up those revenues and caused YouTube to simply break even on the bottom line. This convinced YouTube to broaden its audience and diversify its top line away from ads. That's why it spun off new platforms like YouTube Kids, YouTube Gaming, and YouTube Music, and launched YouTube Red to collect subscription fees.

Following in Netflix's footsteps

Google's move into subscriptions is clearly influenced by Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX). Netflix popularized subscription-based ad-free streaming TV shows and films, which gradually replaced the a la carte model popularized by iTunes. To reduce the hefty licensing fees it pays to content providers, Netflix started producing its own premium shows and movies. Google, realizing that people are now willing to pay for ad-free videos and original content, is trying to tap into that same market with YouTube Red.

But instead of producing pricey shows like House of Cards, YouTube wants its own in-house talent to create original content. However, the terms are harsh -- any partnered creator who declines the new YouTube Red contract will have their videos on both the ad-supported and ad-free tiers hidden from view. These top YouTube partners previously earned a 55% cut of ad revenues. Google has stated that these creators will receive the "majority" of its subscription revenues, but hasn't disclosed any exact figures.

Countering Facebook

Google is also using YouTube Red to counter Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) alarming growth in video. Research firm comScore estimates that Facebook surpassed YouTube in total U.S. desktop video views last year. Ampere Analysis estimates that Facebook could deliver two-thirds as many video views as YouTube across all platforms by the end of this year.

Facebook is capitalizing on that growth by imitating YouTube's strategies. Over the past year, Facebook let its users embed their videos on third-party sites, started sharing ad revenues with content creators, added a new feature called Suggested Videos, let celebrity users stream live video to followers, and introduced 360-degree videos similar to YouTube's 360 videos. In October, it started testing a dedicated video channel as a separate tab on its home page.

The more time Facebook's 1.55 billion monthly active users spend within this video ecosystem, the less time they spend in Google's ecosystem. As a result, Google gathers less user data to create targeted ads, which hurts its core advertising business.

Don't call it a pillar of growth yet

YouTube Red's appearance as a top grossing iOS app is surprising, but let's not call it a "pillar of growth" yet. Some of those paid users might have forgotten to cancel their trial subscriptions, while others might still be sitting on the fence.

But if YouTube Red is successful, it could help YouTube diversify its revenue away from ads while expanding its ecosystem to include video, music, and gaming videos. That growth could help YouTube counter Facebook's growth and help it challenge streaming leaders like Netflix and Hulu. 
2015-07-13
Google to Pump in $100M in Security Firm CrowdStrike? Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. Xiaomi success inspires every man and his dog to make smartphones in China Mobile phones are seen on display at an electronics market in Shanghai, China, June 24, 2015. REUTERS/Aly Song

Customers look at mobile phones on display at an electronics market in Shanghai, China, June 24, 2015. REUTERS/Aly Song

A customer look at a mobile phone on display at an electronics market in Shanghai, China, June 24, 2015. Picture taken June 24, 2015. REUTERS/Aly Song

HONG KONG/BEIJING The call of the world's biggest smartphone market is proving irresistible for entrepreneurs in China, where even purveyors of concrete mixers, refrigerators and rock music are mimicking local trailblazer Xiaomi Inc [XTC.UL] with their own handsets.

But the market shrank in early 2015 for the first time in six years and sales have fallen at one-time leader Xiaomi. That sudden about-turn raises questions over whether there is any chance for the likes of construction machinery maker SANY Group Co Ltd [SANYG.UL], Gree Electric Appliances Inc of Zhuhai and veteran rockstar Cui Jian.

The slowdown may be too much for all but the largest handset makers, much less a plethora of me-toos, some analysts say. In a crowded market plagued by price wars, entrants will have to convince buyers to abandon established brands with phones that surpass even premium models, U.S. research firm Gartner said.

"It's not that easy to go bankrupt making phones, but it's also not easy to be profitable," said Taiwan-based Gartner analyst CK Lu, who covers the mainland smartphone market. "If you don't have good differentiation, you're putting yourself in a saturated market."

China had 155 smartphone brands selling over 1,000 handsets a month as at end-March, from 110 two years ago, said analyst Neil Shah of Counterpoint Research. In neighboring India, there were 103 brands, over half of which are Chinese.

But small players compete for just one-fifth of the market as the rest is occupied by the 10 biggest incumbents - including Apple Inc, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, Lenovo Group, Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] and Xiaomi - according to Gartner.

FAIRY TALE

Bringing a smartphone to market in China costs as little as a few hundred thousand dollars, with money going on licensing and off-the-shelf designs from manufacturers. For greater scale, involvement in design, marketing and offline sales distribution send costs into the hundreds of millions of dollars, said Shah.

Few entrants are likely to last without mass sales, like Xiaomi, or other businesses to support money-losing smartphone divisions, like Lenovo. Their best chance is to link handsets to new sectors such as wearable devices and smart home appliances, analysts said.

But new hopefuls are lured to the market by the fairy tale success of Xiaomi. In December, investors valued Xiaomi at $45 billion less than five years after its founding, making the firm one of the world's most valuable startups.

Chinese startup Smartisan was established in 2012 and, like Xiaomi, has gained popularity based primarily on social-media marketing and word of mouth, rather than expensive advertising.

"Xiaomi's phones were definitely already successful (in 2012)," a Smartisan spokeswoman said in an email. "Because of that, getting investment and bringing in talent for smartphones became much easier... Before Xiaomi, this would have been very difficult."

ATTACK OF THE CLONES

Xiaomi, whose sales are mostly domestic, saw phone shipments rocket 227 percent last year. But the firm's fortunes wavered last week when it reported semi-annual sales that for the first time were lower than the previous six months.

The decline came after researcher IDC in May said smartphone shipments in China fell in the first quarter for the first time in six years, by 4.3 percent, due to "market saturation".

"You have so many new things, so much noise, so many new brands coming all the time," said Dan Dery, chief marketing officer of Alcatel OneTouch, part of Chinese smartphone maker TCL Communication Technology Holdings Ltd.

"I see a lot of our competitors trying to replicate Xiaomi just by putting a cheap phone online," he said.

A case in point is ShenQi, a smartphone firm started in April by current world No. 3 Lenovo. Like Xiaomi, its remit is to sell high-quality handsets over the Internet, touting software specially designed for a heavy-user target audience.

"Xiaomi does so many products now," Chen Xudong, then-head of ShenQi and now President of Lenovo Mobile Group, said in a May interview. Xiaomi has expanded from an exclusively online smartphone vendor to make other consumer electronics and home appliances.

"It's not the same experience as when they launched," he said. "A lot of companies when they grow up, they'll probably change their strategy. That's the key reason we (ShenQi) still have an opportunity."

Rather than copying Xiaomi's original model, China research director Nicole Peng of Canalys said entrants' opportunities lie in making wearables and smart appliances as well as smartphones - akin to Xiaomi's current strategy.

"I think no more than three new brands can be commercially successful in the short term, any others will only acquire a tiny portion of the market," said Peng. "But if they want to be profitable just selling phones, the chances are very, very low."

(Additional reporting by Gerry Shih and SHANGHAI and HONG KONG Newsrooms; Editing by Christopher Cushing) Nintendo CEO who broadened video game appeal dies of cancer TOKYO Nintendo Co Ltd (7974.T) Chief Executive Satoru Iwata died of cancer on Saturday, months after he led the Japanese video-game maker's belated entry into mobile gaming following years of declining sales. He was 55.

The death of the hands-on CEO and president, announced by Nintendo on Monday, comes at a critical time for the company which is betting that its new smartphone tie-up with online game maker DeNA will help make up for declining console sales.

Iwata long resisted investors' calls to move into mobile games for fear of cannibalizing Nintendo's traditional console base. He announced the move in March as stiff competition from console rivals and mobile games continued to drag on sales.

The company did not announce a replacement but Genyo Takeda, senior managing director and one of the lead developers of Nintendo's Wii console, will lead the committee for Iwata's funeral - a sign he could be taking on the leadership role.

"They say it's not yet decided who the next CEO will be, so there's a slight uncertainty," Japan Asia Securities deputy general manager Mitsuo Shimizu said. "This comes just as we saw a glimmer of hope for the company."

Nintendo has forecast it would double annual operating profit in the year through March thanks to the DeNA tie-up.

Despite some concerns over succession, Kyoto-based Nintendo's shares rose 1.49 percent, in line with the broader Tokyo market .TOPX. Deutsche Bank analyst Hanjoon Kim maintained a "buy" rating on the shares and said Takeda and other long-serving board members would likely ensure stability.

GAMER AT HEART

Takatoshi Itoshima, chief portfolio manager at Commons Asset Management, said the main task for the next CEO would be to carry out Iwata's smartphone project.

"The next goal for the management is to carry this on,  he said.

Takeda and fellow senior managing director Shigeru Miyamoto, creator of the Mario and Donkey Kong hit games, will be the sole remaining representative directors.

Iwata had surgery in June last year to remove a growth in his bile duct and had returned to work. He attended an annual shareholders' meeting on June 26, but his condition suddenly deteriorated in the last few days, Nintendo said.

Iwata's main legacy was broadening the appeal of video games with the bestselling Wii, which included fitness titles and fantasy battles. Gaming fans took to Twitter to mourn his death, and even rival Sony Corp's (6758.T) PlayStation account said: "Thank you for everything, Mr. Iwata."

Iwata, who became president in 2002 at the relatively young age of 42, was the first CEO from outside the founding Yamauchi family.

Hooked on computer programming in high school, Iwata told developers he was a "gamer at heart". In his later years, though, he came under pressure from investors amid competition from Sony and Microsoft (MSFT.O) and a shift in casual gamers to smartphones.

(Additional reporting by Chang-Ran Kim, Yoshiyuki Osada and Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Stephen Coates) Upside Likely for National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) After MLP Formation  
2015-02-09
Exclusive: Qualcomm nears $1 billion deal resolving China antitrust dispute A Qualcomm sign is pictured in front of one of its many buildings in San Diego, California November 5, 2014. REUTERS/Mike Blake

BEIJING Qualcomm Inc is likely to pay China a record fine of around $1 billion, ending a 14-month government investigation into anti-competitive practices, after the U.S. chipmaker and the regulator made significant progress during talks last week.

The deal, which may also see Qualcomm lower its royalty rates by around a third on patents used in China, could be announced as soon as Monday, a source said.

Discussions in Beijing over one of the most contentious cases under China's 2008 anti-monopoly law have intensified in recent weeks, culminating in meetings between Qualcomm senior executives and National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC) officials on Friday.

Qualcomm's fine would be the largest paid by any company in China. The company would also agree to make changes to its licensing practices, though those are not expected to alter its business model.

"The NDRC will soon release a new antitrust settlement," Xu Kunlin, the head of the agency's antitrust division, said at a law conference on Monday, according to an article posted on the website of the official Securities Times. "Qualcomm will be fined several times the total amount the NDRC fined last year."

For the fiscal year ended Sept. 28, Qualcomm earned about half its global revenue of $26.5 billion in China, with a large chunk of profit coming from higher-margin royalties earned from the company's licensing arm.

The NDRC probe disrupted that business, fostering disputes with existing licensees and causing other firms to delay signing new licenses, though Qualcomm reached a settlement with one "major Chinese licensee" even as the investigation continued, Qualcomm President Derek Aberle told analysts last month.

San Diego-based Qualcomm has also been seeking to deepen its presence in the Chinese market by transferring technology and investing in next-generation chip users. In July, it said it would partner Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp, a major Chinese chipset maker, to manufacture Qualcomm's Snapdragon processors. It also plans to invest up to $150 million in Chinese start-ups to help develop mobile technologies for Internet, e-commerce, semiconductors, education and health.

The NDRC didn't immediately respond to a request for comment. Christine Trimble, a Qualcomm spokeswoman, declined to comment.

FOREIGN FIRMS NOT TARGETED: XU

A settlement would be a milestone in Xu's controversial tenure at the NDRC's antitrust division. He was promoted late last year to concurrently head the agency's powerful pricing bureau.

Attorneys, executives and experts who have been drawn into NDRC's antitrust investigations have complained of a culture of intimidation under Xu.

Underscoring how the issue became a focus of commercial friction between the world's two largest economies, U.S. President Barack Obama pressed his Chinese counterpart Xi Jinping during November talks on the use of antitrust policy to limit royalty fees.

The NDRC has defended its antitrust work as fair and transparent. Xu told a news conference in September that foreign businesses were not being targeted.

In recent months, four international business lobbies have raised concerns about how China's antitrust regulators carried out investigations. At least 30 overseas firms, including U.S. software giant Microsoft Corp and South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, have come under scrutiny.

(Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Stalking Police With Waze? Here Is Why Google Inc. Should Shut It Down Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) needs to shut down mapping service, Waze, and sooner is better than later. The company is getting plenty of value out of its $1 billion buyout anyhow, and recent controversy around the service will only hurt its public image.

That is the big takeaway from my recent interview with Pete Tenereillo, founder of GPS replacement service, PathSense, and noted expert on social networking and navigation services. His Trapster app helped motorists warn one another of speed traps years before Waze started offering a similar feature.

So with Waze running into trouble with the law enforcement community over exactly that type of police-tracking functionality, Tenereillo had already been through that battle many times.

Apple eventually banned Trapster from its app store, and the service shut down entirely at the end of 2014. That was four years after Tenereillo had sold the company to Nokia (NYSE:NOK) and moved on to found PathSense. It is hard to find an insider with a better view of the Waze situation than Pete Tenereillo.

And he was very clear about what Google must do. Waze was never a good fit for the "do no evil" image, but it was still a smart acquisition, even at the lofty $1 billion deal price. Tenereillo told me:

It's not about money, but it's about Google as a whole. Here's this "don't be evil" company, and they're getting a bunch of attention that is potentially not so positive. As the guy running Trapster, my goal was to get the media saying "Trapster" as many times as possible, and all publicity was good publicity. Even when it wasn't positive, I was getting my brand out there in front of people. But there is such a thing as bad press when you're Google, and you have a wholesome public image to defend. Or Nokia, who bought my company. In Trapster, Nokia had this thing that they weren't really sure they wanted. The message changed from Trapster helping people to avoid speed traps and became less clear. Nokia presented it as something that helps you with traffic, and safety, but the core functionality was swept under the rug. And over time, Nokia lost the whole Trapster user community, which at 22 million users was fairly significant. They had to shut it down. Does it ever makes sense for a multibillion dollar, multinational company to sell a product that clearly helps people avoid law enforcement?

It did not make sense for Nokia, and still does not for Google. It is not about the alleged use of Waze as a means of stalking police but as a way of avoiding speeding tickets and DUI violations. Then, we throw in the fact that drivers are expected to report accidents, police hangouts, and other traffic features while driving, all at a time when texting and driving is the focus of heavy media attention, and the whole picture just does not add up to something that Google would value.

Sure, shutting down Waze would alienate the 50 million users who love the service, but that is just a drop in the bucket next to the massive Google Maps user base. That comes installed by default on every official Android phone and tablet. How large is that market? Analysts reported over a billion Android devices sold in 2014.

So, if Google cares about its "don't be evil" mantra, the company had better close the door on Waze before its controversy starts to infect Google as a whole. But, Tenereillo assured me, Google did not completely waste $1 billion on this buyout.

Who are we kidding? The speed trap thing is a feature for avoiding police enforcement. And it's very effective. A company like Google can't do that. Shutting down Waze won't affect Google's stock price, with just 50 million users falling by the wayside. Mark my words: Waze will be gone within a year. But the buyout brought a bunch of engineers into Google, with years of mapping expertise and crowdsourcing experience. Even if Waze hadn't brought in any users or an application, it would still have been worth a billion dollars to Google just for the staffing value. Certainly, Google didn't need another map. But even at $10 million per employee, Waze is a good way for Google to add high-quality talent.

So, Google may have to shut down Waze before the mapping service becomes a liability. But the buyout kept Waze out of the hands of Apple and other rivals, landed a ton of great engineering talent in Mountain View, and should help Google improve its core Google Maps service over time.

Basically, it is a deal with some collateral damage but a valuable buyout nonetheless. Foolish colleague Tim Brugger painted this picture before, and even yours truly saw Waze as a social media play more than as a mapping buy. Now Pete Tenereillo nods along in approval.

As a Google shareholder, I would have preferred to see the company gain a more direct benefit from this splashy big-ticket buyout, but I agree that Waze will not be a total loss for shareholders. 3 Reasons Google Stock Could Fall As with any business, continued growth requires overcoming challenges, and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is no different. In fact, following its fourth quarter and 2014 annual earnings announcement on Jan. 29th, we learned the challenges Google faces have at least a few shareholders concerned. That said, these hurdles are not necessarily reasons to shun Google as an investment, but investors would be wise to keep an eye on the following key areas.

The song remains the same

Leading up to the latest earnings report, much of the chatter surrounded ongoing problems maintaining its cost-per-click, or CPC, ad rates. Unfortunately, last quarter did nothing to mitigate those concerns. Google CPC rates declined 8% on its sites year-over-year, and that followed a 4% drop the prior quarter.

The problem? As more users access the Internet via mobile devices, advertisers are loathe to pay the same fees as they do for desktop ad results -- and Google is paying the price. Of course, that "price" is somewhat relative. Google continues to set new revenue records year-in and year-out, and last quarter is an indication why. Yes, CPC rates dropped again, but the number of paid clicks jumped an impressive 14% year-over-year, including significant improvement from YouTube.

Another mobile challenge

In addition to the impact mobile device users have on Google CPC fees, increased competition from the likes of Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is also taking its toll. Of its 1.39 billion monthly average users, an impressive 1.19 billion access the social network via their mobile device. Not surprisingly, all of those Facebook "friends" are accounting for significant mobile ad revenues.

Facebook generated over two-thirds of its $3.59 billion in ad-related revenue from mobile last quarter -- a staggering 53% year-over-year improvement. And this rapid mobile growth is beginning to make an impact on Google's market share. In 2013, Google owned about 50% of the mobile ad market, compared to a 17.5% share for Facebook. Last year, estimates indicate Google market share dropped below 47%, as Facebook jumped to nearly 22%.

Concerning? Sure, declining market share is rarely a good thing. That said, Google is implementing several mobile-specific ad tools for its marketing partners that should help stem the tide. Not to mention, Google remains head-and-shoulders above Facebook and everyone else in digital advertising revenues, mobile or otherwise.

Rumor has it

Google contracts with the manufacturers of mobile devices that are equipped with Google services like search and maps, and that has been a steady source of traffic, helping Google remain the undisputed king of search. However, there may be a significant threat on the horizon -- its long-time agreement with iEverything maker, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), as the default search engine on the Safari web browser is soon coming to an end, assuming the rumors prove correct.

Google still owns nearly 75% of all U.S. search traffic, but that is down to levels not seen in seven years. And the Apple iOS and Safari browser carry some weight. In January, about 48% of smartphone Internet searches and 69% of tablet searches were done via a Safari browser.

With numbers like those, the competition is eager to get in on the action, ready to challenge Google for a place as the default Safari search engine. However, it will be no easy task to dethrone the reigning king of search.

Like the falling CPC rates and mobile challenges, Google will need to address this declining market share. Overall, the company remains a strong investment option for mid and long-term investors. The 1 Chart That Should Keep Google Inc. Investors Awake at Night All is not well at search giant Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) these days.

In the wake of yet another disappointing earnings release last week, Google stock has continued to be shunned by investors as it has for much of the past 12 months. At a time when technology stocks in general have rallied, Google stock has noticeably dipped.

So what's wrong at Google?

For all its recent achievements, and there are many, it's clear Google's greatest blessing has now become something of a curse.

The one chart Google investors should fear

Google's aggressive move into mobile has already proven a seminal moment in its charmed corporate history. In a few short years, Android has transformed Google from a nonfactor in the world of computer operating systems into having the most used computing platform on Earth by a factor of more than two times.

Although Android's rapid rise offers more positives than negatives, its ascent has been accompanied by its fair share of headaches for Google. As you can see below, Android's emergence has had a notably negative effect on what is arguably Google's most important financial metric.

Android ushered in an era of untold ubiquity for Google's search engine and third-party ad networks. Paid clicks, another key metric for Google, have absolutely exploded since the company launched advertisements on Android. However of late, serving so many new ads on much smaller screens has had a deleterious effect on Google's per-ad profitability. Is It Time to Buy Facebook, Inc Stock? After posting another strong quarter, albeit with a couple of hurdles to address, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) should be flying high, right? Turns out investors weren't overly impressed, as demonstrated by Facebook's blas  stock price. Despite the solid quarter and year, Facebook's share price is down about 3% year-to-date.

And there is some method to the Facebook naysayer's madness: 2015 is going to be a year of transition. Diving headfirst into new advertising mediums, which in turn will put Facebook squarely in the sights of digital ad king Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), assimilating significant acquisitions, and managing expenses will all challenge CEO Mark Zuckerberg and team this year. So, what's a growth investor to do?

Opportunities abound

As it turns out, Facebook's Jan. 28 Q4 and annual earnings announcement is likely to be a microcosm of what investors can expect in the foreseeable future. Of its many revenue opportunities, utilizing video ads as a mainstream alternative for Facebook's marketing partners is at, or near, the top of the list in terms of driving future growth.

Zuckerberg has made it clear that he won't sacrifice the Facebook user experience by inundating the site with ads simply to increase sales -- and he doesn't have to. Along with Google, Facebook is perhaps the king of gathering, analyzing, and implementing user data to ensure the right ad, is shown to the right user, at the right time. The result is that Facebook is able charge industry-leading rates that marketers are more than willing to pay for, because they work.

The success of video spots is why Facebook is able to charge as much as $1 million per day, and marketers are lining up for more. This year alone, video ads are expected to total nearly $8 billion in revenue, and that will continue to climb going forward. Google's YouTube currently rules the video ad roost with about 19% of the overall market, but with Facebook going all in, the search king is going to have a fight on its hands.

For long-term investors, Facebook also boasts a host of future growth opportunities. WhatsApp, Messenger, and Instagram are all gaining monthly average users, or MAUs, at astonishing rates. WhatsApp is now over 700 million MAUs, Messenger has topped 500 million, and Instagram grew over 50% last year alone to over 300 million MAUs. As impressive as the user growth of Facebook's properties has been, the beauty for investors is that none of them have been monetized to any extent. In other words, Facebook is sitting on several relative goldmines that have yet to be mined.

As always, there are challenges

For short-sighted investors, which are likely responsible for Facebook's relatively ho-hum stock price performance so far in 2015, skyrocketing expenses are a concern -- and to some extent, they're right. Last quarter alone, Facebook's overhead jumped to $2.72 billion, up 87% compared to Q4 of 2013. Making matters worse, or at least giving Facebook bears more ammunition, is spending is expected to increase again this year, according to Facebook CFO Dave Wehner, between 50%-75%.

Some may also question Facebook's relatively stagnant user growth. You may recall Facebook had 1.35 billion MAUs at the end of 2014's Q3, and that total only rose to 1.39 billion by year's end. However, there are a couple of factors to consider regarding Facebook's MAUs. One, user growth is still skyrocketing, but on Facebook-owned properties, as opposed to saturated main site. Also, with significant portions of the globe still without Internet connectivity, Facebook's biggest hurdle is getting the billions without Internet online.

To Facebook's credit, even as its total MAUs are inching up, engagement levels as measured by Daily Average Users, or DAUs, are climbing by leaps and bounds. Of its total monthly users, a whopping 890 million access Facebook every day.

There are few stocks that offer so many opportunities for future growth as Facebook. And for long-term growth investors, what makes Facebook even more attractive is knowing it hasn't even scratched the surface of many of those opportunities. Near-term? Yes, spending will raise the flags of investors with short time horizons, which is just fine, because that's why Facebook is such a great value. Is GoPro Inc.'s Deal With Roku a Media Game Changer? Action camera maker GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO) recently announced a deal with Roku to launch a new channel on the latter's streaming set-top boxes. The new channel, which will feature GoPro-produced and user-submitted content, will be similar to the GoPro Channel, which is currently available on Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube, Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Xbox Channel, and Virgin America's flights.

GoPro states that when the channel launches this spring, it will diversify away from its traditional content of extreme sports with more footage of musicians, animals, and "how to" videos showing how the featured GoPro footage was shot. It will also feature more professional content via its partnerships with the National Hockey League and the X-Games.

GoPro previously declared intentions to build a media network to diversify its top line away from action cameras, which are now being challenged by cheaper competitors with comparable specs. However, Roku's channel marketplace is already crowded with similar "channel apps" from Time Warner's HBO, Disney's ESPN, Netflix, and other well-known digital channels.

Nonetheless, the Roku deal is a big step for GoPro toward becoming a legitimate media network. Let's take a look at the key benefits of this expansion.

The business of streaming media

Many "cord cutters" have been ditching their cable providers in favor of Internet-only services like Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Prime, which has fueled demand for streaming sticks and set-top boxes. NPD Group estimates that 25% of U.S. households will own a streaming device by the end of 2015, up from 16% last year. That percentage is expected to rise to 40%, or nearly 40 million homes, by 2017.

Roku, the current industry leader in the U.S., controlled 29% of the domestic market in the first nine months of 2014, according to Parks Associates. Google's Chromecast came in second with 20%, followed by Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) TV at 17%, and Amazon's Fire TV at 10%.

Assuming that Roku maintains control of at least a fourth of that market, this means that roughly 10 million homes could have access to GoPro's network by 2017. If GoPro strikes similar deals with Google, Apple, and Amazon, it could easily double or triple that figure.

A tiny but growing business

Today, GoPro's YouTube channel has nearly 2.7 million subscribers. According to YouTube tracking site Social Blade, that would translate into ad earnings of just $19,200 to $306,000 per quarter -- paltry figures for a company that posted $634 million in revenue last quarter. When we consider that some of the GoPro Channel's content is professionally commissioned, it's highly likely that the media business is operating at a loss.

Although the GoPro Channel doesn't generate meaningful revenue, it can help reduce its sales and marketing expenses -- which rose 61% year over year last quarter -- by spreading virally across social media. That's the real reason the channel exists -- its videos are all advertisements that users voluntarily watch. From the Xbox Channel, users can even order GoPro cameras from the Microsoft Store, with sales being split between GoPro and Microsoft -- something that the Roku tie-up won't initially offer.

To expand its fledgling media business, GoPro has hired several experienced digital media executives. Last November, GoPro hired media veteran Zander Lurie, who previously worked at CNET and CBS, as its senior VP of media. Before that, it hired Adam Dornbusch, the former business development head of Current TV, as programming chief, and former Skype CEO Tony Bates as the division's president.

Long-term risks and rewards

GoPro's deal with Roku is a positive development that will help the company keep promoting its brand as a lifestyle. However, I don't think it will be an instant "game changer" that will rapidly expand its media presence. Instead, I think the investment will take several years, after more households buy streaming devices, to pay off.

Until then, GoPro should be careful about spending too much on securing media deals and commissioning professional content. As a user-powered network, GoPro is a great way to promote the brand virally. But if GoPro gets carried away and tries to evolve into ESPN, it could become a wasteful money pit that will weigh down its bottom line. 
2015-12-25
Fraud and Theft Cost Advertisers $8 Billion a Year: Can Alphabet Inc. Clean Up ... Fraud and theft in digital advertising are costing companies a massive $8.2 billion a year in the U.S., according to a recent report from the Internet Advertising Bureau that categorized the misdeeds into invalid traffic, "malvertising," and infringed content. That's a staggering number, given that the digital ad market was estimated to be somewhere in the neighborhood $49 billion to $51 billion in 2014.

On one hand, that would seem to spell trouble for the companies that make their money in the growing digital ad space, including heavyweights such as Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Facebook, and Twitter. With fraud reportedly so rampant, companies have ample reason to tread carefully in digital ads as long as there are still viable legacy media such as TV, radio, and print still reaching large audiences.

But on the other hand, it presents a significant opportunity for companies working to clean up this mess, finding ways to guard against fraud, theft, and other shady practices.

Google sits at the forefront of this work, and it recently unveiled a feature to combat one rampant, dishonest practice: the creation of fake Web traffic.

As the leader of the digital ad market, it has the most to lose in this game. Google in 2014 owned a massive 41.6% of the digital ad space, according to research firm eMarketer.

AdAge reported earlier this year that Google has a team of more than 100 employees working in an anti-fraud unit that is "locked in a war against an unknown quantity of cybercriminals who are actively siphoning billions of dollars out of the digital advertising industry, primarily via the creation of robotic traffic that appears human." The magazine got an unusual inside look at some of the work of the team finding and figuring out ways to beat fraudsters using things like bots to drive fake traffic.

More on that in a moment, but first let's take a quick look at the problems plaguing the digital ad industry today.

An evolving market with evolving problems

Businesses have many reasons to be skeptical about digital advertising. Some forms, such as the display ads that clutter your browser windows, haven't proved very effective -- unless you're gauging their ability to slow down your browsing or irritate readers. On top of that, ads have trended more and more toward serving as obstructions to enjoyable Web use than anything else. Ad blockers are compounding those problems.

Click-through rates have long been dismal and are not a very effective way of judging the effectiveness of many ads, since the goal is not always to get a user to click.

But those problems seem more like growing pains in a still-young industry with a long runway of growth ahead, as digital platforms continue to take advertising share from legacy media such as TV, magazines, newspapers, and radio.

Corruption in the market, on the other hand, is a serious concern, since it can undermine the faith companies have in digital advertising and can effectively stifle growth.

Where corruption is happening, and where Google is helping

The single biggest area of "corruption" outlined in the IAB report involves traffic to websites generated by bots. That alone costs companies some $4.6 billion, IAB says. The problem is evident: Machine visits to Web pages and ads register just the same as real visits, except no human actually ever sees the ad or the content being promoted.

Stolen content such as pirated video or unauthorized use of articles makes up the second largest area in the IAB report, at an estimated $2.4 billion, and "malvertising" -- ads that redirect you to sites you don't want to go to or download files you didn't want -- makes up the third-largest area at $1.1 billion

Earlier this month, Google unveiled a feature that will help fight on the largest front, working to curb traffic that's not authentic. The company says its DoubleClick Bid Manager can block the use of fraudulent domains masquerading as real sites, attracting real traffic.

In short, Google's technology can detect when a publisher fraudulently misrepresents domain information, and it can filter out that those sites from its inventory of available websites before advertisers can bid on it. According to an article in MediaPost, Google had found this activity sometimes accounted for up to 40% of the inventory on an ad exchange.

Always more work to do

The DoubleClick Bid Manager won't singlehandedly solve the fraud problem costing advertisers some $4.6 billion a year, but it is a significant step from the world's largest digital ad platform. More threats exist, and with so much money at stake, those bent on stealing or deceiving will continue to find ways to exploit cracks in the system.

The work by Google's anti-fraud team is unlikely to make many headlines around earnings time, but it is crucial work in building up trust with advertisers that will be crucial to the company -- and others -- as the digital ad market matures. 
2015-05-24
1 Awesome Way Apple Inc. Is Building Customer Loyalty Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next-generation iOS, known as iOS 9, will run efficiently on devices with processors as old as the Apple A5, according to a report from 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman (via MacRumors). Gurman's sources reportedly say that Apple has "restructured its software engineering process to better support older hardware."

What does this mean, exactly?

A new way of building iOS

In the past, Apple would build a "feature-complete" version of iOS and selectively disable features that "do not perform well during testing," says Gurman. However, with iOS 9, Apple reportedly plans to do things differently.

Gurman says Apple will put together a "core version" of iOS 9 that will run well on devices powered by the relatively dated A5 chip. Then, for more powerful devices, Apple will enable "properly performing" features "one by one."

This, Gurman writes, means "an entire generation (or two) of iPhones, iPads, and iPod touches will be iOS 9-compatible rather than reaching the end of the iOS line."

Why is this a big deal?

One well-known advantage of owning an Apple device over, say, a run-of-the-mill Android device is that as an Apple customer, you can count on being able to run many new generations of iOS. Vendors of Android devices are generally slow to bring the latest versions of Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android to older devices -- if they bother to do so at all.

For example, according to Tech Times, Samsung won't be providing an update to its Galaxy S3 smartphone to support the latest Android 5.0 Lollipop release. In contrast, the iPhone 4s -- which actually preceded the Galaxy S3 by over six months -- received an update to iOS 8 and, if 9to5Mac's report is accurate, will be getting iOS 9.

Furthermore, what I find even more interesting is that Apple isn't just content with slapping the newest version of iOS on older devices without regard to performance; it's actually investing in trying to deliver a smooth experience to owners of these phones.

Giving up a short-term gain to build long-term customer loyalty

Gurman notes there is speculation that Apple intentionally tries to hurt performance of newer versions of iOS on older devices in a bid to spur upgrades, but -- again, as Gurman observes -- what Apple is reportedly doing with iOS 9 runs counter to this notion.

Some could argue that this may hurt Apple in the short term; after all, Apple makes its money by selling new devices, and giving people more reasons to upgrade could be a good thing.

However, the more I think about it, the more it seems this is the right way to go. If customers have confidence that the last product they bought from Apple was well supported and lasted a long time, this builds customer loyalty and could potentially increase the odds of repeat business.

Additionally, it sounds as though with Apple's new development methodology, the latest versions of iOS will run smoothly on relatively dated hardware, but iPhone users with more powerful devices will be able to enjoy a smooth experience with, of course, additional features and functionality.

If Gurman's report is correct, it seems as though Apple is making the right moves for the long term. And, as a Fool, that's what I like to see. 
2015-06-29
Out of the shadows, China hackers turn cyber gatekeepers BEIJING China, long accused by the United States of rampant cyber aggression, may be synonymous with hacking exploits these days, but that doesn't mean every Chinese hacker is out to pilfer and destroy.

As Chinese companies grapple with a sharp increase in the number of cyber attacks, many hackers are finding it increasingly lucrative to go above board and join the country's nascent cyber security industry.

Zhang Tianqi, a 23-year old Beijinger, cut his chops in high school trying to infiltrate foreign websites, skirting domestic law by probing for vulnerabilities on overseas gaming networks.

Now, after a stint working at internet bluechip Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, he is the chief technology officer of a Shanghai-based cyber security firm which owns Vulbox.com, a site offering rewards for vulnerability discoveries, and internet security media site FreeBuf.com.

"I'd been messing around in the field in my early years, but luckily it just so happens now that there's this trend of China taking information security very seriously," Zhang said on June 18, from his office in a high-tech development in eastern Shanghai.

China's President Xi Jinping has made cyber security a national priority as the country starts to feel the impact of rapid economic growth occurring without a corresponding development in data protection.

In May, China's National Computer Network Emergency Response Technical Team, a non-profit agency, said it had recorded 9,068 instances of data leaks in 2014, three times as many as in 2013, reflecting the "grim challenges" of Chinese cyber security, according to the official Xinhua news agency.

To try and tackle this, dozens of cyber security companies are now cropping up across China according to industry observers, populated by young techies with bona fide security skills and work experience at firms like Alibaba, Tencent Holdings Ltd and Baidu Inc.

China is hoping that eventually domestic cyber security groups will provide most of its companies with defenses against hacking, rather than them relying on foreign firms like Symantec, Kaspersky and EMC Corp's RSA.

The gradual professionalism of China's bedroom hackers traces the country's rise as an economic and technological force, and its sometimes conflicted position in the escalating global data security arms race.

The U.S. government has attributed sophisticated attacks - including the large-scale data theft this month from the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) - to increasingly advanced state-affiliated teams from China.

But former hackers say the majority of their peers are joining a burgeoning industry to help China firms fend off the numerous attacks they face themselves.

China has denied any connection with the OPM attack and little is known about the identities of those involved in it.

The Cyberspace Administration of China told Reuters in a June 19 fax that it opposes "any form of network attack" and does "not allow any groups or individuals to engage in network-attacking activities" within its borders.

CRACKDOWN

The cyber security industry's growth was partly spurred by a government crackdown on China's hacking community five years ago - around the same time Beijing passed a series of laws banning hacking and spamming tools and requiring telecom operators to help suppress attacks.

Government sweeps largely silenced once-raucous online forums like kanxue.com, where hackers traded tips and boasted about their conquests.

Many chose to shift from "black hat" activities to "white hat" ones, using their skills to find network vulnerabilities so that they can be fixed.

"Many people feel that now white hats have some space to do things, or make money, while hackers can't do bad things anymore," said one hacker who asked not to be identified because of his former work with the government.

Aside from companies like Alibaba, Tencent and Baidu beefing up their defenses, China's government has also been working to ramp up the data security of the country as a whole.

Agencies including the Cyberspace Administration of China have led educational efforts around promoting data security.

Still, many "white hats" say Chinese companies continue not to take the matter of information security seriously enough, neglecting to hire enough people in-house to protect themselves.

"I hope we can give people a wake-up call," said the former government hacker.

Even with the current progress, it's likely to be a long and laborious effort, with China saying it is often the target of sophisticated attacks from overseas.

Last month, Chinese security company Qihoo 360 Technology Co Ltd issued a report saying it had discovered a series of cyber-intrusions against important Chinese targets that lasted for years. These include a government maritime agency, research institutions and shipping companies.

Zhang says that while the finger is often pointed at China for hacking attacks, the country is still playing catch up with the United States on both the cyber security, and cyber espionage fronts.

"When China's measured up against the American giants, the level of their hacks, their data security, the scale and the harm they can do is all much greater."

(Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard, and Jeremy Wagstaff in Singapore; Editing by Rachel Armstrong) U.S. top court declines to hear Google Inc appeal in Oracle Java fight - Reuters  
2015-08-29
Google's Domain Buying Spree Continues With ABCAlphabet.com & Alphabet.kr  
2015-04-04
Amazon, Salesforce, Facebook Must Grapple With Maturity  Facebook Inc. May Be Television Networks' Biggest Competition In the age of over-the-top video streaming services, it's no surprise that traditional television ratings have been declining over the last few years. For young viewers between the ages of 18 and 34, the trend is much more noticeable. Nielsen reported a 10.6% decline in viewership during the period between September and January. The steep decline means there are about 20% fewer young viewers watching prime time TV compared to four years ago.

That young viewer demographic is the most valuable to television advertisers.

And while media companies might blame Netflix or Amazon for the decline in time spent watching TV (streaming is up 60% year over year), those companies don't take ad dollars. Fewer people think about the amount of time spent on mobile devices as a potential reason for the decline in television viewership among young people. At the very least, they're attracting the attention the big brand advertisers seek.

That means companies that dominate brand advertising on mobile like Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) -- and to lesser degrees Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) -- are poised to take ad share from old television media companies.

Pay attention now

The average American spends nearly five hours watching television per day. That number skews higher for older demographics and lower for younger demographics. For viewers between 18 and 24, the average is just 2.6 hours per day. Over the last four years, time spent watching TV has fallen by about one hour for that key demographic.

Interestingly, the average Facebook user in the U.S. spends 39 minutes per day on Facebook and another 21 minutes per day on Instagram, for a total of one hour per day on Facebook properties. As such, Facebook accounts for an increasingly significant share of Americans' media time as time spent on its platforms continues to rise while television viewership declines.

With Facebook's ability to segment its audience even more accurately than television, it's only a matter of time before ad dollars shift toward Facebook.

The one thing people do more on mobile devices than check Facebook

There is one thing more popular for mobile users than checking Facebook or Instagram: games. Last year, mobile gaming accounted for nearly one-third of all time spent on mobile, nearly twice as much as Facebook.

Facebook has taken steps to reach out to developers and help advertisers place ads in other companies' apps. Facebook competes in this business with Twitter's MoPub -- which claims to be the world's largest mobile ad server -- and Google's DoubleClick.

Facebook came late to the game with its mobile ad tech, but it's come on strong. It developed an ad exchange with Facebook Audience Network to let advertisers display their Facebook ads in other apps. It bought LiveRail to help developers fill video ad inventory, and recently announced that it would extend LiveRail's capabilities to display ads.

Most notably, it relaunched Atlas as a demand-side platform for advertisers, providing unique tracking capabilities to test ad efficacy. Each of these tools brings something to the table that the competition cannot -- Facebook's audience and/or data -- which makes them more appealing for both developers and advertisers.

As such, I expect Facebook to grab share from Google and Twitter in mobile advertising by partnering with more developers. Moreover, I expect that market to expand as advertising dollars shift from television to mobile, where consumers are spending more time.

Waiting for the shift in spending

With $80 billion in annual television advertising spend, there's huge potential for Facebook. If ad dollars follow that 20% decline in young viewership and are looking for the place where that demographic spends its time, Facebook is the obvious place to wind up in some form or other. That could mean an additional $5 to $15 billion in annual revenue for the company down the road. 
2015-12-28
Why Google Won't Acquire Mobileye Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) may be the current the leader in fully-autonomous driving tech but competition is intensifying fast. Google's closest competitor, Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY), ADAS provider for Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) and several other top-tier automakers, recently claimed that it'll have similar tech available for licensing in about 3 years. This has given birth to speculative discussions relating to Google's prospective acquisition of its smaller rival to retain its competitive edge, and to disrupt the expansion plans of Mobileye's clients in the process. Does this move make strategic sense and would it make a viable acquisition for Google? Let's take a closer look.

Competitive landscape

Let me start by saying that Mobileye is currently the leading supplier of semi-autonomous ADAS equipment across the globe, commanding a 65% market share. It has partnerships with over 20 leading auto manufacturers and its systems are scheduled to be equipped in 237 passenger vehicles by next year. It has been developing ADAS solutions since 2007, pioneering in its segment, which has given it a head start over its competitors. So, theoretically, acquiring Mobileye should throw a wrench in its client's expansion plans and aid Google in its efforts to advance its driverless tech with one less competitor to worry about, right?

It's not that simple; Mobileye isn't the leader when it comes to fully-autonomous driving tech. I was examining the U.S-based IP portfolios of both Google and Mobileye in the autonomous driving segment and found that while Mobileye owns about 100 patents in the field, Google has grown to possess more than 320 patents. Granted that number of patents isn't a qualitative indicator, but it certainly highlights the extent of thoroughness by Google's R&D department, compared to Mobileye's, to future-proof its IP portfolio.

Rough classification by author, compiled in Excel; Data From: Source 1, Source 2

Since drawing competitive comparisons of all 450+ patents is out of the scope of this article, I compiled and attached a rough chart above to have a better understanding of both IP portfolios quantitatively. Both companies own several patents relating to collision avoidance, obstacle monitoring, lane determination, traffic light monitoring, weather detection and pedestrian monitoring; these are the basic requirements for today's semi-autonomous ADAS solutions. But Google, in addition to the aforementioned patents, owns IP for truly autonomous driving that Mobileye would be looking to develop over the next three-five years.

Simply put, Google's IP portfolio is already at a stage where Mobileye's would be in the next three to five years. This huge discrepancy exists due to differences in visions: Google has always believed (quoted below) in commercializing fully autonomous vehicles straightaway, while Mobileye has been more focused on commercializing semi-autonomous ADAS first, and then progressing to fully-autonomous ADAS equipment going forward. So it boils down to: Why would Google acquire a technologically inferior company?

Debunking speculation

I personally think that Google's acquisition of Mobileye would be a bad move, both strategically and financially speaking. There are basically three commonly used speculative arguments that advocate this rumored acquisition, which don't hold much ground when closely pondered upon.

Acquisition would safeguard Google's spot in the segment

This is by far the most inaccurate argument. Google already has the upper hand in terms of fully-autonomous ADAS tech, and it doesn't need to acquire a technologically backward competitor just to safeguard its own competitive position. If the software giant is so desperate to grab a piece of the driverless market, it'll start licensing its own fully-autonomous ADAS equipment 2-3 years ahead of Mobileye to make the latter irrelevant. It just doesn't make any sense to spend $8-$10 billion on an acquisition, to buy an IP portfolio, which Google already owns.

Acquisition could disrupt the expansion plans for Mobileye's clients (such as Tesla)

This statement is partly true. Granted that Google would get the pricing and licensing power to disrupt or delay the expansion plans of Mobileye's clients post-acquisition, but would it be worth it? The problem with this rationale is that Google management (quoted below) has absolutely no interest in semi-autonomous ADAS segment. So the current plans of Mobileye and its clients to equip vehicles with semi-auto systems turn out to be largely irrelevant for Google in the longer timeframe.

"In the end, our tests led us to our decision to develop vehicles that could drive themselves from point A to B, with no human intervention. (We were also persuaded by the opportunity to help everyone get around, not just people who can drive.)" - Google, official release.

Mobileye stock is cheap and could trigger an acquisition

Granted that shares of Mobileye have lost about 35% of their value over the last 4 months alone, but it still trades at an enterprise value of about $9 billion. Even if the buyout is at EV figure, why would Google want to pay about $8-$10 billion to acquire a company that isn't going to aid its growth in fully-autonomous tech? It's not like the industry has stagnated or slowing down which would call for consolidation of industry players. Instead, the industry hasn't even taken off. I believe that Google would actually benefit more if $8-$10 billion went towards the R&D of fully-autonomous systems.

Investors takeaway

Driverless cars have suddenly become all the rage and discussions about the industry are bound to give birth to more rumors and speculation going forward. However, for this story, I don't think that Google would consider buying Mobileye as it won't benefit it strategically going forward. Mobileye just doesn't have the IP portfolio to make it a lucrative buy for the software giant. In fact, I believe that Google's acquisition of Mobileye would actually be detrimental for the former's shareholders. Therefore, I suggest investors take this rumor with a grain of salt and move on.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. The biggest Android highlights of 2015 What a year it has been. There have been some soaring highs, some very hot moments and some epic Android fails this year. We've seen new phones came out that were brilliant, some that were terrible, and some that were totally unexpected. But right now we want to celebrate the biggest Android highlights of 2015.

Alphabet Inc and CEO Sundar

Earlier this year at Google I/O, when I met Larry Page and Sundar Pichai for the first time, I made jokes with Sundar about how tired he must be considering the heavy workload he was under at Google. He laughed and gave me a look that I would only fully understand a little later.

Alphabet CEO Larry Page (left) and Google CEO Sundar Pichai (right). /   Google/ANDROIDPIT

Within a few months, Sundar had been named as the new CEO of Google, taking over from Larry who would be shuffling off with co-founder Sergey Brin and former CEO Eric Schmidt to run the all-new parent company, Alphabet Inc.   the new umbrella under which Google, Google Ventures, Calico, Fiber, Google[x], Google Capital, Verily and Nest now exist.

Nobody saw this coming: Alphabet Inc. is now the parent company of all things Google. /   CNNMoney

Suffice to say, this was the most significant moment for Android in 2015. The appointment of all-round Mr Nice Guy Sundar to the big chair couldn't have made us happier. It's still too early to tell what Google under CEO Sundar will look like, but there are some very aggressive restructuring and expansion plans underway. Stay tuned.

Annual Android updates

The second biggest news in Android land in 2015 is that we will now be treated to a brand new major Android update at the same time every year. From 2015 onward, each Google I/O developer's conference will introduce a developer preview of the next Android release.

From now on, we'll see a major Android update every year. /   ANDROIDPIT

Each new Android developer preview will be released immediately and updated monthly until the final version is ready at Nexus time; usually late September or early October. It's a big commitment, but one that makes a lot of sense for Android, Android developers and the market as a whole.

Two Nexus phones in one year

Speaking of Nexus time, 2015 dropped a huge bombshell: two Nexus phones in the same year. Confirming the continual rumors, the launch of Android Marshmallow coincided with two new Nexus phones: a high-end, premium version made by Huawei, the Nexus 6P, and a more mid-range, affordable version made by LG, the Nexus 5X.

The original Nexus 5 and Nexus 6 (left) have been succeeded by the Nexus 6P and Nexus 5X. /   ANDROIDPIT

Following the launch, Google confirmed that there will always be two Nexus phones per year from now on. The X line will represent the core of the Nexus experience, and the P range will provide a more premium experience. It wasn't that long ago that we all thought Nexus was dead. Look at how far it's come.

Doze mode   who knew sleep was so great?

By far the coolest feature of Android 6.0 Marshmallow is Doze mode. Sure, the latest Android version has granular app permissions, more user-facing controls and Google Now on Tap, but the one feature that's making absolutely everybody happy on Marshmallow is Doze. Doze is a sophisticated deep-sleep mode that conserves battery life like you wouldn't believe.

With Android Marshmallow's Doze mode, you're looking at days of standby battery life. /   ANDROIDPIT

Any time a device running Android Marshmallow is left alone for a while, it enters hibernation mode. Important notifications will still come through, but all unnecessary background activity is killed, resulting in battery life that runs into days, not hours. It's not quite better battery technology, but it'll do for now.

Samsung is no longer the only company with a great camera

On a wider front, another huge sea change of 2015 came with cameras. Until 2015, Samsung was pretty much the only company whose phones contained a camera you knew would be outstanding. Then the LG G Flex 2 and LG G4 came along, followed by the Galaxy S6 range, the Moto X Pure Edition, Nexus 6P and Sony Xperia Z5   all of which have outstanding cameras.

If someone gifts you a 2015 flagship Android phone this year, it's likely to have a great camera. /   ANDROIDPIT

In 2016, you'll no longer have to be cautious about which brand of smartphone you choose, because the chances are that all of next year's phones will have an exceptional camera.

Samsung is already preparing its new BRITECELL camera tech for the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge and you know the likes of LG, Motorola and Sony won't want to find themselves at the back of the pack so soon. Expect even bigger things from smartphone cameras in 2016.

There we have it: the year that was. We saw a massive shakeup and staff switcheroo at Google, the creation of an entirely new parent company for Google's vast empire, multiple Nexus phones in one year, the promise of annual Android updates with early access to a developer preview, the next-best-thing to better battery technology and a sudden evening-out of the playing field in smartphone camera quality.

What were the biggest highlights for you in 2015? What do you think 2016 will bring? Share your thoughts in the comments. 
2015-07-27
Is Google, Inc.'s New Phone-Tracking Feature a Big Mistake? This week, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) introduced a new feature to the mobile versions of Google Maps. Happens all the time, right? But this time, Google walks a fine line between "useful" and "creepy." The best part? Freaking about about the privacy implications of this feature makes no sense -- because it's not really new at all.

Let me explain.

The good

The new Google Maps tool, dubbed "Your Timeline," is designed to help you "remember and view the places you've been on a given day, month, or year." Digging into your saved location history, you can now get a visual map of your location at any given time, complete with a step-by-step route breakdown. Here's what that looks like on your Android device:

The timeline comes with privacy controls. It's visible only to you and can be disabled with the flick of a centralized settings slider. Or you can dive into your phone's settings and stop this data collection in two different ways: Turn off the GPS system (and related tracking technologies) altogether, or stop your phone from reporting the data to Google's central data warehouses. All three of these options will stop the timeline from collecting new location data.

And if the silly thing already knows too much about you, you can delete any data point you like or erase the entire mapping history. Just remember to stop the collection of new data as well, or you'll start building a brand-new map anyhow.

"We hope you find Your Timeline a valuable and helpful tool as you explore the world around you," said Google Maps product manager Gerard Sanz in the Timeline announcement.

Indeed, many people will find this tool useful, or at least mildly interesting. Where did I go in October 2013? Mostly work, home, and the commute in between. Plus that conference in Vegas, of course. Maybe that should be erased. What happens in Vegas, right?

That's a pleasant reminder of days gone by, and the map for an entire month or year can put your travel habits into perspective. Me, I should probably get out more. You might reach the same conclusion -- or the exact opposite. Either way, I find it fun to analyze the hard-numbers data of my own life. And if I really do forget the details of some distant jaunt or odyssey, and need that information later, this could actually be a useful tool.

The bad

That's the positive view, of course. You'll find plenty of people taking the opposite position.

The headlines surrounding this announcement tell a sordid tale:

"Google Maps Timeline Lets You Stalk Yourself," said Gizmodo.

"Google Maps 'Your Timeline' is a creepy reminder that you are being tracked," according to BetaNews.

"Google updates Maps with terrifying My Timeline feature," said British comparison shopping center Recombu.

The list goes on, but I think you get the point by now. Location tracking features can be "creepy" or downright "terrifying" if you care deeply about your privacy.

There are many reasons to go down that dark path. If the Timeline information gets into the wrong hands, villains and stalkers could wreak untold havoc on your personal life. With a clear picture of where you're likely to be at, say, Wednesdays at 7 p.m., it could be an open invitation to burglars.

On the flip side of that particular coin, actual criminals certainly don't want proof of their potentially illegal whereabouts at all times. A subpoena here, a warrant there, and who knows what law-enforcement agencies might get their hands on that critical evidence?

Oh, and those are just the most obvious examples of bad things that could happen when your location history is known in great detail. Some companies might try to sell you stuff based on where you are -- or where you've been. And what might happen if Google turned overtly evil, with easy access to this kind of information about pretty much everybody? Stopping just short of that doomsday scenario, hackers could breach Google's data security and use it for nefarious purposes.

Shouldn't we all worry about these plutonium sticks of privacy invasion bouncing around in our pockets and purses? It could go wrong in so many ways. Why not disable the location tracking altogether? (Some don't even trust that step -- what if Google, the NSA, or Anonymous are reporting data in secret no matter what you do?)

And most definitely, from this point of view, Google Maps should kill the Timeline feature ASAP. It's simply too dangerous.

The real world

Here's the kicker, though. What's new about the Timeline is how Google Maps presents this information in an easily digested format. You've probably been reporting those location-tracking nuggets for years already. There's even been a reasonably simple way to track that data since 2011.

That's when Google released a personal dashboard for its Latitude service. Along with a browser-based mapping tool, you could grab all the data that the Timeline now puts in easy reach from your phone. That's really the only news here: Google has polished and refined its mapping tools a bit and made the whole package easier to use on the go.

The polish extends to the browser version, too. If you go to the old Location History Browser, you'll find yourself swiftly redirected to -- you guessed it -- the Timeline page. It's all very modern, and much simpler to use than the retired version. Now you can delete individual stops along your Google-mapped route, rather than just dumping entire days at once. But it's still the same tool at heart, and it's been around for years.

What's next?

Look, I get it. Having Google (or anyone else) snooping on your whereabouts can be unsettling. People might learn things about you that they have no business knowing. And yes, Google aims to make money from it, mostly by letting advertisers target their ads to very specific audiences, in just the right place at the right time. That's valuable for the company, and perhaps an inconvenience to you.

But the only realistic danger in detailed location data is, you might get caught doing something you shouldn't. And in most cases, getting that data would involve either sophisticated hacking or serious legal processes. If you don't trust Google with your data, I suppose you'll never be comfortable with cloud computing at all. The company has a history of fighting back against data sharing, whether the data request was done by government request, legal papers, or plain old hacking.

Call me naive (and I know that some of you will do exactly that), but I'm convinced that Google won't use my detailed location records for evil. They form the basis for useful and interesting features like Google Now event scheduling cards and -- yep -- Timeline. They'll also help Google make money by boosting the value of my eyeballs when it comes to selling ads, and I can live with that.

But selling my personal data to the highest bidder? Government mind control? Building stepping stones toward identity theft? Please.

Google depends on nurturing user trust, or its entire business model would collapse. Follow the money if you want to see where the world is going -- and Google's cash tracks lead in the exact opposite direction away from such shenanigans. Too much to lose, not much to gain.

Oh, and did you catch the part where Timeline helps you cover your tracks by erasing whatever location data you want? That's now done on a very granular level -- and from the comfort of your own smartphone.

So yeah, I'll check up on my Google Maps Timeline from time to time, walking back down memory lane or just shaking my head over how little I really travel. The only real danger here would be if I lose my handset to some twisted villain -- but location records would be the least of my worries at that point.

Privacy fanatics have already flipped out over this not-so-new tool, but that furor will die down soon enough. All that's left is another handy-dandy data management tool, and Google won't have lost a nickel in the long run. Facebook to scale up free mobile Internet service to boost usage A 3D plastic representation of the Facebook logo is seen in this illustration in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina, May 13, 2015. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic

MUMBAI Facebook Inc plans to scale up its service to offer free basic Internet on mobile phones, an executive said, after introducing the application in 17 developing countries over the past year.

In a blog post released to mark the first year of the initiative, Facebook said it will open a portal allowing any mobile operator to offer the service under its Internet.org platform. Facebook currently partners with specific operators to launch the service in different countries.

Internet.org has brought over 9 million people online over the past year, Chris Daniels, vice president of product for Internet.org, told Reuters on Monday. Facebook developed the platform with six technology partners to bring an estimated 4.5 billion unconnected people online, mainly in Latin America, Asia and Africa.

It offers pared-down web services for free to users, along with access to Facebook's own social network and messaging services.

Facebook's blog post said that over the past year, the service had bought new users onto mobile networks on average over 50 percent faster and that more than half the people using Internet.org are paying for data to access the wider Internet within 30 days.

"This is really a customer acquisition tool for mobile operators where the benefit to them of offering a very light amount of free data is to bring on more paying subscribers to their networks," Daniels said, speaking over phone from Nairobi, where he is attending a summit.

Facebook was not paying for any of the data being used to access the service, he said.

The Internet.org application, launched in India in February in partnership with Reliance Communications, faced backlash with a number of leading technology and Internet firms pulling out of the service after activists claimed it violated the principles of a neutral Internet.

"I would say India is unique in that respect and very much an outlier. In other markets, Internet.org has been embraced as a pro-connectivity initiative that has garnered a lot of support," Daniels said.

A committee of the telecoms ministry set up to examine the issue of net neutrality earlier this month recommended that collaborations between mobile operators and content providers that enable "gatekeeping" roles should be discouraged.

(Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) Apple, Inc.'s Tech Peers Back Samsung in the Patent Wars Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) dropped all patent litigation against each other outside the U.S. last August, but their battle in the U.S. goes on.

In 2012, Apple won a landmark victory over Samsung in the U.S., which required Samsung to pay $1.05 billion for violating six patents. Subsequent appeals reduced that figure, mainly on the basis that "aesthetic" design elements (like the shape of the case or of app icons) shouldn't count as violations.

But the courts upheld the decision to award Apple damages based on the full value of the iPhone, requiring Samsung to give all of the profits from sales of infringing Galaxy products to Apple. That decision, in the court's view, would reimburse Apple for the profit it lost to sales of infringing Galaxy devices.

In June, Samsung filed a plea to reduce or eliminate that charge completely, arguing that upholding the ruling would "invite overprotection and overcompensation of design patents" and lead to "an explosion of design patent assertions and lawsuits."

Surprisingly, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY), Dell, and Hewlett-Packard (NYSE:HPQ) all supported Samsung in a "friend of the court" brief with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. What prompted this united move against Apple, and does this swing the patent pendulum back in Samsung's favor?

The four-year battle

Samsung has always been one of Apple's largest suppliers. By 2010, Apple was paying Samsung $6 billion per year for components. But that same year, Samsung launched its first Galaxy S smartphone, which closely resembled Apple's iPhone 3GS, which arrived a year earlier. Apple sued Samsung in 2011 for copying its iPhone designs. Samsung countersued, claiming Apple used its wireless networking technologies without its permission.

The relationship between Apple and Samsung warmed up again after overseas litigation was dropped, and Samsung agreed to provide displays, application processors, storage devices, and other components for new Apple devices. But the unresolved payment issue in the U.S. has cast a shadow over that relationship.

The "ripple effect"

At first glance, Google, Facebook, eBay, HP, and Dell's support for Samsung might not make sense. Google owns Android, but it no longer manufactures any smartphones or tablets. Facebook is more interested in displaying ads on phones than making them, and eBay's mobile interests only go as far as its mobile app. HP and Dell have barely made an impact with their poorly received smartphones.

But these companies are concerned that "minor" patent infringement claims could expose them to similar lawsuits. The companies state that if the ruling against Samsung stands, the manufacturer of a smart TV could be forced to pay the total profit on the entire TV in damages if just a single component violated another company's patents.

In Silicon Valley, where tech companies horde thousands of patents, that could result in a massive escalation of patent litigation. For example, a company could sue eBay, Google, and Facebook for huge sums based on a single component of their websites, or similarly sue Dell and HP for just one part of their PCs. Therefore, the five companies warned that letting the charges stand would "have a devastating impact on companies" that "spend billions of dollars annually on research and development for complex technologies."

The waiting game

Half a billion dollars certainly isn't much for Samsung, which generated $180 billion in revenue last year. But agreeing to pay Apple would expose its Galaxy smartphones, Gear smartwatches, smart TVs, and other products to similar litigation.

That's why Samsung is dragging this case out for as long as possible. Samsung did the same thing to Microsoft, which sued it for refusing to pay royalties on its Android patents last year. Samsung countersued, claiming that Microsoft's acquisition of Nokia's handset division nullified that agreement. The two companies eventually reached a settlement for undisclosed terms. Samsung subsequently agreed to preinstall Microsoft apps on its phones, presumably as part of that settlement.

In my opinion, Samsung might want to strike a similar deal with Apple. After all, the two companies have already dropped these lawsuits overseas, and are working closely together in the production of Apple's next-gen devices. Gaining the support of Silicon Valley's top companies was a smart move by Samsung, but it's unclear if it will force Apple to change its tune. 
2015-07-09
Toshiba probe looking at management's role in accounting scandal: sources TOKYO An independent investigation of Toshiba Corp's accounting irregularities is looking at the role played by top officials, people familiar with the matter said, a move that could force a management overhaul at the Japanese conglomerate.

As the probe has widened from looking into accounting errors at Toshiba's infrastructure business to checking books for a broad range of operations, investigators have interviewed upper management and examined internal e-mails in an effort to find the root cause of the irregularities, the people said.

Toshiba has been unable to close its books for the past financial year and seen its market value slide by a quarter or $4 billion due to the accounting scandal - which has become Japan's biggest since camera maker Olympus admitted in 2011 it used M&A deals to conceal investment losses.

Investigators' central theory is that executives, worried about the impact of the 2011 Fukushima disaster on its nuclear unit, set overly aggressive targets in new businesses such as smart meters and electronic toll booths, encouraging the understating of costs and overestimating of revenue in those divisions, the sources added.

"Perhaps there was a feeling that as long as they could just get through the immediate fiscal year, that was good enough," said one company source.

Profit writedowns could come to more than 150 billion yen ($1.2 billion), a separate source has said - an amount at least three times more than initial estimates. Other people familiar with the matter have said Toshiba is set to tap banks for a credit line worth up 600 billion yen.

The sources declined to be identified as they were not authorized to talk to media. Toshiba said it did not know the content of the investigation and has denied that it is seeking a credit line.

The laptops-to-nuclear conglomerate first disclosed accounting irregularities in early April, two months after financial regulators ordered a report on past bookkeeping. The probe, led by two accountants and two lawyers, is due to conclude in mid-July.

A regulatory source said Toshiba would likely be fined at the very least and that the regulator would see if the probe uncovers malicious intent before deciding whether to pursue a criminal case.

HARD TO STAY

The Nikkei business daily reported on Thursday that Vice Chairman Norio Sasaki, who served as company president between 2009 and 2013, would likely step down from the board of directors. A source familiar with the matter said it could be "tough" for Sasaki to stay.

Sasaki, current CEO Hisao Tanaka and other board members were reappointed at a recent shareholders' meeting. But the company is holding another such meeting in September, an opportunity that analysts believe could be used to reshuffle management and draw a line under the problem.

In addition to a credit line, sources said Toshiba is also considering selling assets including part of its stake in U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse. Other media reports have said that those funds could be used to make up for any profit writedowns.

The company said it had been considering lowering its 87 percent stake in the U.S.-based nuclear power company for some time, and that this had nothing to do with the accounting probe.

The current accounting investigation is Toshiba's second in less then two years. In October 2013, it announced it had found that its medical subsidiary, Toshiba Medical information Systems, had overstated results for several years.

(Additional reporting by Takahiko Wada; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) 
2015-02-20
Riverbed tries to match recent successes NEW YORK Network equipment maker Riverbed Technology Inc is the latest U.S. buyout loan to test investors' apparently strong appetite for the type of highly leveraged loans that the U.S. regulator is trying to discourage in an otherwise quiet U.S. market.

Riverbed launched a $1.525 billion seven-year term loan and a $100 million revolver on February 12 and is also planning to sell $625 million of senior notes to back its $3.6 billion buyout by Thoma Bravo LLC and the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan.

The deal has leverage of around seven times, according to ratings agencies. U.S. regulators view leverage over six times as problematic and also focus on a borrower's ability to pay off debt within a specific time frame.

Riverbed's loan is a tougher ask than recent deals, including a $4.3 billion buyout loan for pet retailer PetSmart Inc and a $3.95 billion acquisition term loan for discount Dollar Tree Inc, due to higher leverage levels and a lower credit rating and is expected to set a new benchmark for pricing for B rated companies.

Deals are in short supply. U.S. leveraged loan volume of $79.5 billion on February 19 is 43 percent lower than the same time last year, according to LPC data, due to a drop in refinancing activity after a rise in pricing in late 2014.

Riverbed is being guided at 525bp over Libor. Strong investor demand amid thin deaflow allowed both PetSmart and Dollar Tree to cut pricing to 400bp and 350bp, respectively, showing that yield-hungry investors have little objection to relatively high leverage levels.

The hardest part of financing buyouts is now getting arranging banks to commit, several sources said. Riverbed's loan is being led by Credit Suisse, Citigroup, Barclays and Morgan Stanley.

Banks reluctance to cross regulators means that private equity firms now have to talk to more regulated banks to secure financing and are also using unregulated financial institutions.

"I'm seeing sponsors go to more banks because banks are more likely to pass on a deal, and it's usually a mix of regulated and unregulated banks," said Michael Chernick, a leveraged finance partner at Paul Hastings LLP.

Not the only one

Although PetSmart and Dollar Tree were able to cut pricing, market participants are wondering how much of the deals' success was due to low dealflow. While Riverbed is gaining good traction, it is unlikely to be able to cut pricing as much as PetSmart and Dollar Tree as it has less flexibility as a result of its lower credit rating, an investor said.

PetSmart was able to tighten pricing twice on its $4.3 billion loan to 400bp over Libor with a 1 percent Libor floor from a proposed range of 450-475bp over Libor. It has lease-adjusted leverage between 6.2 times and 7.2 times, according to the rating agencies, which Moody's expect to drop below 6.0 times in a couple of years.

"This is what happens when there isn't much supply," a market source said.

Dollar Tree Inc's pricing of 350bp over Libor with a 1 percent Libor floor on its $3.95 billion term loan was also flexed down from guidance of 375bp over Libor. Moody's anticipates that leverage will be less than five times within two years of the deal.

Riverbed also has a lower credit rating. It was rated B2 by Moody's with a B1 rating on the term loan. Leverage at close will be between 6.5 and seven times, although it is nearly eight times using September 2014 numbers, Moody's said.

Moody's expects leverage to drop to around six times by the end of 2016 but said in a research note there is "little cushion if the restructuring falters" for the company to keep a B2 rating.

S&P rated Riverbed and the term loan B and said that it expects Riverbed to generate positive free cash flow after the deal closes and to remain a top player in the wireless network performance market, and gave the company a stable outlook.

(Editing By Tessa Walsh) Rocket Fuel Plunges 23% Following Weak Q4 Earnings Report Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. Correct: Fitch Downgrades Picard BondCo SA to 'B', Outlook Stable (The following statement was released by the rating agency) LONDON, February 20 (Fitch) This announcement corrects the version published earlier today, which incorrectly stated the issuer of the senior notes. Fitch Ratings has downgraded Picard BondCo S.A.'s (Picard) Long-term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) to 'B' from 'B+' and Picard Groupe S.A.S.'s senior secured floating-rate notes (FRNs) and revolving credit facility (RCF) ratings to 'BB-'/'RR2' from 'BB'/'RR2'. Fitch has removed the ratings from Rating Watch Negative (RWN) where they were placed on 5 February 2015. Fitch has simultaneously assigned a final instrument rating of 'CCC+'/'RR6' to Picard BondCo S.A.'s EUR428m 2020 senior notes. The Outlook on the IDR is Stable. The rating actions follow the completion of a EUR601m dividend upstream from Picard to its sponsor, Lion Capital. A further EUR18m dividend has been up-streamed from Picard PIKco, but this does not affect Picard's IDR, in Fitch's view. The dividend recapitalisation has been financed with EUR20m additional PIK notes issued at the Picard PIKco S.A.'s level, a tap issue of the existing EUR480m senior secured FRNs due 2019 to a total of EUR822m at Picard Groupe S.A.S.'s level, and an issue of EUR428m new senior notes due 2020 at Picard's level. The existing EUR185m senior notes due 2018 have been redeemed as part of the transaction. The rating actions reflect the sponsor's aggressive financial policy leading to higher leverage and refinancing risk, which results in a financial profile more in line with 'B-' rated peers. The IDR remains underpinned by Picard's strong business profile and ability to generate sustained positive free cash flow (FCF) in the low to mid-single digits as a percentage of sales. However, due to the group's high leverage and refinancing risk, any underperformance to Fitch's rating case would lead to negative rating action. KEY RATING DRIVERS Aggressive Sponsor, Refinancing Risk Fitch views the sponsor's financial policy, which demonstrates low equity involvement, as aggressive. We expect Picard's lease-adjusted FFO net leverage to increase to 7.9x at FYE15 (financial year ending March 2015). This compares to 5.3x under previous capital structure. We expect leverage to remain above 6.5x at FYE18 (versus 4.2x under the previous capital structure). As we consider that the group's deleveraging pace should not be significantly affected by the new capital structure thanks to the group's strong business model and cash flow generation capacity, the higher refinancing risk is a direct consequence of the group's debt re-leveraging. This acts as a key constraint on the rating. Resilient Business Model Picard BondCo's like-for-like sales started to recover in 4Q FY14 and grew 0.8% in 1H FY15. Fitch expects some acceleration over the next three years albeit with annual growth remaining lower than pre-2008. This is due to growing competition among food retailers to increase customer traffic through more attractive store formats and selling prices. Low Execution Risk in Strategy Fitch believes management's expansion strategy, which now includes development through franchises, has a low execution risk. Picard's franchises would contribute less to revenues and EBITDA than owned stores. However, they do not represent significant risk as the establishment cost will be low for Picard, and if the franchises are not successful, the related loss will not be significant either. However, Fitch notes that the growing inclusion of franchises in the group's business model slightly increases the exposure to potential food scares as the group has less control on franchises' operations than on own stores. Operating Margin Pressure Fitch expects Picard's EBITDA margin to stabilise at around 13.5% in the next four years following the FY11 peak of 14.6% (FY14:13.4%). The limited profitability recovery from FY14 reflects expansion-related costs and our expectation of consistently high marketing costs due to continued competitive pressure. A growing cost base, although under control, should be only partially offset by subdued like-for-like sales growth. Slow Geographic Diversification Picard's unproven ability at diversifying its activities geographically is a rating constraint. While we acknowledge Picard's expansion opportunities in the long term, we factor in limited contribution to the overall group sales and profits within the next five years. However, we expect moderate execution risks in entering new markets initially via either concessions-in-shops (Japan) or franchises (Switzerland). Furthermore Fitch views positively management's cautious approach to foreign expansion as we believe a slowdown in owned-store openings would not significantly affect the group's cash flow prospects under the new debt structure. Lower but Still Strong FCF Under the new capital structure we expect FCF generation capacity to be slightly lower than under the previous one, primarily due to higher interest costs. We forecast higher interest costs will be only partially compensated by the EBITDA uplift from new franchises requiring no capex. Low cash flow volatility continues to reflect the group's resilient gross profit margin and its flexibility to scale back expansion capex without eroding EBITDA and FFO generation. The solid cash flow generation capacity provides adequate financial flexibility and liquidity to the group's operations. Weak Expected Recoveries for Senior Notes The senior secured FRNs and RCF ratings of 'BB-'/'RR2' indicate above-average recovery prospects, in the range of 71%-90%. Picard's senior notes' rating of 'CCC+'/'RR6' reflects weak recovery prospects in case of default in view of the payment waterfall. The recovery expectations are driven by a post-restructuring EBITDA around 30% below the group's adjusted LTM September 2014 EBITDA of EUR182m, combined with an estimated going concern enterprise value/EBITDA multiple of 6.0x in distress. KEY ASSUMPTIONS Fitch's key assumptions within our rating case include: - Acceleration of annual revenue growth towards the mid-single digits from FY17, supported by mild strengthening of French like-for-like sales and network expansion - EBITDA margin stabilisation at about 13.6% of sales - Annual capex at 2.6% of sales on average, reflecting owned stores openings and store remodelling in France - No dividends - Annual FCF at 4.4% of sales on average RATING SENSITIVITIES Positive: We believe an upgrade of the IDR is unlikely over the rating horizon as Picard's financial ratios are reliant on a significant improvement in the group's operating performance, which we do not foresee. If Picard's business model remains resilient, future developments that would lead to positive rating actions include: - FFO adjusted gross leverage sustainably below 6.0x (5.5x net of readily available cash). - FFO fixed charge cover sustainably above 2.5x (FY14: 1.9x). Negative: Future developments that could lead to negative rating action include: - Refinancing of Picard PIKCo S.A.'s PIK notes through a debt instrument with terms and conditions that may place the FRNs and senior note holders in a less favourable position. - FFO adjusted gross leverage sustainably above 7.5x (7.0x net of readily available cash), combined with: - Deterioration in like-for-like sales and EBITDA margin. - FCF generation below 4.0% of sales - FFO fixed charge cover below 1.5x. Contact: Principal Analyst Anne Porte Associate Director +33 144 29 91 36 Supervisory Analyst Jean-Pierre Husband Director Fitch Ratings Limited 30 North Colonnade London E14 5GN +44 20 3530 1155 Committee Chairperson Pablo Mazzini Senior Director +44 20 3530 1021 Media Relations: Peter Fitzpatrick, London, Tel: +44 20 3530 1103, Email: peter.fitzpatrick@fitchratings.com. Additional information is available on www.fitchratings.com. For regulatory purposes in various jurisdictions, the supervisory analyst named above is deemed to be the primary analyst for this issuer; the principal analyst is deemed to be the secondary. Applicable criteria, 'Corporate Rating Methodology', dated 28 May 2014 and 'Recovery Ratings and Notching Criteria for Non-Financial Corporate Issuers' dated 18 November 2014, are available at www.fitchratings.com. Applicable Criteria and Related Research: Corporate Rating Methodology - Including Short-Term Ratings and Parent and Subsidiary Linkage here ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK: here. IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEBSITE 'WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM'. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE 'CODE OF CONDUCT' SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH WEBSITE. Apple Pay vs. Samsung's LoopPay? Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. 
2015-01-09
Top German court deals blow to Uber complaint An illustration picture shows the logo of car-sharing service app Uber on a smartphone next to the picture of an official German taxi sign in Frankfurt, September 15, 2014. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach

KARLSRUHE, Germany Germany's highest court has declined to hear a complaint brought by online taxi service Uber over a ban on its activity in the city of Hamburg, dealing a blow to the company.

The Federal Constitutional Court said the complaint was "not accepted for a decision due to lack of admissibility," a spokesman for the court said on Friday, adding that the court had given no further justification for its position.

Hamburg's transport office sent Uber an injunction in July last year that said its drivers needed special licences to transport passengers. An administrative court in Hamburg subsequently rejected Uber's urgent motion against the ban.

Uber customers order and pay for a taxi with its application on their smartphones. Instead of having taxis prowl city streets looking for customers, Uber allows smartphone users to summon a nearby car to pick them up.

Uber had argued its service did not involve professional drivers but rather private persons who did not require a special licence.

San Francisco-based Uber Technologies Inc, valued at about $40 billion in its latest fundraising, has touched a raw nerve in many countries by threatening to open up an often tightly controlled and licensed market.

The firm, backed by investors including Goldman Sachs and Google, rebuts the criticism and argues it complies with local regulations.

The Constitutional Court's decisions cannot be appealed in Germany and it was not clear what further action Uber could take.

"We take note of the court's decision and decline further comment," an Uber spokesman said.

(Reporting by Norbert Demuth and Jonathan Gould; Editing by Thomas Atkins and Mark Potter) 
2015-11-17
Alphabet Inc. Spends Cloud Storage to Put Pressure on Yelp Inc. Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google recently started rewarding users for posting reviews and photos on Google Maps, answering questions, and updating user information through its Local Guides program.

Google will give out up to five points per location, which can be exchanged for various awards. At lower levels (0-199 points), users can enter exclusive contests, get early access to new features, participate in reviewer summits, and earn Foursquare-like badges for their profiles. But at 200 points, Google will give users a 1TB Drive upgrade that usually costs $9.99 per month. Could this unusual strategy of exchanging cloud storage for reviews hurt Yelp (NYSE:YELP) and Google's other business review rivals?

Google's latest attempt to kill Yelp

Six years ago, Google tried to buy Yelp to integrate its reviews into Google Maps. After Yelp rejected the offer, Google started scraping Yelp's reviews, without attribution, to enhance Google Places. In 2011, Google acquired restaurant reviewer Zagat to enhance its user-submitted reviews with professional ones. That same year, Google killed Hotpot, its stand-alone attempt to challenge Yelp, just five months after introducing it.

But despite all of Google's investments in local business reviews, Yelp keeps growing. It finished last quarter with 89 million unique mobile visitors, up from 73 million unique mobile visitors in the prior year quarter. Cumulative reviews rose 35% to 90 million while local advertising accounts rose 38%. However, a Yelp-commissioned study earlier this year found that Google's tight control over search traffic still represented a major threat to its business.

Yelp offers badges, gifts, and invitations to special events through its Elite Squad program. Noticing how Yelp "gamified" reviews, Google introduced Local Guides earlier this year and expanded the program with the aforementioned prizes. Both are designed to encourage reviewers to write higher-quality reviews of local businesses.

Will handing out cloud storage help?

Google's offer of 1TB of free storage came right after Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) decided to stop offering unlimited cloud storage for its Office 365 Home, Personal, and University subscribers. It capped those storage plans at 1TB, replaced its 100GB and 200GB plans with a 50GB plan for $1.99 per month, and slashed its free storage option from 15GB to 5GB.

By comparison, Google's upgrade offer of 1TB for just posting reviews seems generous compared to its basic free plan of 15GB. But earning that 1TB might take longer than most people think. To earn 200 points, a user would need to review dozens of places and earn the maximum five points per location. To earn a single point, users can add a new place, upload photos, write a review, fix incorrect information, or answer user questions.

Google hopes that farming out local reviews can turn Google Maps into an all-in-one app for business reviews. This strategy matters because Google can mine user data in Maps for targeted ads, but it can't do so in Yelp's app. To make matters worse, Yelp offers a single sign-on for Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) but not Google. This means that Facebook gets better access to Yelp user data than Google. Beefing up Google Maps with Local Guides also widens Google's defensive moat against Facebook's growing Places feature.

Should Yelp investors worry?

Yelp stock has already plunged 50% in 2015 due to ongoing concerns about operating expenses outpacing revenue growth. During the first nine months of the year, Yelp's revenue rose 48% annually to $396 million, but total costs and expenses surged 55% to $411 million.

Google doesn't disclose how many reviews originate from Google users, but a look at top-rated businesses across America indicate that Yelp remains in the lead. For example, Yelp's top-rated restaurant in San Francisco, The House, has 3,581 reviews on Yelp but just 247 on Google. Yelp's top restaurant in New York City, Upstate, has 1,037 Yelp reviews compared to 56 reviews on Google.

To pull ahead in business reviews, Google probably needs to do more than imitate Yelp and give out cloud storage. But if Google gets its act together and gains ground against Yelp, the latter could have trouble fighting back while keeping its soaring expenses under control. Alphabet Inc Brings Back Google Glass, This Time Without the Glass Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is not giving up on its wearable device dreams that birthed Google Glass last year. The firm is working on a revamped Google Glass   but without the glass this time around. The Information reports that the folks working on the Google Glass project, which has been renamed Project Aura, think that Google Glass stands a chance of making a dent in the wearable device space if it comes without the glass.

The first version of Google Glass released to the public, or more clearly to developers, was widely lauded for being an interesting take on wearable tech while being lambasted for being almost entirely worthless to most people. Not only did the device add little to most people s day-to-day lives, it marked each user out very clearly. Alphabet brought the project back to the drawing board, and it seems to be readying a new version.

In July, Alphabet was at the center of a rumor making the rounds that the firm is planning to bring Google Glass back to the market. In fact, the Wall Street Journal seemed to confirm the news with a report claiming that Google Glass might be back on the shelves before the end of this year. The rumors hinted that the second coming of Glass would be focused on enterprise users who might find better ways to use Glass in the workplace.

Google Glass is back   Without Glass

The fact that Project Aura is revamping Glass suggests that the July rumors had an element of truth. However, the revamped Glass will come in two models, one for the enterprise market and the other for everyday users. Rumor has it that the enterprise model will have screen so that users can still view stuff and use the camera to share their views. The consumer model won t have a screen but it would rely on audio input.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

It is unclear if Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is coming to the market with two different wearables   it might be hard to call the device without a screen by the name  Google Glass  when it probably functions like a Bluetooth headset (think Google Ears). Yet it is certain that Google Glass is being revamped for a second coming, Tony Fadell who oversees Project Aura has tried his hands on head-mounted designs when he was at Apple. More so, he has hired many audio experts that left Amazon s Lab126.

Samsung is also working on Glass, maybe better

Last month, news broke that Google has filed a patent for a Google Glass-style device that is much more ahead of Google Glass in terms of functions. Samsung s device allows users to interact with their smartphones by projecting 3D images into mid-air. You dial numbers, text messages, or play games on the virtual keyboard projected into the air. Any audio would be conveyed to users through the glass.

Samsung s Glass patent is miles ahead of Alphabet s Google Glass because it provides a richer experience. Samsung engineers say,  A current input method of smart glasses is limited. A user basically controls the smart glasses by using a voice command.  The new device that are bringing to the market wants to succeed where Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has failed   it remains to be seen if Google Glass without the glass would give Project Aura an edge. 2 Out Of Favor E-Commerce Stocks This Analyst Is Buying eBay Inc (NASDAQ: EBAY) shares are down 52 percent in the last six months, while shares of Shutterfly, Inc. (NASDAQ: SFLY) have declined 6 percent in the same period.

(NASDAQ: EBAY) shares are down 52 percent in the last six months, while shares of (NASDAQ: SFLY) have declined 6 percent in the same period. Axiom s Victor Anthony maintained a Buy rating on the companies, with price targets of $34 for eBay and $52 for Shutterfly.

Anthony believes that the stocks of these two companies will drive shareholder returns over the coming year.

Analyst Victor Anthony mentioned that Buy-rated internet companies like Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and to some extent Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA) are in the early innings of consolidating retail, advertising and cloud computing.

These companies are poised to benefit from the traditional formals in terms of enhanced cash flows and equity values in the near future, Anthony said, while adding that eBay and Shutterfly are expected to drive robust shareholder returns over the coming years.

eBay: An Attractive Earnings Growth Story

The company s 3Q15 results depicted a stable core business, with pockets of strength at StubHub and Classifieds business. eBay is expected to beat its revenue growth guidance of 0-5 percent for 2016.

The company s overall operating margins are likely to expand as its operations in India, Mexico, Turkey and the South East continue to grow and turn profitable, Anthony mentioned.

Fixed Price B2C is growing near market rates and although the C2C segment is growing at a slower pace, it has higher margins and attractive cash flow dynamics, the analyst stated. Although the company s active buyers increased by 2 million in 3Q, it faces major headwinds from SEO.

eBay used its free cash flows to repurchase nearly 22 million shares for $600 million in 3Q. The company s balance sheet, with $10.1 billion in cash and equity investments, is under-levered. Anthony added that the company is unlikely to pay a recurring dividend to preserve its flexibility, but may reconsider the same after 2016.

Shutterfly: Margins Set To Expand And FCF To Grow In 2016

Shutterfly s stock has underperformed over the past year due to concerns relating to core growth and spending as well as a heated proxy war.

 However, we believe that the Shutterfly brand is growing in the double digits, SFLY is lapping the spending cycle starting in 4Q15, and margins are set to expand and free cash flow per share to grow in 2016,  Anthony wrote.

The company is likely to lap $12-14 million of costs in 2016 from nonrecurring restructuring costs related to platform consolidation, proxy costs, facility closures and consolidations, and brand shutdowns in 2015. The analyst expects Shutterfly s margins to recover to the 20 percent range in 2016 even as its lower margin Enterprise business continues to grow.

Anthony believes that Shutterfly s willingness to address the compensation issue could ward off another proxy war. The company s sound fundamentals could lead to the resurfacing of acquisition interest.

Latest Ratings for EBAY Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Argus Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Overweight Jan 2017 Aegis Capital Initiates Coverage On Buy View More Analyst Ratings for EBAY

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: axiom Vetr Victor AnthonyAnalyst Color Long Ideas Reiteration Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-11-30
Meet Access, the Google Unit That's Taking On Comcast and the Rest of the ... Alphabet, Google s newfangled conglomeration, arrived in August, but we will not see its first financial figures until January, when the company reports two sets of earnings   Google and the  other bets.  Each subsidiary will not break out its own performance, but the earnings reports will offer some view into their costs and output. Before then, Re/code is unpacking one Alphabet company a week*, presenting the facts, figures and, just maybe, the financials behind the silos of the world s most ambitious company. First was Nest. Number two: Access and Energy.

Around the launch of Google Fiber four years ago, long before Alphabet, Google s leaders considered spinning out the high-speed Internet offering as its own business under then-CFO Patrick Pichette. The plan was scrapped, according to several former employees.

But it reveals the concern Google placed on its audacious attempt to built its own, capital-intensive broadband service to take on established players like Comcast, AT&T and Time Warner Cable.

Divisions: Fiber, OnHub routers, Titan drones, Sunroof solar Operating Expenses: $1 billion-$2 billion (estimated for 2016) Key Execs: Craig Barratt, CEO; Dennis Kish, VP, Fiber; Jill Szuchmacher, director of business development, Fiber

Two years later, Fiber would come under a different high-ranking Googler: SVP Craig Barratt. The former Qualcomm exec joined Google in 2013 and was quickly handed the keys to Fiber plus an amorphous group of initiatives touching broadband infrastructure, wireless communications and clean energy.

Now Barratt is an Alphabet CEO, yet his subsidiary could be the most nebulous. It contains a patchwork of the company s projects on Internet access, energy, telecommunications and robotics, but not every one of them (some are in Google X and others remain part of Google).

But Access does include Fiber, which may be the most developed business outside of Google s core. And it might be its most capital intensive   current CFO Ruth Porat has named Access as a spending priority, and analysts project that the Fiber unit will eat as much as $2 billion next year.

Eventually, Alphabet may offer a more cohesive strategy for how Fiber fits in the umbrella business. Access and Energy will soon be re-branded with a new name, sources familiar with the company said.

What ties Access together may be the founding ethos of Fiber. The project was born after Google s unexpected move to bid on wireless spectrum in 2007. Then-CEO Eric Schmidt was obsessed with cutting down barriers between Google and its end customers, according to people who worked on the founding team. At the time, the companies sitting between Google and regular users included Microsoft, via its operating systems and browser, and the Internet service providers. Fiber would fill the second gap   and, in a few short years, mark a significant dent in Google s investment with no immediate payoff on its balance sheet.

If Nest is the test of Alphabet s ability to rope in a startup and operate it independently, Access will gauge whether Larry Page s enterprise can string together skunkworks born inside Google and create a viable, profitable business, not just a costly one.

What to Know

For starters, let s take a tally of the projects that sit under Access (that we know about):

Fiber : Today, Google s fiber-optic broadband and TV provider is up and running in three cities   Kansas City, Austin and Provo, Utah   and is digging ground on six others. Last month, Fiber announced three new cities in its sights, bringing the total potential cities to nine. It hasn t offered a timeline for opening business in the cities.

: Today, Google s fiber-optic broadband and TV provider is up and running in three cities   Kansas City, Austin and Provo, Utah   and is digging ground on six others. Last month, Fiber announced three new cities in its sights, bringing the total potential cities to nine. It hasn t offered a timeline for opening business in the cities. OnHub : Teams under Barratt have fiddled around with wireless hardware since his arrival. Their first public fruit is OnHub, a $200 home broadband router. A second model, made with Asus, came out last month with new intelligence features and the old Google name attached.

: Teams under Barratt have fiddled around with wireless hardware since his arrival. Their first public fruit is OnHub, a $200 home broadband router. A second model, made with Asus, came out last month with new intelligence features and the old Google name attached. Project Link : Two years ago, Google announced this Fiber-for-emerging-markets project, starting with Kampala, Uganda. Last month, it said it built 700 kilometers of fiber across the city and added a new one in Ghana.

: Two years ago, Google announced this Fiber-for-emerging-markets project, starting with Kampala, Uganda. Last month, it said it built 700 kilometers of fiber across the city and added a new one in Ghana. RailTel partnership : Last September, Google announced it was teaming with RailTel, an Indian public broadband provider, to outfit 400 railway stations in the country with Wi-Fi. It came from Google CEO Sundar Pichai, but the project falls under Access.

: Last September, Google announced it was teaming with RailTel, an Indian public broadband provider, to outfit 400 railway stations in the country with Wi-Fi. It came from Google CEO Sundar Pichai, but the project falls under Access. Project Sunroof : This is one of a few energy projects Google has made public, an outgrowth of its partnership and investment in SolarCity. There s not much to it yet: Homeowners can plug in an address and Google spits out a  personalized roof analysis,  making it easier to buy solar panels.

: This is one of a few energy projects Google has made public, an outgrowth of its partnership and investment in SolarCity. There s not much to it yet: Homeowners can plug in an address and Google spits out a  personalized roof analysis,  making it easier to buy solar panels. Project Titan: The product of Google s purchase of Titan Aerospace, maker of solar-powered drones, may show us something soon: Last month, it filed paper with the FAA registering two unmanned vehicles. (Don t confuse this with Project Wing, the drone delivery thing inside Google X.)

Who to Watch

The hodgepodge nature of Access could be a byproduct of Alphabet s nascent formation. The conglomerate is still hunting for a chief to lead its robotics effort, which could take on some Access projects. And Makani, the wind company Google acquired, could conceivably house other clean-energy initiatives, but it has yet to spin out of Google X.

Another reason Access is so disparate is its chief. Barratt, an Australian who once ran Qualcomm s chip unit Atheros, is described as a prototypical Google exec: A patient, capable manager, but foremost a brilliant engineer. He s also a favorite of Page, Alphabet s CEO. Former Googlers said the Access boss is Page s go-to entrepreneur   if Google had hatched projects around telecom tech, particularly those that were rudderless, Page would hand them to Barratt.

He does have capable underlings, however. Dennis Kish, another former Qualcomm exec, took over the Fiber business last year. But most people who know Fiber associated it with Kish s predecessor, Milo Medin, the driving force behind the project. Medin is now working on policy issues, particularly increasing broadband competition, as well as yet-to-be-unveiled Access initiatives.

Another name to know in Fiber is Jill Szuchmacher. The nine-year Google business development vet, based in New York, is responsible for Fiber s expansion. And with that, she must handle many of the corporate and political negotiations necessary to navigate the entrenched industry, which takes on the force of a monopoly in most places.

Where It Stands

Unless Access is hiding a massive moonshot, Fiber is its most advanced and expensive arm. From the little figures we can grok on Fiber, it may be a bigger concern now for telcos than the pay TV business.

Analysts pegged Fiber s broadband reach, in its three existing cities, at 427,000 households and 96,000 businesses. It has hit decent penetration in its existing cities, threatening incumbents like AT&T and CenturyLink, which are burdened with expensive wireline networks and slower speeds.

Fiber s paid video service has had a slower go, in part because Google failed to deliver a unique TV offering. Also, because it s a costly endeavor.

Carlos Kirjner, a senior analyst at Alliance Bernstein, has dug into Fiber s numbers more than anyone outside of Google, conducting door-to-door surveys in its existing cities. Even he s in the dark on how much it s spending. Depending on the pace of Fiber s expansion, Kirjner estimates that unit could claim between $1 billion and $2 billion in capital expenditures next year. (A rep from Access would not comment on spending.)

The conventional wisdom around Fiber is that it s meant to spur the broadband industry to move faster, a move that, in turn, opens the tap to Google s services.  It s really a loss leader out to disrupt the marketplace,  said Anurag Lal, CEO of mobile company Infinite Convergence.

Google s conceit here isn t necessarily to supplant current service providers but to spur them to offer better speeds. It has worked so far   on paper, at least. In Fiber s existing and potential cities, its largest rivals, AT&T and Comcast**, have announced matching gigabit fiber-optic connections to come. The logic applies to most Access initiatives. OnHub, for example, may not generate huge sales, but it could spur competing router companies to cut costs and speed up connections.

But you don t really need super-fast Internet to stream YouTube. And that s not what Access is after. Instead, it s laying the necessary broadband foundation for the tech Alphabet expects to see in our homes in the not-too-distant future   robotics, telemedicine and the futuristic like.

Still, the loss-leader theory only goes so far. As Kirjner points out, driving broadband incumbents everywhere requires that Fiber be everywhere, which requires a profitable business. Unless it borrows ad infinitum from the Google search kitty.

Recent figures from Fiber assured him slightly of this profitable direction. His research shows strong consumer satisfaction in Fiber s existing markets. And, as of June, Fiber s paid video subscriber numbers in Kansas City marked around 42 percent growth over six months.

 The ongoing expansion reinforces our view that the early results in Kansas City and Provo give Google Fiber hope that it could indeed scale up a profitable business,  Kirjner wrote in a research note last month.  Hope and not certainty. 

* So far, Alphabet has confirmed the existence of nine subsidiaries, including Google. It s very likely that an additional one or two   or many   may get the official stamp before the earnings report in January. Rest assured, we will tell you about it if it happens.

** Comcast owns NBCUniversal, an investor in Re/code parent company Vox Media. 
2015-01-21
3 Reasons Google Inc.'s Driverless Cars Will Hit A Dead End Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) head of driverless cars, Chris Urmson, recently predicted that its driverless cars could hit public roads within two to five years. That bold declaration complements the tech giant's previous goal of putting at least 100 driverless vehicles on public roads throughout 2015.

Yet Google doesn't have any car manufacturing aspirations. Instead, it will possibly sell its self-driving system to manufacturers, which would tether more users to its Google Maps ecosystem and ferry passengers across a Google-controlled smart grid.

Google's prototype vehicle, which it unveiled last year, replaces the steering wheel, accelerator, and brakes with simple "stop" and "go" buttons. The fully automated system could reduce the number of car accidents, which claimed between 32,000 to 43,000 American lives annually over the past decade, and get seniors and people with disabilities back on the road.

Four states -- California, Nevada, Florida, and Michigan -- have already legalized driverless vehicles, but I believe that Google's driverless cars could eventually hit a dead end due to three factors -- its proprietary mapping process, high costs, and inevitable privacy concerns.

1. A proprietary mapping process

Google's driverless cars can't drive down any road previously mapped out on Google Maps. Instead, the roads need to be exhaustively scanned again in "high definition." Last year, Google mapped around 2,000 miles of road in this manner, but it still has a long way to go -- California alone has 170,000 miles of public roads.

Google must scan roads in high detail because the rotating laser on top of its vehicle, which "reads" its surroundings in 3D, can't process all of that information in real time. Google's prototype, which has a top speed of 25 mph, also can't recognize humans, potholes, and temporary traffic signals, according to MIT Technology Review.

Meanwhile, the auto industry won't simply wait for Google to sluggishly upgrade its systems and map out roads. Around 90% of leading auto manufacturers have already signed deals with MobilEye (NYSE:MBLY), a maker of "crash avoidance" systems which calibrate cameras and radars with a vehicle's brakes. Mobileye's system automatically applies the brakes if drivers get too close to surrounding objects, other vehicles, and pedestrians. It can also react to traffic lights and signs.

MobilEye has also developed a "semi-autonomous" system which lets vehicles cruise at highway speeds in the correct lane by simply scanning lane markers. The system is comparable to a self-steering version of cruise control, although lane changes must still be done manually. In my opinion, simpler systems like MobilEye's are more practical than Google's proprietary one.

2. An outrageous price tag

Another big problem for Google is the current cost of its driverless car, which is reportedly outfitted with a whopping $250,000 in equipment. Granted, that price will come down as Google improves the technology, but it makes the company's goal of getting its vehicles out to the public within five years seem utterly unrealistic.

By comparison, MobilEye's ADAS (Advanced Driver Assistance System) only costs around $1,000 to install, making it a much more reasonable choice for automakers and aftermarket consumers.

That's probably why Google hasn't announced any partners for its autonomous vehicles yet, even though The Wall Street Journal reports that it held talks with several Detroit-based automakers in the past.

3. Privacy and security issues abound

Google already tracks users via GPS, wireless networks, and Google Maps, but controlling the transportation grid could open the floodgates to all new privacy and security concerns.

For example, a court could subpoena your autonomous driving records like phone records. Insurers could track their customers' driving history to deny them coverage based on "risky" lifestyle choices. Governments might start zoning areas to prevent driverless vehicles from entering. Hackers, who already hacked Google's "smart home" Nest thermostat last year, could possibly hijack vehicles.

All these scenarios indicate that cheaper semi-autonomous vehicles, which can react to surroundings without leaving a trail of digital breadcrumbs, could be preferable to handing the keys over to Google.

Shooting down another moon shot

Google is known for some great ideas, but it's also known for "moon shots" that make sense in Silicon Valley but aren't practical elsewhere.

For example, Project Loon -- its effort to deliver Wi-Fi to low income countries with weather balloons -- made little sense because many people in those countries couldn't afford computers. Google Glass seemed like a revolutionary device, but it flopped due to the creepiness of wearing a $1,500 camera on your face.

Google's driverless vehicles similarly leapfrog over human habits and market scalability with cutting edge technology. As such, Google's "go it alone" strategy with driverless cars remains oddly disconnected with the ongoing "semi-autonomous" evolution of the auto industry, and could eventually lead its costly project into a dead end. Nearly every US arms program found vulnerable to cyber attacks WASHINGTON Nearly every U.S. weapons program tested in fiscal 2014 showed "significant vulnerabilities" to cyber attacks, including misconfigured, unpatched and outdated software, the Pentagon's chief weapons tester said in his annual report released Tuesday.

Michael Gilmore, director of operational test and evaluation (DOT&E), said program managers had worked to resolve problems discovered in previous years and security was improving, but this year's testing had revealed new vulnerabilities.

"Cyber adversaries have become as serious a threat to U.S. military forces as the air, land, sea and undersea threats represented in operational testing for decades," Gilmore wrote in the 366-page report.

"The continued development of advanced cyber intrusion techniques makes it likely that determined cyber adversaries can acquire a foothold in most (Department of Defense) networks, and could be in a position to degrade important DOD missions when and if they chose to," he wrote.

The report comes amid growing attention to cybersecurity within the U.S. government, and was released days after fresh documents leaked by former U.S. intelligence contractor Edward Snowden said China had stolen "many terabytes" of data about the Lockheed Martin Corp F-35 fighter jet.

The Pentagon's F-35 program office said classified data about the new warplane remained secure.

The report said tests of more than 40 weapons revealed problems with cybersecurity, and U.S. troops needed to learn to "fight through" cyber attacks, just as they do now with conventional attacks.

Gilmore said it was troubling that many issues found during operational testing could have been addressed when programs were still in development, and also cited numerous violations of Pentagon password policies.

Even novice techniques had allowed testers to penetrate networks, the report said.

Gilmore said it was critical to follow up cyber testing of weapons with an "adversarial assessment," in which officials pose as enemies and try to hack into systems. He said the U.S. military also had a critical shortfall of cyber personnel.

Cyber testing had grown more realistic, but current cyber ranges needed to be expanded, the report said. It said the office had worked with military officials to develop "cyber playbooks" and battle drills that allow network "defenders" to practice techniques and tactics.

Elsewhere in the report, Gilmore cited specific cybersecurity problems with the U.S. Army's Warfighter Information Network - Tactical built by General Dynamics Corp, the Navy's Joint High Speed Vessel, built by Australia's Austal, as well as the Freedom class of Littoral Combat Ship built by Lockheed.

(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; editing by Andrew Hay) Google Inc.'s Latest Android Bug is a Prime Example of Internet of Things ... Earlier this week, Ars Technica wrote the fearful (and accurate) article "Google won't fix bug hitting 60 percent of Android phones."

In it, Peter Bright explained that Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) was recently notified of a new bug in the WebView part of Android 4.3 (and earlier versions), but the company isn't creating a patch. Instead, Google will simply notify OEMs of the problem.

Yikes.

Older versions of Android do still receive some updates from Google, but the WebView component -- where the current problem is -- isn't getting any more updates.

Bugs and security breaches are, of course, a normal part of our digital lives. And most of the companies that make software (or sell us devices) step up and patch problems without us even knowing there were problems in the first place.

It's not that Google is heartless when it comes to updates, but rather that it is difficult to get the tech company, phone manufacturers, and wireless carriers to all work together to update bits and pieces of mobile software.

Android is a (mostly) open mobile platform that Google makes and then releases to phone makers to put on their devices. The tech giant updates the software to new versions, and even occasionaly does massive updates (as in the case of the Heartbleed bug), but for the most part it's up to OEMs and wireless carriers to update the software on phones.

And that leads us to the massive problem coming with the growing Internet of Things.



Security is already an IoT issue

A few months ago I wrote about the bear case for the Internet of Things, noting that one of the major problems with the IoT is its lack of security, especially for cheaper devices made by small companies.

Speaking to the Harvard Business Review about IoT devices last year, cryptographer and security expert Bruce Schneier said, "These are devices that are made cheaply with very low margins, and the companies that make them don't have the expertise to secure them."

And late last year, HP issued a report showing that some of the most popular Internet of Things home devices could easily be hacked.

Which begs the question: If Google, major phone makers, and wireless carriers can't (or won't) update insecure parts of mobile devices, what makes us think it'll go any better for cheap IoT devices made by small tech players?

In short, it won't. At least not for every connected device.

Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) has said that security needs to be baked into every IoT device from the get-go. The company has IoT security solutions, including its wireless gateways that connect things to cloud systems and networks.

Intel works with McAfee and Winder River's IoT platform to "enable seamless and secure data flow between edge devices and the cloud."

The company has a lot of incentive to secure the IoT, as the company's making a major play on providing the processors that'll power Internet of Things devices. After just a year of setting up a specific Internet of Things division, the company ended 2014 with an expected $2 billion in IoT revenue.

But while Intel and others are working on solutions for major companies, it stills seems unlikely that smaller companies making IoT devices will come equipped with enough security.

At the International Consumer Electronics Show earlier this month the Internet of Things took center stage in many ways -- but security was on the periphery. Motley Fool Tech and Telecom Analyst Nathan Hamilton asked a handful of companies about securing the IoT, but didn't get many straight answers. "After visiting many of the IoT booth's at CES, my biggest takeaway is that very few, if any, companies had a concrete answer on how to secure the IoT on a broad scale. There just aren't any standards that currently exist or answers industry players know at this point," he said.

And that leads us back to the current problem with Android's WebView. When companies create software and devices that connect to the Internet, and then stop updating them -- or simply can't because of complications -- consumers are left vulnerable.

The IoT's massive reach has even lead the U.S. government to issue warnings about Internet of Things security problems. As the IoT is expected to reshape how our homes, cars, utilities, and health systems connect to the Internet, security is about to become more important than ever. Analyst's 5 Top High-Yielding Dividend REIT Stock Picks for 2015 One thing is for sure, anybody looking for income ideas certainly isn t looking at U.S. Treasury debt. With the 30-year bond hitting almost the lowest yields ever, investors looking for ideas to generate income with at least a modicum of safety have few alternatives. A new research note from Baird includes a real estate investment trust (REIT) portfolio of solid stocks that have the qualifications the Baird analysts are looking for.

The Baird team s REIT portfolio stocks must be Outperform-rated companies within Baird s coverage universe. They must have average or lower risk suitability, a dividend yield at least 1.5% above the current 10-year Treasury yield (which closed Tuesday right at 1.80%) and an adjusted funds from operations payout ratio for 2015 under 100%.

Here are the five highest yielding REITs from the Baird REIT portfolio. It is important to keep in mind that REIT distributions may include return of capital.

Armada Hoffler Properties Inc. (NYSE: AHH) is classified in the diversified category by the Baird analysts. The company is a full service real estate company with extensive experience developing, building, owning and managing high-quality, institutional-grade office, retail and multifamily properties in attractive markets throughout the Mid-Atlantic United States.

Armada investors are paid a generous 6.1% distribution. The Baird price target is $12, and the Thomson/First Call consensus target is $11.50. Shares closed trading on Tuesday at $10.43.

ALSO READ: Credit Suisse s Incredible List of Potential Surprises for 2015

Franklin Street Properties Corp. (NYSE: FSP) is in the office properties subsector. The company primarily invests in institutional-quality office properties in the United States. Its strategy is to invest in select urban infill and central business district properties, with primary emphasis on our top five markets of Atlanta, Dallas, Denver, Houston and Minneapolis. It seeks value-oriented investments with an eye toward long-term growth and appreciation, as well as current income.

Franklin Street investors receive a very nice 5.7% distribution. The Baird price objective is $14, and the consensus price target is $13. The closing price on Tuesday was $13.26.

STAG Industrial Inc. (NYSE: STAG) makes the grade in the industrial category at Baird. The company is focused on the acquisition and operation of single-tenant, industrial properties throughout the United States. Its portfolio consists of 248 properties in 36 states with approximately 47 million rentable square feet.

STAG investors are paid a 5% distribution. The Baird price objective is $29, and the consensus target of $26.42 is closer to the price at the close on Tuesday of $26.15.

DuPont Fabros Technology Inc. (NYSE: DFT) falls into the data center REIT subsector. The company leases its data centers to American and international technology companies to house, power and cool the computer servers that support their critical business processes.

DuPont Fabros investors are paid a 4.6% distribution. The Baird price target is posted at $38. The consensus target is $36.69, and the shares closed on Tuesday at $36.48.

BioMed Realty Trust Inc. (NYSE: BMR) falls into the health care category. The company delivers real estate solutions for biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, scientific research institutions, government agencies and other entities involved in the life science industry. BioMed Realty owns or has interests in properties comprising approximately 17.5 million rentable square feet. The company recently it announced it had signed a 15-year lease agreement with Illumina for a new 360,000-square-foot campus to be used for offices and laboratories at Foster City, Calif., between San Francisco and Stanford University.

BioMed investors are paid a 4.3% distribution. The Baird price target is $26, the consensus target is $24.08, and shares closed Friday at $24.17.

ALSO READ: 5 Top Stocks With Big Potential Catalysts This Week

While clearly a step up the risk ladder, these top REITs have consistently paid distributions and offer investors a diverse choice of business silos to choose from. They make good sense for income and growth investors with a degree of tolerance for volatility. Why Google Inc.'s  Project Ara  Smartphones Make Absolutely No Sense Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently announced that it will start testing Project Ara -- its "modular smartphone" which lets users swap out hardware components like Lego blocks -- in a pilot program this year in Puerto Rico.

The unique device, which Google acquired and retained through its purchase of Motorola Mobility, allows users to build their own custom smartphones. This means that consumers can fully control the price to performance ratio of their phones by buying cameras, processors, batteries, speakers or other modules separately from various manufacturers. When the pilot program launches, Google plans to launch 20 to 30 different modules for early adopters.

Project Ara is certainly a unique take on the smartphone, and one that could appeal to tech enthusiasts and hobbyists. Unfortunately, the device also makes very little logical or financial sense for Google.

Why Google wants to make modular smartphones

The idea of modular computing isn't new. Desktop owners have swapped out PC "modules" -- processors, sticks of RAM, hard drives, and graphics cards -- for decades. Upgrading individual parts keeps costs down and extends the life of a device.

But as devices became smaller, they became harder to upgrade as their components became intertwined. For example, upgrading the processor or RAM on smartphones and tablets simply can't be done by consumers without voiding their warranties.

Google previously stated that it plans to launch Project Ara in emerging markets, since the base unit -- which only includes a frame, touchscreen, and a Wi-Fi module -- will only cost $50. Customers then buy the additional parts they need, so those with higher budgets can build beastly devices, while those with less money can build more spartan ones. Meanwhile, it will tether both low-end and high-end customers to its Android ecosystem.

Why Google's approach doesn't make sense

Unfortunately, that strategy neglects a key issue -- the plunging prices of smartphones.

Last June, Indian manufacturer Celkon launched a $50 Android smartphone. Two months later, Mozilla teamed up with Indian company Intex to launch a Firefox OS phone for $33. Earlier this month, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) launched the Lumia 435, its cheapest Windows Phone ever at $81. Google itself launched Android One, an initiative which aids the development of $100 Android smartphones for emerging markets.

However, customers who buy a $50 base Project Ara phone must buy several additional modules simply to match the specs of one of those low-end devices, which could make Ara phones much more expensive than their regular, non-modular counterparts. The reason is simple -- logic boards with embedded modules (camera, CPU, RAM) installed are generally cheaper than the sum of the individual components.

Moreover, the current smartphone upgrade cycle is heavily influenced by carrier contracts. Customers are now used to upgrading their phones to the newest devices every one or two years instead of simply swapping out the processor or camera.

Overestimating the geek appeal

Lastly, Google could be overestimating the appeal of DIY smartphones.

For example, Steve Jobs built Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) modern business by simplifying products that other companies invented -- MP3 players, smartphones, and tablets -- into user-friendly ones that "simply worked." With the iPod, iPhone, and iPad, Apple turned niche products into mainstream ones that even your grandparents could use, while "upgrading" devices became a simple matter of buying the new one with the higher number.

With Project Ara, Google turns Apple's strategy upside down by deconstructing a simple product into more complicated pieces. This might seem exciting to people who like to tinker with gadgets, but it can confuse and alienate mainstream consumers.

A fun but flawed experiment

Project Ara seems like a fresh take on the smartphone, but I seriously doubt that it will be remembered as much more than a flawed experiment in mobile design. The price of Ara's individual modules will prevent it from competing against emerging market devices, while the complicated nature of picking out individual modules could frustrate less tech-savvy consumers.

Project Ara might gain popularity among a niche group of enthusiasts, but that likely won't be enough to convince Google -- which exited handsets by selling Motorola Mobility to Lenovo (NASDAQOTH:LNVGY) last year -- to launch the modular devices worldwide. Samsung's Tizen Could Flank Google Inc. and Apple Inc. in This $71 Billion Market Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) recently announced in a blog post that it would unleash a "flood of devices" running Tizen, its own operating system, later this year. Tizen currently powers some of Samsung's wearable devices and cameras, but the company now plans to expand that ecosystem with Tizen smart TVs and appliances. That plan complements Samsung's recent launch of the Z1, its first Tizen-powered smartphone, in India.

Expanding Tizen can help Samsung decrease its dependence on the Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android smartphone market, where it has lost ground against cheaper Chinese rivals like Xiaomi and Lenovo. If Samsung ever replaces all of its Android devices with Tizen ones, it could own the third largest mobile OS in the world after Android and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS.

But Tizen's real strength isn't in mobile devices. Instead, it represents a way for Samsung to flank Google and Apple in the booming "smart home" market, which Juniper Research expects to grow from $33 billion in 2013 to $71 billion by 2018.

Consumer electronics and the Internet of Things

Many investors solely focus on Samsung's mobile business, which accounted for 52% of its revenue and 43% of its operating profit last quarter. That's why Samsung's loss of market share (from 32.5% to 23.8% between the third quarters of 2013 and 2014, according to IDC) was so troubling.

Yet many people overlook Samsung's consumer electronics (CE) division, which accounted for 24% of its revenue but a mere 1% of its operating profit last quarter. The CE division sells monitors and TVs, home appliances, printers, and medical equipment.

Many of those devices will eventually be tethered to the Internet of Things (IoT), a market which IDC forecasts will grow from $1.9 trillion in 2013 to $7.1 trillion in 2020.

Low margins, big ecosystem potential

Samsung manufactures roughly a fifth of the world's flat panel TVs, according to Strategy Analytics. Margins for TVs have dramatically declined over the past few years due to market commoditization, but newer smart TVs can act as central hubs for Samsung's Tizen and Android devices.

Since Apple and Google don't have big consumer electronics arms, they rely on partnerships with manufacturers of smart lightbulbs, smart locks, and other connected devices to advance its smart home plans. Samsung can simply sell those devices out of its CE business.

Apple's smart home platform, HomeKit, turns an iPhone or Apple TV set-top box into a universal remote for connected devices. Google plans to make Nest, the smart thermostat it acquired last year, into a central hub for smart devices.

The flaw with Apple's approach is that it will be narrowly restricted to iPhone owners, who account for 12% of the worldwide market (IDC), or a niche group of Apple TV owners. Google's strategy relies on consumers purchasing an unfamiliar smart thermostat to get the ball rolling. By comparison, Samsung can simply convert its newer TVs into smart home hubs.

How Tizen could grow

In the future, consumers might receive notifications from their Samsung oven, washer, dryer, refrigerator, or robot vacuums on their smart TV screens. This means that they would need to check on their appliances less often.

Samsung's own smartwatches and mobile devices could also connect directly to its TVs soon. The company turned the Gear into a remote control for its smart TVs in late 2013 via an app, but we still haven't seen a closer integration of health tracking features on wearables with smart TVs yet. Consumers can also mirror the screens of select Samsung Galaxy phones onto its smart TVs via a wireless hub.

If Samsung launches more Tizen devices and TVs, these products will operate under the same OS umbrella, which will make it easier to introduce better cross-device features. This means that TVs and smartwatches could work together and remind users to walk around every hour, and smart appliance notifications could be delivered directly to users' wrists.

Samsung took a big step toward linking all these devices together by acquiring SmartThings, an open platform for IoT devices, last year. Last November, it launched the SmartThings hub, which pulls data from their Samsung smart devices onto a mobile app. Pairing SmartThings with Tizen could eventually transform Tizen from a niche OS into a mainstream one for smart homes.

Don't count Samsung out yet

Apple and Google are well poised to grow their presence across the smart home industry, but neither company should ignore Samsung. Tizen doesn't have much of a presence on mobile devices yet, but if Samsung properly leverages its large CE business to spread Tizen across smart appliances, it could seriously hamper Apple and Google's IoT ambitions. Google Buys a Combined Stake in SpaceX with Fidelity Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. 
2015-02-15
Insurers prove laggards in technology race LONDON At a time the financial sector is racing to embrace digital technology to boost sales and drive profits, the traditionally staid insurance industry is in danger of falling behind.

Some insurers are using developments such as telematics, or social media sources, to increase the amount of information they have about customers to reduce claims and theoretically make insurance cheaper for all.

Telematics uses aircraft-style "black boxes" that have been in Formula One racing cars for years to collect data about how policyholders drive their cars, so they can be rewarded with lower insurance premiums if they adopt a cautious style.

But an industry that has long relied on personal contacts, the Lloyd's of London insurance market started in a coffee house in the 17th century, has not been quick to embrace new technology or mine vast new data sets, known as "Big Data".

The reluctance to roll out technology with the same enthusiasm as banks and some investment managers is partly cultural, partly financial.

"Compared to many other industries, (insurers) are still playing catch-up. The sector has a very traditional culture." said Catherine Barton, partner at EY.

Staff at Lloyd's, home to more than 90 trading syndicates in London's financial district, still trundle suitcases of claim forms for complex insurance transactions.

Function rooms in its flagship building are furnished with antiques, while besuited underwriters swap ideas in local pubs and restaurants when the market closes for lunch.

STATUS QUO

Lloyd's Chief Executive Inga Beale has said the industry needs to take technology on board to maintain its role in global business. The firm recently appointed a Chief Data Officer and Beale said the sector needs to attract new, tech-savvy talent.

Insurers already carry plenty of data about policyholders, and have started mining sources such as Facebook, to cut fraud or better estimate customers' claims.

But a mass of different systems, often the legacy of firms being swallowed up by bigger insurers, makes it hard to streamline technology. Some firms have chosen the status quo.

"I have a very jaundiced view of the generation behind me, they are too reliant on technology," one broker told Reuters. "I don't believe this (face-to-face approach) will disappear."

Even if firms want to harness technology, they may be unwilling to commit cash. Insurers are struggling to balance their books, with bond yields at record lows and slashing the returns they make on investing premiums.

TRENDSETTERS

A report from Morgan Stanley and Boston Consulting Group says the first movers will reap bigger spoils.

They say a full transformation to becoming a digital company could cut an insurer's combined ratio by 21 percentage points, in other words making the firm more profitable. Expenses could fall by 10 percent of premiums and claims by 8 percent.

Germany's Allianz is highlighted in the report as a good example of a traditional insurer working to enhance its digital capabilities and transform its business model.

It is investing 400-500 million euros a year in digital initiatives such as setting up an innovation lab to work with young companies on Big Data, mobile, social media and sponsorship, the report said.

Others are focusing on telematics, one of the industry's brightest innovations. Britain's RSA has a telematics product and underwrites business for specialist telematics insurer Ingenie. Direct Line also does telematics.

Belgian insurer Ageas, which has a British division and writes insurance for firms such as Tesco Bank, also underwrites Ingenie's telematics car insurance, while Progressive is a frontrunner in the United States.

Still, the benefits sometimes seem unclear and the use of telematics remains low. Britain, Italy and the United States are among the most developed markets, but penetration is 3.5 percent in Italy, 2.5 percent in Britain and just 1 percent worldwide.

The black boxes are expensive for the insurer to fit into cars, only making it worthwhile for young or inexperienced drivers, whose policies are more expensive. Some insurers are waiting for the cost of the boxes to fall, or for alternatives such as mobile phone apps or Internet-connected cars.

TOO EXPENSIVE

British insurer Aviva was one of the first to introduce telematics. Policyholders had 30 percent fewer accidents and premiums fell by the same amount.

Aviva has since pulled out because it was costing too much to buy and install the boxes, but it now offers discounts to drivers using mobile apps to monitor their driving habits.

The technology has also not yet arrived for telematics to be used in markets beyond motor insurance.

New uses for telematics could include an oven that tells your house insurer it has been left on, or a smartwatch that tells your health insurer if your blood pressure is too high.

"In the next few years, we'll see a lot of change in (the way) technology will impact pricing," said Rudi Van Delm, director for pricing and underwriting at Direct Line.

But until that technology becomes more cost-effective, insurers focused on retail consumers may invest more in their online presence and use of price comparison sites.

Even with the prospect of technological advances, insurers say there is still a need for human interaction.

Inside the "Walkie-Talkie" building, one of London's newest skyscrapers, RSA offers its telematics-based insurance but also provides a meeting room where brokers can mingle and do business the old-fashioned way.

"More complex and more large-scale products are always reliant on some form of relationship management and negotiation," said Tim Skates, RSA's chief technology officer.

(Additional reporting by Richa Naidu; editing by Sinead Cruise and David Clarke) Can Facebook Inc Overpower YouTube? It took YouTube six years to reach 3 billion video views per day. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) did it in about a year. Of course, Facebook had the benefit of building on top of the world's largest social network and some questionable policies regarding what counts as a video view. Still, YouTube owner Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) can't ignore Facebook's sudden impact on the short-form online video market.

Despite almost no means of monetizing videos uploaded directly to Facebook, the social network is attracting new productions from some of YouTube's biggest channels. That's because Facebook offers a key benefit over YouTube despite a lack of financial opportunities.

Exposure is a powerful currency

The Young Turks -- one of YouTube's most popular news channels -- just developed a new series aimed exclusively at getting more people to share its content on Facebook. Facebook is built around sharing content, and that is its biggest advantage over YouTube.

While Google makes sharing a YouTube video on any social network pretty simple, it can't beat Facebook's one-click solution. Any amount of friction in the process reduces the number of shares.

That might be why the first episode of The Young Turks' Final Judgement had 56% more views on Facebook than on YouTube two days after its simultaneous release on both platforms. The second episode had even more views than the first on Facebook, and more than three times the number of views than on YouTube.

Of course, Facebook is much more flexible about what constitutes a view than is YouTube. Since Facebook autoplays videos in users' News Feeds, it counts a video view after 3 seconds of the video playing. YouTube requires a viewer to click a link to the video. Facebook still provides data to the creators regarding how many viewers made it 25%, 50%, 75%, and 100% through a video.

Will Facebook ever figure out monetization?

The Young Turks development is exciting for Facebook investors because it shows the company can attract top talent to its video platform despite lacking several key features that make YouTube appealing. The attraction is based purely on the size of its network and its ability to provide exposure.

Native videos provide value to Facebook even if it is not displaying ads with them. Embedded videos keep Facebook users on Facebook instead of sending them to YouTube or some other competitor. That increases both the time spent on Facebook and the number of static display ads the company can show users.

Still, the real money is in video ads. YouTube last year generated an estimated $1.1 billion of net video ad revenue in the U.S. alone. That's not a lot for Google, but it's 9% of Facebook's total revenue in 2014. Digital video ad spend in the U.S. is expected to more than double from the 2014 level by 2018.

Facebook ran an experiment with the National Football League to run Verizon Wireless commercials after NFL highlights during the playoffs. The results of the experiment are unclear, but look for Facebook to continue working on ways to monetize its video content.

Investors hoping for Facebook to figure out video monetization will have to have faith in CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his team -- just as they did when Facebook was trying to figure out how to make money from mobile users. The difference is that the company's entire business doesn't rely on monetizing its video viewers as it did for monetizing mobile users.

Finding an effective way to monetize its video content could boost Facebook's video ad revenue exponentially. Not only would its video ad inventory instantly grow, the potential for revenue sharing with publishers would attract more video uploads. That remains a future possibility, however, with no clear indication that the NFL experiment produced satisfactory results.

But even if Facebook never figures out a great way to monetize its video content, it provides value to video producers looking to gain added exposure to their Web series. That's bad news for YouTube, which is used to receiving significant traffic from Facebook. 
2015-01-08
The Death of Cable and the Coming War for the Online Streaming Market News

Cable television is a dead industry walking.

Sure, there s a certain engrained nature to the business that allows it to lumber forward for a while, but it doesn t actually provide a service of any real value anymore. Instead, it manufactures value through a collaboration of media conglomerates that control the flow of content. In essence, cable companies force people into using their service despite the fact that we could just as easily access all of that content through the other service they provide. You know the Internet.

And hey, it works! For now. It s just that, historically, the Internet has always had a way of completely destroying business models built around that very principle, and I don t see how this could play out any differently.

The Cable Business Model: Inefficiency Masked as Service

When cable was the only way to watch most television, it was pretty obvious why you would spend $50 a month on their services. Content creators made content, you wanted to consume content, and cable was the vessel through which you got to that content. Thus, there was a need.

Now? Content creators make content and they can just as easily send it directly to you. The Internet is essentially the only conduit that s really needed. That basically makes cable an increasingly obsolete middle man for your television content. Except that it s really more frustrating than that, given that Time Warner (TWC) and Comcast (CMCSA) are also providing Internet services. So, essentially, they re fighting really hard to prevent you from using their one service to access content just so they can maintain the existence of a second, unnecessary service in order to double the size of your monthly bill. Just another way that cable companies are really, really terrible. Precisely the sort of inefficiency a free and open market would likely stamp out if we actually had a free market with regard to cable services. We. Do. Not.

So why DON T more content creators skip cable and go straight to the source? What s stopping NBC, for instance, from just offering up its content on its website?

Well, the fact that NBC is owned by Comcast is likely a pretty significant factor. It s also still a lot more convenient for some large content creators to use cable to effectively outsource their efforts to collect fees and/or handle subscriber information. Getting one big check from Comcast and Time Warner beats dealing with millions of individual, tiny checks from consumers. But that s all built around outdated content delivery systems in much the same way newspapers, magazines, and record companies were right up until their near-complete collapse in the last decade or so.

Cable television seems ripe for death by a thousand cuts. Or a thousand websites, as it were.

In fact, said death has already started.

The Growing Power of the Cord Cutters

I likely overstated the degree to which cable companies have successfully limited access to content online. There are plenty of options out there for cord cutters like myself. Between Hulu and perhaps some, ahem, legally creative alternative options, one can watch pretty much everything online that the more traditional couch potato gets on their TV.

There s still plenty of traditional television programming that s only available online if you can provide the streaming site with proof that you have a cable subscription. You know, the ol   we could let you watch this on this service but we won t unless you re already paying for this other service that you obviously wouldn t need if we would just let you watch this on the first service  strategy that has such a long, glorious history in business.

Live sports, most notably. NBC s Olympic coverage is available online six ways to Sunday provided you re already paying for cable. You can stream ESPN from its website provided you re already paying for cable. Even outside of live sports, there was HBO Go, the online service that could stream HBO content provided you re already paying for cable.

But, as Bob Dylan once sang,  You better start swimming or you ll sink like a stone, for the times they are a-changin .  What could potentially have been written off as relatively unimportant fissures may be progressing into wholesale cracks in the armor that could be harbingers of the end.

Increasingly, we re seeing companies that create content but lack the direct connection to cable companies of a network (like NBC) are not so willing to toe the party line indefinitely. In mid-October, HBO1 (TWX) announced that it would be offering some version of its HBO Go service to online-only subscribers, allowing cord-cutters another way to circumvent cable aside from their parents  password.

And that likely pales in comparison to the bomb that dropped on Monday when satellite television company DISH Network (DISH) announced that it would be offering a new online subscription package of eleven cable channels available to stream live for a mere $20 a month. Why such a big deal? Because that package includes ESPN. Live sports have long been cited as the last bastion of event television, one of the only things left where people will actually sit through live commercials rather than use their DVR. It s why the Los Angeles Dodgers saw a price tag north of $2 billion when they sold in 2013.

Streaming is the Future (But Reed Hastings Already Knew That)

This was all just a rather long-winded way to get around to picking horses in the battle for market share in online streaming that s starting to take shape.

I should begin by saying that a lot of us may owe Reed Hastings an apology. A big one. I know I do. In 2011, Hastings tried to make some pretty bold moves. He tried to split Netflix s (NFLX) streaming and DVD services, boosting the cost of having both significantly, and lost a lot of subscribers in the process.

The company s stock cratered, and a lot of critics (like myself) were lampooning silly Reed Hastings who didn t understand that he was running a mail service DVD rental company. Here he is talking about how  we consider HBO to be our biggest competitor  and  the future of the industry is online streaming  and  we re going to start making our own content.  Such grand ambitions! What a dolt!

Well, lesson learned. I am the dolt.

Turns out Reed Hastings was utterly prophetic in anticipating the next three years (at least) of market trends and in seeing how his company could and would transform itself to stay ahead of the curve. This is why I m a critic and not a CEO, folks.

Either way, for all of the potential that exists in old-school media empires starting to break ranks and offer content to consumers, the trail Netflix has blazed in terms of building a streaming-only content company from the ground up is equally important. Today, Netflix has Emmy-winning television shows that appear exclusively on its service. Some people are more than willing to subscribe to their service just to get the chance to watch Orange is the New Black or House of Cards.

What s more, Netflix may be playing a crucial part in winning the hearts and minds of the average consumer over to Team Streaming. Cable might be able to count on a certain amount of consumer inertia in people unfamiliar with streaming not wanting to go to the effort of making the big change of cord cutting.

Now? Netflix is hanging a big juicy carrot out there to tempt people across the divide. Plenty of people may be signing up for Netflix just to watch a few movies and a gripping political drama without any intent of seriously reconsidering their cable package   only to find that Netflix is effectively the Trojan Horse that shows them a world without their cable box that they may even prefer.

So Netflix has positioned itself pretty well as the first-in/(arguably) best-of-breed for your dedicated streaming platforms. But that is not to say that the race is over. There are a variety of players geared up and ready to make their own play to control this space, which appears to be the next big battleground in corporate media. So, here s a quick look at each of the players:

Netflix (NFLX)

As noted above, Netflix has done a lot to reshape how people think about this industry. By combining large-scale purchases of the rights to a huge library of content, delving into really innovative techniques for giving consumers precisely what they want even if they didn t know that was what they wanted (as is outlined in this positively fascinating piece in The Atlantic written by Alex Madrigal), and producing original content that is enough of a draw to attract a large swath of new customers all on its own. All for under $10 a month.

Amazon (AMZN)

Amazon is an intriguing player in this regard in that it s integrated a streaming service that can at least rival Netflix into its broader Amazon Prime service.

Let me go ahead and say that Amazon Prime has changed my life. It s wonderful. Nearly everything is available, has customer reviews, is offered at competitive prices, and gets shipped for free. The ability to buy a toaster online may not appeal to some, but trust me when I tell you that going to a Target (TGT) in Los Angeles on a Saturday is enough to make you seriously reconsider the potential benefits of China s one child policy.

And that was before I even realized that my membership came with a robust library of streaming content. Amazon Prime appears to be here to play and here to stay. It certainly hasn t generated as much clout as Netflix with its original programming, but shows like Orphan Black and Transparent are both getting a lot of attention. The company could arguably take a loss on original programming if it s effectively leveraging those shows into more Prime subscribers.

And in terms of licensed content, Amazon Prime is no slouch. One surprising aspect of HBO Go offering direct streaming is that HBO had already cut a deal to offer most of its old programming to Amazon Prime members, something that would seem to indicate the network s intent to continue outsourcing that part of its business. Prime members can also stream a large portion of Viacom television properties, including most of Comedy Central s original programming.

All told, the fact that Amazon has built this out as an offshoot of its online shopping empire makes it an interesting play. It s almost as if Wal-Mart (WMT) had bought Netflix outright as a companion/marketing tool for its broader footprint. And again, in much the same way that Best Buy (BBY) used to use cheap CDs as a loss leader to draw customers into its stores with an eye towards larger purchases of televisions or stereos down the line, Amazon could just as easily have a distinct advantage in the streaming space because of its presence as the dominant player in the online shopping industry.

HBO Go (TWX)

As stated above, Netflix and HBO Go are chief competitors. However, you have to hand it to HBO. HBO doesn t offer nearly as large a library of licensed content, really just a handful of movies. HBO is making hay almost entirely on its massive catalog of award-winning original content amassed over a 20-year hot streak in making ground-breaking television.

At the very least, as long as HBO keeps pumping out hits like The Sopranos, The Wire, and Game of Thrones, it s always going to have a place at the table. That said, string together a series of misses and things could change quickly, especially given the stakes created by the high cost of these series.

The other major difference here is HBO s place in the larger Time Warner media empire. That s something that simultaneously gives it a lot more and a lot less flexibility than a stand-alone company like Netflix. All told, if we the consumers are about to encounter a decade of these two companies trading body blows in the form of edgy, engaging, and entertaining shows, I m not sure it matters who wins out.

Hulu

Hulu offers up all of the network television you could want for free, making money by showing ads. It only offers up access to new episodes on a weekly schedule as opposed to the group dumping you see on Netflix. Basically, it s just like television, but online. That s by design   it s an (almost)2 equal partnership between NBC, ABC (DIS) , and Fox (FOXA) .

It offers HuluPlus, a pay service that includes access to certain new episodes ahead of the free service, not to mention a decent-sized library of older television content. It also has the gall to continue running ads even when you re a paying subscriber, which is infuriating.

CBS (CBS)

CBS has long been the lone surviving independent television network, remaining its own company long after essentially everything else on cable became a part of one or the other major media conglomerates. CBS already offers content directly on its website and not on Hulu. It also announced the launch of its own subscription streaming service, news that appeared to get lost in the ether given that they did so just a day after HBO made its big announcement in October.

YouTube (GOOG)

Okay, this may SEEM like an odd one to include on this list, but I think it may not be as odd as you re thinking.

YouTube is its own thing, competing for a different demographic using a different type of content. Your cat videos and vlogs as opposed to your scripted, episodic series. However, YouTube s structure is such that it offers any and all comers a shot to get paid for their video content provided they get the views. For the time being, that has translated to mainly low-budget, DIY-types taking advantage. But could the next evolution be one where YouTube provides the platform for shows that couldn t find a home elsewhere to thrive? Hard to say at this point, but YouTube is already a big business and has a lot of potential to keep building on its success.

What Streams May Come 

At the end of the day, I would hate to be handicapping this race as an actual investor because that might ruin some of the fun that will come out of watching how things play out. As it stands now, there s a seemingly inevitable upheaval of everything we understand about consuming television content right on the horizon and a wide swath of possible outcomes.

Say, for instance, that those companies in possession of the rights to massive backlogs of movie and television content (CBS, Disney, and Fox to name a few) ultimately decide that launching their own stand-alone services with exclusive access to their content library is the way to go? You pay $10 a month and get access to Disney s entire empire, say. All of the sudden Netflix and Amazon Prime are out in the cold, unable to buy most of their current licensed content they currently rely on because the companies holding those rights are keeping them for their own service. Hulu, in that scenario, probably disappears entirely.

Imagine a marketplace where the consumer has to decide which of the five or six major content distributers to subscribe to? Some version of the a la carte option that cable long held out against. Maybe that leads to a series of mergers and consolidation to bulk up libraries. And maybe it goes the other way, with a number of smaller, independent content creators offering up niche content for low-cost subscriptions.

Push comes to shove, the future seems wide open. We re now about two decades out from the Internet initially getting injected into popular culture and it s still finding new ways to be incredibly disruptive to old business models. At the end of the day, even if the content these companies churn out doesn t wind up being particularly entertaining, their competition for the streaming dollar should be.

1 For those of you thinking  Wait, isn t HBO one of those companies with a direct tie to a cable company, namely Time Warner?  you re right and wrong. HBO IS owned by Time Warner, but Time Warner, Inc. (TWX). Time Warner Cable (TWC) is an entirely separate company that was spun off of the larger Time Warner during a 2009 restructuring. That said, they still share their name and an office space, which likely made for some pretty awkward elevator rides the day HBO announced it was offering a cable-less HBO Go option.

2 Fox actually owns 36% of Hulu to the 32% owned by ABC and NBC.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer 
2015-09-28
Bob Peck On Google: 'The Numbers Support The Letters' Shares of Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) have risen 19.59 percent year-to-date, reaching a peak of $699.62 on July 17.

(NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) have risen 19.59 percent year-to-date, reaching a peak of $699.62 on July 17. Bob Peck of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey has reiterated a Buy rating and price target of $770 on the company.

While the risk/reward profile of the stock is currently favorable, Peck expects meaningful upside when visibility improves into the performance of the company and its various segments.

Bob Peck explained,  We view the reorganization positively as it should allow for a greater investor focus on the core revenue and profit drivers, while allowing exposure to possible areas of investment / optionality for the future and the impressive investment portfolio. 

Related Link: Google's Alphabet Ties Everyone To A 'More Singular Cause'

The core Search business continues to be the primary cash flow and valuation driver for the company, according to Peck. However, core growth has weakened in the recent past, driven by lower CPMs for mobile/video, affiliate sites improving their user experience and FX headwinds.

 We believe, however, that future growth likely will come more from secular growth in online/mobile video usage and monetization, Cloud, targeted local ads, and Mobile,  the SunTrust report said.

Peck expects revenue of $80 billion (ex-TAC) and EBITDA of $45 billion for the core Search business by 2017, from revenue of $52 billion and EBITDA of $28 billion in 2014.

Alphabet s other businesses include  a diverse array of operating businesses, startup investments, and Google X.  It also includes some  nascent operating units  and  next-gen initiatives. 

Peck believes that these businesses would be able to generate revenues of $2 billion and EBITDA of $(4) billion by 2017, as compared to revenues of $350 million and EBITDA of $(2) billion in 2014.

The EBITDA estimates for 3Q15 and 2016 have been revised to reflect increased costs.

Latest Ratings for GOOGL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 BMO Capital Downgrades Outperform Market Perform Mar 2017 Loop Capital Initiates Coverage On Hold Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for GOOGL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Alphabet Bob Peck SunTrust Robinson HumphreyAnalyst Color Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-03-13
Google Inc investors in Canada, here's why your dividend is up for interpretation If you re an individual Canadian resident investor who owned Google shares in March 2014 when Google issued its stock dividend, by now you would have received your T5 slip reporting the amount of foreign income in respect of that transaction.

But the amount reported on your slip may differ dramatically, depending on your brokerage firm s interpretation of the Canadian tax consequences of the transaction.

In January 2014, Google, whose U.S. headquarters are in Mountain View, Calif., approved the issuance of the Class C stock dividend and set March 27, 2014 as the record date. The Class C stock dividend was issued on April 2, 2014 and the new shares began trading the next day on the NASDAQ exchange under the original symbol GOOG. The Class A stock also trades on the NASDAQ under the new symbol GOOGL.

If you owned Class A stock on the record date, you would have received shares of the new Class C capital stock on a one-for-one basis. For example, if you owned 100 shares of Class A (GOOG) stock prior to the issue of the dividend, you would now own 100 shares of Class A (GOOGL) stock plus 100 shares of Class C (GOOG) stock after April 2, 2014.

Related

For U.S. tax purposes, the entire transaction was done on a tax-deferred basis, with the U.S. taxpayer s tax cost divided between the Class A shares and the Class C shares on a pro-rata basis based on their respective fair market values on the first day of trading, April 3, 2014.

On that date, the official closing prices of GOOGL shares was US$571.50 and GOOG shares was US$569.74. As a result, 50.08% of a U.S. investor s cost base was allocated to GOOGL with 49.92% allocated to GOOG.

For Canadian investors who held Google shares in a non-registered account, however, the stock foreign stock dividend is taxed as foreign income at the investor s marginal tax rate.

Under Canadian tax law, however, the amount of a stock dividend that needs to be reported is the increase in the paid-up capital of the corporation due to the stock dividend. Under California corporate law, stocks can be issued at  par value  which forms the amount that gets added to the corporation s capital, even if the market value is quite different.

Since Google Class C shares were issued with a par value of US$0.001 per share, this is the amount that most Canadian brokerages used as the foreign income per share to be reported on your T5 slip. It also represents the adjusted cost base of your new Class C shares, with the result that many Google investors have a significant accrued capital gain on their Class C share and an accrued capital loss on their Class A shares.

Interestingly, however, at least one Canadian brokerage has taken a different approach and reported the fair market value of the new Class C shares (GOOG) of US$569.74 per share as foreign income on their clients  T5 slips.

If you suspect that your T5 is too high, you may wish to speak to a tax professional before filing your 2014 return.

Jamie Golombek, CPA, CA, CFP, CLU, TEP is the Managing Director, Tax & Estate Planning with CIBC Wealth Advisory Services in Toronto. Google Eyeing Acquisition Of Indian Startup Inmobi To Boost Ad Revenue Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) is in talks to buy Indian mobile advertising startup Inmobi recently. Inmobi is a Bangalore, India-based startup working in the area of mobile advertising interface and the US-based search engine giant has a huge user base to offer for mobile advertising. This could be Google s first deal in India s startup, taking a cue from Facebook.

It is not certain yet that the Indian company will put itself on sale or not. The companies started discussing the deal in September last year, but the discussions went nowhere. They are now talking formally and the next step is technology due diligence. Things are different for both Google and Inmobi now. Google faces a stiff competition from Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) in mobile advertising; Inmobi has also faced difficulties in raising funds recently. This deal, if successful, will be the biggest transaction in the Indian startup space. Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) bought Indian startup ZipDial for around $30 million earlier this year to increase its capabilities in mobile ad space.

Inmobi s startup journey

Inmobi, currently valued at $2-$2.5 billion, was setup in 2007 by Naveen Tewari and fellow IIT-ians Amit Gupta, Mohit Saxena and Abhay Singhal. It began with the name Mkhoj as a mobile search venture and changed its name and business model and went on to become a startup success story. It is backed by Japan s Softbank, capital venture firm Sherpalo and other investors. Inmobi makes money by showing mobile advertisements for the biggest brands in the world. 43% of mobile devices on InMobi s network come from advanced mobile markets in North America and Western Europe. Asia Pacific, which accounts for 38% of InMobi s audience, is the second largest contributor, while Latin America makes up a further 10%. It targets the right user at the right time to maximize the results. Inmobi has a huge user base and a team of engineers, analysts and data scientists for doing so. Inmobi s most difficult task is developing analytics to understand users in a better way. Inmobi boasts of around 1 billion users in 200 countries.

Both Google and Inmobi refused to comment on the deal. Both the companies are negotiating on how may unique users Inmobi has. Its competitor being Millennial Media, Admob and Apple s (NASDAQ:AAPL) iAd service in the mobile advertising world.

Google in the mobile advertising world

Google has already bought Admob for $750 million. This potential acquisition will give Google a stronger presence in the mobile ad space in which Facebook has emerged as a key player. Facebook showing its dominance among mobile web users has larger share of revenue in the Ad space. Mobile advertising accounted for 69% of Ad revenue for Facebook in the fourth quarter. This deal can be Google s move to parry the competition. Facebook commands a third of mobile display ads. Facebook and Google together command half of it. The promise of mobile advertisements is familiarity. As Facebook knows who we are and Google knows what we want, these two are tough competitors. Twitter, Apple Inc and Pandora Media Inc (NYSE:P) are other key players in mobile advertising. Other players fight for just one-fourth of the market.

Conclusion

India has almost 240 million mobile web users, a lot of people access the web only through mobile devices especially since the time smartphones have come into vogue. Mobile advertising is an extremely effective medium in the country. This is one of the reasons for growth of Inmobi s user base in the country. But recent valuations by investors have not been in favor of Inmobi. The company recently turned to profit in the last quarter of 2014. The skepticism by the investors in the latest round of funding can be a concern for the company. Most investors valued it around $1.5 to $1.8 million. This could be the reason for inception of the deal with Google. On the other hand if Google succeeds in bagging this Indian startup, they will get the required arsenal to counter the competition from the advertising heavy weight Facebook and can draw in sizable ad revenue to paint a better financial picture for its investors. For now, all Google patrons and investors should wait with their fingers crossed and wish that the deal go through in Google s favour so that they can reap better profits from their stakes in the search engine giant.

About the author: Singapore: The Next Bubble to Burst News

Singapore has the highest standard of living of any country in Asia - higher even than the US. There are two reasons for this:

It s a large city that s very strategically located. It has high value-added jobs from a heavy concentration of finance and trade, rather than mere manufacturing.

That s why it s called the Monte Carlo of Asia. The problem is, because it s 100% urban and has limited land, it has some of the most expensive real estate in the world.

Why is that a problem?

Well, take a look at this chart:

You can see how real estate prices in Singapore have risen 68% since early 2009 and 110% since the 1999 low after the Southeast Asian financial crisis. Once the country s government began actively attracting foreign professionals and investors, the value of prime properties rose 80% from 2004 to 2013, increasing on top of already high global prices.

Today, the price of central-city real estate is $18,406 per square meter, versus $10,381 in New York. The average home price adjusted for purchasing power parity is $10,382 per square meter versus $6,728 in London and $6,111 in Paris. That s extreme, when you consider that residents of Singapore pay 78% more than New Yorkers, while they make 25% less on average.

That s clearly a bubble and as I constantly reiterate: Bubbles ALWAYS burst.

In the beginning, they burst from their own extremes. In the US, the subprime crisis triggered the fall, but when you look at China today, cracks are appearing due to massive overbuilding and vacancies.

Singapore's Own Trigger

Like Hong Kong, it is a city in a wealthy and developed country. It features high level middle-class households - and not just marginal ones. Recently, there s been a public backlash against foreign buyers who are bidding up real estate and making it unattainable for the everyday, $60,000-a-year household.

This happened in Hong Kong and also in San Francisco, but in different ways. In San Francisco, the locals particularly hate large tech companies like Google, Inc. (GOOG) , which are forcing them out of their neighborhoods in the Bay Area.

In Singapore, however, the government decided to react to the public sentiment. After all, it s a democracy.Those in charge instituted a succession of strong measures to curb foreign buying, and speculation in general.

The first was an up-front property sales tax of 18% for foreign buyers ouch!

The second was additional taxes on properties that were flipped: 16% within one year, and 12% within two years.

So, foreign buyers flipping real estate in Singapore are now being taxed 18% on the front-end and as much as 16% on the back-end for a total slap in the face of 34%!

The third step Singapore s government took was to cap the amount of debt a borrower is allowed to take on compared to their income.

How effective were these measures? In 2014, new property sales were half of those registered in 2013. So unsurprisingly, residential prices fell 4% in 2014. Double-digit declines are forecast for 2015, and I see even more substantial declines as very likely.

Tough Times in Paradise

At the W Residences, one of the newest high-end developments in the country, fewer than half of the units have been sold. Most of the expatriate professionals living there now rent instead of owning a property.

Even worse hit has been Sentosa Cove that attracts ultra-wealthy Chinese, Malaysians and Indonesians. There, you have extravagant homes, including one designed like an Egyptian tomb. But now, few people are buying, and the ones that do choose to enter the market are largely leasing.

Sentosa had become the poster child for the extreme rising inequality in the country. Now it is suffering from the natural revolt that inevitably follows, especially in more affluent middle and upper-middle-class societies where the people have more power.

In short, serious fissures are now showing in Singapore s real estate market. Recently, an apartment that was bought in 2007 for seven million Singapore dollars was sold for four million Singapore dollars. That s a painful 43% loss. And it s only the beginning, as this domino begins to tumble.

There is also a massive load of commercial properties set to be completed in 2016, just in time for the global bust to manifest in full force. Commercial properties should be an absolute blood bath, especially as the China bubble continues to burst.

For years, my view has been that the real estate bubble globally (and nationally) is much more varied due to different supply and demand pressures around the world. The best cities are almost all in bubbles. Japan first, and then the US, then Ireland and then Spain have all led the popcorn popper of bursts around the world. Now, China and Singapore are starting to pop.

Singapore, in particular, is a disaster waiting to happen.

I see all major bubbles bursting in the next several years. The more cities that crack, the more it breaks this grand illusion that real estate never goes down, especially in the best places and on the high-end.

History shows that when the greatest bubbles burst, it is the best and priciest cities and developments that really go bust.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer Twitter, Inc's Biggest Threat Isn't Facebook If investors were to subscribe to some analysts' perceptions of Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), there's even more upside than the tweet-master has already enjoyed. With its stock price up over 30% year-to-date, Twitter shareholders have already enjoyed a stellar 2015, and we're not even three months into the New Year. What could possibly drive Twitter's stock price run-up given its anemic monthly average user (MAU) growth, and its 2-to-1 ratio of non-tweeters to active users?

Twitter pundits point to its recent deal with Google to make it more likely tweets will show up on the search king's results, implementing new user functionality, and strong year-over-year revenue growth as reasons for optimism. Perhaps, but even as Twitter continues to follow in the footsteps of Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) in terms of unveiling new ad tools, implementing video spots, and increased mobile usage, it's taken yet another step backward thanks to one of the other fastest growing social networking sites around.

Twitter, meet Instagram

Setting LinkedIn and its targeted, professional users aside, Twitter had long held the distinction of being the country's, and the world's, second-largest social media site. At last count, Twitter boasted 288 million MAUs, up an anemic 4 million users from the prior quarter. For many investors and analysts, Twitter's MAU troubles aren't a concern; the aforementioned user innovations are expected to help jump-start growth.

However, when Facebook-owned Instagram announced it had surpassed 300 million MAUs at the end of last year, much was made of it blowing by Twitter in terms of usage, and rightfully so. As Twitter inches up in popularity each quarter, Instagram went from 200 million MAUs to over 300 million in less than a year. And the news gets worse for Twitter fans.

Last year's staggering 60% jump in MAUs here in the States catapulted Instagram past Twitter in terms of U.S. MAUs: 64.2 million, compared to 48.4 million, respectively. And according to data from eMarketer, the gap between what is now the number two social media site in the U.S. (Instagram) and the new number three (Twitter) will continue to widen over the next several years.

By 2018, as per eMarketer's report, over a third of the U.S. will be active users of Instagram, while just 20.8% are expected to opt for Twitter. And there's a lot at stake for digital ad dollars in the U.S. As much as 30% of this year's projected $187 billion in advertising sales are expected to be of the digital ilk. Clearly, there's a lot of growth potential for those able to gain market share in the domestic digital ad space.

Challenges going forward

As it stands, Twitter is only looking up at Facebook and Google in terms of battling for advertising spend. But when Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and team are done with the testing and tweaking of spots on Instagram, Twitter will move even further down the U.S. digital advertising list of alternatives. Why? Instagram's stellar MAU growth is one reason, as well as its demographics.

It wasn't long ago folks were bemoaning Facebook's lack of teen MAU growth. That was misguided for several reasons, not the least of which is a lot of those "lost" teen MAUs were migrating to Facebook-owned Instagram, and marketers love their teens.

While the majority of Instagram users are expected to fall into the 25 to 34 year-old demographic going forward, by 2019 nearly 62% of U.S. kids aged 12 to 17 years old will be monthly users of the photo-sharing behemoth. Now, combine those attractive demographics with Facebook's unmatched data collection and utilization to target the right ad, to the right person, at the right time, and Instagram will immediately move near the top of the digital ad list of alternatives.

Twitter executives can pooh-pooh Instagram's impressive MAU growth as little more than smoke-and-mirrors -- as its co-founder Evan Williams did recently -- but it's becoming increasingly evident that, by comparison, Twitter's moving in the wrong direction. Proponents are quick to point out Twitter's growing revenues compared to Instagram's little to none, but that's going to change. Only Zuckerberg knows when, but the day Instagram becomes a viable digital advertising option for U.S. marketing departments, Twitter is going to feel the pain. 
2015-04-05
Can Mattel, Inc. Woo Shoppers This Holiday Season With "Smart" Barbie? Mattel (NASDAQ:MAT) is in a funk. The reeling toymaker is hoping that an interactive Barbie doll will be the ticket to a rebound this upcoming holiday season, showing off a prototype of Hello Barbie at the North American International Toy Fair in New York earlier this year.

We have seen chatty Barbie dolls before, but this is the first one that is actually interactive. Using voice recognition software and Wi-Fi connectivity, Barbie can carry on a reasonably fluid conversation.

Smartphone owners know all about Siri, Google Now, and Cortana. Even Amazon has joined the fray with the recent rollout of Amazon Echo. Why not put all of that technology together into an iconic doll line that could use a bit of a boost? That is Hello Barbie in a nutshell, polished with a dash of personality and kid-friendly filtering.

Put another shrimp on the Barbie

Hello Barbie should be available in time for the telltale holiday shopping season, and it will not be cheap. The number being tossed around in February was $75, a stiff price for a doll.

However, with software updates keeping the conversations current and the interface improving, it may not be a bad investment for fans or even former fans of Barbie. It will have to excel at marketing the doll or hope that enough young girls buy one, show off the nifty features to friends, and create a strong grassroots fervor for the interactive plaything.

In any case, Mattel has to do something. Barbie sales have been languishing, plunging 12% during the last holiday shopping season. That follows a 13% drop in 2013 and a 4% dip the year before that. Looking at it from an even uglier perspective, Barbie sales this past holiday season were 27% lower than they were three years earlier.

The market knew that 2014 would be rough for Mattel's flagship doll when the National Retail Federation's annual survey showed that Disney's (NYSE:DIS)Frozen franchise had replaced Barbie as the toy purchase of choice for parents of young girls. It was the first time in 11 years that Barbie was not on top as Anna and Elsa tag teamed their way to a victory over the fading plastic princess.

It has not helped that critics have only gotten louder in voicing their displeasure with Barbie's unrealistic curves in an age when body image and fat shaming have become delicate topics. After a decades-long reign, the public has had enough of Barbie.

An interactive doll is the right move, injecting personality and possibly reversing the narrative. The Barbie on display at the toy fair in February was bubbly and trivial, but if some Lean In-flavored girl power can be baked into the package, it could turn the biggest critics into its loudest cheerleaders.

Of course, Mattel can reverse the narrative here. The doll talks! 
2015-10-23
YouTube Subscriptions, Alphabet Inc., and the Rise of a $100 Billion Media Empire This has been a historic year for global tech giant Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

In a year when so much already looks different and fresh at one of the world's most powerful tech companies, Alphabet's coming launch of its long-touted YouTube subscription service threatens to upend the current media landscape.

As one might expect, this historic move has the analyst community buzzing, with at least one analyst arguing that YouTube alone deserves a valuation of a once-unthinkable $100 billion. So how did YouTube get here, and how justified are some of these eye-popping valuations? Let's take a look.

The rise of Alphabet's media giant

YouTube has had a remarkable ascent to one of the most powerful names in online media. Founded by three former PayPal Holdings employees, long before PayPal's recent spinoff, YouTube exploded in popularity, consistently ranking as the third most visited website in the world behind Google's homepage and Facebook.And given the size of its audience, YouTube's cultural importance is hard to overstate. It has enabled artists to create a fresh outlet for their work and helped fan the flames of revolution for better and worse.

It was this massive latent potential that led then-Google to acquire YouTube for what seemed like an astronomical $1.65 billion in late 2006, a sum former Google CEO and current Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt has since admitted included a whopping $1 billion premium. Since then, YouTube's popularity has exploded, while its business model remains in flux. The company remains effectively unprofitable, and a potential subscription option has long been discussed as a possible remedy to its economic issues.

Google first introduced a pilot subscription service for a small sampling of YouTube channels in 2013, charging users $0.99 per month to access premium content from a range of independent content creators and established brand names such as Sesame Street. And though the program was never widely adopted, the idea of a subscription monetization model obviously remained on YouTube execs' minds. Although an exact date has yet to emerge, reports say a launch is imminent.

According to The Wall Street Journal, YouTube has secured support from many of media's most important content creators, including Time Warner's Turner cable unit, 21st Century Fox's Fox Sports networks, and Comcast's NBCUniversal. The service will reportedly cost $10 a month and will include access to music, user-generated video, and branded third-party video, although the exact breakdown isn't immediately clear. Given its massive user base, even moderate adoption rates could turn YouTube's subscription service into a meaningful financial driver. However, even then, I'm not so sure the $100 billion valuation some analysts attribute to YouTube makes sense at the moment.

Is $100 billion too far-fetched for YouTube?

That valuation estimate comes from Atlantic Equities research analyst James Cordwell, who mentioned it in a note touching on the Alphabet reorganization. Cordwell correctly notes that YouTube's growth runway remains significant, with his valuation calling for 50% average annual revenue growth through its FY 2018. Producing an estimated $15 billion in revenue by 2018 might sound aggressive, but it's in keeping with recent YouTube growth rates, and adding more premium content as part of its subscription service rollout could well help support this growth for years to come.

If that happens, YouTube would have a price-to-sales ratio of roughly 5.5. For context, Alphabet as a whole currently trades at a 6.6 P/S ratio, so this claim isn't totally detached from reality. However, it says nothing about potential profits, which YouTube currently lacks.

So rather than projecting out my own margins for YouTube and comparing, I'll simply say that this $100 billion price tag for YouTube seems directionally accurate if slightly inflated, given what we know of the dominant online video platforms, its plans, and its current finances. What's important here, and what the $100 billion valuation touches on, is that YouTube is a uniquely valuable business because it has a product that people love. And as Internet penetration rises, mobile usage makes streaming videos anytime simpler -- and as YouTube brings more in-demand content onto its platform, its economic value will only increase.

With the increasingly sprawling nature of Alphabet and Google, it can be easy to lose sight of the potential value of more removed units such as YouTube. And especially given YouTube's coming subscription tier, Alphabet and tech investors should keep in mind how important, and valuable, a property YouTube is likely to become. It's About Time Alphabet, Inc. Started Giving Back to Shareholders One of the most important developments for investors within Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) first earnings release under its new holding company structure was the announcement that the company has authorized a share repurchase program for the first time ever. Alphabet's board has authorized a $5 billion repurchase program of its Class C stock that will kick off in the first quarter.

It's about time.

A wake up call

Alphabet underperformed the broader market in 2014, losing about 6% of its value while the Nasdaq Composite and S&P 500 posted double-digit gains. That was potentially a wake up call for investors that they might not be able to rely on Alphabet's capital appreciation forever, particularly as the hyper-growth days are in the rear view mirror.

As Alphabet's business and fundamentals matured, the calls for the stock to do so have only gained credibility. Cash flow remains healthy, the valuation is reasonable, and shareholders need something else they can fall back on. Implementing some type of capital return program has been exactly what investors have been expecting from new CFO Ruth Porat, and after hinting as much last quarter, she has now delivered.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) shareholders have dramatically benefited from the Mac maker's share repurchase activity in recent years. Apple was facing many of the same criticisms at the time: its business was maturing, it was accumulating too much cash, and Apple shares are notoriously volatile for a company of its size. Apple's program is so large that it has been extremely earnings accretive to investors.

Second-class citizens

The exact amount of the authorization is $5,099,019,513.59, which a mathematician will tell you is the square root of 26 times $1 billion. Alphabet is tipping its hat at its new corporate structure. Alphabet will be buying back Class C shares, those that trade under GOOG instead of the Class A shares that trade under GOOGL.

In a way, it's a tiny bit more shareholder-friendly that Alphabet is repurchasing Class C shares instead of Class A shares. Here's a quick recap of the company's triple class structure.

Share Class Voting Rights Per Share Shares Outstanding (MRQ) Class A 1 291.2 million Class B 10 51 million Class C 0 345.5 million

By repurchasing Class C shares, the repurchase program won't directly affect the distribution of voting power. Theoretically, if Alphabet were to repurchase Class A shares instead, it would only further concentrate voting power within Class B shares that are held by insiders.

But then again, this is all kind of a moot point anyway. As of December 2014, Larry Page, Sergey Brin, and Eric Schmidt held 92.5% of all Class B shares, giving the triumvirate an overwhelming 60% of all voting power. Public investors still have little hope in having much say in how the company is run.

Plenty of domestic cash on hand

Alphabet finished the quarter with about $73 billion in cash, of which $42 billion is held abroad. That leaves roughly $31 billion stateside that Alphabet can use for share repurchases.

While Apple has been issuing debt to help fund its share repurchases, Alphabet won't need to. Apple's program is so large, and so much of its cash is held abroad, that it has little choice. On the other hand, $5 billion is a modest total compared to Alphabet's domestic reserves, and its domestic cash flow should be more than sufficient to cover the bill (domestic cash has increased by over $10 billion over the past year).

Overall, this is very welcome news for shareholders. Better late than never. Google's $5099019513.59 Bet  Alphabet, Microsoft, Amazon give Wall Street reason to cheer Google parent Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) made headway in the latest quarter in the areas that will be their main engines of growth for years to come, driving up shares across the tech sector on Friday.

Shares of all three surged in early trading, adding more than $120 billion to their combined market value - more than the gross domestic product of Morocco.

For Alphabet, search traffic on mobiles surpassed desktop traffic worldwide for the first time, while Amazon was able to boost margins, an area of concern, as its cloud business boomed.

Microsoft's growing emphasis on cloud computing under Chief Executive Satya Nadella also put the company on track successfully transition away from its slowing business that relies on sales of personal computers.

Alphabet's shares jumped 10.5 percent to a record high of $752.50 in early trading, adding about $50 billion to its market value. This gave Alphabet a market cap of about $522.5 billion, cementing its position as the second-most valuable stock after Apple Inc (AAPL.O), which is worth about $660 billion.

Microsoft's shares jumped 11.6 percent to $53.61 - their highest in 15 years - while Amazon surged as much as 10 percent to $619.45, also a record high. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index .IXIC was up about 1.8 percent.

"I think what you're seeing is these companies finally able to address the primary challenges that have been facing the businesses," said James Cakmak, an analyst at brokerage Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co in New York.

"For Amazon it's margin, for Alphabet it's mobile, for Microsoft it's the cloud or diversifying away from its legacy businesses."

The better-than-expected results are a bright spot for the market following a period of intense volatility over worries about China and the timing of a U.S. interest rate hike.

Before the start of the third-quarter reporting season, corporate earnings had been expected to fall by 4.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data.

The three companies' results show that a key part of the U.S. economy continues to function well even as the global economy slows, said Adam Sarhan, chief executive of investment advisory firm Sarhan Capital in New York.

"The technology sector, specifically the Internet sector, remains bright," he said.

IN THE CLOUD

Cloud computing remains the priority for Alphabet, Amazon and Microsoft as large enterprises shift to Internet-based services to host and manage their data.

"I think the combination of Amazon, Microsoft and Google, as the technology leaders of the world, each showing accelerating growth in their Internet-related businesses, represents a very powerful statement," said Frederick Moran, an analyst at brokerage Burke and Quick Partners in Uniondale, New York.

For Amazon, cloud computing is its fastest growing business and the company said on Thursday it was investing in new services such as Internet of Things to capitalize on rising demand to store and manage large amounts of data.

While selling cloud storage space to enterprises remains a miniscule part of Alphabet's revenue, Google CEO Sundar Pichai said on Thursday that it was a growing priority.

"Every businesses in the world is going to run on cloud eventually. So, we view it as an amazing opportunity," he said.

At least 30 of 50 analysts covering Alphabet raised their price targets - Bernstein to $950.

At least 11 of 34 Microsoft analysts raised theirs. BofA Merrill Lynch was the most bullish with a target of $63.

Of 42 analysts covering Amazon, at least 20 raised their targets. Piper Jaffray and JP Morgan were the most bullish with price targets of $800.

(Reporting by Sweta Singh, Abhirup Roy, Anya George Tharaka and Tenzin Pema in Bengaluru; Writing by Sayantani Ghosh; Editing by Ted Kerr) Google (GOOGL) Beats Earnings: Higher Price Targets In View Google (GOOGL) Beats Earnings: Higher Price Targets In View

Alphabet, Inc. (GOOGL), formerly known as Google, Inc., crushed earnings last night and the stock surged. Alphabet s big earnings beat also signaled another wave higher in its stock price.

Back in September, I wrote:  Is Google Setting Up For One More Thrust Higher? . In that post, I highlighted the current wave formation and chart pattern, making a case for a wave 5 higher. Here s a couple excerpts:

The next chart is a  potential  elliott wave count showing one more new high to be made by GOOGL in the coming weeks/months  Here s the daily Google stock chart showing the very powerful gap up filled and the  key  buy level of 607-612. It also shows how if GOOGL declines through 585 on a CLOSING basis then we ll have to ctrl-alt-del this potential elliott wave / price pattern and take another look at it.

Well, the pattern held true to form, and my Alphabet / Google stock price target of 818 is still in play. The post-earnings surge higher seems to confirm a 5th wave higher. Nice reward for patient traders. Enjoy the ride and trade safe.

Alphabet, Inc. (GOOGL) Stock Chart

Sign up for our FREE newsletter and receive our best trading ideas and research

Thanks for reading.

Twitter: @BartsCharts

Author does not have a position in mentioned securities at the time of publication. Any opinions expressed herein are solely those of the author, and do not in any way represent the views or opinions of any other person or entity. Should Facebook Inc. and Google Be Worried About This Ad Push? Faced with a difficult digital ad market that's becoming increasingly dominated by Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google, some bigger publishing companies are making moves they hope will start to even the playing field for content providers.

Their plan, at its simplest, is to try to be a little more like Facebook and Google. Companies like News Corp. (NASDAQ:NWS), whose publications include America's biggest newspaper in The Wall Street Journal and the U.K.'s biggest paper in The Sun, are beginning to work with third-party agencies to make the data they've been collecting from their readers available to advertisers.

This would allow advertisers to target their ads at specific user groups. Granted, these probably won't be as specific as Facebook or Google can offer, since those platforms collect vast amounts of data on a vast amount of users. (Each platform can boast well more than 1 billion users. After all, people have come to rely on those two services as near utilities in everyday life.)

But by offering up the data they do have, these publications would be far better off in their ability to deliver more relevant ads to the right readers. It also could mark the beginning of a significant change in thinking at legacy media operations.

A needed change

The type of standard display advertising used in print editions of newspapers and magazines never proved very effective online. Making matters worse for those publishers, Google and Facebook have helped to make it continually more ineffective over time, at least in comparison to the approaches to digital advertising those two companies have spearheaded. As the social network and search giant collect an increasingly massive trove of data on their users and figure out more effective ways to use it to deliver the right ads to the right users, standard display ads look more archaic with each passing year.

This has left publishers in an unfortunate predicament: They bear the costs of providing the news and other content that scatters across the Web, comes up in searches, and gets shared across news feeds. But the companies that facilitate the access have been snatching away an increasing amount of the advertising that had been funding the news gathering and content creation.

Indeed, in 2014, Google and Facebook -- just two companies -- combined to control more than half of the $50 billion digital ad market.

The publishers also must contend with shrinking ad revenue from their legacy publications. While digital ads made up about 28% of the total $175 billion spent on media advertising last year, that share is expected to rise to 37% of the total by 2017. Ads in print publications, meanwhile, will continue losing share. In 2012, print ads still made up more than 20% of all media advertising. By 2018, that's expected to be down to 14%.

What does the future hold?

This has left a large majority of publishers falling continually further behind the leaders in this game. A recent report by Signal showed that some 80% of publishers today believe that they cannot compete with Facebook and Google for digital advertising without significant change to the technology that's available to them.

Views about how this market will shake out over time vary. It remains possible that the digital ad market will become increasingly more fragmented as publishers and third-party ad agencies develop better ways to reach Web -- and particularly mobile Web -- users.

Edward Menicheschi, president at publishing giant Conde Nast, recently spoke with Digiday about the company's plans to more aggressively pursue ad targeting, and he remains optimistic.

"There are certain advantages that legacy media companies have especially because of our subscriber files, tens and tens of millions of them," Menicheschi told Digiday. "We're in their homes; we know them."

The publishers face an uphill battle, to say the least. Convincing advertisers that they know their audiences as well as digital ad behemoths like Facebook and Google won't be easy. But if they can deliver good ad performance, they may be able to start clawing back more of the advertising dollars that had been steadily drifting away to search and social media.

Remain skeptical

The research firm eMarketer, however, sees Facebook and Google maintaining their combined share of the market as it swells by more than 60% to more than $80 billion over the coming three years.

And a recent report from Goldman Sachs paints an ominous picture for publishers, or really any company banking on digital advertising that is not Facebook or Alphabet. Their analysts foresee major consolidation in the coming years.

These large publishers' experiments with ad targeting could give us an early look at whether we can expect a shift to a more hospitable ad environment for the legacy media. But like the advertisers who sign on, we should remain skeptical until we see proof that it's working. Mobile Search: A Crucial Segment for Alphabet's Google in 3Q15 Google Reports Strong Q3 Results under Its New Parent, Alphabet PART 2 OF 2

Mobile Search: A Crucial Segment for Alphabet s Google in 3Q15

Mobile devices: A key contributor to Google s operating margins under Alphabet

We discussed Alphabet s (GOOG) strong performance in the third quarter of 2015 in the first part of this series. Alphabet is Google s new parent company. The search engine giant attributed its strong numbers for both earnings per share and revenue to Google s growing presence in the mobile search space.

Ruth Porat, the newly appointed CFO of Alphabet, commented during the 3Q15 earnings conference call,  Our Q3 results show the strength of Google s business, particularly in mobile search. With six products now having more than 1 billion users globally, we re excited about the opportunities ahead of Google, and across Alphabet. 

YouTube and Programmatic Advertising made substantial contributions to Alphabet s mobile search revenue in 3Q15. Google s six products include its Android mobile operating system, Google search, YouTube, Google Maps, Google Play, and Google Chrome. Android dominates the global smartphone operating system market, with a share of 81.1% compared to Apple s (AAPL) iOS share of 15.2%, as the graph below shows.

Interested in AAPL? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on AAPL Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

Forrester Research, an independent technology and market research company, carried out a survey of 2,000 US smartphone users over three months leading up to December 2014. It found that Facebook (FB) and Google dominate the time that users spend on mobile apps, as the graph above shows.

The popularity of these two companies  apps is due primarily to Facebook Messenger, Instagram, and Google s video-sharing site, YouTube. Other popular apps include Amazon.com (AMZN) and Twitter.

Facebook and Twitter are part of the Vanguard Information Technology ETF (VGT). They account for 4.0% and 0.3% of the fund, respectively. Are Analysts Being Too Brave in the $1000 Amazon and Alphabet Stock Race? Friday s movers in technology have been more than moderately impressive. The earnings report from Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL) have sent these shares to new highs. With Alphabet, the one most of us still call Google, trading at $729 or so and with Amazon above $600, we cannot help but at least wonder if analysts are ratcheting their price targets up too much.

The reality is that these are great companies and they are continuing to change the world. Amazon s market cap just grew by over $17 billion and Alphabet s grew by $34 billion   for two earnings reports adding a combined $51 billion in market cap overnight. These stocks are definitely in their sweet spot right now at new highs, but what happens if the market volatility comes back into play?

Since 24/7 Wall St. has already covered the Alphabet earnings report and the Amazon earnings report in detail, we are going to skip how well those reports looked. It is still worth pointing out that the forward valuations for next year value Alphabet at about 22 times 2016 earnings and puts Amazon at about 125 times 2016 earnings.

Here is how much the price targets have gone up at brokerage firms, and these are far from the only analyst valuation bumps because there were so many.

Alphabet literally scored what was more than 20 analyst price target hikes and/or upgrades. Here are 11 such hike or upgrades:

Bernstein (Outperform) raised its price target to $950 from $800

BMO (Outperform) raised to $825 from $770.

Citigroup (Buy) raised to $820 from $781.

Canaccord Genuity (Buy) raised to $850 from $750.

Cowen (Outperform) raised to $880 from $840.

Credit Suisse (Outperform) raised to $850 from $815.

Deutsche Bank (Buy) raised to $900 from $840.

Jefferies (Buy) raised to $900 from $800.

JPMorgan (Overweight) raised to $900 from $800.

RBC Capital Markets (Outperform) raised to $880 from $750.

Stifel (Buy) raised to $900 from $850.

ALSO READ: 4 Merrill Lynch Buy-Rated Stocks With Yields Above 7%

Amazon.com has seen roughly 20 analyst calls, and here are 10 of the price target hikes seen from the more recognized firms:

Citigroup (Buy) raised its price target to $700 from $650.

Cowen (Outperform) raised to $770 from $700.

Credit Suisse (Outperform) raised to $777 from $720.

Deutsche Bank (Buy) raised to $725 from $665.

Jefferies (Buy) raised to $775 from $730.

JPMorgan (Overweight) raised to $800 from $710.

Morgan Stanley (Overweight) raised to $750 from $740.

Raymond James (Buy/Strong Buy) raised to $745 from $640.

RBC Capital Markets (Outperform) raised to $775 from $705.

UBS (Buy) raised to $700 from $650.

Alphabet shares were last seen up 7.5% at $732.70, against a new 52-week range of $490.91 to $752.50. Its new market cap is roughly $503 billion.

Amazon shares were last seen up 7% at $603.00, within a new 52-week range of $284.00 to $619.94. Its market cap is now $282 billion.

ALSO READ: 6 Big Companies That Have Raised Their Dividends, Some Very Unexpectedly 
2015-11-13
For Alphabet Stock, Google's Artificial Intelligence Is the Future The tech world has been abuzz this week with news that Google open-sourced its artificial intelligence (AI) engine called TensorFlow. This news   despite the fact that there s no immediate impact on shares of Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG) stock   is notable on both logical fronts: the trend toward open-source and the trend toward AI.

Regarding the former, Popular Science summed up the strategy s track record:

 Google laid the groundwork to dominate the mobile market by releasing Android, an open  source operating system for phones. Eight years later to the month, Android has an an 80 percent market share, and Google is using the same trick this time with artificial intelligence. 

That segues nicely into the latter. Google is focusing heavily on artificial intelligence these days   but not with the goal of dominating the market itself. Instead, it s using the technology to further dominate markets it already, more or less, controls.

Bloomberg noted as much in coverage of the company s most recent earnings report, writing:

 When Google-parent Alphabet Inc. reported eye-popping earnings last week its executives couldn t stop talking up the company s investments in machine learning and artificial intelligence. For any other company that would be a wonky distraction from its core business. At Google, the two are intertwined. 

What Is Google Doing With AI?

The company s machine learning and artificial intelligence technology is being used to improve it search engine   the core Google offering   but also to offer features such as automatic email reply for Gmail and automatic identification within Google Photos   and, of course, to work on big-time breakthroughs (e.g., self-driving cars).

This breadth of applications is precisely why Google will continue to be a leader in the artificial intelligence space. While countless Silicon Valley companies are working on machine learning, the technology to digest, break down and then use data for future decisions (in a super-simplified nutshell) is often built separate from specific and profitable applications.

In the world of Google, the tools, the products they re applied to and the business model behind each are largely intertwined and established. As such, the company s lead in artificial intelligence makes its competitive moat even wider.

Bottom Line on Artificial Intelligence and Alphabet Stock

This takes the bull case for Alphabet stock and adds some appealing long-term potential. Shares of GOOGL have already gained 40% so far this year, and have gained a delicious 144% over the last five years.

That run is largely thanks to this forward-looking focus and ongoing innovation. But, it s always nice to be assured that the company isn t resting on its laurels, especially considering the rapid pace of the tech world.

Machine learning   which Facebook (FB) and other tech stalwarts are also investing heavily in   will undoubtedly play a large role in the future of the technology industry. The fact that Google is staking out its place at the top of the AI class is promising, to say the least.

Hilary Kramer is the editor of GameChangers, Breakout Stocks Under $10, High Octane Trader, Absolute Capital Return and Value Authority. She is an accomplished investment specialist and market strategist with more than 25 years of experience in portfolio management, equity research, trading, and risk management. She has extensive expertise in global financial management, asset allocation, investment banking and private equity ventures, and is regularly sought after to provide her analysis on Bloomberg, CNBC, Fox Business Network and other media.

More From InvestorPlace Tracking Mohnish Pabrai's Portfolio - Q3 2015 Update  
2015-06-04
Google Share Gap Hitting New Highs  Yelp Inc (YELP) Versus Google Inc (GOOGL) Plus Review Growth: Piper Jaffray Gene Munster, managing director and senior research analyst at Piper Jaffray, weighed in today with a research report on Yelp Inc (NYSE:YELP) and Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). The analyst measured Yelp and Google Plus review growth of 500 places in 20 major cities in the U.S. on a monthly basis. The goal is to measure the consumer review trends between Yelp and Google Plus.

Munster noted,  Thus far in the June quarter, the total number of Yelp reviews grew 3.9% from end of March 2015 to today, which is slightly below Google Plus review growth at 6.0%. Although review growth in Yelp is slower, we note that the 500 places on Yelp contain 5.3x more reviews vs. Google (87,971 on Yelp vs. 16,498 on Google Plus). Yelp s review dominance remains, in our view. 

The analyst continued,  In our update of tracking of the number of reviews on Yelp compared with Google Plus, our data shows that Google Plus is growing reviews quarter over quarter by 6% vs. Yelp at about 4%. This compares to our March 2015 survey, which showed Google Plus growing at 4.7% and Yelp at 5.7%. While mathematically Google Plus is gaining on Yelp, we note the pace of growth (6% vs. 4%) is similar and the review landscape remains unchanged with Yelp still dominate. If Google Plus review growth were to accelerate with Yelp review growth unchanged over a 6-12 month period we would be more cautious on Yelp s fundamentals. At this time, we see no reason for concern. 

In his report, the analyst reiterated a Neutral rating on Yelp Inc. with a price target of $46, which represents a slight downside potential from current levels.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Gene Munster has a total average return of 27.0% and a 70.7% success rate. Munster has a -9.5% average return when recommending YELP, and is ranked #1 out of 3610 analysts. Exclusive: CACI, Booz Allen, Leidos eye CSC's government unit - sources CACI International Inc, Booz Allen Hamilton Holdings and Leidos Holdings Inc have held exploratory discussions to acquire Computer Sciences Corp's public sector division, people familiar with the matter said on Thursday.

The discussions took place after CSC, a technology consulting services provider, said on May 19 it would split into two public companies   one to serve commercial and non-government clients globally and one to serve public sector clients in the United States.

Discussions with the interested parties are in their early stages and may not result in a transaction, said the people, who requested anonymity because the matter is confidential.

Representatives for CSC and Booz Allen declined to comment. CACI and Leidos did not respond to requests for comment.

CSC's North American public sector division offers IT and operations-related services to the U.S. Department of Defense and civil agencies of the federal government, as well as foreign, state and local government agencies. CSC estimated it would have revenues $4.1 billion for its 2015 fiscal year.

CSC's U.S. public sector business is seen as attractive to potential buyers because of the high barriers to entry for competitors.

The separation from the remaining division, global commercial, is anticipated by October. The second business, which provides information technology services and solutions partner for Fortune 1,000 companies and non-U.S. government clients, was expected to have $8.1 billion in revenue for 2015.

The breakup of CSC, which has a market capitalization of close to $9.6 billion, follows multiple attempts by the Falls Church, Virginia-based company to sell it self over several years.

Prior to its announcement of the break-up, CSC drew buyout interest from French consulting company Cap Gemini SA, computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co and Canadian consulting firm CGI Group Inc, as well as private equity firms, Reuters previously reported.

(Additional reporting by Nadia Damouni in New York; Editing by Tom Brown) Deal between T-Mobile and Dish could spell trouble for Sprint People pass by a T-Mobile store in the Brooklyn borough of New York June 4, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid

NEW YORK A merger of T-Mobile US Inc TMUS.N and satellite TV company Dish Network Corp (DISH.O) could force Sprint Corp (S.N) to pursue a deal or partnership itself.

T-Mobile and Dish are in early-stage merger talks, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.

Dish's trove of wireless airwaves, or spectrum, would turn No. 4 U.S. wireless company T-Mobile into a much stronger competitor to Sprint, the current No. 3. It also comes as bigger rivals AT&T and Verizon have been investing in strengthening their networks and looking to extract revenue from online video content in addition to wireless services.

"If Dish buys T-Mobile they'll become a lot stronger, their spectrum portfolio will double and they will have a real competitive edge against the rest of the industry," New Street Research analyst Spencer Kurn said.

Sprint is in the midst of a turnaround plan to stanch subscriber losses and improve its balance sheet. The company, which is sitting on excess spectrum of its own, has been burning cash to sign up subscribers and upgrade its wireless network.

It "is running out of good options," Craig Moffett, an analyst with MoffettNathanson said.

Kurn and Moffett agreed on one route: Sprint itself could bid for T-Mobile.

Sprint abandoned just such a deal last year due to regulatory concerns. The question is whether it could find a way to try again, ideally waiting until after the 2016 U.S. presidential election, assuming a more business-friendly Republican president wins the White House.

Japan's cash-rich SoftBank Corp (9984.T), which owns an 80 percent stake in Sprint, acquired the company with the hope of merging it with T-Mobile.

"If T-Mobile is acquired before they get that chance, Sprint's in a world of hurt," Moffett said.

SPRINT'S OPTIONS

Besides trying its luck again with a T-Mobile bid, heavily indebted Sprint could sell off its own spectrum assets.

With viewing habits shifting from television to online devices, the pay-TV and wireless industries are converging, and Sprint could also potentially partner with a cable company looking to enter the wireless market, analysts said.

Sprint representatives could not be immediately reached for comment.

A $48.5 billion merger of AT&T with Dish's biggest rival DirecTV DTV.O is expected to receive approval with some conditions in coming weeks. Charter Communications Inc (CHTR.O) is seeking to remake the U.S. cable television industry by acquiring No. 2 cable company Time Warner Cable Inc TWC.N for $56 billion, after regulators rejected the bid by their biggest rival Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O).

"Sprint is going to need to do something following the recent M&A wave we've seen just over the last 12 months," S&P Capital IQ analyst Angelo Zino said.

By hooking up, cable or satellite TV providers and wireless companies can pool resources and spectrum to scale up and also capture growth in the online video market.

Comcast could be a potential suitor for Sprint from the cable industry, but it may not have the appetite. Regulatory opposition led Comcast to drop a plan to buy Time Warner Cable, and it may not be ready for another fight yet, analysts said.

Another possibility may be to try to push T-Mobile aside and hook up with Dish. In 2013, Dish made a bid for Sprint, although it dropped out and SoftBank took a controlling stake.

The chance for a merger with Sprint could still be on Dish Chief Executive Charlie Ergen's mind, New Street's Kurn said.

"Ergen is a man who keeps his options open."

(Reporting by Malathi Nayak; additional reporting by Greg Roumeliotis; Editing by Richard Chang) 
2015-05-05
AVT Inc (OTCMKTS:AVTC) Files For Court Protection AVT Inc (OTCMKTS:AVTC) a manufacturer of automated retailing offerings and custom vending machines, disclosed that it started a voluntary filing for court protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. It expects the court to authorize the management and the company to perform business as usual. The company intends to work on a reorganization plan.

The management view

The management said that AVT core vending and automated retail segment is performing well and that the bankruptcy filing is linked to past initiatives of business diversification into unrelated segments. AVT management is confident that the filing will enable the company to continue operations. Also, it will emerge as a better and strong firm on a solid platform to attain success.

The momentum

Wayne Salvino, the President said that AVT has fundamentally sound and strong business, and that the voluntarily filing does not indicate that AVT is closing its business. The management considers the rehabilitative process as an effective way to protect the company and get a path to success. The management remains committed to develop proprietary and patentable technologies, and intends to continue to function as a pioneering leader in the vast automated retailing industry. AVT said that it will provide additional details as they become available.

The profile

AVT is a firm that provided technology-based customized self-service applications. From custom vending systems and kiosks, to impressive automated product range, its patented and proprietary technologies reflect an impressive portfolio of services and products. AVT won several awards for developing creative vending designs. It is termed as one of the main innovator firms in the automated retailing and vending segment.

In last trading session, the stock price of AVT declined more than 63% to close the trading session at $0.250. The decline came on a share volume of 1.37 million compared to average share volume of 29,603. 
2015-08-14
What Are The Tax Implications For Google's Alphabet? Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) is getting a lot of buzz for its new Alphabet holding company, but many questions remain.

One of the most important surrounds the tax benefits (or consequences) that could follow the company's transition.

"Assuming that all they're doing is putting themselves in a new holding company, that's not a complicated transaction," Lee Sheppard, contributing editor of Tax Analysts' Tax Notes, told Benzinga. "And it's meaningless for tax. We call it a recapitalization. It doesn't look like the shareholders are being asked to vote here."

Sheppard said that if this was an inversion (like the Coke merger announced last week), shareholders would have to approve the deal.

"If this was an inversion, Google would be screaming it from the house tops and there would be congressmen and everyone on the front page getting their undies in a bunch," said Sheppard.

Related Link: This Startup Wants To Be Google Analytics For The Physical World

No Impact Whatsoever?

Dan Lundenberg, a partner at Grant Thornton and leader of its US corporate tax group, told Benzinga that there may not be any tax adjustments.

"When we think about companies that announce something like what Google did, we think about the impact on the company and on its shareholders," said Lundenberg. "From what I've seen, there's not going to really be any impact on either."

Lundenberg said that it looks like Google shareholders are going to have an exchange of shares for Alphabet shares, but that's not a taxable transaction.

"You're still going to own something -- a share of a US corporation," he said. "The market is looking to value it differently, but there's going to be no tax consequence, it looks like, on the implementation of that change. From Google's perspective, it's still going to be in the same relative position that it was yesterday or the day before. It's still going to be a US parent company sitting on top of a lot of companies underneath it."

Competitive Complaints

Lundenberg also spoke about how Google and other US multinational companies engage in tax planning to lower or avoid the tax rate.

"There's been lots of discussion in Washington about tax reform because US companies complain that they're at a disadvantage with the tax system they work under," said Lundenberg. "US companies complain that when they're in competition with European or Canadian companies, they're dealing with countries that have lower rates and a much friendlier tax regime."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Latest Ratings for GOOG Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Pacific Crest Reinstates Overweight Jul 2016 JP Morgan Maintains Overweight Apr 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for GOOG

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Alphabet Dan LundenbergAnalyst Color Previews Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Google's Alphabet: Where's the brand vision? This week, Google grew up.

Taking many in the business world by surprise, the tech giant restructured itself under a new holding company, Alphabet. The shake-up means many of the  moonshot  projects Google picked up over the years have been spun off into separate and independent companies, while Google retains the most profitable side: search and advertising.

To many, Alphabet will make a lot of sense. Google had started to seem like a mega-conglomerate that was too powerful for its own good and this will help change that.

But there is a problem. Google is an exciting and innovative brand. The company has spawned belief statements learned by heart by brand strategists and copied by businesses across the world. Its motto,  Don t be evil,  is probably one of the world s most recognized. But the language around the Alphabet launch struck a different chord. Cofounder Larry Page s statement about being  cleaner, more accountable and more management scale  makes Google sound more like a financial services firm than the innovative tech company we know and love.

Similarly, his statement about strong leadership is more corporate than necessary. He said,  Our model is to have a strong CEO who runs each business, with Sergey and me in service to them as needed. We will rigorously handle capital allocation and work to make sure each business is executing well.  This may be sensible stuff, but brand strategists certainly won t want to memorize it.

Finally, Google s vision, or the way it sees its position in the world, has always been core to its brand, but what is the vision for Alphabet, and what does the new company actually stand for? What we ve heard so far has given little away other than that it  wants to make the world a better place,  which is cursory and vague. Who doesn t want to make the world a better place?

The announcement was welcomed by Wall Street analysts and increased Google s market cap by $20 billion overnight, but how will Google s employees, some of the brightest, most creative people in the world, react to this new, corporate focus? After all, these are the same software engineers who are encouraged to design their own desks and express themselves by scribbling on walls. People work for Google because it s exciting, but the messaging we ve heard this week has been anything but.

Although the Alphabet announcement plays well to the markets, I m concerned that the move indicates a shift from innovation and creativity to the bottom line.

So, while Alphabet is a great name and could be a brilliant way of bringing order to Google s complexity, the language surrounding the announcement also hints at new limitations, the sort of convention that restricts less original companies.

Alphabet must still include the spirit of Google s brand values within the new company and concede less to the financial markets if it is to succeed. I, for one, hope it does.

Peter Knapp is Global Creative Officer at brand consulting and design firm Landor. Why Google's Recent Alphabet Announcement Is Pure Genius By now you have surely heard that Google has formed a parent company called Alphabet that will act as the mothership for all of the various ventures that Google is involved in including Calico (their longevity program), Google (search, advertising, etc), Google X (their labs division), and others. There have been many great article already written about what this means and why the company is doing it. Reasons have ranged from tax benefits and budget planning to legal reasons and innovation priorities.

You might recall that a few months ago I wrote an article here called "The 14 Principles Of The Future Organization," one of those principles was "operates like a smaller company." In fact, in my book on The Future of Work I make the argument that many organizations are already too big. These large organizations have survived simply because of their massive resources but this will change. The larger an organization becomes the more sluggish it becomes and agility and adaptability seem farther out of reach. Gary Hamel has actually been talking about this for many years now.

In the latest episode of the #futurein5 I share why I think this recent move by Google is going to help them with innovation, agility, and adaptability in the future of work. I'd love to hear your thoughts, comments, and ideas on this as well. You can also subscribe to get more of these videos.

Jacob Morgan is a keynote speaker, author (most recently of The Future of Work), and futurist. To have Jacob speak at your event, to get access to his videos, podcasts and articles, or to subscribe to his newsletter you can visit TheFutureOrganization.

Also on Forbes: Google teams up with Dell to create a Chromebook for business users SAN FRANCISCO   Google s latest Chromebook laptop will be specially designed for corporate customers in an effort to get more workers off machines powered by Microsoft s dominant Windows software.

The Chromebook unveiled Thursday will be made by Dell and will go on sale Sept. 17. Prices will range from $400 to $900, a step up from a line of bare-bones Chromebooks that have been selling for as low as $150 since Google teamed up with Hisense and Haier to make those devices.

The cheap Chromebooks have helped make the laptops popular in classrooms, but they haven t made many inroads in offices.

READ MORE: Intel, PC makers broaden support for Chromebooks

Google Inc. is trying to win over corporate customers with the Dell Chromebook 13, which offers more flexibility to run a variety of apps that haven t been easily accessible on previous Chromebooks. The laptops also offer more controls for corporate administrators to limit access and set rules for how workers can use them.

Various PC manufacturers have been working with Google to design lightweight laptops running on the Chrome operating system since 2011. The new machine from Dell joins Google s line-up of other high-end, business-focused devices that include the Asus Chromebook Flip and Chromebook Pixel.

The Chromebooks will remain a part of Google later this year after the company splinters under an umbrella organization called Alphabet Inc. that will oversee a hodgepodge of businesses and experimental projects delving into medical research, city management, drone delivery and driverless cars. Will Alphabet hurt Google's innovation branch? All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website.

Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data.

ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc.

Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html.

S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.

Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions 
2015-01-15
4 Internet of Things Stocks Growing Faster Than Sierra Wireless Inc. This article was updated on March 16, 2016.

Internet of Things (IoT) darling Sierra Wireless (NASDAQ:SWIR) was on a tear in 2014. Its stock price shot up about 80%, making it one of the best-performing IoT stocks of 2014. But 2015 proved to be a very rough year for the company, with its stock price falling 67% for the full-year.

Sierra is a unique Internet of Things (IoT) pure play, but there are other tech companies that are making big bets on the IoT (while staying diversified in other businesses) and brining in much better gains. Let's take a quick look at four of them:

Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL): Up 30% over the past 12 months

Alphabet's Google is clearly not an Internet of Things pure play, but it's still making very big strides in the space.

The company's self-driving cars are probably once of Google's most forward-facing IoT ambitions. Google is already a clear leader in the driverless space and has invested nearly $60 million in the technology already.

Additionally, the company has also released its own open-source IoT platform, called Brillo. The system is similar to having Android on smartphones, except Brillo allows developers to add the software to IoT devices so that they easily communicate with one another.

But Alphabet is also exploring even bigger IoT ideas like nanoparticles than can search out cancer in a person's blood stream. The company hopes to use the nanoparticles to report back to a wrist-worn device and send data about what they've found in a user's body.

In its Q4 2015 earnings report, the company saw revenue increase 18% year-over-year, to $23.1 billion.

Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN): Up 52% over the past 12 months

Don't think Amazon is an IoT stock? Think again. Last year, the company showed off its Dash Replenishment Service (DSR) that allows device makers to load software into appliances so they can automatically order products from Amazon when needed. For example, some of Whirlpool's new washing machines can detect when they're out of detergent and will order more automatically.

The company also made another stride into IoT late last year when it launched its Amazon Web Services (AWS) IoT platform. Lots of companies already rely on AWS for their websites, but the IoT portion will help companies store the data that small IoT devices send to the cloud to be analyzed. AWS IoT should make device-to-device communication easier through accessible and secure data, while giving device makers a reliable way to store IoT data.

But that's not all Amazon's doing. The company continues to make the smart home more of a priority. It's voice-activated Echo device launched last year, and has since expanded both its capabilities and the amount of devices that it can connect to.

The company's Alexa virtual assistant can be used through the Echo to call an Uber vehicle, order pizza, check the weather, adjust your home's temperature and a host of other commands. With Echo, and the newly release Echo Dot and Echo Tap, Amazon is now the clear leader in the smart-home space.

Amazon's net sales increased by 22% in Q4 2015, to $35.7 billion. Of course, the company isn't earning most of its revenue from the IoT. But it's still making very bold moves into the space, and it appears to be paying off so far.

NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA): Up 40% over the past 12 months

NVIDA has moved quickly into the semi-autonomous and and autonomous car space over the past few years with great results. The company's Tegra K1 and new Tegra X1 helped power some of best autonomous car research, like the Audi A7 concept that drove itself from San Francisco to Las Vegas last year, as well as some of Google's autonomous cars.

NVIDIA also has its own autonomous driving platform, called Drive PX 2, which the company calls the "world's first in-car artificial intelligence supercomputer." Drive PX 2 can process 24 trillion deep learning operations every second, and helps self-driving cars have their own situational awareness. Already more than 50 carmakers are using NVIDIA's autonomous driving platform.

But the company isn't just looking to autonomous cars to drive its IoT growth. NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang said last year that, "We see a future of autonomous cars, robots, and drones that see and learn, with seeming intelligence that is hard to imagine." In its fiscal Q4 2016, NVIDIA posted record revenue of $1.4 billion, up 12% year-over-year. And the company reported full-year revenue of $5 billion, an increased of 7% year-over-year. While the company certainly has its hands in more than just the Internet of Things, its IoT ambitions will help drive further growth.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL): Down 18% over the past 12 months

Sure, Apple's stock is down right now, but it doesn't come anywhere near Sierra's 60% fall over the past 12 months

Despite Apple's fall, the company's recent dominance in the wearable tech space has pushed the company firmly into the Internet of Things space. Apple took the No. 2 spot for overall wearable tech shipments in 2015, just nine months after it debuted its Apple Watch.

In the smartwatch market, which is a subset of the IoT, Apple took two-thirds of all the smartwatch sales in 2015 -- and it's expected to keep more than half of smartwatch market share until about 2019. While consumers may still be a bit skeptical about smartwatches, it's clear Apple's already making its mark in the space and will likely continue its dominance for the foreseeable future.

In Q1 2016, Apple reported revenue of $75.9 billion. While Apple is just getting started in IoT, the company's resources and current dominance in the smartwatch space have solidified its leadership position in the Internet of Things. 5 Ways to Play the Oil Price Plunge By Andrew Topf of Oilprice.com

The collapse of the oil price has created losers and winners, and like every major movement in a commodity sector, the trick for investors is figuring out which side of the trade to be on. The most obvious victim of the slide in Brent and WTI prices over the last 6 months has been the major oil producers. Holders of these equities have seen price slides up to 33 percent. The question for oil company investors now is how to determine which of these companies are prepared to weather a sustained period of oil prices around $50 a barrel, or worse. Inevitably, those companies with high debt levels combined with high operating costs will be the first to get washed away. In contrast, low-leveraged companies with attractive cost structures are likely to survive. These companies will gain when the oil price comes back, and are the ones that investors should be eyeing right now.

But stock picking isn t the only way to make money out of the butchered oil price. Here are 5 ways to position yourself for either a recovery or a further deterioration of the oil market, depending on where you place your bet.

1. Buy low-cost, low-debt producers

Oil production is, to say the least, a costly business. The cost of finding and  lifting  a barrel of oil out the ground varies between $16.88 in the Middle East to $51.60 offshore in the United States, according to the US Energy Information Administration. An analysis by Citi published by Business Insider shows that a significant amount of US shale oil production will be challenged if Brent prices move below $60 (Brent is currently at $49), and that companies are canceling projects that require prices above $80 a barrel to break even.

In this difficult price environment, investors want to buy companies that can produce at a lower rate than their competitors and do not have significant debts they need to service while having to accept lower commodity prices. Here are three possibilities:

Crescent Point Energy (NYSE, TSX: CPG): A conventional oil and gas producer with assets in Canada and the United States, Crescent Point can pull oil out of the ground at a cheaper rate than its Canadian oil sands rivals. Despite cutting spending by 28 percent in 2015 compared to last year, the Saskatchewan-focused firm is still planning to increase average daily production to 152,000 barrels. Crescent Point has a solid balance sheet, with net debt totaling $2.8 billion as of Sept. 30, against a market value of $11.55 billion. CPG also offers a very attractive 10.64% dividend at its current share price, leading to the speculation that its dividend could be cut if low oil prices persist. However, Crescent Point has stated that it will only cut its dividend as a last resort and has other levers at its disposal, including borrowing through one of its credit facilities or further reducing its capital budget later this year.

Husky Energy (TSX: HSE): Having gotten clobbered 25 percent over the last six months, partly due to cost overruns at its Sunrise oil sands project, upstream and downstream behemoth Husky now offers a respectable 4.69% dividend for buy and hold investors. Husky is pulling in the reins on spending, trimming $1.7 billion off its capital budget in 2015, mostly at its Western Canadian oil and gas operations. A third of Husky s production in 2015 was natural gas, which has held up better than oil, and should provide smooth earnings going forward. The company will also get a bump in cash flow from its Liwan project in the South China Sea. This joint venture with Chinese company CNOOC is in its second phase and Husky will receive a 50 percent price premium on the gas compared to North American prices.

Suncor Energy (NYSE, TSX: SU): The Canadian oil sands giant has been a lean machine since scrapping its $11.6-billion upgrading plant back in 2013. As The Motley Fool pointed out in a recent piece, Suncor has dropped its operating costs from $37 per barrel in 2013 to $31.10 in the last quarter. The company is not being strangled by a high debt load as it contends with lower margins. SU had about $6.6 billion in debt compared to nearly $42-billion in shareholder equity as of Sept. 30, one of the lowest debt ratios in the industry, notes Motley Fool. Lastly, investors with a long view can take comfort from Suncor s respectable 3.17% dividend.

2. Shift your individual stock holdings to an energy ETF

Picking energy stocks is tough at the best of times, let alone during this volatile, catch-a-falling-knife environment. Shifting to an energy ETF might be a better way to hedge oil risk right now. One possibility is the iShares S&P TSX Capped Energy Index Fund (XEG). The index includes energy stocks listed on the TSX, with the weight of any one company capped at 25 percent of the market cap of the index. Owning the ETF may be a good way to capture a short-term bounce in the energy market if momentum swings to the upside.

3. Short the oil price.

The time to begin shorting oil would have been 6 months ago, but those who believe crude has further to fall could still earn some gains if they time a short correctly. One way to do that is to purchase an inverse oil ETF. Zacks has a good article on 4 possibilities, including the popular ProShares Ultrashort DJ-UBS Crude Oil ETF (SCO). Another is the Horizon BetaPro NYMEX Crude Oil Bear Plus ETF (HOD). This derivative-based fund resets its leverage daily, making it a complex instrument that should only be used by experienced traders. An investor who bought HOD back in June would have realized a 6-month gain of 264.5%.

4. Short the service companies.

Oil producers have revenue coming in even though the price of oil is down. Oilfield service companies are beholden to producers to drill and service new and existing wells, making them especially vulnerable to falling prices. When the majors cut their capex budgets, oilfield service companies feel the pain. Hedge funds started shorting oilfield service companies in November, with CGG, Fugro and Seadrill among the most shorted stocks in Europe, according to Markit data quoted by Reuters. US-based short candidates include Schlumberger (NYSE: SLB), Halliburton (NYSE: HAL), Baker Hughes (NYSE: BHI) and National Oilwell Varco Inc. (NYSE: NOV).

5. Buy transportation stocks.

Lower prices for gasoline, bunker fuel and jet fuel have made winners out of airlines, shipping and trucking companies. Two examples are Delta Airlines, up 27.2% since June, and Canadian regional carrier WestJet (TSX: WJA), which has gained 19.2% in the same period. Transportation logistics companies such as TransForce Inc. (TSX: TFI), Saia (NASDAQ: SAIA), Echo Global Logistics (NASDAQ: ECHO) and J.B. Hunt Transport Services (NASDAQ: JBHT) may also be worth a look, although the dividend payouts on these companies tends to be meager or non-existent compared to the oil majors. The author does not hold positions in any of the above-mentioned equities. Due diligence is recommended before making any investment decisions. Think Amazon.com, Inc. Is Killing Big Box Retailers? Think Again Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) has grown to a value of over $130 billion with barely any profit, largely due to its dominance of online retail. With a 23% market share of online retail sales, the company does more e-commerce business than its next 12 largest competitors, which includes the likes of Staples and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT).

Without profits to underpin its share price, Amazon's tremendous market value has been predicated on its dominance of retail's biggest growth category as e-commerce sales increased 16% in the third quarter of 2014. According to conventional wisdom, Amazon's lack of physical stores gives at an advantage over the big box chains like Wal-Mart and Best Buy. Because Amazon does not have the expense of brick-and-mortar stores, the thinking goes, it can offer shoppers lower prices and therefore a better value proposition.

But what if that wasn't true?

The revenge of the big boxes

A recent report by the think tank L2 Inc. looked at 64 big-box chains, and uncovered some surprises in the industry.

Despite Amazon's mammoth growth over the last decade, conventional retailers are now stealing e-commerce market share from the leader. In the first quarter of last year, Home Depot saw online sales jump 54%. Costco's increased 48%, and Macy's and Wal-Mart saw a 31% and 30% increase in the category, respectively. Meanwhile, Amazon's retail sales grew just 20%.

Amazon's dominance of the space owes more to the relatively small size of e-commerce rather than traditional retailers' ineptitude. Despite its growth, e-commerce only makes up 6.6% of all retail sales, and volume sales are still growing four times slower than in physical stores. In the most recent quarter for which data's available, e-commerce sales totaled $78 billion, while total retail sales in the U.S. were $1.18 trillion.

The reason why the big boxes ignored e-commerce for so long was simply because it wasn't worth it. The vast majority of sales still take place at physical stores, but e-commerce has reached a tipping point where retailers have realized it's beneficial to invest and grow sales in the space. As they've improved their e-commerce platforms, the big boxes have found some surprising advantages.

Amazon spent $6.6 billion on shipping costs last year, while it collected just $3.1 billion in shipping fees. Brick-and-mortar retailers can offer in-store pickup thanks to their physical locations, an option 19% of Internet shoppers have used.

Similarly, "showrooming," the practicing of browsing in a store, and buying online was supposed to seal the fate of the big boxes. Now, it seems that "webrooming," or browsing online but buying in the store, has become popular as an Accenture survey said that 78% of respondents they had "webroomed," while just 72% had showroomed.

As the competition has intensified, many big boxes have lowered prices to match or beat Amazon, and several sources have reported that Amazon is no longer the default champ of rock-bottom online prices.

Where this is battle is going

Amazon has spent the last several years building out dozens of distribution centers near metropolitan areas to help it achieve its goal of same-day deliveries. But the big boxes already have a huge foothold in cities and suburbs, with thousands of stores that should present a potentially huge advantage over Amazon. Though, it may require a change in systems, it shouldn't be very difficult for retailers to ship from stores as long as the economics justify it. Google Express has also taken on Amazon in the delivery race, and has partnered with retailers to offer same-day delivery to customers in some cities. A strategy like this one may be the easiest way for big boxes to undercut Amazon's delivery proposition.

Traditional retailers still have a lot of improvements to make in the e-commerce space, but expect them to increasingly leverage their physical real estate in the battle against Amazon. While Amazon may offer a better online shopping experience, it's not about to open a network of hundreds of stores to match the presence of its competitors. Therefore, companies like Wal-Mart can continue to use propositions like in-store pickup, ship-from-store, and others, as a selling point over Amazon and a way to keep shipping costs down.

In the coming years, the most successful retailers will have to become masters of the omnichannel. They will have to offer shoppers an equally rewarding experience both in-store and online, and be able to combine those capabilities for optimal delivery of the purchase, whether that's in store or to the home.

Amazon will continue to grow as the e-commerce channel expands, but this surprisingly strong competition from brick and mortar names should continue to claw back market share. If that happens, questions about Amazon's lack of profits will only loom larger, and the stock could take a major hit.



 Bank of America fourth-quarter profit hurt by low interest rates A Bank Of America sign is pictured in the Manhattan borough of New York August 21, 2014. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri

Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), the second largest U.S. bank by assets, reported a 14 percent fall in quarterly profit as a decline in bond yields further crimped earnings.

A nearly $600 million markdown of a mortgage bond portfolio used to hedge interest rate risk ate into the bank's profits.

Chief Financial Officer Bruce Thompson described the fourth quarter as a "challenging rate environment," but said the bank expected to earn an extra $3.7 billion from higher loan and securities yields once interest rates increase by a percentage point, above previous estimates of $3.1 billion.

Much of a bank's loans are tied to the level of interest rates, so they are able to earn more income from the same assets when rates go up.

The company reported net income for common shareholders of $2.74 billion, or 25 cents per share, after adjusting the mortgage bond portfolio and recording two other charges related to its valuation of derivatives and debt.

The bank earned 32 cents per share, or 1 cent more than analysts expected, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S, without the special items.

Bond trading revenue also weighed on earnings, falling 30 percent to $1.46 billion due to a poor quarter in trading corporate and mortgage securities, two key areas for the bank.

The bank had unexpected gains of $220 million in the year-ago fourth quarter from recoveries on positions dated before the financial crisis.

JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) posted a 14 percent drop on Wednesday and Citigroup Inc (C.N) recorded a 16 percent fall on Thursday.

Total revenue for Bank of America fell 13 percent to $18.73 billion, excluding accounting adjustments. But costs fell more. Fourth-quarter operating expenses dropped 18 percent to $14.2 billion and were at their lowest since the bank acquired Merrill Lynch in 2009.

Legal costs plunged 83 percent to $393 million, and it reached a goal of reducing costs in the division that handles delinquent mortgages ahead of schedule. Chief Executive Officer Brian Moynihan said the bank has put the bulk of its legacy mortgage problems behind it, following a $16.65 billion settlement with the U.S. Justice Department in August. [ID:nL3N0SA4I9]

"In a weak environment ...[the bank] is executing on what's in its control, expenses," Morgan Stanley bank analyst Betsy Graseck wrote in a Thursday research report.

BofA's shares fell 3.5 percent to $15.48.

(Editing by Kirti Pandey and Jeffrey Benkoe) 
2015-03-28
Facebook Inc Has Big Plans to Take Over the Internet of Things Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) recently added support for Internet-connected devices to Parse, the mobile app development platform it acquired nearly two years ago. This move could help the social network tap into the booming Internet of Things (IoT) market, which IDC believes will grow from $1.9 trillion in 2013 to $7.1 trillion by 2020.

Let's take a closer look at Parse, why it is so important to the future of Facebook, and how an expansion into the IoT market would help the social network.

Why Parse matters

Unlike Google, Apple, Microsoft, and Amazon, Facebook does not have its own mobile operating system. This means that Facebook cannot launch a mobile app store and take a 30% cut of the sales.

But Facebook found another way to monetize apps. In 2012, it let developers add Facebook sharing abilities to any app with Open Graph, then offered mobile app install ads on its News Feed. Therefore, instead of claiming a percentage of app store sales, Facebook generates ad revenue from the developers.

Parse is a BasS (backend as a service) solution, a turnkey service that adds user authentication, push notifications, social media integration, location data, and data analytics into any app. Developers subscribe to these services, which can help them reach a wider audience and gain valuable insights on user behavior.

Parse hosts over 500,000 apps on a freemium model. Nonpaying developers get up to 30 API requests per second, 1 million push notifications per month, and 20GB of storage. Premium plans can cost hundreds to thousands of dollars per month.

Facebook wants to connect everything

By acquiring Parse, Facebook combined its turnkey solutions, software development kits (SDKs), Facebook integration, and mobile app install ads in a single subscription package. This makes Parse a solid solution for traditional mobile app and game developers, but an increasing number of apps for wearable devices and IoT devices are now coming into play.

In a recent blog post, Parse founder James Yu stated that synchronizing devices like sleep and insulin trackers to the cloud had "the potential to change the world for the better." But he also noted that "connecting these devices to the cloud can be difficult" due to backend compatibility and "constrained environments."

In response, Parse listened to feedback from IoT customers like Chamberlain, which makes smart garage door openers, Roost, which sells smart batteries for smoke detectors, and fitness tracker maker Milestone Sports. That is how it developed Parse for IoT, a new line of SDKs for connected devices.

Facebook smart homes

One new SDK is Arduino for the Arduino Yun, a microcontroller board with Wi-Fi capabilities which can power IoT devices like smart thermostats. Another SDK is Embedded C, an SDK designed for Linux and real-time operating systems.

Yu stated that with these new SDKs, developers "could make a smart thermostat that can be controlled via a mobile app, a security camera that saves images every minute, or even a music device that can be controlled via a web app."

Once all those devices are connected back to Facebook, the social network could become a major rival to Apple, Google, and Samsung in the upcoming battle over smart homes. For those three companies, the battle has focused on connecting devices to hubs like the Apple TV, Google Nest smart thermostat, and Samsung SmartThings hub which synchronize information with companion apps.

Facebook, however, intends to connect IoT devices without a physical hub. If it gathers information from those devices via Parse, then connects the companion apps through Facebook, it can grow a smart home ecosystem without a major mobile OS like Android or iOS. This could give Facebook a major presence in the smart home market, which Juniper Research estimates will grow from $33 billion in 2013 to $71 billion by 2018.

The bottom line

Facebook should not be considered a direct rival to Apple or Google in the IoT market. Those companies benefit from app sales and ecosystem growth, while Facebook is acting as an information-gathering gatekeeper. That information could help Facebook craft better targeted ads for its News Feed as it generates subscription revenue from Parse subscribers.

Therefore, Parse for IoT is a fascinating way to connect IoT devices to the largest social network in the world and a new area of growth that Facebook investors should not ignore. Can Google Inc. and Intel Corporation Help TAG Heuer Tackle Apple Watch? LVMH's (NASDAQOTH:LVMUY) luxury watch brand TAG Heuer recently partnered with Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) to develop a luxury Android smartwatch.

Not much else is known about the watch, which the trio claimed "signifies a new era of collaboration between Swiss watchmakers and Silicon Valley." The device is clearly a response to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming Apple Watch, which is expected to sell 10 million to 30 million units within the first year.

Let's look at Google and Intel's partnership with TAG Heuer, and whether the 155-year-old watchmaker can defend its core market against Apple.

A looming threat to Swiss watchmakers

When Apple unveiled the Apple Watch last September, Jean-Claude Biver, the head of TAG Heuer, told the German daily Die Welt the device had "no sex appeal" and looked like it was "designed by a student." A month later, Biver told the Swiss newspaper NZZ am Sonntag that he wanted "to launch a smartwatch at TAG Heuer, but it must not copy the Apple Watch."

Biver's comments were noteworthy because high-end Apple Watches could disrupt the luxury watch market. TAG Heuer watches, which generally cost between $2,000 and $10,000, account for a tenth of the world's luxury watches, according to the company.

Apple also poached Patrick Pruniaux, TAG Heuer's vice president of sales, as its new senior director of special projects last July. That move indicated Apple had its sights set on the high-end market, which was confirmed by the recent appearance of top-tier Apple Watches that cost between $5,000 and $17,000.

Despite these developments, Biver dismissed the notion that the Apple Watch poses a threat to TAG Heuer. Speaking at the Baselworld watch expo, Biver declared, "The difference between the TAG Heuer watch and the Apple watch is very important. That one is called Apple and this one is called TAG Heuer."

The Apple Watch is more dangerous than TAG Heuer thinks

Biver believes consumers will never consider Apple to be a comparable luxury brand to TAG Heuer. In terms of the watch market, he might be right -- a 2014 report from Digital Luxury Group revealed that TAG Heuer was the third most searched-for luxury watch brand in the world, behind Rolex and Omega.

But if we look at China, the world's largest consumer of luxury goods, TAG's prospects look much dimmer. A recent survey from the Hurun Research Institute in Shanghai found that Apple was the top brand for gifting among China's richest men and women in 2014. Apple was the only electronics company that made the list, which included Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Dior, and Hermes. TAG Heuer didn't make the cut.

Why Google and Intel are helping TAG Heuer

Google and Intel are both looking to hitch a ride to the luxury market on TAG Heuer's coattails.

Last year, Google launched Android Wear, a slimmed-down version of its OS for smartwatches, but mainstream adoption has been sluggish. In 2014, Google's OEM partners only shipped 720,000 Android Wear devices among a total of 4.6 million wearable bands, according to Canalys.

Several OEMs -- including Motorola, Huawei, and LG -- have launched pricier Android Wear devices that cost over $300. Unfortunately, none of those brands can match Apple's luxury brand appeal. Therefore, having TAG Heuer launch an Android-powered luxury smartwatch could help Android Wear match Apple Watch's presence in the luxury market.

Intel, which will provide the system-on-chip, or SoC, for the device, desperately needs allies to match ARM Holdings' presence in the smartwatch market. ARM previously crushed Intel in the smartphone market with its low-power designs, which it licenses to chip manufacturers. Many top smartwatches -- including Samsung's Gear devices and Pebble watches -- already use ARM-licensed chips.

In response, Intel partnered with Fossil to provide SoCs for upcoming Android Wear watches and launched its own health-tracking smartwatch, the Basis Peak. Partnering with TAG Heuer is a clear extension of that strategy.

The verdict

Revenue at LVMH's watch and jewelry division -- which includes TAG Heuer, Bulgari, Hublot, Zenith, and Christian Dior -- rose 3% year over year in 2014 and accounted for 9% of the company's top line. Apple Watch, which Strategy Analytics expects to capture over half of the global smartwatch market this year, is a dangerous wild card that could cause LVMH's watch and jewelry sales to dip, as they did in 2013.

TAG Heuer, Intel, and Google were wise to team up to strengthen their defenses against Apple Watch, but it might not be enough to counter widespread disruption in China and other lucrative luxury markets. Jury clears top Silicon Valley firm of gender bias, retaliation SAN FRANCISCO Silicon Valley powerhouse venture capital firm Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers was cleared on Friday of claims it short-circuited the career of a former partner because she is a woman, in a gender discrimination trial that shook the tech world.

A California jury also rejected a claim that Kleiner, the firm that backed Google Inc and Amazon.com Inc, had retaliated against its former partner, Ellen Pao, by firing her after she sued in 2012.

Despite days of courtroom drama about affairs, books of erotic poetry and office flirting, juror Steve Sammut, who mostly voted for Kleiner, said the decision came down to Pao's effectiveness at her job.

 We were focused on the performance,  he said.

The verdict dashed Pao's hopes for personal vindication, but the trial revealed embarrassing disclosures about how Pao and other women were treated at Kleiner and Silicon Valley's corporate culture and its lack of diversity.

"Ellen Pao s loss is anything but a win for Silicon Valley s status quo. The challenges she raised about the male-dominated culture that controls the heart of the innovation economy can t be dismissed," the San Francisco Chronicle wrote in an editorial after the verdict. It described tech firms "huddling" to review promotion plans.

In a statement, Kleiner thanked the jury and said it was committed to supporting women in venture capital and technology. "There is no question gender diversity in the workplace is an important issue," it said.

Supporters of Pao sent Twitter messages tagged #ThankYouEllenPao immediately after the final verdict. Pao shone a light on the "toxic culture" of Silicon Valley and "empowered other women in tech", some tweets said.

Pao remained composed as the decision on each claim was delivered. As the crucial decisions on gender bias were read, her two lawyers gently patted her on the back.

After the jury was dismissed, Pao told reporters in the courthouse that people around the world had reached out to her and told her that they had stories similar to her own.

"If I've helped to level the playing field for women and minorities in venture capital, then the battle was worth it," she said.

The California Superior Court case laid bare the personnel matters of the firm, with Pao's lawyers painting Kleiner as a quarrelsome pressure cooker where a former male partner used business trips as opportunities to make advances to female colleagues.

BRIEF AFFAIR

Pao, now interim chief executive at social-news service Reddit, claimed her standing at Kleiner crumbled after she ended a brief affair with partner Ajit Nazre. Her career deteriorated after he and Kleiner started retaliating against her, amid a climate that was overall unfriendly toward women, her lawyers argued.

The firm disputed those charges, presenting evidence that Kleiner went out of its way to hire women.

Pao sought to illustrate her point with testimony during the five-week-long trial from former Kleiner partner, Trae Vassallo, who said Nazre appeared at her hotel room on a business trip, wearing a bathrobe and carrying a glass of wine.

Kleiner countered that it investigated Nazre after Vassallo complained, after which he quickly left the firm.

Some witnesses, including Pao's onetime mentor John Doerr, testified that Pao's lack of advancement stemmed from subpar performance, not discrimination or retaliation.

Juror Sammut said jurors believed the firm was ready to let Pao go years before her lawsuit but that Doerr intervened. "Doerr was definitely in her corner," Sammut said.

Pao's attorneys had argued she laid the groundwork for the firm's highly successful investment in RPX, the patent company, and suggesting an investment in Twitter, an idea more senior partners rejected at the time.

Pao herself testified for five days and faced tough questions both from Kleiner's legal team and from jurors. One juror asked if it was "professional to enter into an affair with a married partner?"

"Going back I would not have done it again, but I didn't think it was inappropriate at the time," Pao said, emphasizing that Nazre had told her he was separated.

The case is Pao v. Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers LLC, CGC-12-520719, in California Superior Court, in the County of San Francisco.

(Additional reporting by Noel Randewich and Jim ChristieEditing by Peter Henderson and Grant McCool) 
2015-08-31
Google Pairs With Sanofi to Move Diabetes Patients to Cloud Google Inc. s life science unit is still seeking a name but it already has a foe: diabetes.

The U.S. Internet giant on Monday agreed to work with French drugmaker Sanofi to devise new ways of managing a disease that afflicts 382 million people worldwide, adding to recent deals with Novartis AG and DexCom Inc. The companies didn t disclose financial details of the agreement.

Andy Conrad, the head of Google s life science team, said diabetes is precisely the kind of disease in which technology can help patients, whose bodies can t manage sugar, by keeping track of their blood and insulin measurements -- and avoiding discomforts that range from daily finger pricks to more gruesome limb amputations.

 Diabetics are far more likely to have heart attacks, they re far more likely to have cancer, and they re 15 times more likely to have their foot cut off because of vascular issues,  Conrad said in an interview.  If we could prevent strong and profound fluctuations in the levels of blood sugar, we could prevent most of the problems associated with diabetes. 

Google last year agreed to work with Novartis to develop contact lenses that use tiny sensors to read blood-sugar levels from tears. Tests on that product will begin next year, Conrad said. This month, Google also said it would work with DexCom on a bandage-sized sensor connected to the cloud. Sanofi, the maker of Lantus, the world s best-selling insulin, will work on new ways of delivering the hormone, such as Bluetooth-enabled pens that let a physician monitor how much insulin their patient is using, and when.

 That s the system that we re endeavoring to build: smart insulin delivery devices, smart measurement devices, and an interface and an integrating platform that helps physicians and patients see how they re doing,  said Conrad, whose division will be renamed in the coming months as a unit of Google s new holding company, Alphabet Inc.

Sanofi fell 0.4 percent to 88.13 euros as of 3:45 p.m. in Paris. Google rose less than 0.1 percent to $630.55.

Diabetes, which will affect an estimated 600 million people by 2035, costs about $245 billion a year in the U.S. alone in health-care resources and lost productivity, according to the American Diabetes Association.

Google and Sanofi will develop ways to store and analyze glucose levels in real time, enabling patients and their doctors to respond more quickly to peaks and troughs in blood sugar and avoid long-term complications associated with poor management of the disease, which include heart attacks and cancer.

 The cost of diabetes is the cost of complications of diabetes, which is often not treated well enough and early enough,  said Pascale Witz, the head of Sanofi s newly-created diabetes and cardiovascular-care unit.

Sanofi last year signed a memorandum of understanding to work with Medtronic Inc. on developing devices for diabetes, but Witz said the Paris-based company will no longer pursue that partnership because "we did not feel that it was going far enough."

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Patients monitor their blood sugar several times a day by pricking a finger with a needle and dabbing a drop of blood onto a strip that s inserted into a meter that computes the level of glucose -- or sugar. Patients also need to monitor their diet and exercise regimes and calculate how much insulin they need, a combination of tasks that means more than half of patients miss their target levels, according to a 2013 study.

Devices that continuously monitor glucose, and upload that data to the cloud, will enable physicians and patients  to move away from the reactive and episodic towards the proactive and preventative,  Conrad said.  An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure.  Boston Dynamics develops walking robotic tech with stunning speed and stability American popular culture may sometimes take a dim view of robots, but we ve seen stories of robots being useful during emergency situations like Africa s most recent Ebola outbreak and the deadly and massive earthquakes that slammed Nepal back in April. Still, even though we cover robotics with some frequency we were recently amazed to learn about the robot technology of Boston Dynamics, which is now a Google (or Alphabet) company.

The robotics and engineering firm Boston Dynamics is headquartered in Waltham, MA, and wholly owned as a subsidiary by Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), both of which are soon to enter into a new corporate structure under Alphabet Inc. Founded in 1992 by Marc Raibert as a startup spinning off from technology developed at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, the company has worked to create robotic units which have the mobility and maneuverability of animals.

To judge by some of the videos posted by Boston Dynamics online, they re doing an incredibly fantastic job in the short time since Google s December 2013 acquisition of the company. The company s official YouTube channel has seen some very intriguing uploads over the past few years. For example, Sand Flea Jumping Robot (see below), uploaded in March 2012, shows a remote-controlled box on wheels that weighs 11 pounds and yet has the capability to jump 30 feet in the air. The bot is guided towards a target during flight by an onboard stabilization system.

Introducing Spot (see below) features Spot, a 160-pound four-legged robot that can take a sizable kick to its side and regain its footing on its own. In one sequence, Spot travels down a hallway and is knocked off course. Without stopping or losing much stability, Spot sidles back to its original forward path. Outdoors, Spot can handle some fairly tough terrain and it travels uphill with seeming ease.

Another video from 2012 (see below) shows the Cheetah Robot tackling a treadmill chugging along at speeds of 28 miles per hour, faster than Guinness World Record land speed record holder Usain Bolt. In October 2013, Boston Dynamics published  Introducing WildCat  which showcases what appears to be a larger version of Spot that can gallop along on flat terrain at speeds of up to 16 miles per hour. Other compnay projects include Atlas, a bipedal robot that can guide itself stably over uneven ground, even if it does still require a tether cable to supply power.

Private capital from Google has almost assuredly helped Boston Dynamics increase its output but the company has been lucky enough to have secured funding from some public entities. For instance, development of the Sand Flea has been buoyed by financial support from the U.S. Army s Rapid Equipping Force, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) as well as the counter-IED program Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Organization (JIEDDO), now the Joint Improvised-Threat Agency (JIDA). DARPA has also contributed funding for the WildCat unit through the organization s Maximum Mobility and Manipulation program. Other organizations which have partnered with Boston Dynamics in the past include the U.S. Navy, Marine Corps and Sony Corporation (NYSE:SNE).

As fun as it may be to sit and watch these advanced robots, we now turn to take a look at the patent portfolio being developed by Boston Dynamics.

Boston Dynamics  Issued Patents: Robots That Jump or Travel Under the Sea

The patent portfolio of Boston Dynamics is small but it does cover some very intriguing innovations in the field. The company holds six patents issued by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, two of which protect jumping technologies that may contribute to some functioning of the Sand Flea. U.S. Patent No. 8849451, issued under the title Hopping Robot, protects a robot with a chassis, a motive subsystem that maneuvers the chassis, a hopping actuator including a rearwardly extending foot which is attached to the chassis for launching a robot and a separate leg pivotable to pitch the chassis upward at a selected launch trajectory angle. This technology, developed to overcome issues in robotic components suffering damage when the unit lands, is definitely on display in the Sand Flea video, and diagrams attached to the patent grant confirm this. Another robotic jumping technology is reflected within U.S. Patent No. 6484068, titled Robot Apparatus and Method for Controlling Jumping of Robot Device. This protects a robot apparatus having a leg part with a link mechanism connected to an elastic member which is mounted so that it holds a substantially linear relation between the driving means and the leg part s distal end. This innovation provides more stability during jumping for four-legged robotic animals, especially those that might be kept as pets or for entertainment purposes. This patent, the earliest issued one in Boston Dynamics  portfolio dating back to November 2002, is jointly issued to Sony, representing some of the previous partnership between these two companies.

Some of Boston Dynamics  patented technologies are directed at improved systems for mechanized movements that address the shortcomings of conventional hydraulics in terms of speed and simplicity. U.S. Patent No. 8126592, issued under the title Actuator System, claims an actuator system for a linkage which includes a joint between two members, at least two actuator assemblies connected between those members and a hydraulic circuit that contains a sensor system for sensing a magnitude of a load on the assemblies and members, a fluid supply system for supplying fluid to the actuator assemblies and a control system responsive to the sensors for controlling the fluid supply system. This innovation was developed to provide an actuation system for four-legged robots that enables high power on demand while also enabling low power operations. A newly invented valve intended to replace the use of servo valves, which can be heavy and expensive, is detailed within U.S. Patent No. 8973613, which is titled Electrorheological Valve. The electrorheological (ER) fluid valve protected here is constructed of a housing with two substrates with independently controllable electrodes, two walls and multiple input and output ports, ER fluid that can flow in the housing and a controller that selectively establishes fields between the two substrates which define fluid passages when the ER fluid reacts with the fields. This new ER valve configuration seeks to improve the ability to control the rate of fluid traveling through an ER valve.

Robotic design features which are intended to improve their mobility in when travelling horizontally or on an incline are discussed within U.S. Patent No. 7734375, which is titled Robot and Robot Leg Mechanism. The robot leg mechanism disclosed here involves a leg, a hip connected to the leg to abduct and adduct a leg, a linkage configured to rotate the leg along a predetermined path and a shaft connected to the hip s coupler gears and a rotatable frame portion. This robotic innovation utilizes a minimum of actuators and is also compact, lightweight and relatively inexpensive while still being able to climb inclines. Wheeled robots for tackling extremely difficult terrain are at the center of U.S. Patent No. 7398843, entitled Reconfigurable Robot Drive. The robot protected here is comprised of a robot body, a plurality of wheels connected to the robot body for propelling the robot and an axle for each wheel; the wheels are configured to connect centrally to the axle when traveling over flat terrain or to offset the axle s position when traveling over rough terrain. This innovation enables the development of robots that can travel in underwater aquatic environments where they may need to travel over smooth and rough terrain.

Patent Applications of Note: Orthotic Joint Braces and More Jumping Robotics

We did also note a handful of patent applications filed with the USPTO by Boston Dynamics, some of which we felt that readers might enjoy seeing more in-depth. The company has leveraged some of its robotics research and development for medical fields to judge by the technology outlined within U.S. Patent Application No. 20150051527, filed under the title Brace System. This would protect a brace system composed of a medial brace and a lateral brace securable via cross members, each brace having an upper portion, a lower portion and a hinge assembly between those two portions; the brace system also includes a force differential actuator subsystem connected to both the medial and lateral braces. The resulting invention is an orthotic knee brace that can aid in the treatment of those suffering from joint injuries.

More improvements in ER valves were found within U.S. Patent Application No. 20140319390, which is titled Printed Circuit Board Electrorheological Fluid Valve. This patent application would protect a printed circuit board ER fluid valve that contains spaced, bonded, epoxy printed circuit board laminates defining flow channels, electrodes formed on the laminate opposite of the flow channels and surface pads on a laminate electrically connected to electrodes for supplying a voltage to control ER fluid flow through the channels. The resulting ER valve is more cheaply produced, integrates internal wiring and can hold high pressure fluids without leaking.

Typical hydraulics have not been completely abjured by the research teams at Boston Dynamics, however. U.S. Patent Application No. 20120291873, which is titled Hydraulic Circuit, discloses a hydraulic circuit with a source of high pressure hydraulic fluid, a source of medium pressure hydraulic fluid, a return for low pressure hydraulic fluid, an actuator, a valve subsystem connecting the two sources, the return and the actuator for driving the actuator using the pressurized hydraulic fluids, as well as a controller for switching the valve subsystem between high and medium pressure fluids based on pressure criteria. The innovation allows for reduced power requirements in some walking robot applications, encouraging the use of smaller internal combustion engines while increasing a robot s cargo space.

More developments in jumping robotic assemblies can be seen on display within U.S. Patent Application No. 20140083077, titled Environmentally Sealed Combustion Powered Linear Actuator. The combustion powered linear actuator that would be protected here has an actuator body with a first chamber, a power piston mounted in the first chamber movable between retracted and extended positions and having its own combustion chamber, a first seal around the piston sealing the piston to the actuator body, a vent region that allows exhaust gases to bypass the first seal and vent out of the actuator body, a seal body for the distal end of the piston and a second seal proximate the distal end of the actuator body cooperating with the seal body to seal the vent region. This improved sealing system helps to prevent the contamination of actuator components in harsh environments, which can lead to malfunction. 
2015-09-27
The Race to $1000 per Share: Will Google or Amazon Cross the Finish Line First? Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) are two of the most iconic technology companies today. And they happen to be two of a growing number of high-priced stocks on the stock market, trading for more than $500 per share. Amazon shares closed Thursday at $534 while Google C shares closed Thursday at $626 and Google A shares closed Thursday at $655.

We asked three of our www.fool.com contributors which stock would reach $1,000 per share first. Both companies have a strong case and one answer might surprise you.

Brian Stoffel (Amazon): Both of these companies are core holdings in my personal portfolio. Combined, they comprise more than one-quarter of my family's real-life holdings. But if forced to choose which will reach $1,000 per share first, I argue that it will be Amazon.

One of the hardest things for investors to calculate is what the behemoth's profitability will look like once it stops spending so much. Eventually, all the money poured into fulfillment centers and expansion of servers for the company's web services will hit a stable run rate.

I don't expect CEO Jeff Bezos to slam on the brakes anytime soon, but he doesn't have to. He simply needs to tap on them a little, and the market reacts with wonder. In late July, Amazon reported a surprising profit of $0.19 per share; Wall Street was expecting a loss of $0.14 per share. The beat came from a combination of slightly higher revenue than expected, slightly lower expenses, and a breakdown of just how healthy the company's cloud services are.

The stock responded by jumping 20% when the market opened. Though it settled down later in trading, it highlights an important point: When the news is positive, Wall Street starts baking in even more lofty expectations into Amazon's stock price. I expect that dynamic to help Amazon break the $1,000 barrier first.

Travis Hoium (Google): Answering whether Google or Amazon hits $1,000 per share first will ultimately depend on the mood of the market. As Brian alluded to, Amazon's stock has long been driven by revenue growth rather than generating real income, so that could continue well into the future.

But from a fundamental perspective, it's hard to argue with the story Google has given investors. The company is a cash flow machine and it's done a great job of ingraining itself in everything we do. Search, email, document sharing, the cloud, and smartphones are just a few of the products Google provides its customers and they all circle back to providing targeted search results and ads that advertisers are willing to pay a mint for. Take a look at the chart below to see just how fast cash flow has grown over the past decade:

Amazon, on the other hand, would be much easier for consumers to abandon if another good option comes along. From a stock perspective, it has largely lived off the market's positive sentiment of the company to attain a high stock price, not strong earnings or cash flow. Someday the market will demand fundamental results and that's when I question whether the company can deliver. Online retail is fundamentally a low-margin business, streaming video companies have failed to turn a solid profit, and Amazon has failed miserably at getting further ingrained in our culture with smartphones and its own app store.

Eventually, fundamentals will matter to the market and between Google and Amazon, the fundamental strength goes to Google. That's why it's my pick to hit $1,000 per share first.

Dan Caplinger: Those who've looked at Google over the years will quickly remember that the company has already won a previous version of this contest, with the search-engine giant's shares having first vaulted over the $1,000 mark in late 2013. Only after its unusual split into Class A and Class C shares did the stock fall back into triple-digit territory, and the disparity in total market capitalization still reflects the perceived advantage that investors see for Google over Amazon.

That aside, I'm a big believer in what I can see, and Amazon has consistently demonstrated that it's more interested in expanding its revenue reach than it is in delivering bottom-line profits to investors. Brian's points about a potential end to Amazon's aggressive spending are valid, but others have made predictions along those lines for years, and Bezos seems to have an endless capacity for visionary ideas that also happen to involve delaying consistent profit growth another few years down the road. Even with some of Google's challenges in adapting to a mobile-driven world, its reliable profitability and value-priced shares make it a more attractive stock in my book, and the $100-per-share head start that Google's shares have over that of Amazon currently makes it a no-brainer pick as more likely to regain the $1,000 level first. 
2015-09-23
These Chinese Companies Should Fear Google However, three app stores dominate 70% of the market, and those companies have the most to lose from Google Play.

With Google's absence from China, more than 200 app stores have popped up to take its place with Android.

A couple weeks ago The Information reported that Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is coming back to China and its purpose is to launch a version of Google Play. Such a move would make sense given the overwhelming dominance of its Android operating system in China and also from a business standpoint to drive Google Play revenue higher. So while this could have great implications for Google, it could be a nightmare for China's top three app stores.

With Google shut out of China, third-party app stores have popped up to capture the demand of apps with the Android operating system. The Chinese app store market is very fragmented, with reportedly 200 Chinese app stores. However, the big three control more than 70% of that market, a market that includes 1.3 billion wireless customers and Android as the dominant operating system.

Source: China Internet Watch

One of the top Android app stores in China is Qihoo 360's (NYSE:QIHU) 360 Mobile Assistant, or at least on desktop. 360 Mobile Assistant has approximately 275 million users on mobile and over 450 million of its PC version. Up until recently, this presence created the majority of Qihoo 360's annual revenue and profits.

The company has a large security business, but those security apps come standard with the use of its app store. Nowadays, Qihoo 360 is leveraging its app store presence to drive its market share of internet search higher, both on PC and mobile. Like its 360 Mobile Assistant business, the majority of Qihoo 360's internet search share is still on PCs, 30% vs. 10% on mobile. However, that market share of internet search is growing thanks to its app store presence and is helping offset the declines in revenue from the company's app store business (gaming). If Google enters China, it most likely won't pursue the PC business as aggressively as mobile, but if successful its presence could still take a bite out of Qihoo's app store and internet search businesses.

While Qihoo 360's app store has a much larger presence on PCs, Baidu's (NASDAQ:BIDU) Mobile Assistant is by far the most dominant app store for mobile devices. Mobile Assistant has well over 600 million mobile users for its search business.

Baidu's app store is a little different from most. Baidu's app store is combined with its internet search business, therefore users download apps from internet search. In other words, those 600 million active users on search is a good indication of its mobile app store's size.

If in fact Google were to penetrate China, and prove that its app store is superior, Baidu would have a lot to lose because of its strong mobile presence. With Baidu essentially known as the Google copycat of China, Google's entrance into the region could mean a more direct competitor to Baidu in other businesses as well. But for now, mobile seems to be the only immediate risk, which is a big risk given that Baidu created half of its revenue from mobile.

Lastly, Tencent (OTCPK:TCEHY) is another top app store in China, but figuring its exact presence is more difficult. Tencent uses its popular WeChat messaging app, which has 600 million monthly active users, to encourage the use of its app store and the download of apps promoted on WeChat. Therefore, Tecent's app store is more-or-less a built-in component of WeChat, a strategy that appears to be working given the company's 110 million daily downloads last year on its MyApp app store.

With that said, Tencent has the least to lose if Google enters China and that's because Google doesn't have a well established mobile messaging service to attract WeChat users. In other words, so long as WeChat remains a dominant mobile communications platform in China, MyApp will likely continue to thrive.

All things considered, the notion that Qihoo 360 and Baidu could lose mobile app store business also assumes that Google will be successful with Google Play if it enters China. Fact of the matter is that Google has remained absent from China for half a decade and does not have the brand power that it has in North America. However, in the app store business, I tend to believe that Google will do well if it enters China.

The reason is because of how fragmented the market is and because Google can sell developers and consumers on the advantages of combining Android with Google Play, with Google being the owner of both. Google Play was developed for the seamless integration with Android, built by the same company, and that's a claim that no other Chinese app store provider can make.

With regard to fragmentation, we have seen dominant U.S. companies like Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) try and enter China with little success. However, that's because the Chinese e-commerce industry is dominated by two companies, Alibaba and JD.com, which collectively control more than 85% of the market. That makes entering the market quite difficult for a new company.

Meanwhile, the Chinese app store and mobile industry in general do not have that one dominant presence that has the complete loyalty of consumers. This fact combined with Google's ability to sell the advantages of Google Play plus Android makes me think the company has a good, fighting chance to be relevant in this space, which could even piggyback the company into other ventures in China like internet search, mapping, mobile video, email, etc. If so, that means even more bad news for Baidu.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. 
2015-03-30
Will Apple Inc. Compete Against Google Glass and Microsoft Corp.'s HoloLens? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) could eventually challenge Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and Sony (NYSE:SNE) in the augmented reality, or AR, market, according to Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster. Munster believes Apple has dedicated a small team to exploring AR, which he claims could be "as profound a technology as the smartphone today."

Unfortunately, AR devices, which "enhance" reality with digital overlays, haven't gained mainstream acceptance yet. Google Glass, the best-known example, was sent back to the drawing board in January. Sony's SmartEyeglass, which is bulkier than Glass and has a wired controller, is designed for niche enterprise users. Microsoft's HoloLens, which combines aspects of virtual reality, or VR, and AR, looks more promising, but it's unclear when it will arrive.

Should Apple develop an AR device?

This isn't the first rumor of Apple developing an AR device. In 2011, Apple was reportedly exploring adding AR to Apple Maps. In 2013, Apple patented an AR system for mobile devices that superimposes information on real-world objects, similar to Glass or Nokia's City Lens app. In 2014, Apple patented a transparent display for that system, suggesting an AR headset was in the pipeline.

Munster said he believes "Apple has the unique ability to combine the technology of augmented reality with attractive fashion and design." Apple certainly has a lot of high-fashion talent in its ranks, including former Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts, former Yves Saint Laurent CEO Paul Deneve, and former TAG Heuer sales director Patrick Pruniaux. But that doesn't necessarily mean "Apple Glass" will fare any better than Google Glass.

Last year, Google partnered with fashion icon Diane von Furstenberg to launch designer frames for Glass. The frames made Glass prettier and pricier, but they didn't address its main problem -- the protruding camera that caused privacy concerns and led to public bans on the device. Last April, an Adweek survey found that 72% of Americans wouldn't wear Glass due to privacy concerns.

Therefore, Apple might make Glass look sleeker, but the primary concern about wearable spy cameras won't simply fade away.

Learning from Glass' mistakes

Microsoft unveiled a prototype of HoloLens, a much larger AR headset, in January. Unlike Glass, HoloLens superimposes 3D VR environments on top of real ones. For example, a user can play a holographic game of Minecraft on a coffee table, or answer Skype calls on an AR display. An auto mechanic can provide remote assistance in fixing a car through the camera, simply by drawing directions on the user's display.

In short, Microsoft demonstrated how HoloLens could be useful in everyday situations. By comparison, Google initially promoted Glass' hands-free video recording capabilities, which can also be easily achieved with a GoPro camera. Google eventually promoted Glass for enterprise uses through its "Glass at Work" program, but that initiative only attracted a handful of small partners.

Google has since invested heavily in Magic Leap, an AR start-up that superimposes virtual objects over real environments. It's unclear if its features will be integrated into the next version of Glass, but if they are, the device could be comparable to HoloLens.

If Apple launches an AR headset, it will need to make several tough choices. Will it be a high-fashion device, an enterprise/remote assistance system, or a gaming and media consumption headset?

One step at a time

Apple might have to answer those questions one day, but the AR market is still tiny. Research firm MarketsandMarkets estimates the entire AR market, which is worth nearly nothing today, could be worth $660 million by 2018. But that's a drop in the pond for Apple, which is expected to generate $226 billion in revenue this year.

Moreover, Apple doesn't need to launch an AR headset to gain a foothold in the AR market. It can use its AR patents to enhance Apple Maps and eliminate the need for third-party AR camera apps. Doing so would form a firm foundation for any wearable AR devices that Apple might release in the future. China's Alibaba signs digital distribution deal with music rights group BMG Alibaba founder and chairman Jack Ma poses for the media while touring the CeBIT trade fair in Hanover March 16, 2015. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

BEIJING Germany's BMG music rights company said on Monday it had signed a music digital distribution deal with China's Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N), as the world's largest e-commerce firm firms up its bid to become a digital media empire.

The deal, one of the first in China made by a major music publisher rather than a label, will bring more than 2.5 million copyrights to Alibaba, whose music platforms already had many of the songs from artists including Kylie Minogue, the Rolling Stones and Jean-Michael Jarre, an Alibaba spokeswoman said.

Alibaba has set its eyes on becoming an online-media powerhouse, with music, film and television. The $210-billion firm has touted the potential for selling digital products as well as physical products in China, despite the country's track record of users not paying for media content.

In the process, it is vying with Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK), China's biggest social networking and online entertainment firm, and search leader Baidu Inc (BIDU.O) and its online video unit, iQiyi.

For BMG, the tie-up is both a chance to boost earnings by its artists in China and part of its attempt to "grow the legitimate music market in China", the company said.

BMG last November linked up with Chinese independent company Giant Jump to manage publishing and recording rights both at home and overseas.

Alibaba's Digital Entertainment arm will "promote BMG writers and artists through channels such as its streaming apps Xiami and TTPod" and "monitor and take action against digital and mobile services who may infringe the rights of BMG clients," the subsidiary of Bertelsmann AG, Europe's largest media company, said in a statement.

"Internet and particular mobile media are quickly providing an answer to the music industry's long-time challenge of how to monetize the vast untapped potential of the Chinese market," BMG Chief Executive Hartwig Masuch said in Monday's statement.

(Reporting by Paul Carsten; Editing by Clarence Fernandez) 
2015-06-25
Google Inc.'s Dividend: Is It Time to Follow Apple's Lead? A victim of its own success, dominant search engine Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) today faces an embarrassment of riches, literally.

Like fellow tech megacap Apple in 2012, Google's enviable economic engine has created another supposed "problem" for it. Simply stated, the search maestro mints money faster than it can spend it, a paradoxical problem that has recently rekindled the debate about whether Google should pony up and begin paying a dividend.

The case for a Google dividend

By nearly every conceivable measure, Google can easily afford to fund a dividend. For starters, Google is astoundingly profitable. Free cash flow exceeded $10 billion in all three of its most recent fiscal years. And in no small part because of its extraordinary economics, Google employs relatively minimal leverage throughout its capital structure. In its most recent quarterly report, Google only carried roughly $25 billion in total liabilities on its balance sheet, versus cash and marketable securities alone worth more than $65 billion.

Google could also opt to return capital by some means other than a dividend. Depending on a stock's valuation, buying back stock can be a more tax-efficient means of increasing total returns for shareholders, so dividends certainly aren't the only kind of capital return to deserve consideration here.

Either way, ample evidence exists to support this general point; Google throws off plenty of excess cash to fund its operations and then some. So, why wouldn't it pay a dividend?

The case against a Google dividend

Although a number of possible scenarios could prevent Google from initiating a dividend, for the purposes of this discussion, I'll limit my focus to two of the most pervasive lines of reasoning. First, companies will at times stockpile cash in order to fund future acquisitions, and maintaining the optionality to buy its way into effectively any industry or market certainly could loom large in Google's miserly cash management practices.

As a company investing in disparate spaces from Internet-streaming balloons to self-driving cars to artificial intelligence and beyond, Google clearly understands that tomorrow's technological landscape will likely dramatically differ from what many imagine. As such, maintaining enough financial "dry powder" to buy its way back into relevancy should it find itself on the wrong end of the next great growth market makes sense.

However, given its minimally leveraged balance sheet, its consistent cash generation, and the sheer enormity of its current cash balance, Google could likely still swallow all but the biggest companies even if it were paying a dividend.

Second, for better or worse, technology companies are in many ways defined by their growth. High growth companies are often better equipped to compete in the cutthroat market for talent; this holds especially true insofar as most top tech workers receive stock option awards.

As such, some argue that tech companies that begin to pay dividends signal their days as market disruptors have long passed. But this is a largely anecdotal argument and one that wouldn't likely apply to a company as fixated on continued growth as Google.

Especially among the elite tech talent that Google must continue to attract in order to remain relevant, Google's undeniable cool factor has proven a hugely effective recruiting tool over the years. And if paying a dividend could unintentionally dampen its status as an "it" place to work, then a Google dividend might prove more trouble than it's worth. Again, this isn't my personal belief, but it's a perspective that certainly bears consideration as part of the broader Google dividend debate.

Sooner or later

According to a recent article from Bloomberg, with roughly half its total assets in cash or other liquid investments, Google has a greater percentage of its assets in cash or cash equivalents than any other large cap company. Other familiar tech powers including Amazon.com, Facebook, and Priceline also make the list. However, no other large tech company listed had cash and equivalents in excess of 30% of total assets, making Google by far the most liquid among its Nasdaq brethren.

Both the pro and con views of Google's current dividend policy have their merit. However, with the outlook for Google's core businesses largely unchanged and the sheer extent of its current cash buffer, the discussion of a Google dividend should be framed in "whens," rather than "ifs." So, regardless of your perspective, take it to the bank: Google will begin paying a dividend within the next few years. It's only a matter of time. As Amazon, eBay remove Confederate flags, Nazi items on sale An eBay sign is seen at an office building in San Jose, California May 28, 2014. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach

A zoomed illustration image of a man looking at a computer monitor showing the logo of Amazon is seen in Vienna November 26, 2012. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger

SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc sharply cut the number of Confederate flag products on their sites a day after vowing to remove them, but in a sign of the difficulty of removing controversial content, Nazi-era memorabilia are listed on both sites.

EBay specifically bans their sale while Amazon bans the sale of "products that promote or glorify hatred, violence, racial, sexual or religious intolerance or promote organizations with such views."

It is difficult to enforce a complete ban on controversial products, analysts said, because of technological hurdles in flagging and pulling down banned items.

"For Amazon and eBay, it's a question of scale. eBay has had to work on everything from Nazi memorabilia to counterfeit jewelry and one of the hardest parts at their scale is to look at keywords, identify sellers with problems and flag issues," said Derek Bambauer, a professor at the University of Arizona who specializes in Internet law.

Amazon, which on Tuesday had listed nearly 30,000 items in a search for "Confederate flag", had almost nothing for sale with the flag late afternoon Wednesday.

Dylann Roof, the white 21-year-old charged with nine counts of murder in connection with the killings at a historically black church in South Carolina last week, posed with a Confederate flag in photos posted online.

The shooting has spawned a nationwide movement to eradicate symbols of the Confederacy from public spaces, license plates and retail stores, with both Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Sears Holdings Corp stopping sales.

Ebay's Tuesday listing of 1,377 items had shrunk to 466.

The company said it uses a combination of automated and manual steps to flag and remove problematic listings, and it did not say why so many items remained.

Another challenge to keeping controversial products off the sites involves the guidelines the companies use. Despite its general ban on Nazi memorabilia, eBay list certain items from that era, which a representative said recognized the historical significance of World War II.

A search by Reuters found numerous coins and stamps from that era available for sale, including some bearing the image of Adolf Hitler or Nazi swastikas.

(Reporting by Mari Saito; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) 
2015-12-23
2016 Outlook: Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL) This year was a busy, and bullish, one for Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL).

One of the biggest events was, of course, the name change and the subsequent restructuring of the company into two divisions: one that monetizes its web presence and another that s developing several so-called  moonshots. 

Meanwhile, Google stock is up more than 40% year-to-date, spurred by continued growth of what the company does best.

And yet, a 40% gain in one year is a tough act to follow. Can owners of Google stock realistically expect the recent split into two divisions to facilitate another strong gain in 2016? Or might the big advance have taken GOOGL shares to a valuation that s simply not sustainable, even if Alphabet does manage to reach the market s lofty earnings expectations?

Another Great Year for GOOGL

If analysts are on target, Alphabet should report revenue of $74.5 billion for calendar/fiscal 2015, and turn that into a profit of $28.99 per share of Google stock. Both are better than the year-ago figures of $66.0 billion and $25.14 per share, though neither figure has grown atypically for the technology giant.

That s not to say it s been an easy year for Alphabet, however.

While the headwind started to build before this year, 2015 is the year Alphabet (1) was forced to acknowledge mobile advertising simply isn t as profitable as the desktop search ad business that made Google great, and (2) actually did something meaningful about No. 1.

Specifically, per-click revenue was down   again   in 2015, and ad revenue has only grown because of the sheer number of users Google is bringing into the fold.

The strategy works, but it can t work forever. Eventually, Google will hit a ceiling in terms of the number of paid clicks it can inspire simply because there are a finite number of people in the world with Internet access.

As was noted, though, Google is finally doing something big about it. It may not completely turn the trend of lower per-click revenue around, but this year it introduced a reworked YouTube ad-sales model that had been marked by low cost-per-click prices but very high volume, and unveiled search-placement preference for websites that cater to users of mobile devices.

Google is still not in the end zone, so to speak, though it s at least moving in that direction. This is critical, as ad sales still make up the vast majority of the company s business.

What s in Store for Alphabet in 2016?

As for the coming year s catalysts, there are plenty that could keep interest in Google stock stirred up. One of them is the recent rumor that Alphabet is finally ready to take its driverless vehicle to the mass-production stage, with Ford (F) being specifically named as the exclusive partner.

It should be made clear that the tie-up is just a rumor, and even if it is true, consumers won t likely see a Google-branded electric vehicle in showrooms anytime soon. It doesn t matter, however, as the advent and buzz that the vehicle s development is even this far along could fuel euphoria over the course of 2016. And if it s not Ford, then it will be another manufacturer  sooner or later.

Next Page The Most Overhyped Story Of 2015 - And 2016: Driverless Cars There are scenarios ranging from genocide to invasion and war that could make 33,000 annual traffic deaths seem mild when compared to driverless car impact.

With driverless cars connected to a central database comes enormous potential for abuse not just from hackers and terrorists, but also from dictatorship.

There are so many scenarios where a driverless car won t know what to do for many years to come - weather, off-road, illegal U-turns, etc.

What s really the point of a not truly driverless car? And what about retaining your driver skills if you don t drive very often?

There is a world of difference between a true driverless car, and one in which the driver must be alert and skillful to take over on a split second s notice.

The hype surrounding driverless cars is flowing like lava out of a volcano these days. Every existing automaker is working on it, plus Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Uber (Private:UBER).

What people mean by "driverless car" or "self-driving car" seems to be a car that can drive without a human being needing to take over on a split second's notice, if the car suddenly doesn't know what to do, or makes a mistake. This car would be able to take you from anywhere to anywhere that a human can drive today.

If this is what people are hoping will happen relatively soon, say within a decade from now, they are likely sorely mistaken. Let me explain.

It is important to understand that there is a world of difference between a truly driverless car, and one in which there is a driver behind the wheel ready to take over. In one scenario, you are at the mercy of a computer negotiating with the elements. In the other, you have a chance at doing something when a new kind of obstacle appears.

There are numerous scenarios that can illustrate why a driverless car is going to remain pure fantasy for a long period of time:

Scenario number one: Police hand-directing traffic

There's been an accident, blocking the road. A cop has arrived at the scene and is now directing traffic to cross the do-not-pass lines and make an illegal U-turn onto the shoulder against what would normally be oncoming traffic. What does the driverless car do?

Scenario number two: Truck stopped in front of you

You're on a one-lane road (one lane in each direction) and you're not allowed to pass. There's a truck standing still ahead of you. Perhaps someone's got a mechanical issue. Perhaps it's a garbage truck that's stuck. Perhaps it's a poorly thought-out delivery van. In either case, you have to get around it, against the law. What does the driverless car do?

Scenario number three: Snowstorm

You're on your way to the ski resort. Snowstorm happens. Visibility is very low, and you sure can't see any lane markings, let alone the car (or is that a truck?) in front of you. What does the driverless car do?

Scenario number four: Farm animals

You're at your farm and on your country road you're surrounded by swarms of cows or sheep. They're not moving. What does the driverless car do? [Answer: You just go; they will "blink" first]

Scenario number five: Broken sensor

One or more of the cameras, radars, LIDARs or other sonar systems are down. Maybe someone put a piece of tape over one of the cameras just to mess with you. Maybe a sensor is blocked by ice, mud or other dirt. What does the driverless car do?

Scenario number six: Parking at the county fair

You arrive at the rodeo or sports event. An attendant is directing traffic to go over a ditch to park on a field that's serving as a temporary space for the five thousand people showing up. It's a farm field. What does your driverless pickup truck do?

I could go on and on. In scenario after scenario, the driverless car will be extremely challenged at best, whereas a human being would figure out where, how and why to take a path that doesn't hold up traffic or makes you sit still forever. Driverless cars are typically residing in the imagination world of those who live in California coastline weather, and certainly don't do any off-road driving.

It would make things easier if you dedicated specific areas for driverless cars, where other "regular" vehicles would not be allowed to operate. If you could somehow imagine away the need for delivery trucks and some other things, perhaps you could block off Manhattan to be for these driverless cars only. That might work - at least 99.9% of the time.

Once you stipulate that a human being must be sitting behind the steering wheel ready to take over, however, you have crossed a major line. For starters, what's the point? If I can't type emails, read articles, watch a TV show or whatever, what's the point of a self-driving car anyways?

It may even be a huge safety issue, to have people sit behind the wheel and be prepared to take over if the computer isn't able or makes a mistake. There are at least two reasons for this:

You have to keep up the concentration, being as vigilant about the car's surroundings as if you were driving it today. Otherwise, how would you know what's approaching in which lane and from what direction? The temptation to slack in this regard will surely prove to be impossible for us mere mortals. If you can't help texting TODAY, then how are you going to resist the temptation when you can get away with more? No practice, no skill. If the car is supposed to drive 99% or 99.999% of the time, how would the average person even be able to take over the wheel? Driving is a skill that is not insignificant, and you need to keep it up. Practice makes perfect. What you save when the computer works, you might lose 100x when the robot fails.

One of the most oft-cited arguments in favor of driverless cars is that it will save lives. I think it could do just the opposite. Let me explain.

I'm not even talking about the car's computer simply making a mistake and driving you over the 800-foot ravine to certain death. That will of course happen too. I'm talking about something far worse.

The 33,000 annual traffic deaths in the US may seem like a large number, and certainly it would be better to reduce these fatalities. From seat belts to crumple zones, we have made great progress here and will continue to do so.

However, there are far greater dangers that driverless cars could represent to human health. All of these driverless cars will be susceptible to computer hacking of various types. One is from terrorists and sitting-in-mom's-basement hackers. They would be bad enough, sending either a few people or a few million people to their certain deaths.

Another danger is genocide. Can you imagine if Joe Stalin, Adolf Hitler and Chairman Mao had the powers to subpoena or otherwise take control of a population where everyone were being driven around in cars without human control? They would send their political opponents to certain death in a nanosecond. You think 33,000 people dying in US traffic is bad? How about 33 million?!

How vulnerable would we be in the case of an invasion? You might go re-watch "Red Dawn" when Americans drove their pickup trucks into the mountains to mount a defense against the invading army. What if those pickup trucks were connected to the cloud, and the enemy took control of the servers? We would have no defense against pure annihilation. Then these driverless cars will be a tool to help exterminate 320 million Americans.

In that comparison, 33,000 million annual traffic accidents would seem like a beautiful sunny day at the beach.

And if your imagination doesn't stretch to the US being invaded by a foreign power, imagine Russia's fight against Ukraine. Can you imagine the damage Russia could do against Ukraine if Ukraine was dependent on driverless cars? It would be over within seconds. The best they could hope for, is for all the cars to just stop, allowing them to live for perhaps another few hours or days before losing.

Therefore, any time I read that we will save 33,000 lives in the US every year because traffic accidents will somehow cease, I think: You really haven't thought about the bigger picture, have you?

Long before such a catastrophic scenario happens, we are likely to experience far smaller sobering events. The feeling of helplessness if a driverless car just "goes crazy" and ends up in an accident will be very powerful in people's psyche, in terms of the willingness to get into one of those. You can say "Oh, but statistically you'll be safer than riding with Uncle Tony " all you want, but good luck on making that work for most people.

So does this mean there will be no "progress" in terms of assisted driving technology?

Of course not! The path for the next 3-5 years is pretty much all set. Cars will be able to *mostly* drive themselves - on most roads (city and highway) most of the time in most situations. There is little doubt about getting to 99.9% or some number like that.

All automakers will have those cars soon enough. We are pretty much already there. GM (NYSE:GM), Ford (NYSE:F), BMW (BAMXY), Mercedes (OTCPK:DDAIY), Volvo (OTCPK:VOLVY), Nissan (OTCPK:NSANY), Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA), Kia, Hyundai, Jaguar Land Rover (NYSE:TTM), Subaru, Toyota (NYSE:TM), Mitsubishi, Honda (NYSE:HMC)  they will all be there, some slightly sooner than the others. All of them, however, will require that drivers be ready to take over from the machine. They will not be driverless. They will not be able to drive you to any place you would be able to drive yourself, whenever you want.

As I described in the handful of examples above, however, humans will have to take over, in order to always take the car where you want it to go. Going camping in your Jeep, driving through the forest? Snow storm? Accident ahead? Car just standing still blocking the road and no legal way around it? A cop manually directing traffic against all normal rules? Parking away from a marked road? You have to have the skill to take over.

The practical significance of "self-driving" technology for the next decade? Likely none - except for journalistic curiosity, and perhaps a variety of investment bubbles on Wall Street.

Disclosure: I am/we are short TSLA.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: At the time of submitting this article for publication, the author was long GOOG, GOOGL and AAPL, and short TSLA. However, positions can change at any time. The author regularly attends vehicle launch events, press conferences and equivalent hosted by automakers.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. Google developing new messaging app: WSJ Google, part of Alphabet Inc, is building a new mobile messaging application to better compete with rival services such as those offered by Facebook Inc, The Wall Street Journal reported.

The new service would tap into Google's artificial intelligence know-how, integrating chatbots, or software programs that answer questions, inside a messaging app, the Journal reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter. (on.wsj.com/1NBajmA)

The new app will enable users to text friends or a chatbot, which will search the web and other sources for information to answer a question.

It is unclear when the service will be launched, or what it will be named, the report said.

Google declined to comment.

Popular messaging apps include Facebook's WhatsApp and Messenger services, and Tencent Holdings Ltd's WeChat, while Google has a service called Hangouts.

(Reporting by Sai Sachin R and Ankush Sharma in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Leslie Adler) 
2015-01-03
Vuzix says received Intel investment for smart glasses SAN FRANCISCO Vuzix Corporation said on Friday that Intel Corp invested $24.8 million in the company to speed up the launch of Internet-connected eyewear.

Intel bought preferred stock that is convertible into common shares equivalent to 30 percent of Vuzix, Vuzix said in a press release.

Rochester, New York-based Vuzix develops computerized, Internet-connected glasses and other video eyewear aimed at consumers, businesses and entertainment.

Intel officials were not immediately available for comment.

Intel, which was slow to launch chips for smartphones and tablets, is striving to be at the forefront of future trends in mobile computing and expand into new markets, including smart watches and other Internet-connected "wearables".

A month ago, Italy's Luxottica said it was joining forces with the US chipmaker to develop glasses that combine its top fashion brands with technology that could allow wearers to access information about their health or location.

Intel has also teamed up with watch retailer Fossil Group and fashion brand Opening Ceremony to develop wearable devices such as fashion bracelets with communications features and wireless charging.

(Reporting by Noel Randewich; editing by Andrew Hay) 
2015-01-24
Facebook Inc. Could Push Apple Pay Over the Top David Marcus, Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) vice president of messaging services, told an audience in Munich last week that he has an ambitious roadmap for Facebook Messenger in 2015. That roadmap includes ways for the company to generate revenue, but he said it won't include building a payments business on top of Facebook Messenger or WhatsApp.

Instead, Facebook wants to help remove friction from the buying experience. This shift opens the door for mobile payments providers to capitalize on Facebook's scale as it connects businesses with consumers. Specifically, Marcus wants to allow people to share private information -- like their credit card data -- with confidence.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is already working on solving that problem and offers an excellent mobile payments solution. Therefore, it would make sense for Facebook to work with Apple over competitors like Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) or PayPal. However, the need for a universal solution -- not just iPhones and iPads -- bodes well for competitors, but not necessarily Google and PayPal.

Opening up the lines of communication

Marcus said he wants to use Messenger to help businesses better communicate with customers. He gave the example of a customer trying to change a plane ticket after it's already been booked. He feels Facebook is well-positioned to tackle problems like that.

Of course, many consumers might be hesitant to offer businesses credit card data in a typical messaging app. As well they should be. Facebook could incorporate a way for customers to share credit card data without having to type in the information, providing a much more secure sharing platform. Alternatively, it could simply use Apple Pay to transmit those data to make purchases or change charges.

Considering Facebook is looking to make money by charging businesses to connect with customers, it shouldn't hesitate to bring on a partner like Apple or PayPal. Google might have more trouble getting in with Facebook to process payments considering the two companies compete closely in online advertising. Those transactions could offer a lot of valuable targeting information that Facebook would prefer Google not to have access to.

Stripe currently powers the back end of Apple Pay and provides the back end for Facebook's "Buy" button, which will allow Facebook users to buy products without leaving the website or app once it rolls out to more News Feeds.

Stripe could enable Facebook to build out its own feature that allows customers to securely share their credit card data and businesses to process payments within Messenger. The benefit would be that the feature could be universal, and Facebook gets to keep all of that credit card and purchase data to itself.

On the flip side, it's not clear that Facebook users want to share their credit card data directly with Facebook. However, as mentioned, since Facebook doesn't compete directly with Apple and PayPal, it shouldn't hesitate to offer alternatives to process payments. It would still get to glean data from users' interactions with businesses, after all.

A $414 billion market

U.S. shoppers are expected to spend $414 billion online in the year 2018. The opportunity for Facebook Messenger is significantly smaller, but with a large number of U.S.-based users, it still represents a big opportunity for Facebook to make more money from Messenger.

For Apple, getting in with Facebook would be less of a revenue generator than about pushing the adoption of Apple Pay. While early indications are that a large percentage of iPhone 6 purchasers have already signed up for Apple Pay, those numbers may be skewed by early adopters. As more apps and retailers adopt Apple Pay, the opportunity for Apple increases as onboarding becomes easier.

Taking just a 0.15% cut on payments means Apple needs to process $1.2 trillion in payments to add 1% of incremental revenue over fiscal 2014. That's not going to happen within one app, but Facebook Messenger could provide Apple a better opportunity to get there. 
2015-12-15
Google/Alphabet: 2015 Gains May Be Unsustainable In 2016  Quantum Computers: The Emerging Technology That Will Revolutionize The World This technology not only has massive implications for Google but for the entire financial industry as a whole.

Central banks, governments and major aerospace firms already employ the technology on a exploratory basis, but financial researchers/directors see massive potential for portfolio optimization in the vein of HFT trading.

The ability to solve complex, dynamic problems that would take classical computers tens of thousands of years in mere seconds - this has been the promise of quantum computing. The theories and ideas behind quantum computing have been around for decades, but now, Google (GOOG; GOOGL) is starting to demonstrate concrete progress in the quest for a practical quantum annealer that could revolutionize the entire world.

Quantum Annealing w/ "D-Wave 2x" vs SA & QMC

"We are optimistic that the significant runtime gains we have found will carry over to commercially relevant problems as they occur in tasks relevant to machine intelligence." - Hartmut Neven

On December 8th, after an event at the NASA Ames campus in California, in a post titled When Can Quantum Annealing Win?, Hartmut Neven, Director of Engineering at Google's Quantum AI Lab, explained on the Google Research Blog how the team was coming closer to demonstrating the practical application of quantum computing technology. Compared to classical simulated annealing and another quantum hardware algorithm "QMC" (Quantum Monte Carlo), the D-Wave 2X quantum tunneling technology performs far better by many orders of magnitude. The device performs better by a factor of over 108 with ~99% success probability than both classical and optimized QMC methods on a single core processor. While the technology still has further hurdles to cross, such as faster cluster finding techniques, the Quantum AI team is confident that the next generation of D-Wave quantum annealers will be able to surpass all known algorithms and quantum hardware.

(A full paper on computational value of finite range tunneling can be found here.)

(Source: Hartmut Neven, Director of Engineering; Quantum AI Lab)

Technological Features of D-Wave 2x Quantum Annealer

On August 20th, D-Wave Systems announced the D-Wave 2X available for immediate shipment and installation. At a cost estimated at about ~$10M, it would set any major firm back a pretty penny and while the immediate practical applications are limited, the possibilities are endless.

(Source: D-Wave Systems)

The newest model features:

Scaling beyond 1000+ qubits

Operating temperature below 15 mK, near absolute zero, and 180x colder than interstellar space

Over 128k Josephson tunnel junctions

Increased control circuitry precision

50% reduction in intrinsic noise

All of these major technological advancements in the device contribute to faster performance and enhanced reliability. Compared to older models which were slower than general-purpose optimization software, the new system is faster than even highly tuned heuristic algorithms and can evaluate 21000 possible solutions simultaneously. Along with NASA, Google has a stake in seeing these devices succeed.

Implications for the Financial Sector

Much research has already gone into the possible commercial applications of quantum annealers in major industries like aerospace, defense, meteorological, etc.. In fact, a number of mega firms currently utilize the technology for R&D, including Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), IBM (NYSE:IBM) and even Alibaba Group Holdings (NYSE:BABA). Much like how the advent of algorithmic, high-frequency digital trading shook up the financial world in favor of large institutions who could afford the technology, the same could be said for this new quantum technology, but now on an unprecedented scale.

To illustrate just how important financial firms are taking these developments in quantum computing, D-Wave Systems recently raised over $130M, with Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS) simply handing the company its own investment capital up front. CME Group (NASDAQ:CME), the largest futures exchange group, along with the Royal Bank of Scotland (NYSE:RBS) and Guggenheim, also have invested in the company. Although spokespersons for both Goldman Sachs and CME have been tight-lipped, declining to comment on what the companies exactly plan to do the technology, the assumption is clear.

In a recent paper by researchers from quantum software firm 1QBit, Guggenheim Partners, NYU Courant Institute and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, the researchers consider how the technology can be used to solve "optimal trading trajectory" for multiple time-steps across a wide range of assets, i.e. frequent portfolio management. Currently, asset managers for large firms typically still rely on their own intuition to allocate assets and make portfolio management decisions on a day-to-day basis, using the historical data and technical forecasts fed to classical computers, transaction costs, etc. to determine the best course of action. A quantum computing method could perform all of those simulations on a day-to-day basis, thereby freeing up asset managers, bankers, etc., to focus on larger-scale capital trends and movements. While the current size of problems the annealers can solve is small, the researchers expect the technology to be able to solve for larger financial systems and with greater accuracy in future generations.

((Left) base portfolio optimization formula; (right) results using various encoding methods and quantum annealer.)

Conclusion - Implications for Google?

From self-driving cars to virtual reality, Google is positioning itself to be the industry leader in Silicon Valley technology. What remains to be seen is how exactly this quantum computing technology could translate to, for example, higher revenue, better algorithms, more partnerships, etc., for Google itself, and I'm sure Google's engineers and analysts themselves are still trying to figure out how exactly this fast-growing technology will benefit the company financially. No one, not even futurists, expected quantum computing to reach this level of advancement so fast yet, but that is the nature of technology - exponentiality. But one thing is for certain - this technology will revolutionize not only the computing world but all of mankind.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Alphabet Will Use Virtual And Augmented Reality For Life-Like Virtual Advertising Alphabet is betting on Virtual and Augmented Reality, and Google Glass AR viewer has been revived as Project Aura this year.

Other VR/AR projects include the low cost VR viewer Cardboard, the Project Soli interface technology, and a strategic investment in the secretive Florida AR startup Magic Leap.

Currently 89% of Alphabet's revenue comes from advertising.

It seems likely that Alphabet will be able to carry its very successful business model into AR and become a leader in virtual advertising.

In September Amigobulls reported that Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG) is accelerating its efforts to develop wearable technology and reviving Google Glass as Project Aura. Now Alphabet, the new holding company that became Google's parent company after the recent restructuring, is continuing to bet on visionary futurist projects in a wide range of sectors including including Virtual Reality (VR) and Augmented Reality (AR).

VR technology exploits headsets and other interface devices to place the user in a virtual world with full 360-degree visual and auditory immersion, which permits creating uniquely compelling video-games, VR movies, and next generation theme park experiences. In contrast, AR technology augments the user's perception of the real world with virtual annotations, such as street maps and directions, through interface devices like Google Glass.

Some VR and AR initiatives were presented at the annual Google I/O event in June. Google Cardboard is a simple, low-cost head mounted VR viewer, powered by any smartphone, with stereoscopic display and on-board accelerometer. The expected renaissance of the VR market, triggered by high-end devices like the Oculus Rift, could create a niche for low-cost viewers based on Cardboard technology as well. But Alphabet's ambition in the VR and AR sectors aims much higher.

Project Soli, a futuristic "moonshot" project, is developing a radar sensor on-a-chip for precise detection of hand and finger motion, with associated interpretation software. Once fully developed, the project, described by Business Insider as  straight out of a science fiction movie,  could spearhead a new user-interface paradigm based on free hand and finger motion in 3D.

Perhaps the most ambitious of Alphabet's projects in VR and AR is the company's investment in Magic Leap, a secretive Florida AR startup that is developing a new VR/AR headset and related technologies. The company raised $542 million in October 2014 and $827 million last week. Google led the first funding round, and Google's CEO Sundar Pichai sits on the Magic Leap board.

"Magic Leap is bringing physics, biology, code, and design together to build a system that is going to blow doors open for people who create things," said science fiction writer Neal Stephenson, considered as one of the founding fathers of VR, who was hired by Magic Leap as Chief Futurist. "Anyone who reads, watches, studies, or plays on screens today is going to enjoy and benefit from the results. I've never seen or heard of a company that brings scientists, engineers, and artists together in the way that Magic Leap is doing and I'm excited to be part of it."

TechCrunch notes that the VR/AR push is not a visionary moonshot with yet unclear aims, but fits perfectly in Alphabet's existing business strategy. 89 percent per cent of Alphabet's revenue comes from advertising. The company "might like you to think of it as an alphabetic spectrum of moonshot technology bets - whether that s hacking death, accelerating life science research, building autonomous cars or making terrifying robots - but at base Google s business is all about profiling people for ad delivery. So its business model is all about your eyeballs."

In fact, life-like virtual ads could represent the future of advertising. In a world where always-on connected users spend more and more time wearing AR interface devices like Google Glass and live in a "mixed reality" that seamlessly blends the real and the virtual, there will be countless opportunities to deliver visually compelling ads that really catch the attention of the viewers.

Some companies will exaggerate with overly invasive and annoying virtual ads, but Google is skilled in minimally invasive forms of advertising, and its Artificial Intelligence (AI) powered techniques to profile consumers and deliver personalized ads that matter to them is second to none. It seems likely, therefore, that Alphabet will be able to carry its very successful business model into AR and become a leader in virtual advertising, with a positive impact on its stock in the mid-term. How Nest aims to own your smart home Enlarge Image Nest

Alphabet, the mama-bird parent company of Google, is hoping 2016 is the year Nest leaves the, well, you know what.

Nest, which makes thermostats, smoke detectors and security cameras that connect to the Web, has operated pretty much independently since Google bought the company in 2013. And that was before the company formerly known as Google pulled apart its various divisions to turn them into individual companies.

So while the pieces of Alphabet will begin the new year figuring out how to brand their websites or set up marketing plans, Nest can hit the ground running with its audacious but often understated mission: making the smart home a reality for you and me, and not just the muckety-mucks in Silicon Valley.

For Nest, the key to owning the smart-home market involves more than just selling you a thermostat or smoke detector (although it would very much like for you to buy those, too). Its ambition rests on making sure all your Web-connected products can communicate and interact with one another. For example, if your Nest security system senses someone lurking, it can tell your Internet-connected lights to switch on. The dream is digital, domestic nirvana.

"It's not about whiz-bang party tricks," said Greg Hu, who heads the Works With Nest program, the software initiative that wants to create inter-device harmony. Instead, it's about creating interactions that can save you money or keep you safer, he said.

The company launched the Works With Nest program last year. In October, it introduced Weave, software that allows devices to communicate with one another. About 12,500 developers are already part of the program, said Hu. Between 70 and 80 products -- from companies including Logitech and security system maker ADT -- work with Nest devices.

The program will be one of Nest's biggest priorities next year.

There's good reason for that. The promise is huge. Research firm Gartner says that in 2016, 5.5 million new things will become Internet-connected every day.

But we're not there yet. People are starting to get interested in a system of smart devices for their homes, but few have them. In 2014, 34 percent of US consumers said they'd like to have a digital system to control all the lights in their house, according to Forrester Research, but only 1 percent actually had a system and only 2 percent had tried a digitally remote-controlled energy management system.

"We're going to see a [move] toward an ecosystem," said Brian Solis, an analyst at the Altimeter Group. "Suddenly everything would be interconnected and controllable for Nest."

That's great for the Works With Nest program, assuming device makers don't mind cozying up to Nest. If, say, the manufacturer of a Web-connected lighting system allows its software to be compatible with Nest's, who's to say Nest couldn't turn around and make its own lighting system?

That hasn't been a problem, Hu said, because Nest is selective about the kinds of devices it makes, meaning most companies shouldn't worry about Nest treading on their territory.

"I think a lot of manufacturers know Nest isn't going to make a fridge," said Hu.

Maybe, but the big question for 2016 is which device will Nest release next? Hu is mum about what it could be, but analysts have their guesses. Frank Gillett, an analyst at Forrester who covers the smart-home market, speculates it could be a sensor to detect water leakage. That would certainly fit in with Nest's aim to save you money and keep you safe. But again, the company won't say.

Either way, Nest is hoping that next year the smart-home market will finally take flight. Will Any of These Companies Actually Buy GoPro Inc.? Amid GoPro's (NASDAQ:GPRO) 70% decline over the past year, there has been rampant speculation that the action-camera maker could be acquired by a larger company.

Supporters of a buyout argue that GoPro's brand remains strong, its social media base is valuable, and that its stock trades at just 13 times forward earnings -- a discount compared to its expected five-year annual earnings growth rate of 23%. Its market cap of $2.6 billion is only moderately higher than its projected 2015 revenue of $1.7 billion.

The bears argue that GoPro is a one-trick pony, that cheaper action cameras and better smartphone cameras will marginalize its devices, and that its forward estimates are based on overly bullish forecasts. Nonetheless, tech investors should understand the buyout case for GoPro, and recognize the most likely suitors for the company.

Alphabet

Earlier this year, Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google partnered with GoPro to create a 16-camera VR rig called Odyssey. The $15,000 rig can be used to film 360-degree videos for YouTube through Google's Jump platform. These 360-degree videos can be viewed by moving the mobile device or by using Google Cardboard.

While the Odyssey might seem designed for a niche market, tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital estimates that the global VR market's total value could surge to $30 billion by 2020, thanks to growing interest in VR games, experiences, and films. To reach more mainstream users, GoPro plans to launch a smaller six-camera rig, the Spherical, at a lower $3,000 price tag. Back in April, GoPro also acquired French start-up Kolor, which stitches together videos to create panoramic VR videos which can be shared and viewed through its mobile app and Cardboard.

GoPro's YouTube channel, which has over 3.5 million subscribers, already showcases numerous Google Jump videos. Therefore, it might be logical for Google to buy GoPro's cameras and digital platform as its "VR launchpad."

Facebook

Shortly after Google and GoPro started launching 360-degree videos, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) added similar GoPro-produced videos to its News Feed. Since Facebook revolutionized how people share photos and videos online, upgrading to 360-degree videos would seem like a logical next step.

Those 360-degree videos also complement Facebook's $2 billion purchase of Oculus VR, since the Oculus Rift headset can already be used to watch 360-degree videos. When CEO Mark Zuckerberg initially announced the Oculus acquisition, he stated that the Rift would initially be marketed as an "immersive gaming" device before becoming "a platform for many other experiences" like remote teaching, telehealth, or attending live events. Simply put, Facebook could evolve beyond its blue and white walls and into a VR world where people can virtually interact with each other.

But for Facebook's plan to work, it needs a capture device to stream 360-degree video back to the Rift. Samsung demonstrated this connection earlier this year by streaming a baby's live birth to a father wearing a VR headset 2,500 miles away. If Facebook buys GoPro's VR rigs and shrinks them down to more affordable cube-like devices, it could simultaneously enhance its News Feed and Oculus VR businesses.





Apple

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has notably lagged behind Google and Facebook in the VR market. The company has made multiple AR and VR acquisitions and filed related patents, but it hasn't unveiled any first-party products or services yet. Apple has also expressed interest in the action camera market on two occasions. First, it filed a patent to make one in January. Second, it launched a "Shot on iPhone 6" gallery earlier this year to showcase GoPro-like shots being taken on the iPhone.

While those moves indicate that Apple might launch an "Apple Cam," it might be easier for Apple to simply buy GoPro to inherit its media base and VR partnerships. GoPro's action cameras and upcoming Karma drone could also help Apple diversify its top line away from the iPhone. FBR & Co. analyst Dan Ives, who suggests that a GoPro acquisition "makes sense", noted that "action cameras are uniquely positioned at the intersection of Apple's smartphones, wearables, and multimedia offerings".

In a previous article, I argued that buying GoPro wouldn't be that different from buying Beats. Both companies had strong brands, appealed to niche markets, and had growing digital ecosystems. Apple was willing to pay $3 billion for Beats, so it might do the same for GoPro.

But don't wait for a white knight

It's possible that Alphabet, Facebook, or Apple might eventually use their pocket change to buy GoPro, but investors shouldn't hold their breath.

Alphabet and Facebook could let the VR camera market evolve, then reap the benefits of a commoditized market without actually selling any cameras. Apple could simply make its own action camera or drone, since its brand is strong enough on its own. Therefore, GoPro investors should fully understand the bull and bear cases for the stock instead of holding out for a white knight "hero." Firms to face stiff fines under new EU data protection law A lock icon, signifying an encrypted Internet connection, is seen on an Internet Explorer browser in a photo illustration in Paris April 15, 2014. REUTERS/Mal Langsdon

BRUSSELS The European Union agreed on a sweeping overhaul of fragmented data protection laws on Tuesday that will force companies to report data breaches and face huge fines for misusing personal data.

The new law enables EU national authorities to levy fines of up to 4 percent of revenues on firms breaking the law, which could mean billions of dollars for big tech companies like Alphabet Inc's Google, Microsoft Corp and Facebook Inc.

Member states and EU lawmakers have been negotiating since June to reach a compromise on the reform, which was proposed by the executive European Commission almost four years ago to replace a patchwork of national laws dating back to the 1990s.

Politicians hailed what they called a "breakthrough."

"Today everything is digital so we need rules for an enormous amount of issues and those rules have to be applicable, they have to be sensitive, they have to understandable for every normal user," said Felix Braz, minister of justice of Luxembourg, which holds the rotating EU presidency and therefore led the negotiations on behalf of member states.

Under the new data protection regulation, companies will face tighter restrictions on how they reuse Europeans' data, something that will be of concern particularly to tech companies that hold swathes of personal information and use it for advertising.

Privacy concerns over where data is stored and how it is used are rife in Europe, especially after former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden revealed how U.S. authorities harvested information directly from tech companies like Apple Inc and Microsoft.

Companies will have to report breaches that are likely to harm individuals to national authorities within 72 hours, something legal experts expect will reveal the true scale of data breaches in Europe.

Seeking to make operating across the 28-country EU easier for companies, the new law establishes a single regulator for multi-nationals in the country where they have their European headquarters, the so-called "one-stop-shop."

However, uncertainty over how national data protection authorities will be able to cooperate will lead to years of litigation, lawyers say.

"This will come, it cannot be avoided," said J rg Hladjk, a lawyer at Hunton & Williams.

RIGHT TO BE FORGOTTEN

Businesses will have to get people's "explicit" consent to use their data - something they have said is unwieldy when dealing with huge sets of data - and appoint a data protection officer to oversee privacy issues.

The regulation also enshrines the "right to be forgotten" giving EU citizens the right to have obsolete information about them deleted from the web, an issue that generated heated debate last year when Google was ordered to scrub search results appearing under a person's name.

Teenagers under 16 wishing to sign up for social networks like Facebook and Twitter Inc will be able to do so only with their parents' permission, unless individual countries opt out and lower the threshold to 13.

Tuesday's agreement also includes a law protecting personal data shared between law enforcement authorities.

The agreement is subject to final endorsement by both the European Parliament and EU member states, expected by early next week.

(Additional reporting by Alissa de Carbonnel in Strasbourg, France; Editing by Barbara Lewis, Susan Thomas, Larry King and Lisa Shumaker) How a 'digital surge' can help beat Islamic State Islamic State is the first terrorist group to control territory in both the digital and physical worlds. It has been particularly effective at using its digital operations to enable its physical ones   most notably, recruiting fighters online to perpetuate attacks such as those in Paris and Beirut, but also undermining its enemies' morale in Syria and Iraq using social media. In 2014 and early 2015, Islamic State's fighters were regularly outnumbered 10 to 1 on the battlefield, yet their online reputations were so inflated that opposing armies were reportedly terrified to face them.

To wage a digital counterinsurgency, we need to understand the structure of this enemy's digital army.

Engaging on the digital front is integral to defeating Islamic State. Its digital operations are so extensive that the multinational coalition against Islamic State should launch a comprehensive, digital counterinsurgency.

Call it a digital surge. Like a military surge, which involves sharp increase in troops and weaponry on the ground, a digital surge would boost the number and scope of initiatives that target each of this enemy's online tactics.

Right now, most analyses of the digital Islamic State go only as far as explaining that it leverages social media platforms. Yet listing apps   Kik, Wickr or Telegram   isn't illuminating; it's analogous to saying Islamic State has fighters in cities such as Mosul, Raqqah or Dair Alzour. Such specificity fails to explain how the group maintains control over its territory, or how it could be deposed.

To wage a digital counterinsurgency, we need to understand the structure of this enemy's digital army. Unlike Al Qaeda's cluster of isolated cells, Islamic State is centralized. Its hierarchy, in fact, resembles a corporate pyramid: Leaders set its ideological agenda, a managerial layer oversees implementation, and a large body of  employees  does the heavy lifting.

Online, this hierarchy consists of four types of digital fighters. At the top sits a digital central command, which gives orders and provides resources to create videos, images and other propaganda. This content is then distributed by a network of digital  lieutenants.  Radical sympathizers who help these lieutenants, though they are not directly affiliated with Islamic State, represent the third type of digital fighter.

Finally, there are the bots: Nonhuman fighters, powered by software applications that automate the distribution of Islamic State's messages. By repeatedly sharing and retweeting, bots flood the digital landscape with propaganda, helping Islamic State appear far more influential than it really is.

Recapturing this digital territory requires targeting each of these types of digital soldiers. Accounts belonging to the digital  central command  should be identified and suspended, just as we would capture militants in the physical world.

Next, deter the digital lieutenants and their sympathizers. Law enforcement has had some success identifying would-be perpetrators of terrorist attacks using their public activity on social media. As such news stories emerge, being an active supporter of Islamic State online will become more personally risky. Without the lieutenants' direction and sympathizers' man-hours, the bots become drastically less effective and don't pop up again as readily after technology companies remove them.

We can also divert potential fighters' attention away from Islamic State propaganda with counter-narratives crafted to strategically address different audiences. For example, disaffected youth might be dissuaded from radicalization by initiatives that provide a sense of belonging, and that highlight how other young people have suffered on Islamic State's battlefield.

The point is that we need multiple concurrent offensives to retake and hold the digital battleground.

Though a new concept, surging in the digital realm would be far less costly or risky than a military surge. Islamic State is already at a disadvantage: It does not own the platforms. And the values of the tech companies that build these platforms and the vast majority of people who use them are diametrically opposed to Islamic State's ideology of violence.

Still, defeating Islamic State's digital army can't be achieved by the private or nonprofit sector, nor by any single government in isolation. It will require a multi-stakeholder coalition.

If successful, however, a digital surge will drive Islamic State into the online equivalent of a remote cave: the so-called Dark Web that is not indexed by mainstream search engines. When its propaganda becomes difficult to find, the organization will struggle to spread its message or lure new recruits.

Although Islamic State has carried out deadly attacks across the physical world, it has yet to produce similarly devastating cyberattacks. If we get ahead of its digital capabilities, we also may be able to prevent it from using digital tools to cause widespread devastation. Indeed, learning how to combat terrorism online today is vital to reducing the terrorist threats of the future.

Jared Cohen is the founder and director of Google Ideas and an advisor to the executive chairman of Alphabet Inc.

Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion and Facebook 
2015-11-18
Alphabet Inc Killing Chrome: Is This a Greater Threat to Apple Inc or ... We tend to overestimate the effect of a technology in the short run and underestimate the effect in the long run.

-- Roy Amara

Amara, a noted technology researcher, is best known for his eponymous law, a statement that I find rings true the longer I write about technology and the companies and stocks bringing innovation to market.

On reading about Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) decision to kill its Chrome desktop operating system late last month, I couldn't help being reminded of Amara's wise words. Because while Alphabet's move might seem small in isolation, it could hold major implications for the future balance of power in desktop computing, a dynamic that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) investors will want to watch closely.

Au revior, Chrome OS

Several weeks ago, word surfaced that Alphabet plans to combine its relatively unknown Chrome desktop computer operating system into its dominant Android mobile OS, according to people familiar with the company's thinking.

Although this news might sound small-scale at first glance, the news represents the culmination of two years of private engineering efforts on the part of Google's engineering teams. And more importantly, it sends a clear signal regarding Alphabet's long-term strategy in expanding Google's presence from a provider of some of the most indispensable products today -- search, maps, and so on -- into the dominant computing platform in the world, if it wasn't already.

The strategy appears to involve having Alphabet "back-door" or leverage its utter dominance of its Android mobile operating system as a channel to create an equally formidable presence in desktop computing. As emerging market smartphone growth has favored low-cost devices powered by Google's free Android OS, Alphabet's death grip on the market for smartphone software has only solidified in recent years.

However, owing to the outsized influence of Microsoft and, to a lesser extent, Apple, the Chrome OS has been stymied in its efforts to gain market share since its retail debut in 2011. According to research firm IDC, Chrome OS holds less than 3% of the total desktop market.

This fusing of operating systems will take some time, though. Alphabet has said Google will bring the first Android desktop computers to market in 2017, although demos should begin at some point next year. Either way, this news should pique the interest of Apple and Microsoft shareholders.

Bigger threat to Apple Or Microsoft?

Although Apple has some skin in the game here, this really represents a serious threat to Microsoft's slowly evolving computing strategy.

For Apple, watching Alphabet create a seamlessly integrated smartphone-to-desktop experience adds to its chief rival's value proposition in both consumer electronics markets. However, Apple's end-to-end hardware and software ecosystem should help inoculate it against Alphabet. In testament to the strength of its ecosystem, the success of the iPhone has helped make Mac sales the lone bright spot in an otherwise gloomy personal computer market in recent years. So again, while this move could crimp Mac sales, Microsoft investors would do well to recognize the move as a material threat to their investment.

Although it has made progress in recent years, Microsoft remains frustratingly dependent on both its Windows desktop OS and Office productivity software to drive the bulk of its financial performance. Though overtaken by cloud services as Microsoft's second-largest reporting segment last year, Windows software still accounted for 19% of Microsoft's 2014 revenue.

Server and cloud products can continue to take up some of the slack, but Microsoft has few answers about how it can continue to monetize its Windows software, especially if Alphabet mirrors its mobile strategy and charges nothing for Google's Android desktop OS.

Again, it isn't immediately clear to what degree this could happen, and it's worth noting that Microsoft isn't without ammunition of its own. Microsoft's biggest weapon is Windows, still a de facto productivity tool the world over. While many corporations remain wedded to Office, new alternatives such as Slack -- which I've said Microsoft should buy -- and Alphabet's suite of free Google Docs could eventually undo Microsoft's stranglehold on productivity software.

As Amara's opening quote implied, Alphabet's forthcoming flanking maneuver on Microsoft in desktop will play out gradually. It could also, at its most extreme, alter the balance of power in the last bastion of computing that Google doesn't dominate already. Microsoft investors, you have been warned. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) And Facebook (FB) Come Together To Simplify Mobile ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has got an opportunity to boost its mobile searches with the inclusion of content from Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB). Initially though, Alphabet will only be able to surface mobile search on select Facebook content   almost the same content as it already delivered through desktop search. For Facebook, the deal with Alphabet for mobile search will boost traffic to its site.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) and Facebook have apparently put their competition aside in efforts to make search more meaningful for mobile users. For Alphabet, an opportunity has come up to index Facebook content for its mobile users. Initially, Google searches will show information about public Facebook profiles and other content such as Groups, Pages and Events. The service will initially be available for Android smartphone users.

Deep linking

To further simplify mobile search for Facebook, users will be able to be directed to a specific place within the Facebook app if they click on a link.

What Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) and Facebook have done is implement Deep Linking. In deep linking, clicking a link opens up specific pieces of information, thus making a mobile search more useful. Alphabet has been persuading developers to adopt deep linking to increase the discovery of their app.

As much as it is important in adding value to mobile searches, deep linking is never easy for developers to implement. It is said that deep linking to search engines can take as much as 5% of the time it requires to create an app from scratch.

Free mobile traffic

By tapping into Alphabet s mobile search engine, Facebook is setting the stage for an influx of free traffic. Increased traffic is important for Facebook s subscriber acquisition and advertising business. Interestingly, Alphabet and Facebook are competing for digital advertising dollars.

However, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) and Facebook have tended to drift closer to each other. It recently emerged that Facebook was compelling its product engineers to use Android phones instead of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s iPhones. Perhaps the companies have realized that working closely is better for their collective benefit. Microsoft Joins the Push for Universal Internet Access On Sunday, Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) launched a fund for startups with plans to bring internet access to the approximately four billion people who currently lack it. For two months, the company will accept applications from companies with two or more full-time employees, a working prototype and, ideally, paying customers. It will provide around $75,000 on average to companies with scalable, commercial solutions for providing low-cost cloud services to  underserved markets. 

This is not Microsoft s first attempt to expand global connectivity. Nor is it the only tech giant working towards that goal. Facebook Inc. (FB) and Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) are both working on what the latter calls  cell towers in the sky  to help expand local telecoms  reach through stratospheric drones (in Facebook s case) and balloons (in Alphabet s). Facebook has supplemented this commercial effort with a free app, which provides access to a few sites.

Microsoft

Microsoft. Shutterstock photo

In addition to the newly announced fund, Microsoft s Affordable Access Initiative has explored the use of TV white spaces, or idle frequencies, to provide internet access at a low cost. As of June, Microsoft and its partners had tested the technology in a number of countries. In Nepal and the Philippines, the company was able  to rapidly deploy ad hoc networks in response to natural disasters.  The bandwidth is sufficient for Skype (acquired by Microsoft in 2011); the energy needs are modest enough for solar power; and the infrastructure costs a tenth of what LTE infrastructure does.

When India s Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Silicon Valley in September, Microsoft s CEO Satya Nadella pledged to bring internet access to half a million villages using white space technology, while other tech luminaries made similarly ambitious promises. But for all the apparent advantages of Microsoft s approach, competition over TV frequencies might make it difficult in practice.

On November 9, the Broadband India Forum (BIF) sent a letter to telecom seretary Rakesh Garg asking him to ensure that frequencies would be apportioned through an open auction, not given away for free (by implication, to Microsoft). BIF represents Vodafone Group PLC (VOD), Qualcomm Inc. (QCOM), Ericsson (ERIC), Intel Corp. (INTC), Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (MRVL), UTStarcom Holdings Corp. (UTSI) and a number of local companies.

Alphabet

Google. Shutterstock photo.

Characteristically, Alphabet has opted for a more extravagant solution than staid, Washington-based Microsoft. The name for the Google X  moonshot  to deploy LTE-transmitting hot air balloons, Project Loon, is itself an acknowledgement of the idea s improbability. But Rich DeVaul, the division s  rapid evaluator,  couldn t find a reason to kill the project and not for lack of trying. Tests in New Zealand and elsewhere have shown that the balloons have potential.

The technology works by extending the networks of local telecoms (Vodafone in the case of New Zealand), with each balloon bouncing a tower s signal to an area with an approximately 40km radius. This has led the company to refer to them as  cell towers in the sky.  Connection speeds are around 10 mbps, comparable to 4G in some markets. Since the balloons can also bounce signals to other balloons, the coverage area is potentially much wider. Navigating in the stratosphere, the balloons can stay aloft for an average of three months and a record of six.

In October, Alphabet announced that it would partner with Indonesian telecoms with the goal of bringing internet access to 100 million Indonesians. Similar plans were announced for Sri Lanka in July. Mike Cassidy, Project Loon s vice president, told the BBC that one of his goals is to deploy 300 balloons by 2016; that would be enough to form a continuous ring around the earth  our first,  as Cassidy describes it and provide uninterrupted coverage in some regions.

Facebook

Facebook. Shutterstock photo.

Facebook has also set its eyes on the stratosphere, but via an enormous solar-powered drone, rather than balloons. Aquila, as the company calls it, has the wingspan of a 737 but weighs as much as a small car. Cruising for three months at a time, it will beam local telecoms  signals to areas with a radius of approximately 50km, with data rates of 10 gbps. Aside from the much faster data speeds, the idea seems to be substantially the same as Project Loon.

But that is not Facebook s only approach to the problem. It also offers an app in conjunction with the Internet.org project, called Free Basics, which provides acces to a limited number of approved services for free. Unlike the other efforts mentioned here, which are commerical, Internet.org is a non-profit; led by Facebook, its other members are Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd., Ericsson, MediaTek Inc, Opera Software ASA, Nokia Corp. (NOK) and Qualcomm. In 2016, Internet.org will launch a satellite in partnership with French telecom Eutelsat SA to provide Free Basics to large parts of sub-Saharan Africa.

In markets where Free Basics is already available, however, the service has come under fire for violating net neutrality. The practice of offering certain services which Facebook chooses for free while any other data is charged at the normal rate is referred to as  zero rating.  Advocates of net neutrality argue that this practice divides traffic into  fast  and  slow lanes  and compromises the open, democratic nature of the internet.

In an open letter to Facebook, a number of organizations accused the company of  building a walled garden in which the world's poorest people will only be able to access a limited set of insecure websites and services.  They stressed that Free Basics (then known simply as Internet.org) was not  the full Internet  and expressed the concern that  new users could get stuck on a separate and unequal path to Internet connectivity, which will serve to widen not narrow the digital divide.  They also raised questions about data collection and use, as well as security.

Facebook s CEO Mark Zuckerberg responded:  If someone can t afford to pay for connectivity, it is always better to have some access than none at all.  He did not address issues of security or data collections.

Connecting the World

The benefits to tech giants of connecting another two, three or four billion people to the internet are clear enough. Consumers in poor, rural markets that lack infrastructure and, in many cases, stable government will not generate the same ad revenues and licensing fees as First World urbanites, but they make up for it through sheer numbers. Also, consumers  access to improved information and communication may itself boost incomes and increase government accountability. The internet is not the panacea Silicon Valley entrepreneurs think it is, but it s a start.

Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) is conspicuously absent from this push to connect the world. Given that most of its revenue still comes from e-commerce, this is not terribly surprising. Even in markets with moderate internet penetration, such as some Southeast Asian economies, regulation, language barriers, reliance on cash and poor infrastructure make e-commerce difficult.

The temptation may be to pick a winner. Will it be Alphabet s balloons? Facebook s drones and free, walled-garden internet? Microsoft s TV white spaces and other, yet-to-be-funded projects? In truth, it doesn t matter. As long as at least one of these solutions extends internet access to another few billion people, the rising tide will lift all boats (Internet.org s Free Basics being the exception, since it s not a full internet connection). The risk that these projects  costs about which we know almost nothing will strain companies  finances seems negligible.

In a way, the push for universal internet access is like the space race. It s expensive, but nothing compared to more accustomed, conventional expenses. It s grandiose, extravagant, and as much an exercise in branding as a practical investment. Finally the payoff, if there is one, comes way down the road, but has the potential to be enormous. The 20 Most-Wanted Internships While students want to work for the biggest name-brand companies, it's wise to investigate how much career flexibility an internship allows.

The benefits of a great internship are manifold. They can be entry points to competitive industries and give access to valuable professional networks. At the very least, internships get you in the door. The door most students want to walk through? Google's.

Interning at the search giant, now a part of multinational conglomerate Alphabet, Inc., is the most desirable summer gig for students, according to a just-released ranking of prestigious internships by Vault, a website that researches and ranks companies.

When Matthew Reardon, a second-year MBA at the University of Michigan's Ross School of Business, was offered an internship last summer at Google's Mountain View, Calif., headquarters, he accepted right away even though the internship was in sales, and he wanted to work in strategy.

"Google was my top pick," he said. "I knew it was more of a sales job, but I wanted to give it a shot, anyway."

Vault surveyed 5,800 undergraduate and graduate interns in North America, who rated 60 companies on how much they wanted to work there. The top 10 included Apple and Facebook, as well as Goldman Sachs and J.P. Morgan.

Google's name "carries a lot of weight," said Derek Loosvelt, senior finance editor at Vault. Glossy perks also help. Second-most-desirable internship company Apple gives interns free products, he said. But interns may not be so easily swayed by shiny new toys. "When we ask interns to tell us why they are accepting full-time offers, they seem to care most about the training and mentoring opportunities," said Loosvelt.

Financial services companies are still strong r sum -builders, but notoriously punishing work hours have made them less sexy, said Loosvelt.

Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter.

Trisha Chakraborty, who interned at JPMorgan Chase for two consecutive summers, said she worked from eight in the morning to eight in the evening, plus regular weekends and nights. But her internship allowed her to rotate through different positions and learn about different parts of the company. "I wanted to be here because of the brand, but also because they give you access to the diverse nature of JPMorgan Chase's businesses. I could essentially pursue any job within financial services at one firm."

"Even if it's not your dream job," said Chakraborty, "if you make yourself known, people will give you those dream opportunities."

The 20 most prestigious companies to intern for, based on Vault's survey, are below.

1. Google

2. Apple

3. Goldman Sachs

4. Facebook

5. J.P. Morgan

6. Microsoft

7. Tesla Motors

8. Morgan Stanley

9. Walt Disney

10. Twitter

11. McKinsey & Co.

12. NIKE

13. Berkshire Hathaway

14. Boston Consulting Group

15. PwC (PricewaterhouseCoopers)

16. Amazon.com.

17. IBM

18. Bain & Co.

19. Deloitte

20. ESPN

Watch Next: Where Do MBA Grads Want to Work Now? 
2015-03-02
Exclusive: Obama sharply criticizes China's plans for new technology rules WASHINGTON President Barack Obama on Monday sharply criticized China's plans for new rules on U.S. tech companies, urging Beijing to change the policy if it wants to do business with the United States and saying he had raised it with President Xi Jinping.

In an interview with Reuters, Obama said he was concerned about Beijing's plans for a far-reaching counterterrorism law that would require technology firms to hand over encryption keys, the passcodes that help protect data, and install security "backdoors" in their systems to give Chinese authorities surveillance access.

"This is something that I ve raised directly with President Xi," Obama said. "We have made it very clear to them that this is something they are going to have to change if they are to do business with the United States."

The Chinese government sees the rules as crucial to protect state and business secrets. Western companies say they reinforce increasingly onerous terms of doing business in the world's second-largest economy and heighten mistrust over cybersecurity between Washington and Beijing.

A Chinese parliamentary body read a second draft of the country's first anti-terrorism law last week and is expected to adopt the legislation in the coming weeks or months.

The initial draft, published by the National People's Congress late last year, requires companies to also keep servers and user data within China, supply law enforcement authorities with communications records and censor terrorism-related Internet content.

The laws "would essentially force all foreign companies, including U.S. companies, to turn over to the Chinese government mechanisms where they can snoop and keep track of all the users of those services," Obama said.

"As you might imagine tech companies are not going to be willing to do that," he said.

The scope of the rules reaches far beyond a recently adopted set of financial industry regulations that pushed Chinese banks to purchase from domestic technology vendors.

The implications for Silicon Valley companies, ranging from Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) to Apple Inc (AAPL.O), have set the stage for yet another confrontation over cybersecurity and technology policy, a major irritant in U.S.-China relations.

Obama said the rules could also backfire on China.

"Those kinds of restrictive practices I think would ironically hurt the Chinese economy over the long term because I don t think there is any U.S. or European firm, any international firm, that could credibly get away with that wholesale turning over of data, personal data, over to a government," he said.

A U.S. official told Reuters last week that the Obama administration has conveyed its concerns about the anti-terrorism draft law to China.

REGULATORY PRESSURE

Although the counterterrorism provisions would apply to both domestic and foreign technologies, officials in Washington and Western business lobbies argue the law, combined with the new banking rules and a slew of anti-trust investigations, amount to unfair regulatory pressure targeting foreign companies.

To be sure, Western governments, including in the United States and Britain, have for years requested tech firms to disclose encryption methods, with varying degrees of success.

Officials including FBI director James Comey and National Security Agency (NSA) director Mike Rogers publicly warned Internet companies including Apple and Google late last year against using encryption that law enforcement cannot break.

Beijing has argued the need to quickly ratchet up its cybersecurity measures in the wake of former NSA contractor Edward Snowden's revelations of sophisticated U.S. spying techniques.

China is drafting the anti-terrorism law at a time when Chinese leaders say the country faces a serious threat from religious extremists and separatists. Hundreds of people have been killed over the past two years in the far-western region of Xinjiang in unrest the government has blamed on Islamists who want to establish a separate state called East Turkestan.

(Writing by Jason Szep; Editing by Grant McCool) NXP to buy Freescale Semiconductor to create $40 billion co The logo of Freescale Semiconductor Inc is seen at the entrance of the plant in Toulouse, southwestern France, April 24, 2009. REUTERS/Jean-Philippe Arles

NEW YORK Chip maker NXP Semiconductors NV has agreed to buy smaller peer Freescale Semiconductor Ltd and merge operations in a deal valuing the combined company at over $40 billion (26 billion pounds) .

The deal, announced by the pair late on Sunday and first reported by Reuters, will make the business the industry leader within the auto and industrial semiconductor markets.

The transaction is the clearest sign yet that semiconductor companies are regaining the confidence required to pursue big mergers and acquisitions at a time when their major clients, such as mobile phone manufacturers, seek to consolidate suppliers. Freescale also has its chips in consumer products such as Amazon's Kindle e-reader.

The deal is the fourth semiconductor sector M&A deal this year, and the biggest of these by far.

Last month, Avago Technologies said it would buy wireless networking company Emulex Corp for more than $600 million, while MaxLinear said it would buy Entropic Communications Inc for $287 million. In January, Lattice Semiconductor said it would buy Silicon Image for $600 million.

"Financially this deal make sense. By being bigger you limit the impact of the product cycles and volatile end markets," said RBC analyst Doug Freedman.

Freescale shareholders will receive $6.25 in cash and 0.3521 of an NXP share for each Freescale share. The purchase price puts Freescale's value at $11.8 billion, with a total enterprise value of $16.7 billion including debt.

The companies expect the deal to close in the second half this year. NXP will fund the transaction with $1.0 billion of cash from its balance sheet, $1.0 billion of new debt and about 115 million of its shares. Freescale shareholders will own about 32 percent of the combined company.

Based in Eindhoven, the Netherlands, NXP has operations in more than 25 countries and had revenue of $5.7 billion in 2014. Austin, Texas-based Freescale also has operations in more than 25 countries and had net sales of $4.6 billion in 2014.

NXP's portable device and computer business is growing quickly, with its revenue up 46 percent year-on-year to $712 million in 2014. But its bigger automotive and chip identification businesses, which together account for about half of its revenue, grew by only 12 to 13 percent.

Freescale reported adjusted earnings of $1.1 billion in 2014, up from $893 million a year earlier.

Freescale went public in 2011 after being taken private in 2006 for $17.6 billion in a leveraged buyout by a group of private equity firms that included Blackstone Group LP, Carlyle Group LP, Permira Advisers LLC and TPG Capital LP. The buyout firms still own 64 percent of Freescale.

Credit Suisse advised NXP, while Morgan Stanley advised Freescale.

(Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker; Editing by Greg Roumeliotis and Kenneth Maxwell) 
2015-06-18
Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Has a New Delivery Mantra: For the People, By the People Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is almost always looking for new ways to get ahead of its rivals and cut down on ever-rising shipping costs. Its latest mantra to do the same is delivery for the people, by the people! Google Confirms Acquisition Of Agawi, A Specialist In Streaming Native Mobile Apps Native apps have overtaken the web as the main place where smartphone users go for entertainment, information and more. So it should come as no surprise that one of the companies that profits the most from our use of the web is looking for ways to get us to use the it more again. According to The Information, Google last year secretly acquired a startup called Agawi, which had developed technology to use and stream mobile apps over the web without downloading them first, used in applications like in-app adds to preview and promote gaming apps.

Google confirmed the deal directly to TechCrunch in a terse note.  The Agawi team has joined Google. We aren t sharing other details,  a spokesperson said.

Before the confirmation, there were several clues that pointed to it being correct. Agawi itself is no longer a live business: its web site is dead (kind of ironically), and its various Twitter accounts have not been updated since 2013.

There are three former Agawi employees now listed as working at Google on LinkedIn, all software engineers, including co-founder Rohan Relan. Two other co-founders, Peter Relan (who had been the executive chairman) and Rajat Gupta (the CEO) do not include Google in their LinkedIn resumes.

The Information describes Google s move to buy Agawi and integrate its technology as part of the search giant s larger efforts to get people back to using the web, and specifically away from downloading apps in order to enjoy content. But a lot of the numbers about how Google has developed its own apps platform, Android Play, don t seem to support this. For example, the company has paid out $7 billion to developers and has more than 1 million apps in its store.

There is nevertheless a pretty clear reason why Google would want to swing more attention to apps and how they might be consumed over the web: it makes the majority of its revenues from web searches and the ads that run against them.

Efforts like Apple s new deep-link-based search in iOS 9 pose a threat to Google s core business model because provides an alternative way to find content within apps that do not use Google or the web.

Google has of course worked on ways of building out its apps business, including search in native apps: it s enhanced its own deep-linked apps service, with some 50 billion links within apps now indexed to be searchable online, and with 100 apps integrated into Google Now.

One way Google could use Agawi s technology could be enhance how app search in Google works. Its streaming technology could be used to let people search for and then preview apps before downloading them.

Apple s new search offering, which uses deep-link technology to surface content from within apps, essentially gives its iPhone and iPad users a way to search inside those apps, thereby giving users less of a need to use Google s search engine, and the web in general. Apple s search currently only covers apps that a person has installed on his or her phone, but it seems only a matter of time before that gets extended to the wider catalog of uninstalled apps, too.

Agawi, which started out in Peter Relan s YouWeb incubator, has been around in one shape or another since 2010 (its first name was iSwifter). In theory its technology could be used for all kinds of content, although it focused its efforts initially on gaming and then developing ad units where you could play the games from within the ads.

This latter product is also interesting from a Google perspective. Google, whose Android OS powers the majority of smartphones globally, is also a leader in mobile advertising.

While we have seen a lot of developments from other companies in rich media and programmatic ads, as well as from the likes of Facebook and its own in-app efforts, this is a sign of how Google itself may be looking to innovate again in its mobile advertising approach.

In fact, you can think of this ad unit as a super-charged app-install ad. From what we understand, you can set a limit on how long you can stream a game in the ad unit, to make it into a preview, which then converts into a download link from the app store.

Updated throughout with Google confirmation and additional information. Ingenico Group and Google collaborate on cross-border e-commerce  
2015-04-23
Comcast Checkmates Google Wireless Plan  Google Inc (GOOG) is Looking Less Dominant This Quarter Internet search giant Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) will release first quarter earnings Thursday after the market closes.

Google is under pressure after missing earnings estimates 3 quarters in a row and is now facing an anti-trust suit from the European Union. Furthermore rising traffic acquisition costs (TAC) have been weighing on Google s revenue growth. Sales have slowly been pushing higher in spite of rising traffic costs but since the start of last year the stock has gone nowhere (-2%).

This quarter contributing analysts on Estimize expect Google s revenue to pop 17% higher (after deducting TAC). That would be the largest year over year (yoy) improvement to revenue since the first quarter of 2013.

The Estimize consensus from 128 contributors is for Google to report revenue of $14.275 billion after subtracting out TAC. Wall Street s forecast is 1.5% lower at $14.061 billion.

On the bottom line Estimize analysts are predicting $6.78 in earnings per share. That would be an 8% gain from the $6.26 reported in the first quarter of last year. Wall Street is forecasting that Google will earn $6.63 per share, a 6% improvement.

No earnings preview for a multinational is complete this season without a note on the effect of currency headwinds. The strong dollar means higher costs of repatriation for Google s overseas revenue. On the bright side, Google has a currency hedging program which will offset some of the losses. In the fourth quarter of 2014 Google s foreign exchange risk management program resulted in a benefit of $148 million in revenue. The effect of currency headwinds could be even more adverse this quarter, leading to a higher benefit from hedging.

Looking past currency headwinds this should be another decent quarter for Google, but the company isn t growing nearly as fast as it once was. Last quarter paid clicks were up 14% yoy and 11% sequentially compared to the third quarter of 2014. However, the cost per click also fell 3% yoy and sequentially.

Google still has some of the best targeting services around to offer advertisers, but rivals like Facebook are starting to make a dent. Facebook is offering particularly stiff competition with its mobile ads business, one of its key levers of growth.

The big picture is that revenue growth expectations are at a two year high this quarter and Google is expected to pull in immense profits like it usually does. The difference is that earnings growth is expected to be muted. It s inevitable that the market share leader in online ads would eventually lose some of its dominance.

Google will post huge earnings Thursday, but keep an eye on the company s cost per click as that s the best indication of the search giant s pricing power and customer demand. Pentagon's new cyber strategy cites US ability to retaliate U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter answers reporters' question during a joint news conference with his South Korean counterpart Han Min Koo at the Defense Ministry in Seoul, South Korea, Friday, April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Lee Jin-man

REDWOOD CITY, California U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter is due to unveil an updated cyber strategy on Thursday that will stress the military's ability to retaliate with cyber weapons, a capability he hopes will help deter attacks.

The strategy presents a potentially far more muscular role for the U.S. military's cyber warriors than the Pentagon was willing to acknowledge in its last strategy rollout in 2011 and singles out threats from Russia, China, Iran and North Korea.

"The United States must be able to declare or display effective response capabilities to deter an adversary from initiating an attack," according to a copy of the document, obtained by Reuters ahead of its release.

The Defense Department, it said, must develop "viable cyber options" as part of the full range of tools available to the United States during heightened tensions or outright hostilities.

It should be able to use cyber tools to disrupt an enemy's command of networks, military-related critical infrastructure and weapons capabilities.

The full-throated acknowledgement of such possibilities in the unclassified document is a major shift from 2011 and reflects the U.S. hope that it will help dissuade potential enemies.

Officials note that other tools to respond include publicly identifying nations responsible and imposing sanctions.

Carter, speaking to reporters flying with him to California, where he is due to meet Silicon Valley executives and speak at Stanford University, said the primary focus of the cyber strategy was defense.

But he acknowledged that the new strategy was "more clear and more specific about everything, including offense."

"It will be useful to us for the world to know that, first of all, we're going to protect ourselves," Carter said, noting that deterrence included "a threat to retaliate against those who do us harm."

"We obviously have a capability to do that, not just in cyber but in other ways."

Carter's visit comes two months after President Barack Obama visited Silicon Valley, asking U.S. executives for closer cooperation in defending against hackers after high-profile attacks on companies like Sony Pictures Entertainment.

"The North Korean attack on Sony was one of the most destructive cyber attacks on a U.S. entity to date," the document said.

The document said Russia's cyber actors were stealthy but had unclear intentions and lambasted China's theft of intellectual property. Iran and North Korea had "less developed cyber capabilities" but overt hostile intent toward U.S. interests.

(Reporting by Phil Stewart; Editing by Nick Macfie) eBay Inc Earnings: Overall Sales Up, but Marketplace Doesn't Shine Online marketplace eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY) reported earnings Wednesday, beating out estimates on both the top and bottom lines. But with a corporate shake-up unlike any it's ever seen before on the horizon, will 2015 be nice to eBay Inc stock? Here's what you need to know.

The numbers

Overall sales for eBay Inc came in at $4.45 billion for the first quarter, 4.4% above Q1 2014 and just ahead of analyst estimates of $4.42 billion.

On the bottom line, eBay managed to exceed earnings estimates. The company notched adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of $0.77, $0.07 above both expectations and Q1 2014's EPS.

But as eBay prepares to spin off PayPal -- a service that enables people to pay, send money, and accept payments without revealing their financial details -- in Q3,, investors care less about overall numbers and more about its Marketplace digits -- what you and I know as eBay.com. Revenues for this business, specifically, fell 4% to $2.07 billion, although exchange rate adjustments put that number back in the black at 3% growth.

Quarterly results for competitor Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) don't come in until after market close today, but for comparison's sake, Amazon.com expects its own revenue growth to clock in between 6% and 16%. That beats out eBay numbers even by Amazon.com's lowest estimate. But in true Amazon.com growth style, analysts expect negative $0.12 EPS, a substantial drop from the year-ago quarter's positive $0.23 EPS. For a company with proven profitability, it looks as if eBay will likely continue to deliver more.

Beyond the numbers

Dollars are important, but eBay's competitive advantages lies in its network effect: You use eBay or PayPal or Venmo because others use eBay or PayPal or Venmo. It's the same reason you're on Facebook and not MySpace.

For PayPal, Q1 2015 customer counts send a fairly positive signal. Global active accounts increased 11% to 165 million, but that's the lowest rate of any in the last year. Luckily, those who use eBay are using it more. The net number of payments topped 1 billion for the second quarter in a row, clocking in at respectable 1.04 billion for 24% growth.

But for eBay's marketplace, the market's not so hot. Global active buyers increased 8% year-over-year to 157 million, well below the growth rates of 11% to 14% over the previous five quarters. Nine percent year-over-year growth in sold items was also modest when compared to 11.4% growth in Q1 2014.

For shareholders, specifically, eBay has been working hard over the past year to live up to its fiduciary duty. It spent around $1.3 billion buying back shares and last September announced plans to spin off its PayPal business into a separate publicly traded company.

The company was already facing some problems. Search traffic diminished when Google revamped an algorithm, and a data breach required all eBay users to change their passwords. The market responded sharply, knocking around 15% off eBay's share price in less than a month as investors worried whether the move signaled the beginning of the end for this online auctioneer. But share prices have slowly returned, and year-long returns now hover alongside the S&P 500's(SNPINDEX:^GSPC).

The future of eBay

Looking ahead, eBay has a big year in store (pun intended). It's exploring selling or spinning off its lackluster sales support Enterprise unit, PayPal is expected to go independently public in the third quarter, and CEO John Donahoe plans to step down when the spinoff is done after more than seven years on the job. In fiscal 2015, the company expects an overall 3% to 5% sales increase and 3% to 7% EPS growth.

For eBay shareholders, 2015 marks the beginning of an entirely new investment. The corporation is shaking things up, but it's doing so in an effort to return value to investors and set itself up for a longer-term successful financial future. Investors should reevaluate their theses accordingly, but now could be the beginning of an exciting new chapter in eBay's book. Metroweb's state owner rejects Telecom Italia proposal: sources MILAN/ROME The state owner of Italy's Metroweb has rejected a proposal by Telecom Italia (TLIT.MI) to take a stake in the broadband company and gradually reach full ownership, according to two people close to the matter and an email seen by Reuters.

The latest twist in long-running talks between Telecom Italia and state lender Cassa Depositi e Presititi (CDP) could favor Vodafone (VOD.L), which has also set its sight on the broadband firm.

The battle for Metroweb, controlled by infrastructure fund F2i and CDP through its investment arm Fondo Strategico Italiano (FSI), is politically sensitive because Prime Minister Matteo Renzi considers it a building block for a 12 billion euro ($13 billion) plan to roll out faster networks.

"CDP and FSI are not in the condition to go ahead ... at terms outlined in the MOU (memorandum of understanding) draft sent by Telecom Italia," FSI head Maurizio Tamagnini told Telecom Italia CEO Marco Patuano in an April 21 email seen by Reuters and leaked to Italian newspapers.

It was not clear whether the rejection puts an end to negotiations between Telecom Italia and CDP.

Under its proposal, Telecom Italia would initially take a 40 percent voting stake in Metroweb and bring it to 100 percent over five years as it carries out investments to bring fiber cables close to the homes in 250 cities, one source said.

Talks with Telecom Italia over Metroweb had already hit a stumbling block earlier this year due to disagreements over the ownership structure of a deal, and the phone company's chairman, Giuseppe Recchi, said in February the board had concluded that conditions were not yet right for an agreement.

Metroweb is 53.8 percent owned by F2i and 46.2 percent by CDP unit FSI. CDP also owns a stake in F2i.

Rivals Telecom Italia and Vodafone have set their sights on the company as they seek to meet growing consumer demand for bandwidth-consuming services.

CDP has said that Telecom Italia could buy a majority stake in Metroweb but it would rather have other phone operators, such as Vodafone, also as shareholders.

The presence of other operators is something Telecom Italia is not willing to accept.

(Additional reporting by Luca Trogni; Editing by Pravin Char) The Most Hated Companies on the Internet: Facebook Inc., Twitter Inc ... Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), and LinkedIn (NYSE:LNKD) were the three most hated tech companies in America last year, according to the American Consumer Satisfaction Index. The ACSI, which is based on an economic model from the University of Michigan, collects data on customer loyalty and satisfaction for major brands throughout the year.

Meanwhile, Amazon, Apple, and Google were respectively the first, second, and third most loved tech companies on that list. Let's take a closer look at why Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn plunged to the bottom.

Facebook: privacy issues and emotion experiments

Facebook's biggest PR problems have been privacy related. Over the past few years, the company repeatedly altered privacy settings to gather more data from profiles. In 2013, Facebook started using user profile pictures in "social ads", which used user profile pictures to sell products. That controversial strategy prompted a fierce backlash from privacy advocates.

Last year, Facebook admitted that it ran an "emotion manipulation" experiment on nearly 700,000 users in 2012. The company manipulated their News Feeds to only show positive or negative posts, and recorded whether or not that affected their subsequent posts. That revelation fueled a firestorm of debates about whether or not Facebook had crossed ethical lines.

Despite those PR setbacks, Facebook's monthly active users (MAUs), revenue, and average revenue per user (ARPU) have all continued to rise.

Year 2012 2013 2014 MAUs 1.06 billion 1.23 billion 1.39 billion Revenue $5.09 billion $7.87 billion $12.47 billion ARPU $4.80 $6.40 $8.97

People might not agree with Facebook's tactics, but its business is still growing at a healthy rate. As long as all three of those figures keep rising, marketers will keep flocking to Facebook.

Twitter: the dark side of free speech

Back in 2010, when Twitter had just 30 million MAUs, the social network prided itself on being a platform for free speech. But today, with nearly 300 million MAUs, Twitter's reputation has been tarnished by trolls, cyberbullies, and criminals.

In 2013, a fake AP tweet about a White House bombing caused major stock indexes to temporarily crash. Earlier this year, a Twitter troll grounded two airplanes with a fake bomb threat. Twitter has also been used as a cyberbullying and hate-mongering platform for GamerGate death threats, the KKK, and even ISIS.

In other words, Twitter became a chaotic showcase for the dark side of free speech. To make matters worse, Twitter admits that at least 8.5% of its MAUs are bots, spam accounts, or third party apps. Moreover, an entire gray market for these fake, algorithm-generated "followers" exists for publicity-seeking self-promoters.

Unlike Facebook, Twitter hasn't been able to grow through its problems. MAU growth has slowed down dramatically -- last quarter, MAUs rose 20% year-over-year to 288 million, compared to 30% growth a year earlier. That's a far cry from the goal of 400 million MAUs set by CEO Dick Costolo back in 2013. Moreover, Twitter is still unprofitable on a GAAP basis.

LinkedIn: A job search site with an identity crisis

On the surface, LinkedIn is an ideal replacement for dated resume sites like Monster Worldwide's Monster.com. Yet LinkedIn is also a social networking site. Therein lies the problem: social networking sites need frequent engagement, but job search sites are usually only used while switching jobs.

According to Alexa, LinkedIn visitors only spend an average of less than eight minutes on the site per day. Facebook visitors spend nearly 18 minutes on the site daily. To boost its rate of engagement, LinkedIn sends notification emails to linked accounts. These notifications range include direct messages, invitations, job suggestions, and various updates from contacts and groups.

However, that connection also allows spam messages from LinkedIn inboxes to be directly sent to user's personal email accounts. That unpopular strategy, which resulted in a lawsuit last year, is likely what hurt LinkedIn's ACSI ranking the most.

To diversify its brand, LinkedIn acquired companies like social content sharing site SlideShare, job-matching site Bright, news reader Pulse, and education site Lynda. It also unbundled its site into various stand-alone mobile apps.

Last quarter, LinkedIn reported that it had 347 million members, up 25% from 277 million members a year earlier. However, its unique visiting members only rose 22% to 93 million. This means that despite all of LinkedIn's desperate attempts to bring users back to its site, just 27% of them visited the site on a regular basis. To make matters worse, Facebook recently introduced "Facebook at Work", a rival social platform for enterprise users.

The bottom line

Being "hated" doesn't necessarily doom a company. Privacy advocates might despise some of Facebook's business strategies, but it still has an untouchable lead in social networking. Twitter and LinkedIn, however, have glaring fundamental flaws which could derail their long-term growth if they're not careful. 
2015-03-07
1 Number That Shows How Apple Inc.'s iPhone Crushed Google Android Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android remains the most popular mobile OS worldwide, claiming 81.5% of the smartphone market in 2014, according to IDC. Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS came in a distant second with a 14.8% share.

But when it comes to profitability, Apple claimed a whopping 89% of all smartphone profits worldwide in the fourth quarter, up from 70.5% a year ago, according to Strategy Analytics. Android's percentage of profits plunged from 29.5% to 11%.

The message is clear: Android devices are now sold at such low margins that market share domination means little to hardware manufacturers' bottom lines. So what does this shift mean for Apple, Google, and Android phone makers?

Great news for Apple

Apple is arguably the only smartphone maker in the world that gets away with selling mid-range hardware at top-tier prices. The iPhone 6 had a weaker processor, smaller battery, less RAM, a lower-resolution screen, and weaker cameras than Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S5.

Yet Apple was able to sell more phones at comparable or higher prices. An IHS teardown last year revealed that the 16GB iPhone 6, which costs $649 unlocked, cost just $200 to manufacture. By comparison, IHS stated that the 32GB Galaxy S5, which originally launched at $650 unlocked, cost $256 to manufacture.

The IHS teardown implies that Apple earns a gross margin of 69% per entry level iPhone sold, but actual gross margins are lower due to major expenses like development, marketing, and shipping costs. Credit Suisse estimates that after those costs are factored in, the 16GB iPhone 6 costs $350.60 to produce while Apple receives $599 on its retail price of $649, giving it a gross profit margin of 41.5%.

That's a notable decrease from previous years, but record unit sales -- fueled by pent up demand for larger screen iPhones -- are now leading to record profits. (More expensive iPhone models also carry higher profit margins.)



Bad news for the Android Army

Apple's stunning profitability is bad news for Android handset makers, which have been struggling to stand out in an increasingly crowded market.

Over the past year, Samsung, the largest Android manufacturer in the world, has ceded market share to Chinese rivals such as Xiaomi, Lenovo, and Huawei, which are willing to sell smartphones at much lower margins. Between the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2014, Samsung's global market share fell from 30% to 20%. That means Samsung is losing control of a market that's also declining in overall profitability. Samsung hopes that its homegrown OS Tizen will provide a way out, but it's only been installed on one smartphone model so far. Last quarter, profit at Samsung's mobile division plunged 64% year over year.

Meanwhile, smaller Android rivals such as Sony and HTC are faring even worse. Instead of slashing prices, Sony decided to sell fewer phones at higher prices to preserve margins, but that's a risky strategy that could just cause a slow death for its ailing mobile division. HTC is trying to diversify its product line with tablets and action cameras, but those products probably won't save it from being crushed between Chinese brands, Samsung, and Apple.

Both Samsung and HTC consider Windows Phone to be a possible way out, but profitability is reportedly even worse at Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) underdog OS. Strategy Analytics' report claims that Windows Phone, BlackBerry, and other platforms made no profit at all in 2014.

Indirect consequences for Google

If Google hadn't sold Motorola Mobility to Lenovo, it would still be racing other Android device makers to the bottom of the market. Android's lack of profitability doesn't seem like a big deal for Google, which monetizes Android through search advertising and app sales, but there are indirect consequences to consider.

First, the Android manufacturers that are crushing Samsung, Sony, and HTC sell most of their handsets in mainland China, where both Google Search and Google Play are banned. These companies use local search engines such as Baidu and their own app stores instead. As these companies spread across Asia, they might promote the use of their own app stores over Google Play, causing Google to lose ground.

As Android hardware becomes less profitable, companies like Samsung, Sony, and HTC will look for new ways to monetize the OS and cut Google out of the loop. Samsung, for example, already launched its own app store to counter Google Play. Samsung also bought mobile payments company LoopPay in February, in a clear bid to compete against Google Wallet and Apple Pay. Therefore, Google's hardware allies could start pulling away from Google's ecosystem to better monetize their own devices.

The verdict

Apple currently has a magic mix of high margins and high sales that its rivals can't touch. Google originally thought that handing out free software to tether handsets to its ecosystem would marginalize Apple, but the Android market is now saturated with low-margin devices. If Android handset makers can't make a profit, they'll look for new ways to make money -- and some of those strategies could leave Google out in the cold. 
2015-10-30
What Alphabet's Google Is Doing With Chrome And Android By 2017 The Wall Street Journal reported that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s Google plans to "fold" its Chrome operating system into its Android mobile operating system.

(NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s Google plans to "fold" its Chrome operating system into its Android mobile operating system. Google engineers have been working for roughly two years to combine the operating systems.

Google will introduce a new, single operating system in 2017.

According to The Wall Street Journal, Google plans on unveiling a new, single operating system in 2017 but is likely to show an early version next year.

Android powers more than one billion phones and other portable devices. However, the research firm IDC said that Chrome accounts for less than 3 percent of all PCs.

Related Link: Here's What You Need To Know About Alphabet

WSJ suggested that Google's move to create a unified operating system is part of the company's plan to "get Android running on as many devices as possible to reach as many people as possible." In addition, a single operating system will help developers as they will only need to write apps once and have them work on mobile devices and PCs.

Chrome and Android both come from a Linux open-source software but they differ in many ways. WSJ cited "people familiar with the matter" who said that combining the two into one system won't be easy.

Google's move is similar to Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT)'s decision to create a version of Windows 10 for PCs and phones.

On the other hand, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) maintains different operating systems and use iOS for iPhones and iPads and OS X for Mac PCs. The company's CEO Tim Cook defended having two separate operating systems, noting that combining the two "subtracts from bot, and you don't get the best experience from either."

Posted-In: Android Chrome iOS iPhoneNews Wall Street Journal Tech Media Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc. (AAPL): Why The Stock Is Severely Undervalued David Zeiler: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock was up about 3.5% today (Wednesday) following an impressive Q4 earnings report, but AAPL should be trading much higher.

 This stock is absolutely undervalued,  said Money Morning Capital Wave Strategist Shah Gilani on the FOX Business program  Varney & Co.  this morning.  They re going to buy more shares, they ve got so much cash. This stock is going to continue to grow. 

Currently trading at about $118.50, Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL) stock has a laughably low price/earnings ratio of 13.63. It s forward P/E is just 10.88.

To get an idea of how cheap AAPL stock is right now, compare that to the P/E ratios of fellow tech giants Microsoft Corp. (Nasdaq: MSFT) and Alphabet Inc. (formerly Google Inc.) (Nasdaq: GOOGL, GOOG). The Alphabet P/E is 30, while Microsoft s is 35.44.

The P/E ratio for the Standard & Poor s 500 is just below 22. If Apple had a P/E of 22, it would trade at $190 a share   a 61% gain from the current Apple stock price.

So where is Wall Street going wrong?

Two related issues keep tripping up the  experts.  One is that Apple is too dependent on the iPhone. The other is that sales in China have become Apple s primary source of growth.

It s true. The iPhone represents about two-thirds of Apple s revenue and profit. Although Greater China was just under 25% of Apple s revenue in Q4, the year-over-year growth in that segment has been phenomenal.

In the Q4 Apple earnings, sales in Greater China (which includes Hong Kong and Taiwan) grew 99% over the same period last year. Total iPhone sales were up 120% in mainland China.

Many perceive this as a major risk for Apple stock. They speculate on the impact of a slowing Chinese economy, or the possibility that consumers will abandon the iPhone for lower-priced competitors.

And they might have a point if any of that was happening. Meanwhile, they re overlooking a far more obvious and more likely possibility   that China will fuel massive sales growth for Apple over the next few years.

Here s what I mean 

How China Will Help Push Apple Stock Higher

First of all, concern over the iPhone s outsized role in Apple earnings assumes that the product has peaked, or that something else is on the verge of replacing the smartphone. Both will happen someday, but are years away.

And China is much less of a risk than it is a huge opportunity.

Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald pointed out that the perceived slowdown in China isn t a sign of a failing economy, but the hiccups of a giant economy in transition.

 The Red Dragon has had the world s largest GDP for 18 out of the past 20 centuries,  Fitz-Gerald said.  They will again as Chinese consumers set their sights on the things we take for granted in the West including homes, cars, appliances, electronics, travel, and education for their children. 

Not only is Wall Street wrong about the Chinese economy, they don t understand the Chinese consumer.

Take the assumption that cheap smartphones running Android would undermine iPhone sales. Over the past year, Apple has jockeyed with Xiaomi Inc. and Huawei Corp. for the top rank in smartphone market share in China.

According to Counterpoint Monthly data, Apple was first in February and March, fell to third through the middle of the year, then jumped back to No. 1 in September. The September numbers put iPhone market share at 19%, with Huawei at 17% and Xiaomi at 16%.

But the point is it doesn t matter who s No. 1 in any given month, but that the iPhone s appeal to Chinese consumers has remained consistent.

It s because Apple isn t selling a generic piece of hardware, but a complete ecosystem. Apple is expanding its chain of retail stores in China and has introduced Apple Music there. Revenue from the App Store in China grew 127% in Q4.

Just as key is that Apple is perceived as a luxury brand and status symbol in China.

When you think about it, the Chinese middle class are buying iPhones for the same reasons as the U.S. middle class. And the iPhone has a 44% share in the United States.

The difference   and a big part of Apple s opportunity   is that China s middle class is growing much faster.

What China s Middle Class Will Do for AAPL Stock

In the analyst conference call, Apple CEO Tim Cook noted that the Chinese middle class stood at 50 million five years ago and will be 500 million five years from now.

A Credit Suisse Group (NYSE: CS) report released two weeks ago put the current size of China s middle class at 108.76 million, bigger than its estimate of the U.S. middle class of 91.86 million.

Think about it. Apple s Greater China revenue in Q4 was $12.52 billion. A five-fold increase in the size of China s middle class may not translate to a five-fold increase in Apple s revenue there, but it s hard to imagine it won t at least triple.

Let s do some back-of-the-napkin calculations. Roughly tripling Greater China sales would add $25 billion in revenue and about $5.39 billion in profits, or $0.95 per share.

That means China alone will add at least $3.80 per share of earnings over the next five years. Even at a P/E of 13.63, that puts the AAPL stock price at about $169.

And that s not counting the contributions of such new Apple ventures as the Apple Watch and Apple TV or future products like an Apple Car. Nor does that include iPhone growth in other emerging markets, particularly India, where Apple recently partnered with India-based electronics chain Croma to create a  store within a store  program.

Underestimating the Chinese market   and Apple s ability to exploit it   is why AAPL stock isn t trading higher.

Someday Wall Street will realize that. But in the meantime, Apple stock is a steal.

The Bottom Line: Wall Street worries over the Chinese economy and how the iPhone dominates Apple earnings have resulted in a severe undervaluation of AAPL stock. With the Chinese middle class expected to grow five-fold over the next five years, Apple will have more than enough customers to sustain healthy iPhone sales growth.

Written By David Zeiler From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet. And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. 
2015-02-24
Visa Europe plans new security that could pave way for Apple Pay A Visa logo is seen during the International CTIA WIRELESS Conference & Exposition in New Orleans, Louisiana May 9, 2012. REUTERS/Sean Gardner

FRANKFURT Visa Europe has announced a new, more secure way for consumers to pay retailers via smartphones, a move that could set the stage for Apple's (AAPL.O) Apple Pay and rival mobile payment services to be introduced into Europe in the coming months.

Visa Europe said on Tuesday it would introduce to member banks by mid-April a "tokenisation" service which substitutes random numbers for a user's credit card details when a merchant transmits transaction data, reducing the risk of online theft.

Similar security from Visa Inc (V.N), the former parent of Visa Europe, and rival card issuers MasterCard (MA.N) and American Express (AXP.N) has been key to the success of Apple Pay since it was introduced in the United States last year, according to industry experts.

Apple Pay allows iPhone users to store their credit card details on their phones, then pay at the tap of a button. In its first three months, more than $2 out of every $3 which U.S. consumers spent using speedy new "contactless" systems at the three major credit card networks was done via Apple Pay, the company said last month.

Visa Europe's move is one of several new services the London-based credit card giant is unveiling as it battles to retain its role as a middleman connecting banks and consumers in a fast-moving payments landscape being shaken up by major technology firms including Apple, Google (GOOGL.O) and eBay's (EBAY.O) PayPal, as well as scores of ambitious start-ups.

These include a way for card customers to send money overseas to other Visa users via their social media profiles on sites such as Facebook (FB.O), WhatsApp, Twitter (TWTR.N) or LinkedIn LNKD.N.

Steve Perry, Visa Europe's chief digital officer, said in an interview his association's plan for secure credit card data transmission parallels what Visa Inc offers in the United States. But he declined to comment on whether Apple Pay had agreed to use his organization's version in European markets.

"Apple and Visa (Inc) have an agreement around what has happened," Perry said. "I am as excited as anyone, but we have to wait," he said. The Visa Europe executive referred further questions to Apple.

An Apple spokesman was not immediately available to comment on any international expansion plans it might have.

PAY BY TWEET

Visa Europe, which since 2007 has operated independently of Visa Inc, is a cooperative of more than 3,700 European banks with more than 500 million cards in circulation.

Its plans also include opening a mobile app store for its members to pick and choose payment apps that they can assemble into mobile banking services they offer their own customers.

The company said it would introduce by this summer a global peer-to-peer payments service called Visa Direct, which was formerly known as Visa Personal Payments and offered on a limited basis.

Visa Europe has partnered with Singapore-based Fastacash to enable its member banks to soon start sending peer-to-peer payments via popular social media services.

Visa Direct will allow Visa Europe card users to transfer funds in multiple currencies to the mobile phone numbers of nearly 2 billion other Visa card holders.

The personal money transfer service, which complies with "Know your customer" banking regulations and other international rules, will not be available in the United States, Japan or nations sanctioned by U.S. Treasury Department, it said. Currency exchange fees will be set by the card holder's bank.

(Editing by Maria Sheahan and Mark Potter) US raises concerns over 'made in Indonesia' smartphone law JAKARTA/WASHINGTON The United States is pressing Indonesia to relax local-content rules it believes will handicap efforts of tech firms such as Apple to expand into one of the world s last big markets where demand for high-end smartphone has yet to really take off.

The regulation, which would come into force on Jan. 1, 2017, requires companies that sell smartphones and tablets in the fast-growing economy of 250 million people to produce 40 percent of their content locally.

The office of the U.S. Trade Representative (USTR), America's chief trade negotiator, said it was raising the issue with the Indonesian authorities and in multinational forums.

Critics of the "made in Indonesia" rule, including an influential U.S. business group, say it could increase costs and restrict access to technology.

"The United States shares these concerns, and strongly supports ensuring that information and communications technology, which can be instrumental to economic development, be openly available in Indonesia," said a USTR spokesman in Washington.

Less than a third of Indonesians own a smartphone, a much lower rate than China's almost 80 percent, according to figures from research firm Canalys, making the country a highly attractive market for companies such as Apple Inc and South Korean rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.

Samsung has already begun producing phones in Indonesia after opening a factory near Jakarta last year.

Apple s supplier Foxconn, whose flagship listed unit is Hon Hai Precision Co Ltd, has been dragging its feet as it negotiates with the Indonesian government over a proposed investment that would include manufacturing smartphones.

Apple and Samsung did not immediately respond to requests to comment on the local-content rule.

Indonesia's Communications Minister Rudiantara, who is working on the regulation that is due to be finalised by March, could not reached for comment.

Rudiantara told Reuters in January that the regulation would help Indonesia get a share of the roughly $4 billion in annual domestic smartphone sales and support President Joko Widodo's pledge to switch the country from an economy that mainly consumes products, to one that produces them.

The American Chamber of Commerce (AmCham) raised concerns about the rule in a Feb. 12 letter to Rudiantara.

"We fear that the approach taken in this draft regulation could inadvertently restrict access to new technologies, raise the cost of ICT for Indonesian companies, stimulate grey and black markets for mobile phones, and carry other unintended consequences," AmCham said in the letter, seen by Reuters.

Before last year Indonesia's fledging electronics industry had no smartphone manufacturing.

"One big concern of many companies, and not just American companies, has been that Indonesia lacks the supply chain to produce high quality mobile phones," Lin Neumann, the head of the Indonesian branch of AmCham, told Reuters.

The letter to Rudiantara also warned the rule could contravene international trade law governed by the World Trade Organisation (WTO).

"The policy of forced localization of manufacturing activities could have implications in terms of Indonesia's WTO obligations," the letter said.

The United States, which is currently pursuing four trade cases against Indonesia, has repeatedly raised concerns about Indonesia's rules on local content in investment in the telecommunications sector at the WTO.

(Additional reporting by Krista Hughes in Washington; Editing by Alex Richardson) Software Speak: Amazon to Spin-Off AWS? Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. 
2015-04-20
Google's Regulatory Issues: Anticipate A Worst Case Scenario  Sony unveils new Xperia phone even as it retrenches in mobile Sony Mobile Communications Inc President and CEO Hiroki Totoki poses with Sony's new Xperia Z4 smartphone after a news conference in Tokyo April 20, 2015. REUTERS/Toru Hanai

Sony Mobile Communications Inc President and CEO Hiroki Totoki poses with Sony's new Xperia Z4 smartphone after a news conference in Tokyo April 20, 2015. REUTERS/Toru Hanai

Sony's new Xperia Z4 smartphones are displayed at the company headquarters in Tokyo April 20, 2015. REUTERS/Toru Hanai

An employee poses with Sony's new Xperia Z4 smartphone after a news conference in Tokyo April 20, 2015. REUTERS/Toru Hanai

TOKYO Sony Corp on Monday unveiled a new high-end Xperia handset featuring an aluminium frame and a 5.2-inch screen, showing it is still in the smartphone race even as it scales down its struggling mobile operations.

The launch of the new flagship model comes amid a painful restructuring at the Japanese consumer electronics giant which has thrown the future of its smartphone division into doubt, with top executives saying an exit cannot be ruled out.

But as the company focuses on cutting costs rather than growing its mobile market, the division still needs investment in new products and marketing to maintain Sony's brand and hold off a more rapid deterioration.

Sony said the Xperia Z4 would be available in Japan around the middle of the year, though it did not provide a launch date, details on carrier partners or price. The handset would be available in four colours and was slightly thinner than the previous Z3.

Hiroki Totoki, who was appointed last year to turn around the mobile unit, said Sony was targeting the upper end of the market where rivals such as Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc dominate.

"There's a broad variety in the prices of smartphones, from around $100 to $1,400 at the upper end," he told a news conference. "We want to focus in the upper half of that."

Sony's mobile division has fallen far behind high-end rivals such as Samsung and Apple, while at the low end it is battling pricing pressure from Asian manufacturers such as China's Xiaomi Inc.

The company whose Walkman and Trinitron TV once played a critical role in the global entertainment industry has struggled in recent years to come up with trend-setting gadgets.

Sony announced in February that it would scale down its weaker operations such as TVs and mobile phones to focus instead on more successful products such as video games and camera sensors.

Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai has not ruled out an exit from weak operations, amid a restructuring that has so far seen the company sell off its personal computer division and spin off the TV business.

In February, he said the Japanese consumer electronics firm would no longer pursue sales growth in smartphones.

(Reporting by Ritsuko Ando; Editing by Stephen Coates) Humanoid robot can recognise and interact with people A humanoid robot named Han developed by Hanson Robotics reacts as the controller commands it via a mobile phone to make a facial expression during the Global Sources spring electronics show in Hong Kong April 18, 2015. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu

A staff talks to a humanoid robot named Han developed by Hanson Robotics via a mobile phone during the Global Sources spring electronics show in Hong Kong April 18, 2015. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu

A staff controls the expressions of a humanoid robot named Han developed by Hanson Robotics via a mobile phone during the Global Sources spring electronics show in Hong Kong April 18, 2015. REUTERS/Tyrone Siu

A humanoid robot which can mimic human expressions greeted visitors on Saturday (April 18) at a Hong Kong electronics fair.

The robot head, known as 'Han', can also hold simple interactive conversations with the crowd.

At the touch of a button using a mobile phone app, Han can smile, wince, frown, wink, or even act drunk.

About 40 motors control his face to form delicate facial expressions, according to product manager at Hanson Robotics, Grace Copplestone.

The robot can also respond to his environment, thanks to several cameras inside his eyes and chest.

"So Han's really exciting because not only can he generate very realistic facial expressions, but he can also interact with the environment around him. So he has cameras on his eyes and on his chest, which allow him to recognise people's face, not only that, but recognise their gender, their age, whether they are happy or sad, and that makes him very exciting for places like hotels for example, where you need to appreciate the customers in front of you and react accordingly," Copplestone said.

During the Global Sources electronics show, in which Han gave demonstrations every hour, visitors could also have a simple conversation with him.

One visitor, businessman Harbhajan Singh Sethi from Mumbai, joked with the robot, "I think you are perfect man for my wife," to which Han quipped, "I don't have to do whatever you say. I have my own free will."

Sethi said he found it fun to talk to the robot: "It was fun and it was interesting. He's answering you. He's answering you to the point."

Another visitor, Xiao Yong, who owns a technology company in the southern Shenzhen city, said he was also impressed by the robot.

"I think it's very magical, because the robot's facial expressions are very rich. When I greeted him, he responded. When I asked him to smile, he smiled. He can flirt and wink. It's magical. It's very well made," Xiao said.

Copplestone added that some of the robotic technology, such as facial recognition, is available on open source; meaning robot developers around the world can use the same software.

A unique feature of Han is his human-like skin, which is created by a patented material called "Frubber," short for "Flesh Rubber", an elastic polymer.

Copplestone said the human-like robot heads could serve a range of functions, especially where face-to-face communications is important.

"There are three markets we are really excited about. One is hospitality, so for example, the receptionist behind desk and hotels. The second one is entertainment, so casinos, theme parks and museums. And the third is health care, and that's in two ways. One is medical simulation. If you can provide doctors with mannequins that have very realistic facial expressions on them, that provides a very beneficial piece of training to the doctor, and the mannequin can travel over the world to do that. Another area of medical care is for the elderly. We believe a human face on a robot makes it far more approachable, and efficient, and effective in caring for older people."

The Hong Kong based company aims to commercialise Han's technology on a different face, an Eurasian female called Eva, and plans to produce hundreds of Evas this year. The price is yet to be determined.

Han made its debut to the public earlier this year in January, during the Digital-Life-Design fair in Germany. Microsoft Corporation: Could Bing Finally Be a Real Challenger to Google Inc? Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT)Bing has always been an also-ran in the search engine market.

It is not that Bing has been a low-ranking player -- the No. 2 choice in the United States for a number of years. Instead, the problem is that Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been so dominant that second place has hardly mattered.

This has not been a Coca-Cola vs. Pepsi battle with a clear market leader and a serious challenger. Instead, it has been more like Coke versus Royal Crown Cola, where one company has such a large lead that the rival is more of a punchline that a real contender.

It is possible, however, that those days are over, as Bing has gained more than enough market share to be taken seriously.

What has Bing accomplished?

The Microsoft search engine has managed to crack a 20% share of the U.S. desktop market for home and work locations. Google still leads the way with 64.4%, but the search giant dropped slightly, while Bing gained. Specifically, Google fell 0.1% with Bing adding 0.3%.

That may be only a tiny gain for Microsoft, but it is the first time Bing has moved above the 20% market share level, according to USA Today. The jump also means that "Bing's share of U.S. Internet search is bigger than the market share of Apple's Mac in the computer market," the paper reported.

It is also worth noting that Bing powers the results for Yahoo! -- a recently renewed arrangement -- giving Microsoft nearly one-third of all searches. Google is still dominant, but Bing has become a major player in its own right.

comScore Explicit Core Search Share Report* (Desktop Only)

March 2015 vs. February 2015 (Total U.S. -- Desktop Home and Work Locations)

Core Search Entity Share (%) Feb. 2015 Share (%) March 2015 Point Change Total Explicit Core Search 100% 100% 0 Google Sites 64.5% 64.4% (0.1) Microsoft Sites 19.8% 20.1% 0.3 Yahoo! Sites 12.8% 12.7% (0.1) Ask Network 1.8% 1.8% 0.0 AOL 1.1% 1.1% 0.0

How is Microsoft doing this?

Bing has been leveraging its Rewards program to give people incentive to use its search engine. Simply conducting searches through Bing lets users earn points that can be turned in for gift certificates at popular retailers. That is a strategy likely to appeal to millennials, who have grown up with games powered by that model.

"The program -- the Internet search version of a frequent-flier program -- has been helpful in breaking Google's de facto grip on search with users looking to get a piece of their own online revenue," wrote USA Today.

It is a novel strategy that makes sense -- while Google is the dominant player, there is little difference in the results between either search engine. Giving people a reason to use one over the other (beyond whatever the default choice is set on your browser) could send people toward Bing.

How big a deal is this?

It is a victory for Microsoft but only a minor one. Making gains in desktop search is nice, but Google still dominates when it comes to mobile, with a 93% share according to NetMarketShare. That market is going to be much harder for Bing to crack, because the search engine has little to no presence on the Android and Apple iOS devices that control the tablet and smartphone worlds.

Desktop gains are something for Microsoft to celebrate, and the numbers could become stronger if Windows 10 proves more popular than the beleaguered predecessor it is replacing. If that happens, more people could upgrade to new Windows computers with Bing as the default search engine.

Microsoft could also make gains in mobile if Win10 proves to be popular, and the fledgling market for WIndows Phone and Windows-powered tablets grows.

Bing is far from toppling Gooogle, but Microsoft has shown that it has the potential to make this a real race. The underdog is in a stronger position than it has ever held before. EU Has an `Open Mind' on Google Android Probe: Vestager Wells Fargo CFO Says Scandal Costs Will Abate This Year

39:12 - Wells Fargo CFO John Shrewsberry discusses the company's first-quarter earnings and the fallout from the bank's fake-account scandal. He speaks with Bloomberg's Julie Hyman, Joe Weisenthal and Abigail Doolittle on "What'd You Miss?" (Source: Bloomberg) Why Elon Musk Nearly Sold Tesla to Google Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

39:17 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) How Elon Musk Almost Sold Tesla Motors, Inc. to Google Before a giant run-up in Tesla's (NASDAQ:TSLA) share price from about $40 in the first half of 2013 to $205 today, CEO Elon Musk had shook hands on a deal with Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) CEO Larry Page to sell the electric car-maker to the search giant, according to a just-released excerpt from Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future, a new book by Bloomberg's Ashlee Vance due for a May 19 launch. On the brink of bankruptcy, Musk was counting on Google for a solution, Vance explained. But thanks to an aggressive companywide campaign to focus solely on delivering cars, Tesla reported its first profit on May 8 and shares began a long and rapid uphill march.

The turnaround

Going into Tesla's fourth quarter of 2012, the company had guided for 2,500-3,000 deliveries of its fully electric Model S -- a huge jump from the 250 delivered in Q3, reflecting the company's efforts to ramp up production.

But Tesla fell short of its own guidance in Q4, delivering 2,400 vehicles. Investors worried demand for Model S may not be robust enough for the company to meet its aggressive guidance for 2013 deliveries of 20,000 vehicles.

While the Tesla growth story quickly turned positive on April 1, 2013 when Tesla released its Q1 deliveries early, announcing it exceeded its first-quarter guidance for 4,500 vehicles by 250, it was the months between the February 20 fourth-quarter report and Tesla's April 1 release of its Q1 delivery figure when Musk, in desperation, turned to Google for a bail from near bankruptcy.

In early 2013, Tesla was having trouble converting the 15,000 orders for Model S it reported in its fourth-quarter letter to shareholders into actual sales, Vance said that it turned out the Silicon Valley-based start-up's attempt at challenging the renowned Mercedes S Class in one of the most capital-intensive industries on the planet was an incredibly difficult task. The Model S was lacking in some key areas when compared to other luxury cars.

"Its safety elements, software, and interior room were better than those of most luxury cars, but it didn't offer the parking sensors and radar-assisted cruise control of rivals like BMW and Mercedes-Benz," Vance said. "Glitches with the 2012 Model S door handle irked early buyers, as did some aesthetic choices such as the car's sun visors, which had unsightly seams."

To save the company, Musk put Tesla staff "on crisis footing" and simultaneously reached out to Page.

Vance summarized the terms Musk took to Page during the first week of March:

Considering his straits, Musk drove a hard bargain. He proposed that Google buy Tesla outright   with a healthy premium, the company would have cost about $6 billion at the time   and pony up another $5 billion in capital for factory expansions. He also wanted guarantees that Google wouldn't break up or shut down his company before it produced a third-generation electric car aimed at the mainstream auto market. He insisted that Page let him run a Google-owned Tesla for eight years, or until it began pumping out such a car. Page accepted the overall proposal and shook on the deal.

And back at Tesla headquarters, Musk spared no mercy.

"If we don't deliver these cars, we are f---ed," Musk told his staff. "I don't care what job you were doing. Your new job is delivering cars."

Just as Google's lawyers were negotiating specific terms on the deal with Musk and Page, Tesla's aggressive sales effort began to pay off. With just "two weeks of cash in its coffers," Tesla finished the quarter strong, beat guidance, and reported an $11 million profit.

Tesla's success persisted. On May 22, Tesla repaid its loan from the Department of Energy with a $451.8 million wire, making Tesla the first American car company to have fully repaid the government. Tesla went on to exceed its initial annual guidance for 20,000 Model S deliveries, putting about 22,500 Model S in the hands of customers. Meanwhile, the company has tightened up quality control and jumped into the leading position in autopilot and driver-assist features.

Tesla is better off

While a $6 billion price tag on Tesla may have made sense at the time, Musk and Tesla shareholders have seen a far better return as an independently operated company than would have been the case if the Google and Tesla deal panned out. Today, Tesla's market cap is $26 billion.

The near-Google deal highlights the risk of investing in companies like Tesla who spend every dollar of gross profit on expansion. Even amid sales growth, cash can be tight. Of course, the risk of bankruptcy today is far lower, if not nonexistent. Tesla's premium stock price, paired with a much better track record of demand for its vehicles, gives the company much easier access to capital today -- whether it's through debt or equity. 
2015-10-07
Alphabet Inc launches code for fast loading of heavy mobile content Never miss a great news story!

Get instant notifications from Economic Times

AllowNot now

You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. Google Reorganization Isn't About Cutting Costs, Alphabet CFO Says Alphabet Inc. Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said Google s recent reorganization into a holding company isn t about cutting costs.

 You can t cost-cut your way to greatness,  Ms. Porat said Wednesday at a Vanity Fair technology conference in San Francisco. Google on Friday completed its reorganization into Alphabet. Ms. Porat said the move... 
2015-05-28
Barclays and Goldman Sachs Weigh In: Will Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) or Google ... Google Inc (NASDAQ:Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: The idea of self-driving cars is certainly not new, but while for now they may sound like a distant idea that will take decades to develop, the technology may be closer than you think.(NASDAQ: GOOG ),(NASDAQ: TSLA ) and others are in a race to be the first to achieve total automation in cars.

So which company will be first? Goldman Sachs Group Inc analysts think Google will be, despite Tesla s early progress in this area. Barclays PLC analysts are also concerned about Tesla s attempt to move into the mass market.

Self-driving cars just a distant dream?

Indeed, the prospects offered by self-driving car technology are great. While some may enjoy getting behind the wheel and driving, there are plenty of times when driving is just a drag. Heavy traffic makes driving a stressful nightmare, and the problem is only increasing.

In fact, Goldman Sachs analysts report in Volume 1 of  Cars 2025: A disruptive new era of the Automotive Age  that it s estimated that Japanese spend 40 hours a year stuck in traffic. They also say that the number would be a lot higher if it was  calculated based on the actual number of drivers. 

Traffic jams are such a headache in Japan that the nation s Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport estimates that they cause more than $100 billion in economic opportunity losses each year.

Self-driving cars can enhance productivity

Self-driving car technology offers one way to battle these opportunity losses. Our time is increasingly valuable, and the less time we spend behind the wheel, the more time we can spend doing more important things. The Goldman Sachs team reports that the average American spends 300 to 400 hours per year behind the wheel.

People can also enjoy more social time together, as demonstrated by Daimler AG s F 015 Luxury in Motion car. The automaker showed off the concept car at the Detroit Auto Show in January, and it features four seats that are facing each other. Daimler said it sees new value in cars as a  mobile living space. 

Further, self-driving cars could possibly reduce the number of accidents, as statistics currently show that about half a million people die from them each year. The Goldman team suggests that the number could be more than 1.2 million. Of course it s unrealistic to expect autonomous cars to completely prevent accidents.

Drivers are generally in support of autonomous cars for several reasons, according to a recent survey conducted by Motor Fan (All charts / graphs in this article are courtesy Goldman Sachs or Barclays as noted.).

Current problems for self-driving technology

The Goldman team suggests that 2017 will be a  watershed year  for autonomous cars, suggesting that the technology may be ready for use much earlier than most believe. However, there are a number of roadblocks in the way.

Some of the biggest issues were presented at the Vienna Convention on Road traffic, and they deal with the legality of self-driving cars. For example, Article 8 of the convention s articles states that every moving vehicle or  combination of vehicles  should have a driver who must be able to  control his vehicle or to guide his animals  at all times.

Article 13 states that drivers should  pay constant regard to the circumstances, in particular the lie of the land, the state of the road, the condition and load of his vehicle, the weather conditions and the density of traffic  so they can safely stop their vehicle to avoid accidents.

What about liability?

Further, the Goldman team brings up the issue of software risks, especially for Level 4 autonomous vehicles, which are supposed to be fully self-driving. Such software risks cause liability questions because a computer is driving the vehicle instead of a human.



If the software suddenly shuts down or reboots or there is a bug that causes the vehicle to crash, then who is at fault? Because of this issue, the analysts believe automakers should focus on Level 3 self-driving technology, which is still a step down from being fully autonomous. Here are the descriptions of the four levels of autonomous vehicles.

Recently Tesla Motors offered a suggestion regarding the liability question. The EV manufacturer has rapidly been rolling out self-driving software features to the Model S, and one of those features is a turn signal activated by the driver that would then allow the car to pass another car.

Because the signal is operated by the driver, then theoretically, the driver would be at fault in a wreck resolving from passing other vehicles. However, this issue does not address the myriad of other types of situations that can result in an accident.

Google aiming for Level 4 autonomous cars by 2017

The Goldman Sachs team also reports that Google appears to be aiming for Level 4 autonomous driving tech to be ready by 2017. However, most companies don t expect the technology to be ready until 2020 to 2025. The analysts put together this timeline for Level 4 autonomous driving by company.

Self-driving cars could cut automobile demand

Barclays analysts recently put out their own report on  Disruptive Mobility,  and one of the questions they consider is the future of the auto industry in light of self-driving technology. Already vehicle ownership is on the decline as drivers in big cities instead opt for pooled shared autonomous vehicles. They suggest ownership will fall 50% over the next 35 years with shared vehicles to replace at least nine times the number of  traditional  vehicles. The Barclays team offers four categories of vehicles:  traditional automobiles,   family autonomous vehicles,   shared autonomous vehicles  and  pooled shared autonomous vehicles. 

With these four categories, they say 50% of vehicles are at risk of displacement by shared autonomous vehicles. In fact, each shared autonomous vehicle could replace nine traditional vehicles, according to their estimates. They added that the result would be a 40% decline in annual auto demand, bringing it down to about 9.5 million and 60% decline in the national car fleet to about 100 million.

They quantify these numbers by looking at the past use of horses for transportation.

What will happen to the auto industry?

As a result of falling demand for vehicles, the Barclays team suggests that automakers will have to drastically shrink their operations in order to survive. They estimate that General Motors Company may have to slash its production in North America by up to 68%, while Ford Motor Company could have to cut it by 58%.

Luxury manufacturers could lead market share in the  family autonomous vehicles  category. Further, they think Tesla s attempt at a mass market electric vehicle could be threatened by incumbents that enter the EV market and also by the  disappearance of the individual ownership model.  (Original Source) Snapchat CEO Declares Plans to Take the Company Public Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. Why Is Apple Inc. Still Investing in Apple Maps? When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) released Apple Maps in 2012 it was riddled with inaccuracies, featured limited capabilities, and quickly became the butt of many jokes. But Apple has improved the application in the last two and a half years, and it has a pretty good mapping app on its smartphones. However, Apple's maps app efforts are about more than smartphones.

Many point to an increased rivalry with Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) as the reason Apple decided to produce Apple Maps. But for a company that makes its money primarily from hardware sales, spending hundreds of millions on one piece of software to best a rival is crazy. Even when that company has $194 billion in cash on its balance sheet.

Apple has continued to invest in mapping capabilities and most recently purchased Coherent Navigation and renewed its license with TomTom. The TomTom deal gives Apple mapping assets that provide the backbone of Apple Maps. Apple can build on top of them with its own mapping data. The Coherent Navigation acquisition will bolster Apple's navigation and mapping capabilities with its location accuracy coming within centimeters of a user's actual position. Regular GPS, in comparison, is accurate within about 3 meters to 4 meters.

Why is Apple still spending money on improving Apple Maps?

It won't sell more iPhones, but it could sell more Apple Watches

About 24.8% of all smartphone owners in the U.S. use Apple Maps, according to comScore. With a 42.6% share of the U.S. smartphone market, that suggests 58% of iPhone owners use Apple Maps despite its terrible reputation.

Why does Apple care so much as long as users can get a great experience through whichever mapping app they choose? It is selling more iPhones than ever, $100 billion worth just last year and almost $100 billion more in the first half of its current fiscal year. The improvements in Maps has nothing to do with it.

Maps aren't an integral feature of the iPhone, but the need for an accurate mapping app that is tightly integrated with iOS could be more useful in Apple's newest product. Navigation and run-tracking features are main selling points of the Apple Watch. If users aren't confident in the accuracy of Apple's mapping software, they're less likely to use those features.

The acquisition of Coherent Navigation adds hyper-accurate GPS location data to Apple's arsenal, so Apple can pinpoint its users' location within centimeters instead of meters. That's not a big deal for someone getting directions, or even driving a car, but when it comes to buzzing a user's wrist when the person is walking or running, it's important not to buzz too soon or too late.

Mapping could also be used for future products

Even further down the line, Apple is rumored to be working on a self-driving car. A device like that requires extremely accurate mapping and location data, and Apple is building an arsenal of technology. The company has vans out on the street collecting mapping data, which could eventually lead to Apple creating its own map asset instead of licensing maps from TomTom.

Investors should look for Apple to integrate mapping and location-based data more closely with the Apple Watch and new devices in the future. That might be in the form of the Apple Watch receiving a dedicated GPS chip or more functions based on users' locations. It could involve an entirely new device that relies even more on the users' location. Or it might be how its devices interact with one another based on location (think smart home). Morning Watch: NXP Semiconductors (NXPI), Amag (AMAG), Great Basin Scientific ... Shares of NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI) are fractionally higher (0.26% to $111.00) in pre-market trading Thursday, after the company this morning announced a joint development of intelligent packaging solutions with with Stora Enso. The development will focus on integrating RFID into packages for consumer engagement and supply chain purposes.

Shares in the $25.85 billion market cap company are up 77.39% year-over-year and off about 0.39% from their May 27, 2015, $111.14 52-week high.

Shares of AMAG Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AMAG) lost over 3% to $64.50 in the pre-market session Thursday. The company today announced that it has received a response letter from the FDA regarding its manufacturing supplement seeking approval for a single-dose vial of Makena. A complete response letter is a communication from the FDA that informs companies that an application cannot be approved in its present form.

 We believe that the approval of a single-dose vial of Makena could provide important added flexibility and efficiency for our customers, with the assurance of a product that meets the FDA s strict quality requirements for sterile injectables,  stated William Heiden, CEO of AMAG.  We continue to plan for a commercial launch of the single-dose vial now in the fourth quarter of 2015. Importantly, we do not anticipate today s news changing our financial outlook for 2015. 

On valuation measures, AMAG shares are currently priced at 12.26x this year s forecasted earnings. Ticker has a t-12 price/sales ratio of 10.35. EPS for the same period registers at $5.44.

Shares of Great Basin Scientific, Inc. (GBSN) were higher marginally ($0.04 to $3.81) in pre-market hours after the molecular diagnostics firm announced continued expansion of the customer base utilizing the Great Basin sample-to-result molecular diagnostic technology during April and May. The company reported a total of 112 revenue-generating customers in the U.S. as of May 27, 2015, a 10.3% increase over the 101 customers reported as of the prior quarter ending March 31, 2015. Great Basin said active and scheduled customer evaluations, representing the company s sales pipeline, are 44 as of May 27.

Shares of Xbiotech Inc (XBIT) were up 5% to $21.02 this morning on news that the FDA has lifted its clinical hold from the company s IND, enabling launch of its therapy for S. aureus infections.

XBiotech was placed on clinical hold while it worked with the agency to prepare its novel therapy and manufacturing process for human studies. XBiotech said it will now begin enrollment of approximately 52 patients in a Phase 1/2 randomized, placebo-controlled, dose escalation study, which will evaluate safety and efficacy of the therapy to treat serious S. aureus infections.

John Simard, the company s CEO said in a statement,  We are grateful to the FDA for working very closely with us to launch the first of our new infectious disease therapies. It would be difficult to overstate the potential impact this new therapy could have on how therapies are developed and used to treat infections.

Shares of FXCM Inc. (FXCM) are up by 1.32% to $1.53 in pre-market trading on Thursday morning, after the company said it sell FXCM Hong Kong to Rakuten Securities, Inc., a top 5 FX broker in Japan, for approximately $36 million.

 We are pleased to extend our relationship and announce another transaction with Rakuten Sec through the sale of FXCM Hong Kong,  commented Drew Niv, CEO of FXCM.  This is another positive step towards FXCM completing its plan to sell non-core assets and repay the Leucadia loan. 

In the past 52 weeks, share of the New York-based online forex provider have traded between a low of $1.22 and a high of $17.44. Over the past 5 trading sessions the stock has gained 8.63%. Ticker is down 88.35% year-over-year and 90.89% year-to-date.

The chart below shows where the stock has traded over the last year. 
2015-09-13
Is Health Care Google's Next Big Business After Search? This Investment Bank ... Health is a big deal for Google. Two of its Alphabet companies are devoted to it. One of them, Life Sciences, recently named diabetes as its inaugural area of focus with other widespread diseases to come. Google s co-founders (and Alphabet chiefs) are obsessed with massive, intractable medical problems.

Yet the company has given minimal disclosures on its nascent, multi-pronged initiatives in health care. Still, one investment bank believes Google s efforts   which include inventions like its smart contact lens and miniature diabetes monitor, as well as its venture investments   could create its next multi-billion dollar business. In a sizable research note published last week, Cowen and Company wrote that Google s moves  represent significant unlocked value  that will start becoming clearer as the company separates the finances of Google and Alphabet in the fourth quarter.

 A closer look at Google s vast health care efforts,  the report says,  reveals that the company is targeting very large markets with an expansive list of projects that with even minor success could justify the company s recent investments. 

Cowen cites three major trends in the sector that play to Google s strengths: The digitization of health data; a shift toward paying for care based on value, rather than visits or tests; and genome sequencing. Google s cloud computing expertise positions it well in the first trend while it has, through the two Alphabet companies, Calico and Life Sciences, begun inking business deals aimed at the other two. In August, Life Sciences signed a partnership with pharmaceutical company Dexcom to make high-tech products for diabetics, a total market Cowen pegs at $20 billion in potential.

Then there are Google s investments. According to Cowen, Google Ventures currently backs 14 life sciences companies, including two   Flatiron Health and One Medical Group   with valuations over $1 billion. Another, Spruce Health, operates in telemedicine around dermatology, a market Cowen estimates at $5.7 billion.

However, the Cowen report doesn t attach a headline number to the total basket. Nothing like Google will have a $XX billion healthcare business by 2017. In part, that s because medical development moves at a glacial pace, with regulatory and research unpredictability. Also, Google isn t helping.

 It s just difficult to put numbers around it,  said John Blackledge, a Cowen analyst and report co-author.  It s always tough with a $400 billion company. 

Cowen did estimate that in the fourth quarter, when Google breaks out its core business results from the Alphabet remainder for the first time, the company will report between $3 billion and $5 billion in research and development costs outside of Google Inc. A huge portion of that will likely go to health care.

Should the digital health and medical tech markets expand, as Cowen and others expect, there s no guarantee Google-Alphabet will claim a lion s share of profits. Other tech companies do cloud computing well, arguably better as businesses. And several, including Fitbit and Apple, look better poised to seize on any boom in wearable health products. Also, the success of Calico and Life Sciences will depend on ample pharmaceutical and biotech partners, an industry in the midst of a stock market bloodletting.

Per Cowen, however, Google doesn t need to own health care as it does with search, but can clean up with some  minor success. 

 We might be early here,  Blackledge said.  Three years from now, if we re having the same conversation, we may be able to measure it better.  
2015-08-21
Tesla engineer joins Apple's growing team of automated car experts An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City, July 21, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar

DETROIT/SAN FRANCISCO Consumer electronics company Apple Inc (AAPL.O) has hired a senior engineer from electric car maker Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA.O), according to a LinkedIn posting, as part of Apple's effort to build a team of experts in automated driving.

A LinkedIn profile for Jamie Carlson shows that he has left Tesla and moved to Apple. At least six others with experience developing self-driving technology and systems have joined Apple, according to their LinkedIn profiles.

Attempts to reach all seven people were unsuccessful and Apple declined to comment.

Sources have said that Apple is developing a car and studying self-driving technology, but it is unclear if the iPhone maker is designing a vehicle that could drive itself.

Since January, Apple has hired Megan McClain, a former Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) engineer with expertise in automated driving, and Vinay Palakkode, a graduate researcher at Carnegie Mellon University, a hub of automated driving research.

In August, Apple hired Xianqiao Tong, an engineer who developed computer vision software for driver assistance systems at microchip maker Nvidia Corp (NVDA.O).

The Wall Street Journal has reported that Apple hired Paul Furgale, former deputy director of the Autonomous Systems Lab at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, earlier this year.

So-called advanced driver assistance systems, or ADAS, handle tasks such as keeping a vehicle in a lane or driving by itself in stop-and-go traffic, and they are considered the building blocks for self-driving cars.

According to Carlson's LinkedIn profile, he joined Apple in August in an unnamed position in a special projects group.

Through July, Carlson was an engineer on Tesla's Autopilot self-driving car program, and before that he worked on automotive vision systems for Michigan-based supplier Gentex Corp.

Other Apple hires since September 2014 with similar experience have worked at automakers BMW AG (BMWG.DE), Volkswagen and Ford Motor Co (F.N), automotive suppliers Delphi Automotive (DLPH.N), Robert Bosch GmbH [ROBG.UL] and TRW, now a part of ZF Friedrichshafen AG [ZFF.UL], according to their LinkedIn profiles.

Among those hired last fall were Sanjai Massey, an engineer with experience in developing connected and automated vehicles at Ford and several suppliers; Stefan Weber, a former Bosch engineer with experience in video-based driver assistance systems, and Lech Szumilas, a former Delphi research scientist with expertise in computer vision and object detection.

(Editing by Peter Henderson and Matthew Lewis) 
2015-03-23
Google Inc. Is Getting Ready to Crush Apple Inc.'s Siri and Microsoft's Cortana Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently announced that it will open up the application program interface, or API, for its personal assistant Google Now to developers, which will allow third-party companies to create interactive "cards" for the app.

Let's look at the business of personal assistants, and how Google's move could marginalize competing services such as Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Siri and Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Cortana.

The business of digital assistants

The intelligent virtual agent, or IVA, market is expected to grow from $352 million in 2012 to $2.1 billion by 2019, according to Transparency Market Research. But for Google, Apple, and Microsoft, the IVA market is less about generating revenue and more about locking in users since their assistants are bundled with their respective products.

When Apple launched Siri in 2011, it sparked mainstream interest in the IVA market. Google responded the following year with Google Now, a voice assistant that mined users' search and locations histories to display relevant cards. The iOS version of Google Now lacked voice commands, which were eventually added in late 2013.

In response to Siri and Now, Microsoft launched Cortana last year. Cortana is exclusive to Windows Phones, but Microsoft reportedly plans to launch the service as an app for iOS and Android devices.

Google wants Google Now to be everywhere

Last year, Google delivered Google Now cards on users' wrists with Android Wear, its slimmed-down OS for smartwatches. In January, it launched a pilot program that enabled about 40 companies -- including Pandora, Duolingo, eBay, Zillow, and Lyft -- to create cards.

For example, the Pandora card can add music recommendations to Now, and the Duolingo card can remind users to take their daily Spanish lesson. When placed on Android Wear, these cards become miniature smartwatch apps.

Opening up the Google Now API to all developers was the inevitable next step. If more companies hop aboard, Google Now will receive more third party-data to scour through with voice search. This could make Google Now a more powerful voice search assistant than Siri or Cortana.

By comparison, Apple hasn't provided developers with an official open API for Siri. Microsoft opened up Cortana's API to other companies last year, but interest could remain low until it launches on other platforms such as iOS, Android, and Windows 10.

Plans for ecosystem growth

Google and Microsoft share a common goal with IVAs: to tether more users to their search and advertising ecosystems.

Google is still the king of search, with an 88% market share worldwide, according to StatCounter's January 2015 numbers. But Microsoft Bing (which also includes Yahoo! results) controls nearly 9%. Advertising accounts for the majority of Google's top line, but it's not a meaningful source of revenue for Microsoft. However, that might change after Microsoft consolidates the mobile and PC markets with Windows 10, which will use Cortana to synchronize both offline and online search data to the cloud.

Apple's plans aren't as well defined. It doesn't generate meaningful revenue from advertising, and its cloud ecosystem is much smaller than Google's or Microsoft's. Since Apple doesn't have its own search ecosystem, Siri queries a mix of apps and sites, such as Bing, Yahoo!, Google, Wolfram Alpha, Rotten Tomatoes, The New York Times, and Yelp. To reduce Google's influence over Siri, Apple made Bing Siri's default search engine in iOS 7.

Unlike Google Now and Cortana, there's no clear way to monetize Siri. It certainly felt like a "killer app" in 2011, but today all three major mobile platforms have their own digital assistants.

Benefits and drawbacks

Google Now excels at showcasing Google's ability to track users' activities across its ecosystem. It uses those strengths to widen its defensive moat against Siri and Cortana, and helps Google retain a presence on iOS devices.

However, opening up Google Now to other companies could clutter up its carefully curated feed with spam. If that spam spills over to Android Wear devices, it could reduce demand for the company's OEMs' smartwatches, which only shipped 720,000 units last year, according to research firm Canalys.

The takeaway

Google is clearly serious about evolving its search engine beyond a search bar. With voice search and interest-based cards, Google Now has become the public face of the company's sprawling ecosystem. Opening up Now's API to third-party developers is certainly risky, but it could quickly expand its ecosystem beyond its own borders and leave Siri and Cortana in the dust. Assembler Pegatron's record 2014 profit puts Apple reliance in spotlight TAIPEI Strong iPhone 6 sales lifted annual net profit at Pegatron Corp, the Taiwanese assembler of Apple Inc, to a record high, as its chief executive questioned the company's reliance on smartphones to generate revenue.

Pegatron on Monday said 2014 net profit rose 53.4 percent from the previous year to T$14.66 billion ($466.8 million).

Fourth-quarter net profit also surged 68 percent to a record T$5.68 billion, as revenue from its communication devices business grew to account for just under two-thirds of its overall revenue, up from 30 percent in the same year-ago period.

Asked about Pegatron's reliance on smartphones, Chief Executive Jason Cheng told an earnings briefing Pegatron was taking advantage of a good business opportunity.

But he added: "It's definitely not a good thing to be too concentrated on just a few clients. But you can't avoid the fact that mobile phones have been fast sellers. When good business comes your way, how can you not take it?"

Apple sold more than expected iPhones over the year-end holiday season.

Last month, a labor rights group said low costs helped Pegatron win business from Apple, which allegedly moved some orders from rival Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd after an increase in labor costs aimed at addressing a spate of worker suicides in 2010.

Pegatron's strong communication device revenue contrasts with weaker sales of most of the other tech products it assembles: computers' contribution to revenue fell 38 percent, while consumer devices, which includes tablets and video game consoles, dropped 17 percent, it said.

"They should be careful about their reliance on Apple," said Fubon Securities analyst Arthur Liao, who estimates Apple products contributed as much as 59 percent to Pegatron's revenue last year.

Pegatron rival Hon Hai has struck several deals to diversify away from contract manufacturing, including buying a stake in a Taiwanese telecom provider. On Monday, it said it was teaming up with Chinese social networking firm Tencent Holdings Ltd to develop opportunities related to electric vehicles.

(Reporting by Michael Gold; Editing by Miral Fahmy) Smart Cities Are Coming, And Cisco Systems, Inc Is Ready Though still relatively new here in the U.S., the advent of "smart cities" is taking hold around the globe. A key, yet often overlooked, component of the Internet of Things (IoT), smart cities are expected to become a huge market for innovative companies willing and able to get onboard. Sure, IoT encompasses a great deal more than smart cities -- cars, homes, and businesses are all becoming inter-connected, and there is no shortage of companies dipping their toes in the IoT waters.

Big hitters including Google, Apple, and Microsoft are all taking steps to incorporate IoT into the world's cars and homes. What separates Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO) from the rest of that formidable pack is its emphasis on smart cities. And according to new data from Gartner and others, the opportunities for Cisco in a smarter and more connected world are staggering.

What is a smart city?

Imagine intersections, highways, and public transportation systems all inter-connected using powerful sensors to measure and manipulate the most efficient means of traveling. Or providing a city's or county's citizens with real-time air quality data, in conjunction with public transportation alternatives, to help mitigate the environmental impact of the world's drivers, particularly on poor air quality days.

Efficiently moving the world's commuters is only the tip of the smart city iceberg. Cisco is already working with Kansas City to install IoT -- or as CEO John Chambers refers to it, the Internet of Everything (IoE) -- devices to monitor and automatically alert authorities if there are obstructions on public train lines.

Commercial buildings are also part of the smart city world, as Cisco is proving. In Maryland, Cisco worked in conjunction with county officials to construct an affordable housing complex with automated solutions that alert emergency responders to everything from relatively minor problems like water leaks to potentially life-threatening crises like fires. And Cisco is developing smart city solutions like these around the world.

How big is big?

This year alone,, there are expected to be 1.1 billion connected "things" as part of the smart city expansion, according to Gartner. That's an impressive figure, but pales in comparison to what's expected in 2016 and beyond. By next year, smart cities will account for over 1.7 billion devices, and nearly 2.7 billion in 2017.

The good news for leading smart city providers like Cisco, and long-term investors, is the growth will continue. By 2020, Gartner predicts there will be 9.7 billion connected items in the world's cities. In terms of revenue potential, one study suggests that smart cities will become a $1.7 trillion market. It's no wonder then, with so much upside, Gartner said, "Smart cities represent a great revenue opportunity for technology and services providers (TSPs), but providers need to start to plan, engage and position their offerings now." Which is exactly what Cisco is doing.

Cisco's priming the smart city pump

In addition to the aforementioned U.S. regions, Cisco has signed agreements with a host of international cities. From Hamburg, to Barcelona, Santiago, Chile, and multiple cities in Denmark, among others, Cisco is aggressively pursuing the smart city opportunity.

And if Cisco's fiscal 2014 and Q4 financial results are any indication -- and they are -- Chambers' focus on IoE solutions delivered via the cloud are right on track. Last week's announcement that Cisco has opened a new IoE "innovation center" in Australia -- its eighth worldwide -- makes it clear there are no plans to slow down anytime soon. Which should be music to investors' ears.

Make no mistake, Cisco isn't limiting its IoE efforts to smart cities. But the potentially lucrative deals industry behemoths like Apple and Microsoft have recently inked with car manufacturers, and Google's going all in on smart homes as evidenced by its $3.2 billion deal for Nest, mean the competition in these IoT markets is fierce, and will become even worse going forward. But smart cities? Cisco's not alone, but it is head-and-shoulders above the rest, and is just scratching the surface. Facebook Inc's New Service Could Disrupt PayPal and Square Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) just unveiled a payments system for Messenger that will let users pay each other via messages. The feature will launch for iOS, Android, and PCs over the next few months in the U.S. Payments will be secured by Touch ID on iOS devices and a PIN code for other platforms.

This move is a clear declaration of war against the peer-to-peer payments market, which includes eBay's (NASDAQ:EBAY) PayPal, Square, and Venmo. Like Square and Venmo, Facebook's peer-to-peer debit card payments will be free. All three services undercut PayPal, which still charges 2.9% plus $0.30 per debit transaction.

Facebook's aggressive blitz on the mobile payments market isn't surprising, since it hired former PayPal CEO David Marcus to run Messenger last June.

With over 500 million monthly active users (MAUs) as of last November, Facebook Messenger certainly has the muscle to marginalize these smaller rivals. Last year, PayPal had 161.5 million active accounts while Square had just 5 million active users. Venmo has been installed less than a million times from Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Play.

The evolving market of peer-to-peer payments

PayPal, which will be spun off from eBay later this year, revolutionized peer-to-peer payments by letting users pay each other via email. But social networks, aided by the rapid adoption of smartphones, are now disrupting that framework.

That's why social networks like Facebook, Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), and Snapchat are expanding into mobile payments. Square also spotted this trend -- that's why it integrated its system into Snapchat's new Snapcash app.

Facebook's entry into this market is clever, because it eliminates the need to use two separate apps for chatting and paying. For example, if you have dinner with a group of friends, it's arguably easier to split the bill via Messenger instead of making sure everyone has a PayPal account. That level of convenience could help Facebook tap into the rise of U.S. mobile payments, which research firm Forrester expects to rise from $50 billion in 2014 to $142 billion by 2019.

The tip of the iceberg

Adding peer-to-peer payments to Messenger is just one of Facebook's e-commerce initiatives. Over the past two years, it worked with PayPal, Braintree, and Stripe to auto-fill billing details for e-commerce checkouts, then added a "Buy" button to let users directly purchase products from the News Feed. Facebook claims that it now processes over a million transactions daily.

Meanwhile, more Facebook users are accessing the site from mobile devices. Between the first and fourth quarters of 2014, the percentage of its MAUs on mobile devices rose from 79% to 86%. That's why Facebook unbundled Messenger from its main app last year: It wanted to bolt on new features like mobile payments.

Adding more services can help Facebook boost average revenue per user (ARPU) as MAU growth gradually slows down. Between the first and fourth quarters of 2014, Facebook's year-over-year MAU growth declined from 15% to 13%. However, its ARPU rose from $1.95 to $2.77, thanks to new ad products and higher ad prices.

It's an ecosystem play

Since Facebook is offering its peer-to-peer payment system for free, it's an ecosystem play instead of a monetization one. Facebook is simply trying to lock more users into its Messenger app to bleed out rivals like PayPal, which must monetize payments to survive.

It's also a way to challenge Google, which uses Google Wallet to offer free peer-to-peer payments. Google also doesn't need to monetize Wallet -- it just wants to tether more users to its ecosystem. Facebook and Google have already been battling it out across third-party apps and sites with single sign-ons, and the mobile payments market is just another flashpoint in that ongoing war.

Lastly, adding payments to Messenger overseas could help it compete against popular Asian chat apps like Tencent's WeChat, which can be used for mobile payments, e-commerce purchases, and mobile gaming. Messenger could also eventually help the 92 million expats on Facebook avoid high remittance fees for international transfers.

The bottom line

Facebook's move into mobile payments is a smart move that could turn the network's massive user base into a huge peer-to-peer payments network. If this initiative gains momentum and locks more Facebook users into Messenger, then PayPal, Square, and Venmo could be in serious trouble. IBM to share technology with China in strategy shift - CEO BEIJING IBM Corp (IBM.N) will share technology with Chinese firms and will actively help build China's industry, CEO Virginia Rometty said in Beijing as she set out a strategy for one of the foreign firms hardest hit by China's shifting technology policies.

IBM must help China build its IT industry rather than viewing the country solely as a sales destination or manufacturing base, Rometty said at the China Development Forum, an annual Chinese government-sponsored conference bringing together business executives and China's ruling elite.

"If you're a country, as China is, of 1.3 billion people you would want an IT industry as well," the chief executive said on Monday. "I think some firms find that perhaps frightening. We, though, at IBM ... find that to be a great opportunity."

Rometty's remarks were among the clearest acknowledgements to date by a high-ranking foreign technology executive that companies must adopt a different tack if they are to continue in China amid growing political pressure.

A number of U.S. technology companies operating in China are forming alliances with domestic operators, hoping a local partner will make it easier to operate in the increasingly tough environment for foreign businesses.

China has been pushing for the use of more Chinese and less foreign-made technology, to grow its own tech sector and in response to ex-U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden's leaks about U.S. cyber surveillance.

IBM's sales in China have stabilized after a sharp drop that began in the third quarter of 2013 following Snowden's revelations. The Armonk, New York-based company reported a 1 percent slide in revenue in China during the fourth quarter of 2014, compared with the prior year.

IBM's new approach allows Chinese companies to build everything from semiconductor chips and servers based on IBM architecture, to the software that runs on those machines.

Last week IBM said Suzhou PowerCore Technology Co will begin producing a version of IBM's Power8 chip to run on Chinese-made servers. Its POWER line of processors is often used for intensive calculations in financial services, where Chinese banks have been required by new government regulations to use more domestic vendors.

The U.S. company had already announced a series of partnerships with Chinese vendors and now packages its database software with products from Inspur (0596.HK), a server hardware maker and IBM rival, and has also struck agreements with Youyou, a Beijing-based software firm.

Other vendors are making similar efforts.

SAP SE (SAPG.DE) Greater China head Mark Gibbs for instance said in October the company sought to be a "complementary player to the Chinese market  by selling its software on hardware made by Lenovo Inc (0992.HK) and Huawei Technologies.

(Editing by David Holmes) Will Microsoft Corporation's $70 Lumia 430 Threaten Google Inc. in Emerging ... Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) recently unveiled its cheapest Lumia smartphone to date -- the $70 Lumia 430. The 4-inch phone is equipped with a 2-megapixel camera, 1GB of RAM and 8GB of storage, and runs on a dual-core 1.2GHz Snapdragon processor. By comparison, Microsoft's second "cheapest" Lumia, the $81 Lumia 435, has nearly identical specs but a slightly bigger battery.

The Lumia 430 will come with Windows Phone 8.1 installed, but it will be upgraded to Windows 10 later this year. The spartan handset also comes with Office, Skype, and 30GB of OneDrive storage.

Devices like the Lumia 430 are intended to shore up Microsoft's defenses against Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), which is trying to consolidate its lead in emerging markets with its Android One initiative. Will Microsoft's devices curb Android's growth in low-end markets, or is Google already too far ahead?

Google isn't invincible

At first glance, Google seems to the king of the mobile world. Android devices accounted for 77% of the global smartphone market at the end of 2014, according to IDC. However, Google's Achilles' heel is Android's fragmentation. According to Google, only 3.3% of all Android devices worldwide run 5.0 Lollipop, which means many of Android's newest features won't work on the majority of its phones.

ABI Research also estimates that 29% of Android devices shipped in the fourth quarter of 2014 were "forked" ones. Forked operating systems sometimes replace Google's revenue-generating services, like Play and Search, with their own services. Lastly, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), the largest Android manufacturer in the world, launched its own app store and is testing out Tizen, its own OS, on select devices.

Since Google can't monetize Android if its services are removed, it launched its Android One initiative to convince regional OEMs to develop cheap phones which run stock Android 5.0 for around $100. But Google's minimum hardware requirements make it tough for those OEMs to match Microsoft's plunging prices. Nonetheless, some regional non-Android One devices, like the $35 Celkon Campus Nova, still cost less than the cheapest Lumias.

Smarter dumbphones, cheaper smartphones

Over the past year, Microsoft made its feature phones smarter and its smartphones cheaper.

In January, it launched the Nokia 215, a $29 Series 30 feature phone which comes with with web apps like Facebook, Facebook Messenger, Twitter, Opera, Bing Search, and MSN Weather preinstalled. The device tethers users to Microsoft's ecosystem while bridging the gap between old "dumbphones" and low-end smartphones like the Lumia 430.

Microsoft's ultimate goal in emerging markets is to grow a market of first-time smartphone users by planting roots in the feature phone market. If that works, Microsoft can expand its ecosystem by gaining more Bing, OneDrive, and Office users, then consolidate the market by upgrading all those devices to Windows 10.

Windows 10 could be a game changer

Microsoft is certainly an underdog in the mobile industry, with only 2.8% of the global smartphone market (IDC), but Windows remains installed on over 90% of the world's PCs. Microsoft wants to unify that market under a single OS by offering Windows 10 as a free upgrade to Windows 7 and 8 users, and even recently extended that offer to include pirated versions.

On the mobile front, Microsoft nixed Windows license fees for phones and small tablets last year to encourage more OEMs to launch Windows-powered mobile devices. Microsoft also revealed that it was developing a ROM to help users install Windows Phone on Android devices.

Microsoft's strategy is simple: to install upgradable versions of Windows on as many devices as possible. If Microsoft pulls this off, the entire range of Microsoft devices -- from the Lumia 430 to a top-tier Surface Pro 3 -- will all run the same OS with access to the same "universal" apps.

The bottom line

In my opinion, Microsoft's approach to the mobile market is much clearer than Google's. As Google struggles to keep its rebellious OEM partners on the same page, Microsoft is laying out the groundwork for a multi-platform Windows 10 blitz that could help it gain considerable ground against Google in key emerging markets like India. 
2015-06-15
Audi CEO: Google Inc. Could Turn Driverless Cars Into Data Miners Volkswagen's (NASDAQOTH:VLKAY) Audi recently stood up against Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) potential plans for driverless vehicles.

During a recent business event in Berlin, Audi CEO Rupert Stadler stated, "A car is one's second living room today -- that's private. The only person who needs access to the data onboard is the customer." Stadler added that Audi takes data privacy "seriously," and that it didn't want its customers to feel "exploited."

Stadler didn't call out Google by name, but it was a clear warning against the data mining potential of Google's autonomous vehicles. Fellow German automaker Daimler (NASDAQOTH:DDAIF), which owns Mercedes-Benz, also expressed similar reservations about data privacy in connected vehicles. This represents a big setback for Google, which has been trying to forge stronger relationships with German automakers over the past few months.



Does anyone still trust Google?

Audi isn't the only company to criticize Google's business practices. Back in 2011, Google launched Google Wallet, a PayPal-like service for storing debit, credit, loyalty, and gift cards. However, many major banks refused to sign up with Google, since the company requested permission to mine customer data on purchases and other behavior.



During a recent speech in Washington, D.C., Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook accused Google and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) of "gobbling up everything they can learn about you and trying to monetize it" with ads.



Apple subsequently revealed plans to let developers make ad-blocking extensions for mobile Safari in iOS 9. Since Google generates about 75% of its mobile ad revenue from iOS devices, Apple's sneaky blow could seriously hurt Google's top line. Apple also blocked Google services like Google Maps on CarPlay, its dashboard mirroring platform for connected cars.



Looking ahead, other automakers could follow Audi's lead and refuse to license Google's autonomous tech, which would dash its dreams of getting driverless cars onto roads by 2020.



Google's Trojan horse strategy

The perception of "free" Google services acting as "trojan horses" for data mining has hurt the company's public image and the overall perception of mobile apps.

Last year, a survey by research company Survata found that average Americans trusted the NSA more than Google. A recent study conducted by international trade association MEF found that in 2014, 72% of worldwide respondents disliked sharing personal information while using mobile apps, compared to 65% in 2013.



Yet handing out free candy with data-mining strings attached has always been a core Google business strategy. That's how it tethered consumers and companies to services and platforms like Search, Android, Drive, and Chrome OS. But in exchange for that "free" software, Google's OEM partners do the heavy lifting and take on the overhead risks of manufacturing and selling the hardware.

That strategy worked with smartphones and tablets, since plenty of companies were eager to launch mobile devices to challenge Apple's iPhones and iPads. But it probably won't work with major automakers, which already have well-established customer bases. In my opinion, many automakers won't be willing to license free or cheap driverless tech from Google in exchange for customer data.

Who wins if Google loses?

Google's driverless car ambitions also simply aren't practical. The company must remap roads in "high detail" to be recognized by its driverless cars, the cars only have a max speed of 25 mph, and the prototypes are equipped with up to $250,000 in road scanning equipment.



Google's road scanning tech will inevitably improve, maximum speeds will rise, and costs will drop. But no matter how cheap Google's technology gets, it probably still can't compete against cheap semi-autonomous collision avoidance systems from companies like Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY).

Mobileye's system, which synchronizes basic cameras and radars to braking systems, can prevent a car from hitting other vehicles or pedestrians for just $1,000. An upcoming system can detect lane markers and cruise down any road -- not just the ones that have been digitally mapped out. That's why over 90% of leading automakers (including Audi) have already signed deals with Mobileye.



When low-tech trumps high-tech

Google hasn't stated whether or not it will track passengers in its driverless cars. But considering Google's track record with search, mobile devices, and payments, it's highly likely. If that's true, Google's long-term vision for autonomous vehicles is audacious: Users simply summon a car with their phone, hop in, and reach their intended destination. In exchange, Google retains that data and uses it to craft targeted ads across other devices.

Unfortunately for Google, automakers likely won't let it mine their customers for data. Therefore, the only way Google can possibly realize its dream is to manufacture cars on its own -- an idea that Chief Business Officer Omid Kordestani dismissed during the Code Conference in late May.

 
2015-06-28
Amazon.com, Inc. Wants to Turn Its Personal Assistant, Alexa, Into a Leading ... Just days after Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) opened up Echo orders to the public (following an invite-only period), the e-commerce giant is making another move to bolster its virtual assistant Alexa, which has thus far resided exclusively in its Echo device. Amazon has just issued a trio of press releases (here, here, and here) announcing its plans to open up Alexa to third-party developers and hardware makers. Let's break down each of these announcements and assess the threat to Apple's(NASDAQ:AAPL) Siri and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) Now.

Anyone can play

Third-party hardware manufacturers are now able to integrate Alexa Voice Service, or AVS, into their connected devices. Importantly, this is a free service, so the overall cost of implementation is very low. Manufacturers can add AVS with "just a few lines of code," according to Amazon executive Greg Hart. All the device needs is an Internet connection, a microphone, and a speaker. Amazon details some ambitious possibilities, such as a connected car that can access Alexa on the road.

Developers, developers, developers

Amazon is also releasing a software development kit -- called Alexa Skills Kit -- full of self-service application programming interfaces, or APIs, and tools that developers can begin using to tap into Alexa. Existing web services can similarly incorporate Alexa with "just a few lines of code."

Developers can create new "skills" for Alexa to learn, which really paves the way for third-party innovation. This is where the true potential for platform growth lies. Speaking of encouraging innovation ...

Funding Alexa

The e-tailer is also putting its money where its mouth is. Amazon is pledging $100 million into a new Alexa Fund with the goal to support developers and OEMs that want to utilize the service. The fund will selectively invest in any ideas that leverage Alexa and present unique applications of the technology. To start, Alexa Fund has seven initial investments, and anyone can apply.

Leapfrogging Apple and Google

Interestingly, even though Amazon was one of the last major players to release a voice-powered virtual assistant, it is the first to open it up to third-parties. Developers have been waiting for Apple and Google to open up their respective assistants for years to no avail. Only now are the Mac maker and search giant seemingly willing to open up their voice platforms. To date, only unofficial hacks are available for developer use.

In early 2014, The Information reported that Apple was planning on opening up Siri to third-party developers, but that has not yet materialized. More recently, 9to5Mac detailed a new API called "Breadcrumbs" that would be part of iOS 9, which would give developers limited access to Siri, in order to balance privacy concerns. This could refer to the Search API that Apple announced, where Siri cannot search within apps and even deep-link users directly into specific content within apps.

Likewise, Google confirmed in March that an open API for Google Now was in development, which would also allow third-party developers to utilize the proactive service. Google currently has a pilot program that includes around 40 third-party services, which is definitely a start. However, the company did not announce anything at its I/O developer conference last month.

A Nuanced threat

Meanwhile, this could also be perceived as a threat to Nuance Communications (NASDAQ:NUAN), even if that company is not the intended target. Much of Nuance's business is built on licensing its leading voice recognition engine to other companies, which Amazon is now offering for free. Amazon says it will do all of the backend work necessary to hear, understand, and process voice input. Google has always made its in-house engine available to OEMs through Android but only within that specific context. Amazon has broad ambitions and even has Intuit on board, which is planning on adding Alexa to its incredibly popular Mint personal finance management service.

Nuance's largest operating segment is healthcare (48% of revenue last quarter), which is likely specialized enough that it is fairly safe. But Nuance also derives a significant portion of sales from its mobile and consumer business (25% of revenue last quarter), as well as its enterprise segment (18% of revenue last quarter). These are precisely the verticals that Alexa will appeal to -- for free.

Alexa needs to be open in order to survive

Since Amazon was so late compared to Apple and Google, Alexa is facing an uphill battle in terms of user adoption and awareness. At this point, Apple and Google enjoy a combined installed base of hundreds of millions of devices that carry either Siri or Now. Every iPhone since 2011 has Siri, and Android is easily the dominant mobile platform in the world today. Google Now is also available on iOS.

If Amazon hopes for Alexa to become relevant, it absolutely needs support from third-party developers and OEMs, and untethering Alexa from Echo is undoubtedly the right call. This may also prove to be an important differentiating factor since Siri and Now are not open to third parties ... yet. With this announcement, Apple and Google might just opt to accelerate their own timelines in order to remove Amazon's only advantage. 
2015-03-31
Google Is Positioned To Dominate The VR/AR Market Virtual and Augmented Reality (VR/AR) technologies are gaining traction, and competition is getting more intense. A number of tech giants have been mentioned as possible leaders for the evolving market. However, only one of them has a clear and proven strategy to win the market. In this article, I introduce the VR/AR market, Google's consumer electronics strategy and how it will be implemented in the VR/AR case, the competition and why Google is positioned to dominate that market.

Virtual and Augmented Reality Market

In recent years, many new technology trends attempted (and some succeeded) to change small parts of our lives. Web 2.0 and social media changed the way we use the internet, instant messaging changed the way we interact with each other and mobile apps changed the amount of time we dedicate to personal technology devices. New technological trends such as wearables, the Internet of Things, and autonomous cars are evolving and have not yet become widely adopted, but we may assume they will become a part of our lives in the near future. In the background of these trends, another technology is rising that is expected to be used in the long run - virtual and augmented reality.

Older readers may remember the virtual reality trend of the 90s and the poor experience it provided users. Average display quality, together with technological difficulties and high selling prices, drove little unit demand to the market and the market disappeared slowly and quietly from our lives. A number of companies saw the potential of the use of virtual and augmented reality in military, healthcare, personal interaction and, of course, gaming and decided to revive this industry. The VR/AR market became widely known once again, when Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) introduced Project Glass in 2012 and received a big boost two years later when Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) acquired virtual reality leader Oculus VR for $2B. Facebook's acquisition ignited users and investors' imaginations of how Facebook was going to implement that technology into the Facebook app.

Even though Google and Facebook attract most of the attention in the market, other tech giants, such as Sony (NYSE:SNE), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) and HTC (OTC:HTCXF), have also introduced VR/AR headsets lately and have fueled the buzz around this technology trend. Although so many tech giants have been involved in bringing up the VR/AR market and ecosystem, the industry still remembers the previous failure two decades ago and has provided cautious estimations for a potential market size range between $1.06B and $5.02B by 2018. As the ecosystem is currently evolving and general public acceptance is still unknown, the conservative estimations present an impressive revenue potential that the tech companies cannot overlook. To lead this evolving market in the future, companies need to take the right steps now to position themselves ahead of the competition. I believe that by executing its consumer electronics strategy adjusted to the VR/AR market, Google is positioned to dominate that market.

Google's Consumer Electronics Strategy

Before everything else, Google is a software developer; however, to bring a comprehensive Google solution to the market, Google has to deliver not only a remarkable software solution but also a world class hardware solution. The best way for a software developer to release a combined software/hardware solution is by focusing its strengths to deliver the best software it can and partnering with other technology leaders to deliver the best hardware solution to accompany it.

Let's take Google's strategy in the smartphone market as an example. The company distributes Android for free (or almost free) and collects revenue from purchases made in the Play store. At the same time, Google designed a device optimized for Android that is manufactured and sold by a leading hardware vendor (i.e., Nexus 5 by LG and Nexus 6 by Lenovo/Motorola Mobility). Google compromises on razor-thin margins from hardware sales to expand its Android ecosystem. Google applied the same strategy to PCs through Chromebook, to smart TVs through LG Google TV and to smartwatches through Android Wear. Google's strategy for the VR/AR market is not different.

As it did in other consumer electronics markets, Google is reportedly developing a dedicated Android OS version for VR/AR headsets. This version of Android completes the software part of Google's VR/AR offering. The hardware part will be based on the first generation of Google Glass, which was recently discontinued. In Gen 1 of Glass, Google worked directly with Foxconn to manufacture the device with no OEM partners in between. At this point, Google has two alternatives regarding the hardware part:

(1) Independent Development: Google could continue to develop, design, and manufacture next generations of Glass by itself using the vast experience it has gained in other consumer electronics markets. This alternative will bypass the OEMs and improve the product margin of Glass but will put Google in direct competition with companies that are Google's customers and partners in other markets, such as Samsung, HTC, and Sony. This alternative may drive slightly better financials but may risk Google's strategic partnerships in other markets that maintain the Android ecosystem. I believe this is the least probable alternative.

(2) OEM Co-Development: Google could partner with a major OEM to bring the Glass to market as it does in the smartphone market, for example, with Motorola Mobility. In this alternative, Google keeps its strategic alliances intact and reduces its involvement in the manufacturing process in which Google has no added-value over the lead OEMs. Google may have some experience with driving the Glass development and manufacturing processes, but Glass was only a beta version produced in small volume, and in mass production, Google will need an experienced OEM to lead the process flawlessly and efficiently. I believe this is the feasible and probable alternative.

Google has not only gained considerable experience in hardware development and manufacturing, but it also collected a significant amount of feedback provided by Glass users. This feedback is a great advantage for Google over the competition as its headset was already publicly used, and feedback received will be used to produce a better end product that meets the customers' requirements, needs and wishes.

Competition

As mentioned above, Google competitors in the VR/AR market include prominent players like Sony, Microsoft, Samsung and HTC. However, the biggest competition, as it appears right now, is expected from Facebook, thanks to its Oculus VR acquisition that was mentioned above. Oculus is the VR/AR market leader in regard to technology and user experience, and it is also used to power the Samsung Gear VR headset. In the latest Facebook F8 conference, Mark Zuckerberg introduced the company's vision for the Facebook Messenger app, which included VR/AR content sharing based on the Oculus technology.

Facebook's strength in social media together with the Oculus technology and its viable VR/AR usages for gaming, chatting and video sharing puts the company in the front line of competitors against Google. However, Facebook's biggest disadvantage is its lack of experience in the consumer electronics market that even the Oculus acquisition cannot compensate for. Facebook is a pure software developer and unlike Google, it had never released a consumer electronic device; Oculus Rift is its first attempt in this area. Since Facebook and Oculus have no experience in the consumer electronics market, in trying to dominate the VR/AR market, Facebook faces a dilemma of whether to license the Oculus technology to other OEMs to create an ecosystem around its solution or to try and release the Oculus Rift independently. Facebook has no experience in either scenario and may risk the strength Oculus has in the VR/AR market if it delivers an inadequate end product. Facebook seems to take a big bet with Oculus on the VR/AR market than could either be a huge success or a devastating failure.

Other competitors include Microsoft HoloLens, a VR/AR headset powered by Windows 10; Sony Morpheus, targeted for the gaming industry; and Samsung Gear VR, which uses Oculus technology and is powered by Samsung Note 4.

On the operating system side, there are only two main alternatives currently available: Microsoft Windows or Android. As it is hard to imagine, Microsoft licenses Windows for other vendors to use. Android is expected to gain a large market share in the VR/AR market as it did in the smartphone, smart watch and smart TV markets. This is a big win for Google on the OS front. Together with its headset advantage, Google is positioned for success in the VR/AR market.

Conclusions

Google has a clear strategy for penetrating the new consumer electronics market. Google dominates the market's software with a dedicated OS version and offers a device that is designed by the company and manufactured by a well-known hardware vendor. In the VR/AR, Google is executing the same strategy with the next generation of Google Glass and Android VR. The company's significant experience with Glass will allow it to release a better device to the market that has good chances of being widely accepted. Also, like what happened in the other market and as long as there is no real alternative, Android is expected to dominate the VR/AR market. Google's leading position in the OS and headset fronts makes it the best candidate for a market leader position in this evolving market.

As exciting as it is, Google will not generate revenues from the VR/AR market anytime soon that should trigger a buy decision. However, in the longer term (probably around 2017), when VR/AR becomes widely accepted technology, Google is expected to lead the market and benefit from increased revenues.

Disclosure: The author is long GOOG.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Information provided in this article is for informational purposes only and should not be regarded as investment advice or a recommendation regarding any particular security or course of action. This information is the writer s opinion about the companies mentioned in the article. Investors should conduct their own due diligence and consult with a registered financial adviser before making any investment decision. Lior Ronen and Finro are not registered financial advisers and shall not have any liability for any damages of any kind whatsoever relating to this material. By accepting this material, you acknowledge, understand and accept the foregoing. 3 Reasons Google Inc. Should Fear Facebook Inc. Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) are the two most popular websites in the world, according to Amazon's Alexa web traffic tracker. Google is the world's top search engine, controlling 88% of all queries, while Facebook is the top social network in the world with 1.39 billion monthly active users.

Google and Facebook both generate most of their revenue from advertising, but Facebook has big plans to disrupt Google's entire ecosystem. Let's take a closer look at three of these strategies, and how they could impact Google's long-term plans.

1. Facebook's "invisible" OS

Unlike Google, Apple, and Amazon, Facebook lacks a mobile OS which can be monetized by app and media sales. Two years ago, Facebook took a baby step toward building a mobile OS with Facebook Home, its replacement launcher for Android, but the app failed to turn Android devices into "Facebook phones."

Therefore, Facebook focused on building an "invisible OS" comprised of connected services instead. In 2013, it bought Parse, an mBaaS (mobile backend as a service) that provides apps with Facebook connections, user authentication, push notifications, and data analytics across multiple mobile platforms. Parse, a freemium service which becomes paid at higher volumes, was integrated with Facebook's mobile app install ads in its News Feed.

By charging iOS and Android developers simultaneously for News Feed ads and mBaaS subscriptions through Parse, Facebook gained an alternative way to profit from app sales. Since Facebook acquired Parse, its hosted apps rose from 60,000 to over 500,000.

2. Facebook's ecosystem is growing

With that foundation in place, Facebook its turning its Messenger stand-alone app, which has over 500 million active users, into a platform for dedicated apps. Facebook recently unveiled a payments feature for Messenger, which will let it directly compete against eBay's PayPal/Venmo, Square Cash, and Google Wallet. That enhancement could help Facebook Messenger mimic the success of Asian messaging apps like Tencent's WeChat, which have established mini-app ecosystems within Android and iOS.

An essential part of this push is Facebook's SSO (single sign-on) strategy, where third-party apps and sites use a Facebook login to simplify the sign-in process. Both Facebook and Google rely heavily on SSOs to craft targeted ads, since traditional tracking cookies can't "follow" users across devices.

Facebook's SSO strategy exploits Google's weakness in social media. Google's social answer to Facebook, Google+, appears to have 2.2 billion users, but most of those are inactive accounts that were registered to activate Android devices. According to analytics and visualization blogger Kevin Anderson, just 9% of those users, or 198 million people, have posted any public content on Google+. Only 6.6 million of those users appeared to be active as of January 2015. Thanks to the strength of Facebook's social backbone, its SSOs will likely remain more useful than Google's for social sharing.

Lastly, Facebook is taking aim at Google's YouTube by letting users embed Facebook videos in external websites. This move could make it tough for YouTube, which still isn't profitable after nearly nine years, to retain its presence on third-party websites.

3. Quality over quantity

In the fourth quarter of 2014, Facebook served 65% fewer ads than the prior-year quarter, yet the average cost of those ads soared 335%. This was due to Facebook's decision to reduce the number of available ad spots per quarter, which the company states emphasizes quality over quantity in ad placements.

This is the opposite of Google's old-fashioned strategy of squeezing in more ads to generate more revenue. Last quarter, Google's paid clicks rose 14% year-over-year, yet cost per click (CPC) declined 3%, meaning that its ad traffic rose while its revenue per ad fell.

In terms of total ad revenue, Google still tops Facebook. Last quarter, Facebook's ad revenue rose 53% year-over-year to $3.59 billion. Google's ad revenue rose 15% to $16.1 billion. Nonetheless, Google's slower year-over-year ad revenue growth and declining CPC indicate that Facebook's strategy of limiting ads could be an effective long-term one.

Could Facebook take down Google?

Facebook probably won't disrupt Google's core search business, but it could curb the growth of its ecosystem. Google might hold the keys to the Internet with its dominant search engine for now, but Facebook is slowly creeping up on Google with its stealthy ecosystem of SSOs, developer services, and apps. China to punish Tencent, Youku Tudou, other video sites for pornography Baidu's company logo is seen at its headquarters in Beijing December 17, 2014. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon

BEIJING China will punish Internet companies including Tencent Holdings Ltd, Youku Tudou Inc and Baidu Inc's iQiyi for hosting videos suspected of containing violence and pornography, which it said causes juvenile delinquency.

The offending material is primarily Japanese animation on the video streaming websites of Tencent, Youku Tudou, iQiyi, Sohu.com Inc and Leshi Internet Information & Technology Corp Beijing (LeTV), the Ministry of Culture said on its website on Tuesday.

The ministry's animation "blacklisting" is part of a broader campaign to control Internet content. That includes eradicating material deemed damaging to society and the ruling Communist Party, which cybersecurity experts say oversees the world's most sophisticated Internet censorship.

The titles in question - 'Blood-C', 'Terror in Resonance' and 'Highschool of the Dead' - include scenes of violence, pornography, terrorism and crimes against public morality, the ministry said.

'Blood-C' depicts girls fighting monsters, heavy blood-letting, the severing of limbs and beheading, while 'Highschool of the Dead' features borderline-pornographic imagery, the ministry said.

The ministry said it would despatch agencies to carry out punishment according to the law, even though the companies are merely suspected of hosting pornographic content. It did not detail what the punishment would be.

Tencent, Youku Tudou, iQiyi and LeTV were not available for immediate comment. Sohu declined to provide immediate comment.

On April 1, China's online video sites will be subject to new regulations tightening control of foreign content. Websites which have not sought approval for their foreign programs by then will be prohibited from broadcasting the media.

While the latest regulations apply to domestic companies, experts say China's attempts to control and censor the Internet has evolved into attacks on overseas websites deemed a threat by the government.

An ongoing cyberattack on U.S. coding site GitHub, which began last week from China, is attempting to paralyze the site by using distributed denial of service attacks, or DDoS, online security researchers said.

The attacks appear to target two GitHub pages that link to copies of websites banned in China - a Mandarin-language site from the New York Times Co and Greatfire.org, which helps Chinese users circumvent government censorship, the researchers said.

(Reporting by Paul Carsten; Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Christopher Cushing) Pao faces tough court if she appeals Kleiner bias lawsuit Ellen Pao (R) and attorney Alan Axelrod arrive at the courthouse to hear the verdict in her high profile gender discrimination lawsuit against venture capital firm Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers in San Francisco, California March 27, 2015. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach

Ellen Pao speaks to the media after losing her high profile gender discrimination lawsuit against venture capital firm Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers in San Francisco, California March 27, 2015. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach

SAN FRANCISCO Ellen Pao faces an uphill battle should she choose to appeal her defeat last week in a gender discrimination lawsuit against former employer Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers, the Silicon Valley venture capital firm.

Not only did a San Francisco Superior Court judge side with Pao on some key evidentiary disputes in the run-up to trial, but employers have been highly successful litigating in the California appeals court where Pao's case would land.

According to Westlaw data, out of 49 decisions involving discrimination and retaliation over the past two years, California's First District Court of Appeal affirmed 26 of 31 cases where the employer won in the trial court, or 84 percent. Only five cases were reversed.

Conversely, the court - which covers San Francisco and 11 other Northern California counties - handed victory to employers in more than half of the cases they lost in the lower courts, reversing 10 of 18 cases.

Pao's lawsuit helped spark a wide-ranging debate about the treatment of women in Silicon Valley, which has continued after a jury last Friday decided she had not proved Kleiner broke the law when it passed her over for promotion.

Pao has not said whether she plans to appeal. Legal experts said that may depend on whether Kleiner plans to seek reimbursement for litigation costs from Pao, such as deposition expenses and expert witness fees, which could run into the six figures.

Victorious employers often offer to withdraw their costs bid if the plaintiff agrees to forgo an appeal, labor attorneys said.

A Kleiner spokeswoman declined to comment. Any request for reimbursement of costs would likely be filed in the next three weeks.

Pao's attorney Alan Exelrod, who has about two months to file an appeal, declined to comment on whether such a move was likely.

Resurrecting a case through the appellate system is always challenging. In 915 cases involving discrimination and retaliation over the past five years, California appellate courts have affirmed the lower court result 66 percent of the time, according to Westlaw data.

Should Pao lose at the First District, she could appeal to the California Supreme Court, though the high court opts to hear very few of the cases it reviews.

Beyond the numbers, San Francisco Superior Court Judge Harold Kahn made some important rulings in Pao's favor, thus removing them as grounds for appeal. Kahn, for instance, allowed former Kleiner partner Trae Vassallo to testify over the firm's fierce objections.

Vassallo provided explosive testimony about a male Kleiner partner showing up at her hotel room door in a bathrobe, holding a glass of wine. Pao had accused the same partner of lying to her in order to start an affair, and then retaliating against her after she ended it.

Kahn also forbid Kleiner from introducing evidence that Pao's husband had financial problems, and from asking Pao whether that motivated her lawsuit.

One significant ruling that went against Pao was when her lawyers sought to compare her performance reviews with the reviews of other women partners, aiming to prove a pattern of discrimination. A judge last year ruled that Kleiner did not have to disclose the performance reviews of other women partners.

After the verdict, three jurors told Reuters they had focused on Pao's increasingly negative performance reviews, which undermined her argument that she deserved to be promoted.

The ruling on the performance reviews would likely play a major part in any Pao appeal, though the legal standard for overturning a pretrial discovery order is very high, said Mark Schickman, a San Francisco employment attorney who primarily represents companies.

"It would be the greatest long shot," Schickman said.

(Reporting by Dan Levine; Editing by Peter Henderson and Tiffany Wu) Will This Startup "Put a Bullet" in Google Inc.'s Head? Cyanogen CEO Kirk McMaster has recently made a lot of bold statements. Shortly after telling Business Insider that Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) would be "slaughtered" within five years, McMaster told Forbes that his company was "putting a bullet through Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) head."

Do McMaster's boastful claims have merit, or are they unjustified statements intended to generate hype for his company?

How Cyanogen makes money

Cyanogen's only product is CyanogenMod, an open-source mobile OS based on Android. Since the OS is free, the company only generates revenue by selling "themes" for customizing phones. Cyanogen has never disclosed exact revenue figures, but a Forbes article says that the amount is "minimal". Cyanogen sells these themes through Google Play, which ironically gives Google a 30% cut of sales, although the company plans to eventually launch its own app store.

If Cyanogen can launch its own app store, it could possibly establish its own revenue-generating ecosystem. However, establishing a new mobile OS in today's iOS/Android duopoly has proven to be tough for much better funded companies.

For example, Samsung launched Tizen, its own OS, over three years ago, but its app store is still tiny. It also launched its own app store on Galaxy devices to establish its own Android ecosystem, but it's still much smaller than Google Play. Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) successfully established its own Android-based ecosystem of nearly 300,000 apps, but it only did so by aggressively marketing its Kindle tablets to its massive e-commerce user base.

How Cyanogen could hurt Google

Cyanogen recently secured partnerships with Blu, one of the top smartphone brands in Latin America, rising Chinese smartphone maker OnePlus, and top Indian smartphone maker Micromax. Hitching a ride with these regional leaders could give Cyanogen a boost in BRIC smartphone markets, which Canalys expects to offset weaker sales in developed markets through 2018. According to analysts cited by Forbes, that growth could put Cyanogen on as many as 1 billion handsets -- more than all the iPhones sold to date.

That growing user base is troubling for Google, since some of those companies are stripping Google services from Cyanogen's flavor of Android. In upcoming phones, Blu plans to replace Google Play with Amazon's AppStore, Google Maps with Nokia's HERE maps, and Google Drive with Dropbox and Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) OneDrive. It also intends to swap out Google search with Microsoft's Bing and Cortana and replace Chrome with Opera. In other words, Blu supports Cyanogen's dream of an Android ecosystem without Google.

That defiance highlights the schism between Google and members of the AOSP (Android Open Source Project). The AOSP is a community of developers and enthusiasts who promote the continued development of Android without intertwined Google services. AOSP members often strip out Google services to "fork" Android into "new" operating systems like CyanogenMod. Many Chinese Android OEMs also follow that same path, since Google services are mostly banned in China.

According to ABI Research, 29% of all Android devices shipped worldwide in the fourth quarter of 2014 were forked ones that Google probably can't monetize.

Google is worried about Cyanogen

Cyanogen's business strategy is unconventional, but it's attracted plenty of interest. The company recently raised another $80 million in funding, bringing its total funding up to $110 million. Last October, it rejected a buyout offer from Google, which presumably intended to shut down CyanogenMod. Back in 2013, Google notably booted Cyanogen's CyanogenMod installer -- which could overwrite Google-approved versions of Android with Cyanogen's OS -- from the Google Play Store, claiming that it violated developer terms. However, the aforementioned CyanogenMod themes remain available on Google Play.

Google's major rivals, like Microsoft and Amazon, would love to see their apps replace Google's on an Android-based system. Microsoft may also have invested an undisclosed amount in Cyanogen during its last round of funding, according to The Wall Street Journal.

Microsoft also recently partnered with Samsung to preinstall OneDrive, Office, and Skype on its Android devices, which indicates that CyanogenMod could feature a lot more Microsoft apps soon. This could be a win-win deal for both companies: Cyanogen gets the financial and ecosystem backing of Google's nemesis, while Microsoft gains a valuable foothold in the Android market.

Can Cyanogen evolve into a sustainable business?

If Cyanogen's market share grows big enough, it could possibly establish its own app ecosystem with a small following comparable to Samsung's app store initiatives. Since Cyanogen is Android-based, it would also be easy to port existing apps to Cyanogen's app store.

Cyanogen believes that after that happens, it can generate revenue from revenue-sharing deals with apps that integrate their services into Cyanogen phones. These include distribution deals, in-app purchase agreements, and customized services for certain countries. Analysts believe if that happens, Cyanogen could eventually generate more than $10 per phone sold, according to Forbes -- not bad for a company that started out as a collaborative hacker's project for rooted Android devices.

Cyanogen probably won't "put a bullet" in Google's head. However, Cyanogen's growth highlights a major blind spot in Google's ecosystem: defiant developers determined to transform Android into their own non-Google operating systems. 3 Ways Microsoft Corporation Could Hurt Google Inc. Over the past decade, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has evolved from a simple search engine into a serious threat to Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) future. Google marginalized Microsoft in the mobile market, converted individual users and SMBs from Office to Google Drive, and chipped away at Windows' dominant share of the PC market with cheap Chromebooks.

Google relied on a simple strategy: Give away software that Microsoft charges for, then tether those users to its sprawling ecosystem to generate search, advertising, and app revenues. Microsoft couldn't retaliate with a reciprocal strategy, since its top line depended heavily on Windows and Office licenses.

However, Satya Nadella, who replaced Steve Ballmer as Microsoft's CEO last year, has prepared a grand plan to fight back on all fronts. Let's take a look at three of Microsoft's new strategies under Nadella and how they could disrupt Google's long-term plans.

1. One Windows to rule them all

Microsoft respectively controls just 3% and 7% of the smartphone and tablet markets worldwide, according to IDC. However, over 90% of PCs worldwide still run on Windows, according to Net Market Share. Apple's Macs account for another 7%, while "other" devices, including Linux devices and Chromebooks, account for the remaining 3%.

Therefore, Microsoft will expand its PC ecosystem to include smartphones and tablets with Windows 10, which will be offered as a free upgrade for non-enterprise Windows users on phones, tablets, and PCs. This effort could reduce Windows fragmentation, bring all users back into the same ecosystem, and make Windows Phones and tablets more appealing to PC users with cross-platform apps and synchronization.

Developing apps for Windows Phones and tablets will also become more rewarding for developers, since apps will also reach PC and Xbox One users through "universal apps" at the unified Windows Store. This could resolve the "app gap" between the Windows Store, which has around 500,000 apps, and the Google Play store, which hosts over 1.4 million.



Google is responding to Microsoft's promises of unifying the PC and mobile markets by porting Android apps to Chrome OS, but that impact could be limited by Chromebook's slim market share.

2. User growth at any cost

Microsoft recently eliminated Windows license fees for phones and small tablets, and reduced the fee for laptop OEMs to help them compete against Chromebooks. It bundled free trials of Office 365 and OneDrive with those devices to widen its defensive moat against Google Drive.

Microsoft also recently extended its free Windows 10 upgrade offer to pirates, although the upgraded copies would still be identified as "non-genuine". Microsoft is also undercutting the cheapest Android One devices with low-end Windows Phones like the $70 Lumia 430.

Those tactics indicate that Microsoft is prioritizing user and ecosystem growth over near-term profit, but they could weigh down its bottom line. Last quarter, Windows OEM Pro and non-Pro revenue fell 13% year over year as companywide earnings slipped 9%.



Microsoft is also locking competing operating systems out of PCs and phones. With Windows 10, Microsoft will make its UEFI Secure Boot's "off switch" optional instead of mandatory. This means OEMs can disable a user's ability to install a second OS, such as Linux, by locking the bootloader. On phones, Microsoft is collaborating with Xiaomi to test a ROM that lets users install Windows Phone on Android devices.



3. Forging alliances with Google's enemies and frenemies

In addition to loosening Android's grip on the smartphone market, Microsoft is forging surprising alliances with Android-based companies.

Samsung is the top Android smartphone maker in the world, but it is trying to develop a non-Google ecosystem on its own, which already includes an Android app store, an NFC payments system, and its own OS, Tizen. To distance itself from Google, Samsung agreed to bundle Microsoft's cloud and office apps to its latest Galaxy devices. Microsoft did the same with 11 other Android OEMs, which could divert more Android users away from Google Drive.

Microsoft might have invested an undisclosed amount in Cyanogen, which develops the popular Android-based OS CyanogenMod, according to The Wall Street Journal.. Blu, one of Latin America's top smartphone makers, recently declared that its upcoming CyanogenMod devices would replace Google Maps with Nokia's HERE Maps, Google Drive with OneDrive, Google Search with Bing, and Google Play with Amazon's AppStore.

Stripping out Google services in that manner is known as "forking" Android. According to ABI Research, 29% of Android devices shipped worldwide in the fourth quarter of 2014 were forked, which represents a big blind spot for Google and a lucrative opportunity for Microsoft.

The bottom line

Microsoft's upcoming Windows 10 blitz will be a fierce one that could cripple Google's advantage of free software and services. If more Android OEMs assist Microsoft, Android fragmentation could worsen, and Google could have trouble monetizing the OS.

But the future is also full of risks for Microsoft. If the company can't replace lost Windows license revenue through ecosystem growth in a timely manner, its bottom-line growth will continue to suffer. 
2015-01-16
Google Stock Forecast For 2015 Based On A Predictive Algorithm Google will rebound in 2015, as the negativity facing the stock is old news and many of the concerns facing the company are overblown.

Company Profile

Larry Page and Sergey Brin founded Google Inc., (Nasdaq: GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and incorporated the company on September 4th, 1998. The company's IPO was released on August 19th, 2004. The founders' mission statement from the beginning was "to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful." They have often emphasized their unofficial slogan, "Don't be evil," and have boasted their ability to make money as a moral company. Google has maintained a focus on search, but they have also moved into other fields through their own development and acquisitions, including email, cloud storage services, and an office suite.

The company experienced rapid growth since releasing their IPO, with the stock price having increased over 1000%. The past year was not a good one for Google, however, as the stock price has fallen 16% since September 19th to reach its lowest level in over a year. The stock price fell 5% over the calendar year, its worst since 2008, and it underperformed all of the major US averages. This bad performance is especially concerning when looking at the performance of Google's competitors, such as Baidu (Nasdaq: BIDU), Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL), and Facebook (Nasdaq: FB), all of which had strong years. However, I Know First algorithm does not believe this stock price level will hold for long.

Some Negative Attributes

The biggest factor driving down the stock price was the fallout from disappointing third-quarter results. Google reported earnings of $6.35 per share and revenue of $16.52 billion, which both trailed estimates of analysts. Paid clicks, which is a closely watched measure of how often users click on a search ad, increased just 17 percent, also missing Wall Street's expectations. Google stock was also harmed when Stifel cut its stock from "Buy" to "Hold".

Google is facing increased competition for advertising dollars, as advertisers are moving toward social networking sites such as Facebook. Facebook has been pursuing initiatives to take market share away from Google. Facebook's online marketing share increased from 6% to 8%, while Google's slightly slipped, and the same was true in mobile, where Google's market share dropped from 47% in 2013 to 40.5%. Facebook has also boosted its video efforts, raising concerns that it will take away online video revenue from Google's YouTube.

The resurgence of Apple also hurts Google. Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been remarkably popular during the last quarter of 2014, and its iOS is taking away some market share from Google's Android operating system. Google is also seeing increased competition from Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), which is planning to develop its own software to place ads online, similar to Google's AdWords program. Amazon could threaten Google by leveraging its users shopping behavior on its site to serve relevant ads, which would cut Google's ad business.

Besides the increase in competition, Google is facing diminishing net income. Google has been able to maintain their revenue growth at around 20% despite the increasing competitive threats mentioned earlier. However, the majority of this growth has come from YouTube and Google Play Store, meaning that the company's growth is increasingly coming from businesses other than search advertising. This is a problem, as these are less profitable businesses than Google's search advertising business.

Google has also seen increasing operating costs. As the chart below shows, the cost of revenues, research and development (R&D), selling, general, and administrative (SG&A), and stock-based compensation (or SBC) expenses as a percentage of revenues have all increased in the past year. These expenses have contributed to the company's operating margins to decline from 27% to 23% over a year.

Investors have also expressed concerns over Google's acquisitions, which could add revenue streams beyond advertising but are risky bets to average investors. The company acquired connected devices maker Nest for $3.2 billion, as well as drone maker Titan Aerospace and satellite company Skybox Imaging. These deals could wind up being smart decisions for the future, but they are not a sure thing. Google's purchase of Motorola Mobility in 2012 did not work out, as the company sold a big chunk of Motorola to Lenovo for a fraction of what it paid just two years ago.

Another concern facing Google is that the European Commission has reopened its four-year antitrust investigation into Google's search and advertising business, and is now also looking into the Android operating system as well. The European Commission's competition commissioner told the European parliament in September that Google could face a fine of 10% of the company's global revenue, or about $6 billion. These threats have weighed heavy on the company's stock.

Why Google Will Rebound In 2015

While all of these things have had a negative impact on Google's stock during 2014, the company is poised to rebound in 2015. For one, the negatives mentioned above have all been reflected in the current stock price. Investors have realized that earnings have stagnated over the last year while the company focuses on new areas for revenue growth, and there is not any new information added to this narrative. Google is now trading for a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.7 based on fiscal 2015 profit forecasts. That is in line with the S&P 500 and lower than the tech-heavy Nasdaq-100. It is also lower than what Google had been trading at for much of 2013 and early 2014.

Also helping Google in 2015 will be their mobile dominance. The Android operating system accounted for more than 84% of the smartphones shipped in the third quarter. It is widely believed that mobile is the future for advertising, and Google has a leg up on the competition. Google has not yet been able to monetize this market share, but they should be able to start doing so more successfully in the next year, and they have already made a few product changes to boost mobile ad rates.

The acquisitions that Google has made in the past couple of years might be concerning to investors, but they also could prove to be smart decisions. The investment in Nest Labs might not make sense to investors, but many of the previous acquisitions made by the company have proven to be prudent. These include the acquisition of Android in 2005 before the smartphone revolution, YouTube in 2006 when it was still unprofitable, and the advertising platform DoubleClick in 2007. While the company has made mistakes, it has also proven it can make wise decisions.

Although the operating costs have been growing, eating into the company's profitability, there is no rule that these expenses have to continue. At some point in the future, Google will back off of this aggressive spending, and even a modest slowdown in 2015 could lead to increasing profitability.

Finally, investors' concerns over sanctions from the European Commission have been overblown. For one, the US has expressed concerns about the politicization of antitrust probes. More importantly, the EU is facing more pressing concerns, as the continent is facing a recession. It is likely that political priorities will shift in the future as fear of deflation and core economic issues will be the focus of politicians, and the antitrust issue could fall to the side. Any settlement will be a huge boon to investors and the company, as it will eliminate the related uncertainty.

Algorithmic Analysis

While algorithmic analysis is not to be considered conclusive, it is useful when combined with traditional techniques. Where such stocks as Google are concerned, algorithmic analysis - which relies upon historical trends and other information - can be especially useful in carefully piecing apart one's investment decisions, which may otherwise be subjective to surrounding bias.

I Know First is an investment firm that uses an advanced self-learning algorithm based on artificial intelligence, machine learning, and artificial neural networks to supplement its fundamental analyses. In doing so, it predicts the flow of money in almost 2,000 markets across a range of time frames (e.g., 3-days, 1-month, 1-year). It should be noted that the algorithm's predictability (i.e., its accuracy) becomes stronger in 1-month, 3-month, and 1-year forecasts; as such, it can - when coupled with traditional analysis and careful reasoning - most effectively be used to analyze both short-term and long-term trends, but is not as convenient where intraday trading is concerned. The algorithm has seen a high degree of accuracy.

I Know First has previously helped investors decide how to engage with Google. In fact, the algorithm was able to successfully predict that Google would be bearish in the three-month time horizon between October 10th, 2014 and January 10th, 2014. During this time period, the stock price fell, as can be seen below, yielding returns of -11.54%.

Given that the algorithm appears relatively accurate, its most recent Google-related forecast, updated on January 15th, is shown below. Bright green signifies a highly bullish signal; light green also indicates that the forecast is bullish, but not as strongly so. Bright red, in turn, signifies a bearish forecast; correspondingly, light red indicates a bearish forecast as well, but not as negative a forecast. Each compartment contains two numbers: the strength of the signal itself (represented by the number in the middle of each box, to the right), and its predictability (found in the bottom left corner, this is the approximate level of confidence the algorithm has in the forecast).

Google's position on the algorithmic charts indicates a strongly bullish signal for the company in the three-month and one-year time horizons; in the short term, of course, this signal may not be as accurate, but this appears to coincide well with the long-term outlook for the company. A positive signal strength does not mean investors should automatically buy the stock. Dr. Roitman, who created the algorithm, created rules for entry for a stock such as Google. Using this trading strategy, an investor should buy a stock if the last 5 signal strength's average is positive and if the last closing price is above the 5-day moving average price. When both of these conditions are met, it is a good time to initiate a position in the stock.

Conclusion

Google had their worst year in 2014 since 2008, falling 5%, while many of their competitors had fantastic years. The company faced a variety of problems that led to the stock pullback. However, these problems are now represented in the stock price, and it is no longer overbought. Even though profit margins have not seen growth in recent years, the company is still healthy, and will be able to rebound in 2015. If the company backs off of their increased spending, the profit margins will see immediate growth. Google's increased spending on Research and Development and acquisitions also means that the company could potentially have success in a new market, leading to new revenue streams in potentially lucrative markets. While Google might have been overbought in 2014, the pullback has been completed and the stock is now worth considering as a position in any investor's portfolio.

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Goldman Sachs profit hit by weak fixed-income trading Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) reported a 7 percent drop in fourth-quarter profit as sharp market moves in December hit its bond-trading business.

Fixed-income trading, long a strength for the bank, came under pressure last year due to stricter capital rules in the aftermath of the financial crisis and relatively calm markets that discouraged clients from trading.

Just when it seemed things were picking up, erratic moves in the market last month, caused by factors ranging from plunging oil prices to worries about Greece, spooked investors again.

"Volatility in absence of liquidity" hurt Goldman and other big banks in the quarter, Harvey Schwartz, Goldman's chief financial officer, said on a call with analysts.

Goldman's revenue from trading fixed-income securities, currencies and commodities (FICC) fell 19 percent, excluding gains from repayment of debt and the sale of most of its European insurance business in 2013.

Overall, FICC revenue fell 29 percent to $1.22 billion, mainly due to a weaker performance in mortgages and credit products such as corporate bonds. This was partially offset by higher revenue from trading commodities and currencies.

A writedown on a loan to troubled Portuguese lender Banco Espirito Santo also hurt FICC trading, as Reuters reported earlier this week.

The business, which once contributed about 40 percent of Goldman's revenue, has been on a decline since 2009 as new rules also discourage banks from trading on their own account and it accounted for only about 16 percent of revenue in the quarter.

JPMorgan Chase & Co's (JPM.N) FICC revenue fell 14 percent in the period, Citigroup Inc's (C.N) 16 percent and Bank of America Corp's (BAC.N) 30 percent.

Goldman's shares were down less than 1 percent at $177.53 in midday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.

Schwartz deflected a question about whether Goldman should break itself up, saying the bank was not as large or as complex as universal banking rivals facing the same question.

The issue of whether banks that are "too big to fail" should be broken up was recently mooted in a report on JPMorgan by Goldman Sachs analysts.

Goldman's investment banking business also had a weaker quarter, with revenue falling 16 percent to $1.44 billion due to lower revenue from both equity and debt underwriting.

Overall net income fell to $2.17 billion, or $4.38 per share, from $2.33 billion, or 4.60 per share, a year earlier. Analysts had expected earnings of $4.32 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Of the big U.S. banks reporting this week, only Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N) managed a rise in profit, largely because it is more focused on retail and commercial banking.

Goldman used 36.8 percent of its revenue for compensation last year, down slightly from 2013. Average annual compensation per employee fell to $373,265 from $376,507 as the number of employees rose slightly.

(Reporting by Anil D'Silva in Bangalore; Editing by Ted Kerr) Best Business Strategies Make Strong Business Fundamentals There are some companies that are highly successful, when it comes to performance, earnings, financial health, investor confidence, growth, innovation and all related fields. Why are they the best in their respective industries? What are they doing differently from their counterparts? What makes them the leader of the group? The simple answer to these questions is  smart business strategies.  These strategies might sound simple and fundamental for any business, but the truth is that, only few follow them on a daily basis. Once companies get these fundamentals right, they will be on the right track of growth and progress. Here are some of the strategies that made companies like Google (NASDAQ:GOOG), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), etc., giants in the stock market today.

Growth opportunities

Most of the companies that figure in the  best companies in the world  list provide ample growth opportunities for their employees in the form of online training modules, on the job training, certification courses and the like. Internal job postings, foreign opportunities, transition programs, job rotation notification and mentorship programs help the employees to develop their skill sets to a great extent. They are also trained on the basics of corporate etiquette which helps them a ton in personality development.

At big companies like Mercedes Benz, employees are introduced to job rotation programs, wherein, they can analyse the current job openings in the company, which they can apply for, after developing their skills. The immediate line managers spend ample time with the employees to understand their subordinates  field of interest and place them in the right jobs. This is applicable for fresh and experienced employees. Due to this system, employees get the confidence that their skills are being used in the right way and hence they stay loyal to their employers.

Succession planning

Highly successful companies have a well-structured succession plan always handy with them. This is the right way to ensure that a company is well equipped to meet emergencies. Positions across various designation levels may fall vacant any time due to sudden death, resignation, retirement or long sick leaves of employees. The best companies in the market today evaluate all their employees, understand their strengths and weaknesses and use them at the right time for the right role. Once an employee is identified for a particular role, he is given ample trainings and on the job sessions so that he can familiarize himself with the new profile and gear up for the challenges ahead.

For example, in the case of Apple, the current CEO, Tim Cook was made to present critical Wall Street analyses and handled other important conferences even when Steve Jobs was alive. This showed that Apple had its succession plan well sorted out. In the unfortunate event of Steve Jobs  death, although the company lost a charismatic leader, it didn t panic. Cook took charge and is at the helm of affairs now. He has come out of his shell he once used to be in and has become more assertive in arriving at excellent business strategies. In the absence of a succession plan, companies are in a mess when a role (especially top management role) becomes vacant. In a hurry to sort things out, they get external candidates to fill the job and this automatically is a huge dent to the morale of the internal employees.

Strict adherence to values

Any company, big or small, tastes success only when it believes in adhering to its values in every single activity it does. A good example for this is the oil and petroleum company, Royal Dutch Shell (NYSE:RDS.A). Irrespective of the country of operation and irrespective of the designation of employees, Shell strictly follows its basic principles like honesty, integrity and respect for people. When employees join the company, they are made aware of these principles right during the induction session, so that new joiners know what is expected out of them and perform their daily tasks within the boundaries of the company s culture and ethical values.

Participative decision making and brainstorming sessions

Companies that are highly successful today follow the participative decision making style and not the authoritative decision making style. Junior employees are empowered to make their own decisions which give them the confidence to give their best at work. At Apple, junior engineers are given full freedom to implement their ideas and fix bugs wherever necessary, all by themselves. Similarly, leading consulting firm Boston Consulting Group treats its junior employees with the same respect as it treats its senior employees.

Most of the times, the firm arranges for lunch or dinner sessions among the junior and senior colleagues, so that new ideas can be conceived and brainstormed during these informal get-together sessions. This is a win-win situation for the firm and its employees; juniors get to learn a lot from the experience of their seniors and the company in turn, gets the dual benefits of freshness and experience together.

Conclusion

The above strategies are taught as mandatory lessons during any management course. These are the basic steps that companies should follow if they want to attain success, irrespective of their scale of operation. Most of the much-admired companies of 2014 are the ones who have imbibed all these strategies in their day-to-day business operations. It is easy to decide on companies to invest on based on numbers for a short to medium term, but if we want to really look into long-term investment proposition then we have to take a call on the fundamental strength of the company and effective business strategy is one of the major yardstick in deciding the fundamental strength of a company.

About the author: 
2015-08-27
West Coast Biotech Roundup: BioMarin, Tocagen, Medivation, Twelve West Coast Biotech Roundup: BioMarin, Tocagen, Medivation, Twelve

Xconomy San Diego  

For the ancient Greeks, the rising of the dog star Sirius brought on the sweltering heat of summer, and August came to be associated with languid days of heat, drought, and fire.

That might sound like the weather that has descended on the West Coast. But in the ancient texts, the dog days of summer are over by late August and we re just getting started. In Southern California, the hot desert winds come down from the mountain passes like runaway freight trains in the fall. Anything can happen. Stocks explode upward after days of monster losses. Google spins out its life sciences group. And I step in as master of ceremonies for our roundup of West Coast life sciences news. So here are this week s revelations 

 Late last week Alphabet president Sergey Brin announced in a blog post that the Google X life sciences group would be the first to get more autonomy under Google s new Alphabet holding-company strategy. The as-yet-unnamed life sciences group will still be headed by Andy Conrad, who has been overseeing projects like the Baseline health study and a  smart  contact lens while part of the Google X skunkworks.

 BioMarin (NASDAQ: BMRN) sold its late-stage breast cancer drug talazoparib to Medivation (NASDAQ: MDVN) for $410 million upfront and $160 million more in possible milestones. The deal gives San Francisco s Medivation a near-term possibility for a second commercial product, and it gives Novato, CA-based BioMarin cash as it prepares for a possible approval of its drug drisapersen for Duchenne muscular dystrophy. The FDA is due to decide whether to approve drisapersen or not in late December.

 Medical device giant Medtronic (NYSE: MDT) bought Twelve, a Redwood City, CA-based startup working on a transcatheter mitral valve replacement. Twelve is so named because it s the 12th company spun out of Bay Area medical device incubator The Foundry. Medtronic agreed to pay as much as $458 million.

 After co-founding Inception Sciences in San Diego and establishing the Blueline Bioscience incubator in Toronto, San Francisco s Versant Ventures has created Highline Therapeutics in New York to spin new drug companies. Versant s Carlo Rizzuto told   Next Page   Intel Ups the Game of Drones with $60M Yuneec Investment  Google Inc rejects 'unfounded' EU antitrust charges of market abuse - Reuters  
2015-04-29
Google Inc. Investors Can't Ignore These 3 Weaknesses Many investors see Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) as the 800-pound gorilla of Internet search that swallows up start-ups and disrupts aging companies. However, Google isn't invincible. In fact, it has three glaring weaknesses it can't seem to defend: mobile ads, social networking, and product searches.

Mobile ads

Research eMarketer expects mobile display ads to account for 72% of all U.S. digital ad spending by 2019, up from just 38% in 2014. This means if Internet advertising companies can't transition from desktops to mobile devices, they'll be left out in the cold.

In this market, Facebook is crushing Google, the current market leader in all Internet ads. In 2014, eMarketer estimates that Facebook generated $3.54 billion in mobile display ad revenues in the U.S. -- more than triple Google's $1.13 billion. In 2017, it estimates Facebook will generate $7.53 billion in U.S. mobile display ad revenues, compared to $2.38 billion for Google.

Last quarter, Facebook reported that mobile advertising revenue accounted for 73% of its total advertising revenue, up from 59% in the prior year quarter. Its total advertising revenue rose 46% to $3.32 billion. Google doesn't report its mobile ad revenue separately, but total ad revenue rose 11% annually to $15.5 billion last quarter.

Google faces three major challenges in mobile ads. First, its desktop ads still depend on tracking cookies, which can't be transferred between devices. Second, native apps for individual companies hurt Google, since they discourage users from viewing mobile sites in Chrome. To exploit that weakness, Facebook launched the Audience Network, which extends its ads to third-party apps. Lastly, Facebook uses single sign-ons (SSOs) to tether third-party apps and sites back to its News Feed. That information helps it craft targeted ads for users and log "conversions," or actions taken on a partner site after an ad is clicked.

Social networking

Google utilizes SSOs as well, but they're simply not as attractive as Facebook SSOs, since it lacks a central social network to share information from linked sites and apps. Google+, which will soon be unbundled into stand-alone Photos and Streams services, failed to compete against Facebook and Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) because using "Circles" and "Sparks" never felt as natural as simply friending or following other users.

In late 2013, Google claimed that Google+ had 540 million MAUs, but The New York Times found that half of those users had never visited the social network. Pseudonymous tech blogger Edward Morbius recently conducted an automated survey of Google+ accounts, revealing that less than 6 million people interact with the site on a monthly basis.

Google+ isn't Google's first social networking failure. Orkut, its first social network, didn't gain much traction outside of Brazil. Its photo-sharing service Picasa Web was obliterated by Facebook. Google's microblogging site, Jaiku, was crushed by Twitter. Google Wave's collaborative features confused users, while Google Buzz caused a privacy nightmare by forcibly turning all Gmail contacts into social ones.

As long as Google lacks a popular social News Feed, Facebook will keep weaving together sites and apps with SSOs and the Audience Network. As a result, Facebook's clout in mobile ads will keep growing at Google's expense.

Product searches

Google is the top search engine in the world, but for product searches, users turn to e-commerce giant Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN). Last year, Google chairman Eric Schmidt admitted that "almost a third of people looking to buy something started on Amazon [...] more than twice the number who went straight to Google."

When we combine that weakness with Google's vulnerability in mobile ads, a big problem emerges. Last October, research companies The Integer Group and M/A/R/C Research reported that between 2012 and 2014, the percentage of shoppers purchasing goods on mobile devices rose from 25% to 35%. This means that as more people use Amazon's site or app for product searches or purchases, Google's search box becomes less useful.

To make matters worse, Amazon is leveraging that dominance to expand its ecosystem into homes with Amazon Prime services, Kindle tablets, Fire TV set top boxes, Dash Buttons, and Echo. It's also offering same-day deliveries of groceries and other goods in select areas. In response, Google is helping brick-and-mortar retailers provide same-day delivery to select cities with its Google Express service. But even with the support of major retailers like Target, Costco, and Staples, Google Express will have a tough time matching Amazon's massive selection of goods.

The bottom line

Google is great at investing in headline-grabbing "moon shots" like driverless cars, robots, and Wi-Fi weather balloons, but the majority of its revenue still comes from ads. Unless Google can shore up its defenses against Facebook in mobile and social, and contain Amazon's expansion in product searches, its top-line growth could eventually stall out. 3 Reasons Google, Inc Stock Could Rise As usual, there were a number of specifics Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) management wouldn't comment on, but it was clear the search king put together another strong quarter to kick off 2015. Concerns? Its cost-per-click, or CPC, rates continued to decline -- though Google CFO Patrick Pichette had a muted explanation for that -- and mobile search is still an issue, but all-in-all, fiscal year 2015 Q1 was a hit.

The question going forward is whether Google can continue its strong run -- its stock price is up over 4% from where it was just a few days prior to announcing earnings. Only time will tell, but there are several arrows in Google's quiver that bode well for a strong 2015, and beyond.

It's all about video

As Google's primary digital advertising competitor Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is learning first-hand now that it has rolled out video spots to its 1.44 billion monthly average users, or MAUs, old-school banner ads are quickly fading. There's a reason Facebook was able to charge its marketing partners a reported $1 million a day to simply test video ads on its site: combined with comprehensive analytics -- something Google is also extremely adept at -- video spots work.

The good news for Google is its YouTube property is far and away the most popular video-related site on the Internet, and according to Pichette, it's growing both in popularity and its impact on Google's top and bottom lines. Naturally, Pichette or none of the other Google executives on its quarterly earnings call would break out YouTube-related revenue specifics, but he did say "YouTube is growing, and continues to make up a larger piece of total revenues."

Considering YouTube already boasts over 1 billion users, has more than a million advertisers, and "partner" revenue was up over 50% last year, the notion that it's continuing to grow and add appreciably to Google's already impressive financial results is something long-term investors can hang their hat on.

No problem with mobile

Consumers shift to mobile devices has long been blamed for Google's continued decline in CPC rates. Once again, CPC rates declined last quarter: 7% compared to Q1 2014 and 5% sequentially, but there's a bit more to Google's mobile story. Aggregate paid clicks jumped 13% overall last quarter, and the number of paid clicks on Google sites grew a whopping 25% -- more than compensating for the CPC rate decline.

According to Pichette, the other part of the CPC discussion involves its YouTube "TruView" ads. The majority of Google's TruView spots are "skippable," which means they "currently monetize at a lower rate than ad clicks on Google.com." If not for TruView spots, as per Pichette, CPC rates would be "healthy and growing." Yes, if that seems counter-intuitive you're not alone, however it does speak to the positive impact of Google's retooled, constantly improving mobile search efforts.

Those "other revenues"

A key contributor to Google's 12% year-over-year growth in revenues last quarter was its 23% jump in revenues from its non-advertising unit. Though the $1.75 billion in other revenues was a small slice of Google's Q1 total sales of $17.26 billion, it's likely to become an even bigger piece of the revenue pie going forward. In addition to tossing its cloud-related revenues into the other revenue mix, Pichette cited Google Play as a key driver of the unit's growth.

There are literally billions of apps downloaded annually, and by sheer volume no one can touch Google Play. Sure, longtime nemesis Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) currently generates more app revenue than Google despite less volume, but as last quarter demonstrated: Google is making strides.

By no means will Play become its primary driver of revenue: Google has been, and will continue to be, the king of digital advertising. But further diversifying its "other" revenue streams via Google Play -- not to mention Fiber, cloud, and now its new wireless service, to name but a few -- will help fuel growth long into the future. Defective component slowed Apple Watch rollout: WSJ A customer opens the package containing his Apple Watch after buying it at a store in Paris, France, April 24, 2015. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier

Apple Inc limited availability of the Apple Watch after a key component supplied by a Chinese company was found to be defective, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.

The component, called the taptic engine, produces the sensation of being tapped on the wrist, the newspaper reported.

Apple declined to comment on the story.

Apple has not given any sales figures for its hotly anticipated Apple Watch since it began taking orders this month. Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Monday that demand continued to outstrip supply.

Some taptic engines supplied by Shenzhen, China-based AAC Technologies Holdings Inc started to break down over time, the Journal said, citing the people. The company is one of two suppliers of these components to Apple, it said.

As a result, Apple is now sourcing nearly all of its components from the other supplier, Japan's Nidec Corp. It may take time for the company to increase production, the people told the Journal.

The Journal said an AAC spokeswoman declined to comment about the company's customers. Reuters was unable to reach the company for comment outside of regular business hours in China.

Nidec was not immediately available for comment.

(Reporting By Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Robin Paxton) Tencent pushes further in US gaming with Glu Mobile stake buy Visitors use their smarts phones underneath the logo of Tencent at the Global Mobile Internet Conference in Beijing May 6, 2014. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon

Tencent Holdings Ltd (0700.HK), the dominant social networking and online entertainment company in China, has agreed to buy 14.6 percent of mobile game developer Glu Mobile Inc (GLUU.O) for $126 million to expand in the U.S. gaming market.

Shares of Glu Mobile, which developed Deer Hunter and Kim Kardashian: Hollywood games, rose about 24 percent in extended trading on Wednesday.

Tencent, known for investing in game developers through partnerships and minority stakes, owns League of Legends developer Riot Games and has a stake in Activision Blizzard Inc (ATVI.O), the owner of the Call of Duty franchise.

Glu Mobile reported a better-than-expected profit for the eighth straight quarter on Wednesday, helped by strong demand for games such as Racing Rivals, Deer Hunter 2014 and Contract Killer: Sniper.

The company plans to launch a mobile game with pop star Britney Spears in the first half of 2016.

Tencent has been aggressively taking on Chinese giants such as Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N) and Xiaomi Inc [XTC.UL] in the technology industry.

Tencent launched on Tuesday an operating system for internet-connected devices such as TVs and watches that is open to all developers.

The Chinese company will pay $6 per share for its stake in Glu Mobile. The price represents a premium of about 11 percent to the stock's Wednesday close.

Tencent will buy the shares in two tranches: 12.5 million shares on Wednesday followed by a further 8.5 million some time in the second quarter.

Cowen and Co LLC provided a fairness opinion to Glu Mobile's board in connection with the deal.

Glu Mobile's shares were trading at $6.69 after the bell.

(Additional reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Robin Paxton and Kirti Pandey) 
2015-10-26
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Earnings Beat Sends Stock Soaring Bob Ciura: Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), the new parent company of Google, yesterday unveiled its first quarterly earnings report since the company s highly publicized restructuring.

Investors likely recall the major decision earlier this year to bring the company s various operations under one roof. Going forward, Google will be a separate unit within Alphabet, which includes the core search business, Android, YouTube and Google Play. The other operating units   Nest, Google Fiber, Calico and Google Ventures  will continue to operate under Alphabet.

This is the final quarter in which Alphabet will report results as a single entity, and it sure went out with a bang: Alphabet earnings beat expectations for the quarter, and the stock promptly jumped 10% in after-hours trading.

Search Comes Through

For the quarter, Alphabet earned $7.35 per share on $18.68 billion of revenue. The results beat expectations on both the top and bottom lines. Analysts had expected $7.21 per share on $18.53 billion of revenue.

Total revenue grew 13% year over year, but Alphabet was weighed down by a very strong currency headwind. Excluding foreign exchange fluctuations, its organic revenue increased 21% year over year.

Over the first three quarters combined, revenue and earnings per share are up 12% and 25%, respectively.

Google s flagship search business did a lot of the heavy lifting last quarter, particularly as it pertains to mobile search. Last quarter, aggregate paid clicks grew 23% year over year. Analysts had expected just 18% growth in this metric. Aggregate cost-per-click fell 11%, better than the 8% decrease projected by Wall Street. Traffic acquisition costs came in at $3.57 billion, which exceeded the $3.47 billion expected.

This was a very important quarter for Alphabet. Last quarter, investors and analysts raised concerns about the company s position in mobile, as some had feared Alphabet s search dominance would not transcend to mobile. And, analysts scrutinized new Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat over Alphabet s elevated levels of spending.

Judging by Alphabet s results, it s clear management took those concerns seriously and proved it can effectively manage expenses while still producing excellent top-line growth.

Alphabet s Cash Mountain Grows

Alphabet ended the quarter in an even stronger financial condition. The company now holds $72.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, which represents a 13% increase from the beginning of the year. At the same time, Google s long-term debt fell to just $1.9 billion, from $3.2 billion at the start of 2015.

With its impressive cash pile, Alphabet is committed to buying back a lot of stock. This is the primary vehicle for the company to return cash to shareholders, since it does not pay a dividend.

Along with its quarterly results, Alphabet also announced that it will repurchase up to $5 billion of its Class C stock, which trades under the ticker symbol GOOG. Such a large buyback will greatly help earnings growth going forward.

Further Gains Ahead?

Heading into earnings, Alphabet stock had increased 28% since the beginning of the year, easily outperforming the S&P 500 index, which was nearly flat. The strong earnings report sent Alphabet stock soaring in the after-hours session, meaning the year-to-date returns are even more impressive.

Alphabet isn t the cheapest stock around. Shares trade at approximately 30 times trailing earnings and almost 20 times forward earnings expectations. Analysts expect Alphabet to increase earnings by 16% next year.

But the company has proven an ability to beat earnings estimates. If the positive momentum continues, Alphabet stock may still provide investors with strong returns, even if its valuation is above the market average.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Bob Ciura from Wyatt Research. Google/Alphabet: Is Giant Size Preventing Faster Growth? Can It Outperform The ... There are reasons to believe that Google's new structure as the conglomerate Alphabet may still be capable of outperforming the S&P 500 despite the law of large numbers.

The Law of Large Numbers is a widely known theorem that once an organization becomes so large, the rate of growth and returns will slow.

Common sense suggests that when a company becomes too big, its rate of growth slows and its ability to produce outsized returns is diminished. This theorem is known as the Law of Large Numbers, and it's now being tested with today's tech giants.

The original "Law of Large Numbers" theorem may have been referring to something entirely different in an experiment conducted by Swiss mathematician Jakob Bernoulli in 1713. It states, "the probability of an experiment - the average roll of a die - achieving the expected result increases the more times the experiment is performed. It has absolutely nothing to do with how big a company has grown."

However, many respectable investors, professors and mathematicians have applied this theorem to the concept of how large a company can grow. If a company keeps growing at very fast rates, it will soon become bigger than the economy it's part of. This raises question as to whether these growth rates are sustainable for the long-term.

Alphabet (formerly Google) (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is the second largest company in the world by market cap, second to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL).

For the first time Google reached a $500 billion market cap.

There are several reasons to believe Google is still a good investment even at this gigantic size.

Historical Precedent with Apple:

When Apple's market cap crossed $500 billion for the first time in February 2012, the company continued to outperform. AAPL has had a volatile ride from 2012 to 2015, but it has outperformed the S&P 500 and it has achieved a market cap even larger than before.

Over half of the world still does not have internet access: Alphabet's main source of revenue, which comes from advertising, may not yet be done maturing.

Entering new markets as opposed to expanding on existing markets: While a giant company may have "matured" in some areas, they may continue growing at fast rates by breaking into new markets. Alphabet's currently unprofitable subsidiaries can potentially explode in value over short periods of time, generating the necessary growth to produce outsized returns.

Restructuring into a Conglomerate:

Google has recently restructured into the conglomerate known as Alphabet.

Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK.A), (NYSE:BRK.B) is proof that under the right circumstances, the conglomerate structure can be a useful structure to reinvest capital wisely, producing outsized returns. Allowing each subset of Google to operate independently could increase efficiency. In a sense, splitting the tech giant up into parts may make it easier to manage.

However, there are obviously some key differences between Alphabet and Berkshire Hathaway:

1. Alphabet reinvests its profits in speculative projects that may change the world but have no promising future. Berkshire puts its cash to work in reliably-profitable companies with a track record of raising dividends.

2. Berkshire is structured in a way where it tends to benefit from volatility. Buffett says Berkshire's performance "is almost certain to be better" in down or flat years for the broader market. The impact of volatile market conditions on Alphabet may be less certain. The tech industry as a whole has a history of being damaged by volatile conditions.

3. Alphabet also is significantly larger than Berkshire Hathaway. Berkshire's market cap is $338 billion, which is enormous, but surely does not look enormous in comparison to Alphabet's $500 billion market cap.

Much like Alphabet, Berkshire Hathaway is a conglomerate that has a history of outperforming but is now confronting the law of large numbers; thus I believe there is a relevant comparison to be made while maintaining an understanding that these two conglomerates have differences as mentioned above.

Berkshire's CEO Warren Buffett has an impressive track record of outperforming the market. In full-disclosure as an author, I give Mr. Buffett's opinion a lot of credibility in accordance to his reputation as a world-class investor.

Buffett does agree with the law of large numbers, but at the same time, he also believes Berkshire Hathaway will outperform the S&P 500. These two seemingly-conflicting views can be explained:

The difference is Berkshire is only going to outperform by a small margin, not a large margin as it did in the past. "The numbers have become too big," Buffett wrote in his 2015 annual shareholder letter. "I think Berkshire will outperform the average American company, but our advantage, if any, won't be great." "Over the stock market cycle between year ends 2007 and 2013, we over-performed the S&P. Through full cycles in future years, we expect to do that again. If we fail to do so, we will not have earned our pay."

Apple has joined the Dow Jones Industrial Average

In March 2014, Warren Buffett went on CNBC and told the host, 58-year-old Joe Kernen, that the host will live to see the Dow reach 100,000. A few months later, in June 2014, Apple's stock had a 7-for-1 stock split. The following year, in March 2015, Apple had finally joined the Dow Jones Industrial Average, making up about 4.5% of the index (an event made possible because of the split, because the DJIA weights its components by share price, not market cap - such an event would still not be possible with Alphabet because its share price is too high).

If Warren Buffett's prediction - that the Dow Jones Industrial Average will reach 100,000 during the next few decades, is true, then that suggests it's very likely that Apple will help contribute to that gain, meaning Apple will significantly increase in value, as it makes up 4.5% of the Dow. (That doesn't tell us Apple will necessarily outperform other companies but it at least tells us that it's more likely to go up in value than down - and that there's more room for this giant to grow.)

The connection works as follows: If Apple, which is larger than Alphabet, still has room to grow, then surely Alphabet does too.

Baby-Berkshire is an investor in Alphabet

Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett has made it clear that, while he admires Google's moat, he has no interest in investing in Google/Alphabet. While Alphabet may appear too risky for Buffett's taste, the company is not without endorsements from similar investors.

Markel (NYSE:MKL) Chief Investment Officer Thomas Gayner (who also has a long track record of out-performing the market) has invested some of a portfolio in Alphabet, both GOOGL Class A and GOOG Class C shares. Although Alphabet only makes up a small fraction of Markel's overall portfolio, Gayner's willingness to invest in it may signal a strong sign of confidence as Gayner's company, Markel, has been known to follow the same buy-and-hold investing principles as Berkshire Hathaway, leading to strong outperformance over long periods of time.

Conclusion:

Common sense tells me the law of large numbers is true and has relevance, but there is a strong case to be made that in the world of technology growth can come in levels that are surprising enough to defy this theorem. Whether the theorem can really be defied is a question that is, at the present time, inconclusive, and can only be answered with an educated guess. This is my educated guess:

Alphabet can realistically outperform the S&P 500. I will label this scenario as being "realistic," but I'll stop short of calling it "likely."

However, it's likely that Alphabet will continue to rise in value as opposed to a decline in value.

PetroChina reached a market cap of $1 trillion briefly in 2007.

It's been done before, and it can surely be done again. Alphabet would be the ideal company to surpass this milestone. It's the Berkshire Hathaway of Tech.

Disclosure: I am/we are long BRK.B, MKL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. EU to Pursue Google Parent Alphabet on Multiple Fronts, Vestager Says BRUSSELS European Union regulators will actively pursue Google parent Alphabet Inc. on multiple fronts ranging from its contracts with advertisers to its Android mobile-operating system, the bloc s antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager said, in the clearest sign yet that the U.S. search giant is likely to face fresh competition charges in Brussels.

In an interview, Ms. Vestager also hinted that a compromise is possible with Russian energy company OAO Gazprom, which the EU has charged with hindering competition in Eastern... Google Turning Its Lucrative Web Search Over to AI Machines When Google-parent Alphabet Inc. reported eye-popping earnings last week its executives couldn t stop talking up the company s investments in machine learning and artificial intelligence.

QuickTake Artificial Intelligence

For any other company that would be a wonky distraction from its core business. At Google, the two are intertwined. Artificial intelligence sits at the extreme end of machine learning, which sees people create software that can learn about the world. Google has been one of the biggest corporate sponsors of AI, and has invested heavily in it for videos, speech, translation and, recently, search.

For the past few months, a  very large fraction  of the millions of queries a second that people type into the company s search engine have been interpreted by an artificial intelligence system, nicknamed RankBrain, said Greg Corrado, a senior research scientist with the company, outlining for the first time the emerging role of AI in search.

RankBrain uses artificial intelligence to embed vast amounts of written language into mathematical entities -- called vectors -- that the computer can understand. If RankBrain sees a word or phrase it isn t familiar with, the machine can make a guess as to what words or phrases might have a similar meaning and filter the result accordingly, making it more effective at handling never-before-seen search queries.

Unique Questions

The system helps Mountain View, California-based Google deal with the 15 percent of queries a day it gets which its systems have never seen before, he said. For example, it s adept at dealing with ambiguous queries, like,  What s the title of the consumer at the highest level of a food chain?  And RankBrain s usage of AI means it works differently than the other technologies in the search engine.

 The other signals, they re all based on discoveries and insights that people in information retrieval have had, but there s no learning,  Corrado said.

Keeping an edge in search is critical to Google, and making its systems smarter and better able to deal with ambiguous queries is one of the ways it can keep a grip on time-starved users, who are now mostly searching using their mobile devices.  If you say Google people think of search,  Corrado said.

Multiple Tools

RankBrain is one of the  hundreds  of signals that go into an algorithm that determines what results appear on a Google search page and where they are ranked, Corrado said. In the few months it has been deployed, RankBrain has become the third-most important signal contributing to the result of a search query, he said.

 I was surprised,  Corrado said.  I would describe this as having gone better than we would have expected. 

The addition of RankBrain to search is part of a half-decade-long push by Google into AI, as the company seeks to embed the technology into every aspect of its business.  Machine learning is a core transformative way by which we are rethinking everything we are doing,  said Google s Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai on the company s earnings call last week.

Smarter Than Your Average Engineer

So far, RankBrain is living up to its AI hype. Google search engineers, who spend their days crafting the algorithms that underpin the search software, were asked to eyeball some pages and guess which they thought Google s search engine technology would rank on top. While the humans guessed correctly 70 percent of the time, RankBrain had an 80 percent success rate.

Typical Google users agree. In experiments, the company found that turning off this feature  would be as damaging to users as forgetting to serve half the pages on Wikipedia,  Corrado said.

Getting here wasn t easy. The rollout of RankBrain represents a yearlong effort by a team that started with about five Google engineers, including search specialist Yonghui Wu, and deep-learning expert Thomas Strohmann. It took a long time to make sure the system was ranking things correctly.

The effort expanded to dozens of people after Amit Singhal, the company s senior vice president of search, gave the green light for it to be rolled out across all of Google search in early 2015.

 It s very carefully monitored,  Corrado said, nothing that Google periodically updates the system by feeding it a load of new data to help it better reason with new concepts.

Key Products

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Google s decision to deploy AI into search shows that companies are starting to entrust their most valuable businesses to systems controlled in part by machine intelligence. Facebook Inc. uses AI techniques to filter the newsfeed that comprises the personalized homepage of the social network and Microsoft Corp. is using artificial intelligence to increase the capabilities of its Bing search engine. Microsoft declined to be more specific about whether it s using a similar approach to Google.

 Search is the cornerstone of Google,  Corrado said.  Machine learning isn t just a magic syrup that you pour onto a problem and it makes it better. It took a lot of thought and care in order to build something that we really thought was worth doing.  Google Is Letting Artificial Intelligence Run Search Wells Fargo CFO Says Scandal Costs Will Abate This Year

48:58 - Wells Fargo CFO John Shrewsberry discusses the company's first-quarter earnings and the fallout from the bank's fake-account scandal. He speaks with Bloomberg's Julie Hyman, Joe Weisenthal and Abigail Doolittle on "What'd You Miss?" (Source: Bloomberg) Why Constellation Software Inc. Is Canada's Tech Giant Investors looking longingly at stellar earnings results from Amazon and Alphabet Inc. (Google s new holding company) have a Canadian option to consider: Constellation Software Inc. (TSX:CSU). The software-business giant s stock is up 66% year-to-date, with a stunning five-year return of 1,200%. The company gets little media attention, but will be in the news this week when it releases its third-quarter results on October 29. Investors will be hoping for similar results compared with the second quarter, when Constellation grew its revenue by 7% to $444 million and reported adjusted net income of $80 million, up 23% from the prior year s 

I consent to receiving information from The Motley Fool via email, direct mail, and occasional special offer phone calls. I understand I can unsubscribe from these updates at any time. Please read the Privacy Statement and Terms of Service for more information.

Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Also receive a free Email Newsletter from the Motley Fool. (You may unsubscribe any time.)

Investors looking longingly at stellar earnings results from Amazon and Alphabet Inc. (Google s new holding company) have a Canadian option to consider: Constellation Software Inc. (TSX:CSU).

The software-business giant s stock is up 66% year-to-date, with a stunning five-year return of 1,200%. The company gets little media attention, but will be in the news this week when it releases its third-quarter results on October 29. Investors will be hoping for similar results compared with the second quarter, when Constellation grew its revenue by 7% to $444 million and reported adjusted net income of $80 million, up 23% from the prior year s second quarter.

Analysts are keen on Constellation, even though the triple-digit stock is expensive by Canadian standards. Jason Donville, president and CEO at Donville Kent Asset Management, expects the company to grow by at least 25% in 2015 and to  once again generate superior, risk adjusted returns for its shareholders. 

Other analysts also like Constellation. Morningstar recently listed the company as a favourite of institutional investors, with an annual earnings momentum of 44%.

Constellation is known for its shrewd acquisitions. Although Q3 has been relatively quiet, in September the company closed a deal through its Perseus division to acquire the Market Leader business from Zillow Group. Market Leader is a CRM software system for the real estate industry. The deal cost Constellation US$23 million; it s not a bad price when you consider that two years ago, the Market Leader group sold for $355 million when Zillow purchased Trulia, the former owner of Market Leader.

Constellation completed eight smaller acquisitions in Q2 worth $112 million.

Constellation pays a quarterly dividend of $1 per share, a number that could be considered low considering the company has a market cap of $12.31 billion and an enterprise value of $12.6 billion. The company has maintained its dividend at this price since it began paying a dividend in April 2012.

Constellation may be a stock for investors with deep pockets, but considering its track record, it s unlikely to be a company you ll regret buying. With global outlook weak, many US companies tighten belts A U.S. flag hangs above the door of the New York Stock Exchange August 26, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson

NEW YORK U.S. companies are far from optimistic that next year will see them get a break from the tough economic and market conditions they have faced in 2015. And that may well hurt capital investment and jobs growth.

In the first three weeks of October, 165 American companies have cited the slowing global economy in their outlooks for earnings and revenue. That is up from 108 in the same period last year, and 97 in the year-earlier quarter, according to an analysis of earnings reports by Thomson Reuters.

Among the phrases that have appeared in many of those statements are  challenging macroeconomic environment,  or  global headwinds."

Earnings and revenue have been depressed this year largely because of the strong dollar, economic weakness in China and Brazil, and tumbling oil and commodities prices.

The rise in the value of the American currency means that profits earned in foreign currencies are worth less when translated into dollars, possibly making American exports less competitive.

The weakness in major emerging markets has hit sales by U.S. multinationals and the plunge in the prices of energy, metals and minerals have not only hit oil producers and miners but the manufacturing and service companies who sell to them.

The problems are clearly not across the board, as shown by better-than-expected results reported last Thursday by technology heavyweights Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), Google-owner Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), and Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O). They are all benefiting from the expansion of cloud-based computing.

But among the major companies to announce job cuts in recent weeks are industrial conglomerates United Technologies Corp (UTX.N) and General Electric Co (GE.N), technology giant Hewlett-Packard Co. (HPQ.N), and the world's largest oilfield services provider Schlumberger (SLB.N).

Even social media company Twitter Inc (TWTR.N), and biotechnology group Biogen Inc (BIIB.O) have said they are cutting jobs.

Large employers announced 205,759 U.S. job cuts in the third quarter, the largest amount since the third quarter of 2009, according to a report from outplacement firm Challenger, Gray & Christmas.

Caterpillar Inc (CAT.N), meanwhile, told analysts that it expects its capital spending to be  less than half of what it was in 2012,  while appliance maker Whirlpool Corp (WHR.N) lowered its capital spending for 2015 to between $700 million and $750 million, down from a previous forecast of $750 million to $800 million.

Those moves are coming at a time when overall corporate earnings in the third quarter are on pace to fall by 2.8 percent from this time last year. So far 59 percent of companies have reported revenues that have fallen below analyst estimates, according to Thomson Reuters data.

And expectations for 2016 are falling as well - in July analysts were predicting that corporate earnings per share in the first two quarters would grow 9.2 percent and 13.7 percent, respectively; those figures now are down to 4.7 percent for the first quarter and 6.2 percent for the second.

The companies own forecasts, meanwhile, are falling short of expectations at the greatest pace since June 2014, according to a BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research report.

Companies "have a reason to be worried. This isn't a major economic slowdown, but a meaningful one, and once you see a reduction in risk taking you will see a reduction in growth," said Paul Hoffmeister, a portfolio manager with the Quaker Funds.

REBOUND POSSIBLE

Few expect the economy to go into a free-fall, of course. Should the dollar and oil prices stabilize, the prospects for many companies could improve quickly and their earnings and revenue could beat expectations, setting the stage for a stock rally.

Some consumer-driven companies also continue to do well, both in the U.S. and even in China, where both Nike Inc (NKE.N) and toy-maker Mattel (MAT.O) have said they still see high rates of growth. Apple Inc, which reports its quarterly results Tuesday, has said that China remains a big part of its growth plans.

And some multinationals who have taken a pounding, such as household products giant Procter & Gamble Co (PG.N), have signaled they may be turning a corner. P&G said it sees sales growth strengthening in the second half of the year, as it focuses on more profitable lines such as Pampers diapers and Tide detergent.

Many of those feeling the pinch from slowing growth overseas are the same companies that just a few years ago were counting on China and other emerging economies to bolster their bottom lines.

For example, International Business Machines Corp (IBM.N), which cut its full-year profit forecast, said fewer big deals in China caused revenue from that country to fall 17 percent in the third quarter.

Alan Gayle, a portfolio manager at RidgeWorth Investments, said that he has been increasingly moving more of his equity portfolio into U.S.-based companies that have limited exposure to China and other emerging markets.

"I ve pulled back from my China and emerging market exposure until there are clearer signs that the economy has stopped slowing," he said, adding that he expects that top-line revenue growth will continue to be a challenge for U.S. companies there.

Yet he remains guardedly optimistic that oil and other commodity prices are nearing a bottom, and that consumer spending in the U.S. and Europe should remain steady. "We think the chances of a global recession remain quite low," he said.

(Additional reporting by Lewis Krauskopf, Robin Paxton and Bill Berkrot; Editing by Linda Stern, Martin Howell and Bernadette Baum) Wal-Mart Joins the Race for Drone Deliveries Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the world s largest retailer, wants to test drones for delivering products, entering a race with online competitors Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. s Google.

Wal-Mart on Monday asked the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration for a waiver to test drones outdoors, with a goal of eventually using them to deliver goods to consumers.

 Wal-Mart s distribution system could become more efficient and consumers could be better served, benefiting the public interest,  the company said in its application. It has already been experimenting indoors where it doesn t need government approval, according to its filing with the agency.

The company also wants to use drones to assist with tracking merchandise, such as taking inventory of trailers outside its distribution centers, according to the filing. Wal-Mart will have to wait until it does further testing before it can determine if or when drones will become part of its daily operations, spokesman Brian Nick said.

The FAA has issued more than 2,000 waivers to businesses that want to use drones for photography, aerial surveillance, inspections and other purposes. So far, the approvals have been for low-altitude flights within sight of the operator and away from bystanders, making it impossible to use for delivering products to people s homes.

Home Delivery

Companies such as Amazon and Google also have been testing drones designed to deliver small packages to people s homes, a concept that both have said is still years away. While FAA is finalizing regulations allowing more widespread commercial drone flights, it must craft an entirely new set of rules permitting the long-distance, robotic flights required for deliveries.

Wal-Mart has been trying to play catch up with Amazon in the delivery space, opening a new network of online fulfillment centers to speed delivery times and testing its own subscription shipping service, like Amazon Prime. It has also been pushing in-store pickup, where customers can order an item online and have it ready for pick up at their local Wal-Mart.

As growth slows in the U.S., Wal-Mart has been investing heavily in its online operations, opening offices in Silicon Valley with more than 2,000 programmers and engineers. Wal-Mart expects profit to fall as much as 12 percent next year as the retailer spends an additional $1.5 billion on higher wages for its workers and continues investing heavily in its web operations.

Wal-Mart shares have fallen 32 percent this year as investors have grown impatient with the company s slow growth.

Groceries

The application outlined several types of drone tests Wal-Mart wants to conduct, including delivering groceries in a parking lot outside a store and launching a drone from a truck to deliver packages to nearby homes. About 70 percent of the U.S. population lives within five miles of a Wal-Mart stores, according to the company.

The FAA has fast-tracked drone waiver applications it concludes are similar to previous ones it has granted. If the Wal-Mart application has new features, the agency may take additional time determining whether it meets safety requirements.

Wal-Mart plans to test two models from SZ DJI Technology Co., the Chinese company that is the world s leading manufacturer of small civilian drones. Facebook Inc (FB): Why The Stock Price Continues To Surge Diane Alter: The Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) stock price climbed 2% to hit a record high of $102.15 today (Friday) shortly after the opening bell. Its previous intraday high was $99.73, which the stock hit Thursday.

Shares of Facebook Inc. (Nasdaq: FB) were higher on a burst of better than expected earnings from tech behemoths. Alphabet Inc. (Nasdaq:GOOG, GOOGL), Amazon.com Inc. (Nasdaq: AMZN), and Microsoft Corp. (Nasdaq: MSFT) all jumped at least 9% after-hours Thursday.

That has investors expecting a similar earnings beat from Facebook when the company reports on Tuesday, Nov. 4.

Consensus estimates are for Facebook earnings per share (EPS) of $0.52. That s up from EPS forecasts of $0.50 three months ago. It would also be almost 21% higher than last year s EPS figure.

But earnings aren t the only reason investors are bullish on the Facebook stock price.

The company continues to work toward improving its platform and expanding its reach. And Facebook continues to reach new milestones 

Why the Facebook Stock Price Continues to Surge (Nasdaq: FB)

Thursday, Facebook introduced  Search FYI,  aimed at allowing users to quickly find  what the world is saying about topics that matter to them.  The new feature includes better search solutions with personalized search suggestions.  With over 1.5 billion searches per day and over 2 trillion posts in our index, search is an important, long-term effort at Facebook,  the company wrote on its blog page.

Facebook has also been working on a number of features for publishers to help them better manage and control their videos on Facebook. The company recently began testing new video-matching technology with a set of their partners. The long-term goal is to provide a comprehensive video management system for creators.

On Sept. 30, the Facebook stock price popped 3.7% after WantChinaTimesreported the site might soon be allowed in China.

On Sept. 24, Samsung Electronics and Facebook s Oculus introduced a new virtual reality handset.

On Sept. 23, Facebook announced its widely popular photo sharing app Instagram reached a milestone 400 million users. Analysts say political ad demand will drive revenue growth at Instagram in 2016.

WhatsApp founder Jan Koum announced on Sept. 4 that Facebook s WhatsApp now has 900 million monthly active users.

As investors anxiously await Facebook s Q3 results, a number of analysts have hiked their Facebook stock price targets and ratings 

Why Analysts  Like  Facebook Stock Now

Oct. 20: Jefferies raised its Facebook price target to $130 from $120.

Oct. 15: Argus upgraded Facebook to  Buy  from  Hold  with a $115 price target. The firms says with the two most popular smartphone applications in the United States, FB has successfully made the transition from desktop to mobile. It also continues to gain traction on monetization through increased advertising, broadening its appeal to users, and entering new areas such as virtual reality and messaging.

Oct. 2: Wedbush resumed Facebook with an  Outperform  rating and a $115 price.

Sept. 24: Rosenblatt reiterated its  Buy  rating on Facebook with a $115 target based on strong core fundamental factors, as well as video and Instagram ad drivers. The firm thinks revenue growth visibility for Facebook into next year will further increase from video ads and a greater push from Instagram ads.

Sept. 23: Axiom hiked its Facebook price target to $120.

According to data from The Wall Street Journal, 41 analysts rate FB  Buy.  Five have an  Overweight  rating, and five maintain a  Hold.  Presently, there are no  Underweight  or  Sell  ratings.

Money Morning Technical Trade Specialist D.R. Barton told Fox Business News Stuart Varney last month that Facebook has  proved they can monetize mobile in spades,  adding that they are  winning the mobile game  and have more upside.

Year to date, the Facebook stock price is up 30%.

Written By Diane Alter From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars; new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet.And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. JPMorgan Chase says it is building a rival to Apple Pay A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. Corporate headquarters in the Manhattan borough of New York City, May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar

LAS VEGAS JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) said on Monday it will soon launch its own competitor to Apple Pay that will allow consumers to pay retailers using their smartphones in stores, and it has already won the endorsement of a major group of merchants.

The largest U.S. bank is the latest company to try to profit from the prevalence of smartphones, which many financial executives believe will one day be consumers' preferred way to pay for everything from milk and eggs at the supermarket to a rental car at an airport.

The companies that figure out how to convince consumers to stop pulling credit cards out of their wallets and start paying with their phones stand to earn vast sums by taking a percentage of the trillions of dollars that consumers spend annually.

No clear front-runner has emerged in the business yet. Chase believes its smart phone application, known as Chase Pay, has one key advantage: the caliber of retailers it has brought on board, Gordon Smith, chief executive of the bank's consumer business, told Reuters.

Chase has signed a deal with the Merchant Customer Exchange, a group of major retailers including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, (WMT.N) the largest U.S. retailer, and Best Buy Co Inc (BBY.N) to accept payments through the bank's technology.

Retailers included in the Merchant Customer Exchange ring up more than $1 trillion of sales per year and have over 100,000 outlets.

Rivals like Apply Pay have struggled to sign up retailers to accept their payments. In June, Reuters interviewed the top 100 U.S. retailers and found that two-thirds said they did not plan to accept Apple Pay this year.

Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) Apple Pay's website lists Best Buy in its "Coming Soon" section but has no mention of Wal-Mart.

Chase signed up the Merchant Customer Exchange mainly by promising to cut retailers' costs, Smith said. Whenever a consumer pays for something with plastic, the retailer pays fees to banks and credit card networks to process the transaction.

Chase is willing to accept a lower fee for Chase Pay transactions than for other transactions, and hopes to make up the difference by getting more volume over its network, Smith said.

"As merchants give us more business, we will give them better pricing," Smith said in an interview. Chase declined to comment on how much it would cut fees.

Chase expects to market its product heavily in the middle of next year. Smith is speaking to retailers about Chase Pay at a conference about payments on Monday in Las Vegas.

David Robertson, publisher of the Nilson Report, which tracks the card business, said JPMorgan's bid matters to players throughout the industry because of how many cardholder and merchant customers the bank has. "The whole thing is about scale, and Chase is a titan," Robertson said.

Chase Pay is also promising superior security, a critical selling point after retailers including Target Corp (TGT.N) and Home Depot Inc (HD.N) suffered from hacking attacks, Smith said. Longer term, Chase also hopes merchants will offer more discounts through Chase Pay, encouraging consumers to use the technology more.

Chase Pay will initially work for consumers that already have Chase credit, debit, and prepaid cards, Smith told Reuters in an interview. There are about 94 million of those cards outstanding now in the United States, and the bank has more spending on them than any other issuer. The app will work on Apple and Android-based phones.

JPMorgan Chase's consumer bank has already factored the system's near-term launch costs into its expense estimates, and expects the benefits to come over the medium to long term.

The bank will continue working with Apple Pay and other services even as it builds a rival, Smith said.

Chase Pay is just one of a series of companies trying to become the go-to payment technologies, including Apple Pay, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's (005930.KS) Samsung Pay, and Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Android Pay.

(Reporting by David Henry and Nandita Bose in Las Vegas, editing by Dan Wilchins, Christian Plumb and Alan Crosby) 
2015-01-07
North Korea boosted 'cyber forces' to 6000 troops, South says A computer keyboard with letters stacked forming the word 'password' is seen in this illustration picture taken in Warsaw, December 12, 2013. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel

SEOUL North Korean military's "cyber army" has boosted its numbers to 6,000 troops, the South Korean Defence Ministry said on Tuesday, double Seoul's estimate for the force in 2013, and is working to cause "physical and psychological paralysis" in the South.

The new figure, disclosed in a ministry white paper, comes after the United States, South Korea's key ally, imposed new sanctions on North Korea for a cyber attack on Sony Pictures Entertainment. Pyongyang has denied involvement in the attack.

For years, North Korea has been pouring resources into a sophisticated cyber-warfare cell called Bureau 121, run by the military's spy agency and staffed by some of the most talented computer experts in the country.

Its long-term target may be telecoms and energy grids in rival nations, defectors from the isolated state said.

"North Korea is currently running its 6,000 (-member) workforce for cyber warfare and performing cyber attacks for physical and psychological paralysis inside South Korea such as causing troubles for military operations and national infrastructures," the South Korean Defence Ministry said.

North Korea has denied involvement in the recent hack into Sony Pictures, which distributed a comedy film featuring an assassination plot against its leader Kim Jong Un and slammed the fresh U.S. sanctions, calling them hostile and repressive policies by Washington.

The reclusive country is also suspected to have carried out a series of other cyber attacks against South Korea, which it is technically at war with.

In 2013, South Korea blamed the North for crippling cyber-attacks that froze the computer systems of its banks and broadcasters for days.

The two Koreas have remained technically at war for more than six decades as the Korean War ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty.

(Reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by) Google Inc's Smart Home Strategy Taking Shape The explosive potential of the Internet of Things and smart homes, in particular, is almost difficult to fathom. According to some reports, smart home devices alone generated over $60 billion in revenue last year and will climb to an estimated $490 billion in 2019.

That explains why Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) went all-in about a year ago, acquiring what was then little-known Nest Labs and its smart thermostat, smoke, and carbon monoxide detector solution.

What wasn't clear was how Google would turn that major smart home acquisition into a significant source of revenue -- at least significant enough to warrant writing a $3 billion-plus check. Google's vision for smart homes came into focus a bit when it announced a $555 million deal for cloud-based home security manufacturer, Dropcam, which was followed by the acquisition of Revolv -- an all-in-one app to control multiple smart devices -- for an undisclosed sum.

Now, based on a recent announcement from the company, it's becoming clear how Google intends to dominate smart homes.

A plan comes together

The Consumer Electronics Show, or CES, is an annual gathering of who's who in the world of technology -- specifically, consumer tech solutions and innovations. Not surprisingly, Google is well-represented at this year's CES in Las Vegas, boasting "over a dozen booths." Why so many? Google needs a lot of room to show off the laundry list of devices that can now be operated by, and in conjunction with, its Nest device.

In addition to syncing with smart locks, VoIP phones, and even electric cars, Nest will also work with Whirlpool and LG smart appliances, along with Philips Hue light bulbs, to name just a few. In other words, just six months after launching its Works with Nest initiative, what started as a smart thermostat is quickly becoming the centerpiece of Google's entire smart home strategy.

Virtually all of the Nest-enabled smart functionality addresses either energy efficiency, safety, or both. Locking your doors as you leave a Google-inspired smart home automatically adjusts your heat down to conserve energy. Have kids that are due home at a certain time after school? If they're late, your Nest-synched smart home will alert you via a call to your cell phone. At first glance, it would appear Google's Nest solution is the driving force for its smart home ambitions, and it's certainly the hub. But it's likely the aforementioned Revolv acquisition that will really put Google smart homes over the top.

The telltale sign

After spending over $3 billion for Nest Labs and another $550 million for Dropcam, the significance of the Revolv deal may have slipped under the radar. But it was Revolv that helped Google solve one of the fledgling smart home market's biggest hurdles -- getting all of these devices to "talk to each other." And as more products in the home become connected via the Nest hub, Revolv will act as an interpreter of sorts.

Google's smart home competitors, including Samsung following its $200 million deal for SmartThings and Apple offering the ecobee3 smart thermostat via its Store, are specific to each company's mobile devices and operating systems, though the ecobee3 is also available for Android. Certainly good first steps, and both Samsung and Apple have proven their mettle time and again when entering burgeoning markets. But Nest, Dropcam, and especially Revolv, with its all-in-one communication and control capabilities, have set Google apart in the smart home battle.

Can smart home device shipments really grow significantly faster than mobile devices over the next four years, as some predict? Could they amount to over 25% of the entire IoT industry by 2019 -- a market that's expected to be nearly $2 trillion in total? It's hard to imagine, but even if these aggressive estimates prove overly optimistic, it's safe to say smart homes will play a significant role in driving IoT revenues. And Google, as its Works with Nest group is demonstrating at CES, will lead the way.

Editor's note: This article has been edited to clarify the relationship between Apple and the ecobee3 smart thermostat. Race to define car of the future shifts into high gear The Mercedes-Benz F015 Luxury in Motion autonomous concept car is shown on stage during the 2015 International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. REUTERS/Steve Marcus

LAS VEGAS/DETROIT Automakers and Silicon Valley upstarts are kicking their efforts to define the car of the future into a higher gear, even though many of the players disagree about what that car should be.

The emerging autonomous vehicle technology sector is still in a turbulent stage akin to the old debate over "Betamax versus VHS" format. Standards are not yet defined, winners and losers are not sorted out and major players disagree sharply about the best way to bring the promise of safer, smarter cars to market.

Consider the contrasting visions of the automotive future put forward at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas this week by Mark Fields and Dieter Zetsche, the chief executives of Ford Motor Co (F.N) and Daimler AG (DAIGn.DE), respectively.

Ford s approach, Fields says, is to focus initially on connecting cars and their drivers to the mobile Web, with apps as the building blocks, and work on sensors and software that eventually will enable the development of fully autonomous vehicles in the next decade. Ford wants to develop affordable technology for a broad swath of consumers   the philosophy behind founder Henry Ford s Model T.

Daimler's Mercedes-Benz has a different idea from Ford - and worlds apart from Internet company Google Inc (GOOGL.O), which has jolted the automotive establishment with its high-profile effort to develop a fully self-driving city car.

Zetsche presented a futuristic Mercedes prototype at CES that could drive itself down city boulevards while passengers used hand gestures to call up information about restaurants along the route or receive invitations to party from friends nearby.

Where Ford wants to make autonomous cars for "Everyman," and Google envisions cars as pod-like appliances, Daimler presented robotic driving as part of a technology package that sets its premium cars apart from plebian rides. At the same time, Zetsche said Daimler could extend the self-driving concept to tiny "green" cars such as its Smart EV or into car-sharing programs such as its Car2Go enterprise - potentially challenging Google in that sphere.

"I hope you will still recognize us as being the inventor of the car," Zetsche told Reuters. "But we should be defined by our future, not by our past."

SENSE OF URGENCY

The urgency among the companies looking to profit from connected vehicle technology, including the hardware and software required for automated driving, is increasing. Several automakers, including Mercedes, General Motors Co (GM.N) and Volkswagen AG's (VOWG_p.DE) Audi, have said they want to have vehicles capable of significant levels of hands-free driving on the road between 2016 and 2020. That means contracts to supply hardware and software need to be signed now.

The head of Google s autonomous vehicle project, Chris Urmson, is scheduled to speak next week at an industry conference in Detroit to send the message that Google wants to forge partnerships with traditional automakers and suppliers to get its technology on the road.

Research firm IHS Automotive has estimated that self-driving car technology will add more than $31 billion in revenue for Google by 2040.

It is not clear, however, how automakers and such traditional technology suppliers as Continental AG (CONG.DE), Delphi Automotive PLC (DLPH.N), Robert Bosch GmbH [ROBG.UL] or Visteon Corp (VC.N), will welcome Google and other Silicon Valley companies looking to muscle their way between automotive brands and their customers.

Volkswagen, for example, announced at CES this week that it has partnered with Google rival TomTom to provide mapping data for its vehicles. Accurate maps are critical for autonomous driving, and they also provide richer information to drivers based on their location.

SHAKING UP STATUS QUO

Investors are betting that whatever happens, the status quo will be upended. Enthusiasm is high for companies positioned to benefit from increased automation and digital connectivity - including ride-sharing companies such as Uber, which aim to blow up traditional car ownership.

Valuations for some technology upstarts in the auto sector have soared above many of the industry's stalwarts.

 You will see the Old Guard lose its (share price) multiples and the New Guard valued at crazy levels,  said Cathie Wood, chief executive of Ark Investment Management LLC, which invests in shares of companies it believes will benefit from the growth in connected and autonomous vehicle technology.

The traditional auto sector is also investing heavily to avoid being eclipsed.

 It s protecting our future,  said Tim Yerdon, vice president of Visteon s connected services.  We have to play in it one way or the other. 

(Editing by Joe White and Matthew Lewis) Police in China disclose contract for mobile phone snooping A woman speaks on her iPhone as she walks on a busy street in downtown Shanghai September 10, 2013. REUTERS/Aly Song

BEIJING China's push for government transparency appears to have gone awry in one eastern city after police disclosed on their website a 149,000-yuan ($23,983-) contract to develop software for hacking mobile phones.

Public security officials in the city of Wenzhou quickly removed the notice on Wednesday after its discovery by Internet users had created a sensation on Chinese social media.

The deleted page, which is still viewable in Google's cache, showed the Wenzhou Economic and Technological Development Zone's public security bureau awarding two contracts to Wuhan Hongxin Telecommunication Technologies Co, a subsidiary of a major information technology company affiliated with China's central government.

Chinese government agencies routinely disclose procurement contracts on their web sites in a nod toward transparency, but the Wenzhou police probably did not intend to share with the world the descriptions of their purchases.

The records, dated Dec 15, show that one product, bought for 49,000 yuan ($7,887), let them inject Trojan Horse viruses into Android and unlocked Apple Inc cell phones.

Another product, a Trojan Horse virus itself, bought for 100,000 yuan ($16,096), "allows users to monitor phone conversations, text messages and photos in real time".

Wuhan Hongxin's publicly listed telephone line appeared to be disconnected on Wednesday, and could not be reached.

An employee of the Wenzhou police agency involved in the purchase referred Reuters to the agency's spokesman, whose telephone also appeared to have been disconnected.

The revelations threaten to tarnish the reputation of Wenzhou, which China has promoted as a model for a "smart city" that boasts interconnected telecoms systems and cloud computing capabilities.

Many users of Weibo, China's microblogging network, slammed the police and software company.

"Is it right for the police to be doing mobile spying in such a high-profile way?" said one Weibo user, Yang Haifeng. "How impressive that Wuhan Hongxin has these products!"

China has long been accused by countries such as the United States of carrying out extensive hacking. The government in Beijing has bristled at the accusations, saying it is resolutely opposed to all forms of hacking and is often a victim itself.

($1=6.2127 Chinese yuan renminbi)

(Reporting by Gerry Shih and Beijing newsroom; Editing by Clarence Fernandez) 
2015-02-05
Verizon to sell wireline operations and towers worth over $15 bln A sign hangs in the Verizon booth on the first day of the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas January 8, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking

SAN FRANCISCO Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) will sell wireline assets to Frontier Communications Corp (FTR.O) for $10.54 billion in cash and cell phone towers worth over $5 billion to American Tower Corp, the company said on Thursday.

The assets being sold to Frontier and American Tower are the latest in a series of non-core assets that Verizon has sold in recent months to reduce debt and raise cash for investments.

The Frontier deal is expected to close in the first half of next year and is subject to regulatory approval, Verizon said.

Frontier will acquire Verizon's local wireline operations in California, Florida and Texas, including 3.7 million voice connections, 1.2 million FiOS video connections and 2.2 million broadband connections, Verizon said.

The company said it will lease over 11,300 towers and sell 165 towers worth $5.06 billion to Boston-based American Tower.

Moreover, Verizon on Thursday announced plans to buyback shares worth $5 billion.

The largest U.S. carrier by subscribers, Verizon purchased 181 licenses worth $10.4 billion in a government sale of wireless airwaves for mobile data that closed last week. That came on top of $130 billion it spent in 2013 to buy from Vodafone (VOD.L) the 45 percent in its wireless unit that it did not already own.

Verizon has been exploring steps to speed up its debt repayment and divest assets to help fund repurchasing some shares it issued after it announced the Vodafone deal.

The company will use capital raised in these two transactions to invest in upgrading its network, deliver shareholder returns and repay debt, Chief Executive Lowell McAdam said in a call with investors after the announcement.

"We remain committed to getting back to our pre-Vodafone transaction credit rating profile in the 2018 to 2019 time frame." McAdam said.

The company has been investing heavily in growing its wireless business while reducing spend on its broadband Internet and telephone services.

Frontier did a similar deal in 2009, when Verizon sold 4.8 million rural phone lines to Frontier for $8.6 billion in stock and cash.

Shares in Frontier soared over 8.5 percent after closing at $7.70 in trading after market close on Thursday. Shares in Verizon and American Tower were relatively unchanged after closing at $47.86 and $99.59 respectively.

(Reporting by Malathi Nayak; editing by Andrew Hay) China's top video site Youku Tudou plans user-targeted productions Youku Tudou Inc., the Chinese company that combines a YouTube-like online streaming service with corporate arms that make video games, movies and TV shows, believes it has built a hit-making machine unlike any other on earth.

And it may be right. Last year, in its inaugural run at moviemaking, its Heyi Pictures division co-produced three of China s top 10 domestic movies and captured 11 per cent of the national box-office take. On Wednesday, it laid out plans for a new year of films that will be spun out of a web comedy, a romance show, a comic book, a theatre play and a song   movies it says it will not shoot but will incubate into intellectual properties that span smartphones, computers, televisions and cinema screens.

 It s really an entertainment ecosystem,  said Victor Koo, Youku Tudou s chairman and chief executive, in an interview with The Globe and Mail. It s  something we haven t seen our international or domestic counterparts do. 

For China, it s something else, too. It s a way to use the Internet to make money in a piracy-laden country where people remain loath to spend for digital content   Youku s Netflix-like subscription service brought in just 18 per cent of what it spent on bandwidth in the latest quarter   but are spending in record numbers in theatres.

 Getting direct consumer revenue through movies or games or other culture products is something that we are very suitable for. That s an area of focus for the entire group,  Mr. Koo said.

The size of China s online titans   Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. boasts a $224-billion market cap, while Youku Tudou is worth $3.3-billion   suggests a maturity that does not exist. In the past year alone, the country welcomed 31 million fresh Internet users and another 57 million people new to the mobile Internet. While the upstarts of the Western online world are now making money   think Facebook Inc. and Twitter Inc.   the same has not been true of some in China.

The business model for companies such as Youku Tudou, the biggest online video site in China with 500 million active monthly users, is fundamentally dissimilar from Western counterparts. Where Facebook and Google Inc., through YouTube, sell ads for content they get for free through user submissions, Youku and its competitors pay heavily to buy and create shows and movies. And unlike Netflix, they haven t had much luck getting people to pay for content. Advertising dollars aren t covering all costs, either (although the company says it is profitable in existing businesses, and is losing money because it is expanding so fast).

That s where the idea of incubating online ideas   that intellectual property   for life in the real world comes in.

Youku Tudou is not creating new content so much as manufacturing it, starting by scouring the viewing habits among the sea of people that click their way through its sites every day. The company looks at  what they view, what they look for, how they interact, how they upload, how they film different content. We have many years of experience, hundreds of millions of user datas to help us drive that knowledge,  Mr. Koo said.

 So when the movie comes eventually, we have a much stronger brand name, much more targeted marketing distribution strategy   and it can impact the whole content production process. 

Yet the moviemaking sophistication is set against a Chinese media landscape that has gotten far trickier. Driven by President Xi Jinping, a broad ideological tightening has seen universities ordered to ban textbooks with Western values, and artists ordered to the countryside in a move reminiscent of Mao s cultural campaigns. Movies have been ordered re-edited to omit cleavage, and online video sites forced to register their foreign content and limit it to 30 per cent of what they have available.

To compensate, Youku Tudou has begun looking at partnerships with U.S. and European content makers, since co-produced content doesn t count against the cap. But it may have to do more if it s to begin making money.

 Eventually every business needs profit,  said Will Tao, an analyst with Beijing-based Internet consultancy iResearch. He believes merging  might be a better choice  for the company, and suggested it might make sense to join with a smartphone-maker such as Xiaomi Inc. or even Alibaba.

Some form of merger is an option Youku Tudou has considered as well.

 The field has always been getting smaller and smaller over time,  said Mr. Koo.  It either happens through attrition or through consolidation. The market shapes itself. 

Report Typo/Error Apple Inc. Brand Loyalty Is Paying Off Handsomely The well-documented smartphone battle between Apple(NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS and Google(NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android took an interesting turn this week. For the first time since 2012, Apple iPhone sales outdid all Android device sales combined in the last quarter of 2014, according to a new report from Kantar Worldpanel ComTech. This news reinforces just how big of a hit the newest iPhone models have been with consumers, and it shows the strength of the portfolio of Apple smartphone offerings.

Indeed, brand loyalty matters after all

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus marked Apple's first foray into smartphones with displays larger than 4 inches -- a market already proven to be hot with many Android customers. As Apple competed with Samsung with similarly sized flagship devices, the tech giant proved it could not only attract new smartphone owners but also convince many Android users to make the switch.

With smartphone penetration in the U.S. at 59%, Kantar analyst Carolina Milanesi says platform loyalty is key.

As the opportunity to attract first-time smartphone buyers in developed economies diminishes, retaining loyal customers is becoming as important as winning them over from competing platforms. Apple's average customer loyalty of 87% across the US and Europe certainly looks promising.

Samsung, on the other hand, has a brand loyalty rate of 62%, according to Kantar, the strongest of all Android manufacturers in the U.S.

The idea that brand loyalty will matter more as market penetration increases is not new. Though when Apple stock was pulling back in 2013 and cheap Android devices were rapidly proliferating, the idea was not popular. Yankee Group's Carl Howe projected in April 2013 that the Apple smartphone platform would surpass Android market share in 2015. While we have yet to see market share data for this year, his estimates could turn out to be quite accurate.

No matter how close Howe's exact figures end up being to actual market share data by year-end, his underlying premise, outlined in 2013 when many wrote that Apple was doomed, has played out as he imagined.

Think of the Apple and Android ecosystems as two buckets of water. New smartphone buyers -- mostly upgrading feature phone owners -- fall like rain into the two big buckets about equally, with a smaller number falling into Windows Phone and BlackBerry buckets. However, the Android bucket leaks badly, losing about one in five of all the owners put into it. The Apple bucket leaks only about 7 percent of its contents, so it retains more of the customers that fall into it. The Apple bucket will fill up faster and higher than the Android one, regardless of the fact that the Apple bucket may have had fewer owners in it to begin with.

Apple's U.S. market share of smartphone sales for the fourth quarter was 47.7%, up from 43.9% in the year-ago quarter, according to Kantar. Android's share of smartphone sales fell to 47.6% from 50.7% during the same period.

A global trend

The record-setting quarter went beyond the U.S. In Europe and China, Android smartphones still outsold the iPhone, but iPhone market share gained meaningfully in both markets. In Europe, Android saw its share decline by 3.8 percentage points, while Apple enjoyed a rise of 6.2 percentage points, according to Kantar. In China, Apple's share jumped 2.5 percentage points while Android's share decreased 1.6 percentage points.

Going forward, Apple has guided for revenue in the first calendar quarter of 2015 to be about 17% higher than the year-ago period, suggesting that the company expects even more big numbers from its iPhone business in 2015. 
2015-10-14
Mixed Earnings, Soggy Economic Data Freeze Stock Market Rally Global stock shares slumped and may pull U.S. markets down, too, although equity futures trading was mixed early on. The big fundamental driver was yet another data release in China that indicated a slower economy there. Add in weaker U.S. reports that raise fresh uncertainty for Federal Reserve interest rate policy timing. One Fed member, Governor Daniel Tarullo, said in a Tuesday speech that he doesn t currently favor a 2015 interest rate hike.

For stock markets that s a challenge. Some traders might embrace the extension of overly easy borrowing conditions if just for a few more months, while others are getting nervous that delays simply reflect a worse-than-expected turn for the global economy that could fester.

As if on cue, consumer inflation in China eased more than expected, adding to the list of concerns surrounding the world's second-largest economy. The country's consumer price index climbed 1.6% in September from a year earlier, against an expected 1.8% rise and following August's 2% gain. Meanwhile, China's producer price index fell 5.9%, logging its 43rd straight month of decline.

As global stocks dip, gold stretched to three-month highs after four straight days of gains. Investors are opting for the shiny stuff as the dollar weakens on expectations for a delayed Fed rate hike. The weak Chinese pricing data only drove more interest in gold buying; it earlier hit $1,175.10 an ounce, its highest since July 6.

Retail Sputters? Sales at U.S. retailers rose just 0.1% in September after no change in August, government data showed. Auto sales were strong once again, jumping 1.7%. And sales at gas stations fell as expected, down 3.2%, because of lower prices at the pump. Yet total sales excluding autos and gas were flat. So-called control group sales that factor into GDP rose a tame 0.2%. Still on tap: The Fed s Beige Book collection of on-the-ground economic conditions from around the country. Let s see what anecdotal reports have to say about consumer spending.

Producer Prices Clipped By Weak Gas. U.S. wholesale prices fell a seasonally adjusted 0.5% in September, largely because of the biggest drop in gasoline since the first month of the year, a separate report this morning revealed. Excluding the volatile categories of food, energy and trade, core prices dipped 0.3%. Over the past year overall producer prices have fallen an unadjusted 1.1%, and the year-over-year increase has been negative for eight straight months, MarketWatch reports. Core wholesale prices are up 0.5% in the past 12 months, however.

Earnings Wrap Looks Mixed: The earnings reports continue to flow. Of note, Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE: WFC) beat the Street view with its revenue as loans expanded. JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) fell after the bank s quarterly revenue missed Street expectations. Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) traded lower after its post-bell report Tuesday beat Street expectations but some traders may instead have focused on slower growth expectations for its data-center business. Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE: DAL) saw its profit lifted by lower fuel costs and its CEO said that boost could continue. And in other company news, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) is reportedly testing a dedicated video channel, intensifying its rivalry with Alphabet Inc Class C (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) property YouTube. Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) is among the companies slated to report after the market s close.

Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold.

Market volatility, volume, and system availability may delay account access and trade executions.

Past performance of a security or strategy does not guarantee future results or success.

Options are not suitable for all investors as the special risks inherent to options trading may expose investors to potentially rapid and substantial losses. Options trading subject to TD Ameritrade review and approval. Please read Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options before investing in options.

Supporting documentation for any claims, comparisons, statistics, or other technical data will be supplied upon request.

The information is not intended to be investment advice or construed as a recommendation or endorsement of any particular investment or investment strategy, and is for illustrative purposes only. Be sure to understand all risks involved with each strategy, including commission costs, before attempting to place any trade. Clients must consider all relevant risk factors, including their own personal financial situations, before trading.

TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA/SIPC. TD Ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank.   2015 TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Used with permission.

Posted-In: Markets Movers Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-07-30
FBI understaffed to tackle cyber threats, says watchdog Five men who have been added to the FBI s Cyber Most Wanted list for their roles in domestic and international hacking and fraud crimes are seen in undated FBI handout photos released November 5, 2013. REUTERS/FBI/Handout via Reuters

WASHINGTON The FBI is struggling to attract computer scientists to its cybersecurity program mainly due to low pay, a report by the U.S. Department of Justice showed, highlighting weaknesses in a flagship initiative to tackle growing cyber threats.

As of January 2015, The Federal Bureau of Investigation had only hired 52 of the 134 computer scientists it was authorized to employ under the Justice Department's Next Generation Cyber Initiative launched in 2012, the report showed.

Although cyber task forces have been set up at all 56 FBI field offices, five of them did not have a computer scientist assigned to them, the report by the Office of the Inspector General found.

Cyber security threats are among the Justice Department's top priorities and there has been a slew of damaging cyberattacks against private companies and U.S. government agencies in the last couple of years.

The FBI budgeted $314 million on the program for the 2014 fiscal year, including 1,333 full-time employees, the report by the internal watchdog said.

Lower salaries compared to the private sector made it difficult for the FBI to hire and retain cyber experts, the Office of the Inspector General said in the report.

It also said extensive background check procedures and drug tests excluded many otherwise qualified candidates.

For example, the FBI is unable to hire anyone who is found to have used marijuana in the previous three years or any other illegal drug in the past ten years, it said.

The report follows the disclosure by the U.S. government's personnel management agency that up to 22.1 million people were affected by a breach of its computer networks that was discovered in April, or almost 7 percent of the U.S. population.

The United States has privately accused China for the cyber attack, but Beijing has denied responsibility.

A previous hack on Sony Pictures Entertainment in November 2014 was pinned on North Korea by FBI investigators.

The FBI said in a letter to the Office of the Inspector General responding to the report that "the cyber workforce challenge runs throughout the federal government" and that it would continue to develop "aggressive and innovative recruitment and retention strategies".

(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Andrew Hay) Google Inc. Is Finally Giving Up on Google+ Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently announced that it would remove Google+ integration from all its products, starting with YouTube. That retreat indicates that Google+ -- its doomed attempt to challenge Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) -- will soon join Orkut, Latitude, Buzz, Jaiku, and Dodgeball in its crowded social media graveyard.

It's clear that Google now realizes that requiring users to sign up for Google+ to access its services could turn potential users away from its ecosystem. Bradley Horowitz, Google's VP of streams, photos and sharing, promised in a blog post to "offer better options for managing and removing" Google+ accounts in the near future.

This announcement shouldn't come as a huge surprise to Google+ users. Last year, Google removed Google+ profile photos and circle counts from its search engine, and Google+ founder and chief Vic Gundotra resigned. In March, Google split the network in two, with stand-alone Photos and Streams services. In June, it completely removed Google+ links from Gmail and search results.

All those moves isolated Google+'s active user base from the rest of Google's ecosystem. But if Google+ dies, can Google possibly loosen Facebook's iron grip on social media?

Why social networking matters

Back in October 2013, Google claimed that Google+ had 300 million active users who viewed its Stream on a monthly basis. It didn't provide any updates after that; but this January, pseudonymous blogger Edward Morbius estimated that only four million to six million people actively post and interact with each other on the social network every month (excluding YouTube comments), while less than 200 million users have posted any public content at all. By comparison, Facebook finished its first quarter with 1.44 billion monthly active users.

Google's weakness in social networking leaves it vulnerable in three ways. First, the more time people spend on Facebook daily, the less time they'll spend on Google's services, which translates to less user data and fewer ad views. To keep users locked in longer, Facebook has launched its own video and news publishing services, and is evolving Messenger into a monolithic app platform.

Second, Facebook uses single sign-ons, which are sprinkled across third-party apps and sites, to tether users (and their data) to its main site. Lastly, Google mainly crafts ads based on digital footprints like search and location data, but users voluntarily give detailed personal information to Facebook by updating their profiles, which makes it a goldmine of personal data for advertisers.

According to Google insiders interviewed by Business Insider, Google+ failed because it was designed to tether users to its other products, rather than helping users connect to each other in meaningful new ways. Its Circles system was also considered more confusing than simply friending a person on Facebook.

But don't count Google out yet

Google+ might be on its deathbed, but Google still plans to strike back against Facebook in two new ways. In May, Google launched its stand-alone Photos app, which automatically backs up users' photos to an unlimited cloud storage service. The app can automatically identify animals, objects, and events, which provides Google more data for targeted ads.

It's not a new idea -- Facebook AI Research (FAIR) is also developing similar image recognition tools. However, Google Photos has already been installed at least 50 million times on Android, indicating that it could be a much more useful service than Google+.

That same month, Google unveiled Android M, the latest version of its mobile OS, at its I/O developers conference. With M, Google will try to corral all mobile apps and websites -- which were straying toward Facebook -- within its ecosystem.

It plans to do that with "Now on Tap," which scans through the text of apps and sites for searchable terms when the Home key is pressed. For example, if a friend asks you if you want to see a movie in an email, you can use the feature to automatically pull up a card with a brief summary.

Other buttons will let you view the trailer on YouTube, check tweets about the film on Twitter, or read additional reviews on other sites. This allows Google to place an "Android overlay" over third-party apps and sites, and gather data from them, even if they're tethered to Facebook.

The key takeaway

In my opinion, it's highly unlikely that Google will launch another "Facebook-like" social network after Google+ fades away. Instead, it will keep collecting user photos to gain more personal data, and leverage its increased control over Android M to mine more data from third-party apps and sites. Google's solutions certainly aren't as elegant as Facebook's system, but they're necessary to ensure that its targeted ads remain relevant. Netflix CEO wants to take over the world It has taken less than two decades for Netflix Inc. to transform how people watch TV and movies. That s how much time has elapsed since co-founder and Chief Executive Reed Hastings, irked by a $40 late fee at a video store in 1997, came up with the idea for the service.

Today, binge watching video is so common that viewers expect to be able to start and finish full TV series in a weekend. Netflix has led a dramatic shift that has overturned the cable-TV business and pushed media companies to offer stand-alone services at affordable prices.

Netflix NFLX, -0.63% is now looking to challenge some of the most creative minds in the business, in its quest to become the gold standard of content while continuing to lead in streaming technology.

 When you look at studios like Pixar, that combine great story telling and the great technological aspects, that s where we want to be,  Hastings told MarketWatch.

Achieving that goal means spending billions of dollars to produce content and extend the service to all corners of the globe. Yet Netflix s revenue still relies on a $7.99-a-month base fee. Profit tumbled 63% in its latest quarter as it spent more on content and expansion in foreign markets, and its negative free cash flow widened. The company s unwavering opposition to advertisements and its apparent lack of interest in cracking down on account sharing raise serious questions about whether it can continue with the same model while working to achieve such audacious goals.

Technological advantage

Before Netflix, Hastings was a mathematician and engineer. His first entrepreneurial project, Pure Software, made products designed to troubleshoot software. That background has helped Netflix create streaming-video technology that is viewed as first-rate, pushing the company far ahead of competing services.

 Streaming video content at scale is no easy task. Having the technology to do so is a huge advantage,  said Richard Greenfield, an analyst at BTIG who said Netflix and Google Inc. s GOOGL, -0.15% YouTube are a cut above the rest in delivering streaming video.  Trying to get the top engineers out of Stanford or MIT to go work for some place like Viacom VIA, -1.51% is hard to do. 

Netflix is certainly streaming at scale. The company has 65 million subscribers worldwide streaming 100 million hours of content a day   making it the clear leader in the sector. The company continues to invest heavily in technology and research and development, spending a sum equal to about 9% of its annual revenue, according to Raymond James analyst Justin Patterson.

 Netflix understands the cloud,  he wrote in a recent note.

In Patterson s eyes, Netflix is bound to figure out programming before its competitors   media companies   can fully grasp the digital world, streaming technology and the cloud.  With Netflix hiring about three times as many engineers as HBO, we believe this is a sustainable competitive advantage,  that note read.

Netflix has long considered HBO to be its biggest rival in terms of content, but HBO has a long way to go to catch up with Netflix s subscriber numbers. The Time Warner Inc. TWX, -0.50% network only recently launched its own over-the-top streaming service, HBO Now, for consumers who are not paying for the cable-TV-tied online streaming service HBO Go. And that service proved especially unreliable during big episodes of the hit show  Game of Thrones. 

Content ownership

While the likes of HBO work to catch up on the technology front, Netflix has turned much of its attention toward becoming a major player in original content. It has premiered more than two dozen original shows, documentaries and specials this year, and it will soon launch its first round of original films.

Some of that original content, however, is not actually made by Netflix. The series with which it is arguably most closely associated,  House of Cards,  for example, is owned and produced by film and TV studio Media Rights Capital. And last year the first season was sold to Comcast Corp. CMCSA, -0.40% for on-demand rights.

Hastings is hoping to change the company s current method of obtaining original content, so that Netflix holds all the cards.  We ve been really growing in our approach to original content,  he said.  Take  Wet Hot American Summer    that s an example of something we re producing with a studio. It is a continuum of where in the process you re getting involved. It s not necessarily black and white: [that] either you own all of it or none of it. 

Netflix s eight-episode miniseries  Wet Hot American Summer: First Day of Camp,  set to premiere Friday, is a prequel to the 2001 cult satire film. Much of the original cast went on to do big things in Hollywood. Paul Rudd, Christopher Meloni, Amy Poehler, Bradley Cooper and Elizabeth Banks starred in the original film and will return for the Netflix project, joined by Chris Pine, Jason Schwartzman, Jon Hamm, Kristen Wiig and Jordan Peele.

Owning content that is expensive to create clearly makes sense. Peter Micelli, a TV literary agent at Creative Artists Agency, said in 2013 that when Netflix bought the rights to  House of Cards,  the show was costing it about $4.5 million per episode.  Orange Is the New Black,  Netflix s other top show, cost just under $4 million per episode, he said.

So while Netflix was paying a large part of the budget for these shows, and a lot more than broadcast networks pay for hour-long shows, the company will only own the content for a few years, after which it can be resold to linear cable networks with no benefit to Netflix.

See: Consumer wins as Netfix and Amazon do battle

Netflix, though, clearly has clout. It has been able to land partnerships with some real Hollywood heavy hitters. Most recently the company announced that Angelina Jolie Pitt will direct and produce a film based on the 2000 memoir  First They Killed My Father: A Daughter of Cambodia Remembers.  In June the company landed Brad Pitt and paid a reported $60 million for his latest project,  War Machine. 

Another benefit to owning its content is being able to take it to other markets.  If we produce a piece of content that is consumed around the world, certainly there are benefits to being able to distribute that globally,  said Netflix Chief Financial Officer David Wells during a July investor call.

Global expansion

An aggressive 200-country expansion plan, which Netflix has said it hopes to complete by the end of 2016, has led the company to partner with foreign studios   in some cases lending a hand in production   to bring new, and often locally exclusive, content to its new markets. With more countries on the horizon, including complex ones like China, this is an area in which Netflix will likely need to continue to grow.

Also read: Netflix stumbles upon a potentially huge audience

The company has already launched in Cuba, New Zealand and Australia, and it has formally announced plans to launch in Italy, Spain, Portugal and Japan later this year. It has talked about the potential of China and India, home to the massive Bollywood juggernaut, but has not made formal announcements. In Netflix s Italy, Spain, Portugal and Japan announcements, there was no mention of providing  House of Cards  or  Orange Is the New Black  at launch.

On its latest earnings call, Hastings said Netflix plans to roll out the equivalent of its $7.99-a-month pricing as it enters new markets. Even with more customers worldwide and exclusive ownership of its content, that price may not be enough to sustain its growth.

Pricing and revenue

Netflix s price point has left many wondering how it will make enough money to become a solidly profitable business. When HBO joined the over-the-top streaming fold, it did so at a $14.99 price point, placing a much higher premium on its movie and original content offerings than Netflix.

Of course, HBO has had 25 years to position its brand as one delivering quality content that s worth a premium. The network piled up a record 126 Emmy nominations this year, while Netflix is just beginning to make its presence felt in that sphere. But Netflix has had a strong start and received 34 Emmy nods of its own this year for  House of Cards,   Orange Is the New Black  and  Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. 

Raymond James analyst Patterson used IMDb ratings, excluding comedy specials, to discern that Netflix s 2015 originals have an average 8-out-of-10 rating. Still, HBO releases quality content with greater frequency than does Netflix.

As Netflix continues its push into the content business, it will undoubtedly want to tear a page or two out of HBO s playbook   Hastings unceasingly compares Netflix to HBO   but matching the rival s subscription price soon seems unlikely. Instead, observers have suggested a tiered system, where either more money gives subscribers access to more content, or higher video quality. Netflix has begun tinkering with streaming in Ultra HD and 4K. And then there is always the speculation about selling advertising, which persists despite the company s many denials.

 There s been no change in our position on implementing ads in the last 15 years,  Hastings told MarketWatch, which translates to:  No way. 

BTIG s Greenfield said Netflix could boost revenue by raising prices.  With users viewing, on average, more than two hours of Netflix a day, the question is how much can they ultimately charge?  he said. With HBO charging $15, he asked,  Is there any reason Netflix couldn t charge you more than they are? I don t think [there is]. And that s the opportunity. 

Netflix does offer a tiered system already, based on the number of screens available to stream. And last year the company announced a selective price bump for new members, leaving existing subscribers grandfathered in at their earlier price for at least a couple of years.

The company s Qwikster experiment back in 2011, which split its DVD-by-mail business from streaming and increased prices by 60% for those who wanted both services, caused an uproar among customers.

See also: Netflix-Qwikster move draws skeptical reaction

But Netflix is on the cusp of bringing its expanding collection of quality content to more potential subscribers all around the world, and everything it has done up to now has put the consumer at the center of the universe. Greenfield said that this is all the company is focused on   and that it is what sets Netflix apart from its media-company competitors.

 Really, Netflix is the same company; it is just shifted,  Greenfield said.  Rather than just distributing the content, Netflix is now trying to get in the business of creating its own. It is expanding, but it is still distributing media content.  
2015-09-06
Will Enterprise Partnership Between Apple Inc. and Cisco Systems Inc. Pay Off? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO) have recently joined forces to create a "fast lane" for iOS business users by optimizing Cisco-powered networks for iOS devices and apps. According to the Apple press release, the partnership will also integrate iOS devices with Cisco enterprise environments so they work together "more efficiently and reliably." How will this deal help both companies in the long run?

Apple's mobile enterprise ambitions

This isn't Apple's first move into the enterprise space. Last year, it partnered with IBM to sell iOS devices preloaded with Big Blue's cloud-based enterprise apps. That deal helped Apple gain a major mobile presence among IBM's enterprise customers, while IBM amassed more data for its cloud services.

During the second quarter of 2015, iOS devices accounted for 64% of all mobile enterprise device activations worldwide, compared to just 32% for Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android, and just 3% for Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows, according to Good Technology's Mobility Index report. Yet that was a notable decline from the first quarter, when iOS accounted for 72% of all enterprise activations, Android accounted for 26%, and Windows claimed just 1%.



That shift was caused by two factors. First, Google focused more tightly on the enterprise market with Android 5.0 Lollipop, which added new security features for business users. Second, sales of iPads declined as sales of Android and Windows tablets soared, causing a shift in BYOD (bring your own device) trends. iOS remains strong in regulated industries like the public, education, and healthcare sectors, but Android made significant gains in energy and manufacturing while overtaking iOS in the high tech industry.

That's bad news for Apple, which is counting on the enterprise market to get iPad sales back on track. Last year, CEO Tim Cook expressed hope that the iPad's enterprise market penetration would rise from 20% to 60% over the next few years.



How Cisco and Apple could help each other

That's where Cisco comes in. Cisco, one of the world's largest networking equipment and service companies, dominates the wireless infrastructure of businesses and data centers. The company leverages that dominant position to sell all-in-one bundles of hardware and software to companies, which keeps its smaller competitors at bay.

Since Apple devices will be optimized for Cisco's "fast lanes," they will run faster than Android and Windows devices on Cisco-powered networks. The integration of iOS apps on the network level would also let Apple plant its roots deeper into enterprise networks than Google. This means businesses looking to upgrade their laptops to tablets might consider buying iPads instead, while businesses with relaxed BYOD policies might favor iPhones over other devices.

In return, Cisco can promote iOS-optimized mobile and cloud collaboration tools like Cisco Spark, Cisco Telepresence, and Cisco WebEx. Apple will also support those collaboration tools by providing a "seamless experience between iPhones and desk phones." Stronger demand for those higher-margin, subscription-based software services can offset slower growth in Cisco's hardware business, which only posted 4% sales growth but accounted for 77% of its total revenues in fiscal 2015.

Growth potential, disruptions, and challengers

The entire BYOD market -- which includes various enterprise mobility and security solutions -- could grow from $72 billion in 2013 to $266 billion by 2019, according to research company Markets and Markets. That's great news for mobile leaders like Apple and Google but bad news for BlackBerry and Microsoft.

BlackBerry, which once dominated the mobile enterprise market, has since retreated into a niche of top-tier security for government agencies. With a market share of less than 1% of all smartphones worldwide, it could be wiped out by the BYOD revolution. BlackBerry has tried to bounce back with BlackBerry Enterprise Service -- which lets companies monitor BYOD devices of various operating systems -- but 40% of its revenue still came from hardware sales last quarter.



Microsoft, which still controls the majority of enterprise PCs worldwide, has a better chance of fighting back against Apple and Google. Windows Phone didn't impress enterprise users, but Windows 10, which is scalable across phones, laptops, and PCs, could be an ideal all-in-one OS for BYOD purposes.

The key takeaway

Apple's enterprise deals with IBM and Cisco might not be as exciting as its high-profile product launches, but they can help the company keep selling iPhones and iPads long after mainstream consumer interest fades. Therefore, this gradual transformation of iPhones and iPads into enterprise devices should worry Google, Microsoft, BlackBerry, or anyone else interested in expanding in the mobile enterprise market. 
2015-07-23
Google: Strike Social A No-Brainer  San Francisco-based Twitter says fraternity house-themed party 'in poor taste' The Twitter logo is shown at its corporate headquarters in San Francisco, California April 28, 2015. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith

SAN FRANCISCO Twitter Inc said on Wednesday a fraternity house-themed party thrown by its employees, which was criticized as representing a male-dominated culture in Silicon Valley, was "in poor taste."

A Twitter spokeswoman declined to provide details on the event, but a purported photo of the bash uploaded to social media showed a party replete with red plastic cups, a keg, and a beer pong table adorned with the Twitter logo.

The event comes as the microblogging company faces a proposed class action lawsuit from a former female software engineer claiming the company's promotion process unlawfully favors men.

"This social event organized by one team was in poor taste at best, and not reflective of the culture we are building here at Twitter," the spokeswoman said in a statement. "We've had discussions internally with the organizing team, and they recognize that this theme was ill-chosen."

News outlet Fusion was the first to report on the shindig early on Wednesday, saying the company's revenue team threw the party on Tuesday in San Francisco.

Fusion reported that a photo of the event, uploaded onto Twitter by a female employee, was quickly deleted. The image was tweeted again, however, by the group Global Tech Women, along with the hashtags #diversitymatters and #brogrammers.

In March, former software engineer Tina Huang sued the company saying it has no formal procedures for posting job openings or granting promotions, relying instead on a secretive "shoulder tap" process that elevates few women to top engineering positions.

Twitter said Huang resigned voluntarily and that company leadership had tried to persuade her to stay, adding that she was treated fairly.

(Reporting by Curtis Skinner in San Francisco; Editing by Dan Whitcomb and Mohammad Zargham) Wage inequality in three charts and 34 tweets from an ex-Googler Salaries may have improved for women and minorities over the last few decades, but 34 tweets from one former Google Inc. employee and three charts compiled with U.S. Department of Labor data, show workplace inequality is still rampant in the U.S.

Ex-Google GOOGL, -0.15% GOOG, -0.09% staffer Erica Baker, who was hired by the business messaging platform Slack Technologies Inc. in May to serve as a build-and-release engineer, sent out a storm of tweets on July 17 accusing Google of gender and racial discrimination.

In those tweets, Baker reveals the existence of a secret Google spreadsheet that reportedly contains the salaries of at least 5% of the Google workforce. She attests that it was held with disdain by top management, and that some higher-ups she supported as an executive technician would  pointedly not interact  with her once word got out that she was managing the spreadsheet.

U.S. labor laws prohibit corporations from penalizing employees for discussing their salaries, and Google told MarketWatch that its employees are free to discuss their salaries. While Google said it doesn t comment on individual or former employees, it said it regularly runs  analysis of compensation, promotion, and performance to ensure that they are equitable with no pay gap. 

Google would argue that the spreadsheet is not representative of the entire sample of its employees, and lacks full context in regard to performance, experience, tenure with the company and gender. But Baker said wage transparency has helped some employees negotiate fairer salaries.

The world didn't end. Everything didn't go up in flames because salaries got shared. But shit got better for some people.   EricaJoy (@EricaJoy) July 17, 2015

While technology has been among the most criticized sectors for wage inequality in recent years with activists consistently hammering down on Silicon Valley for its bro culture data show the problem is still universal across ages, fields of work and regions in the U.S.

The most recently available data from the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics show women above the age of 35 typically make less than 80% the salary of their male counterparts. Among younger workers it is a bit better, but still unequal, with women aged 16 to 34 making about 90 cents to every dollar paid to men. In 2014, the ratio of women s to men s median weekly full-time earnings averaged out to 82.5%.

U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics Women's earnings as a percentage of men's.

In fact, progress has slowed. The weekly gender wage gap narrowed by just 1.5 percentage points from 2005 to 2014, compared with 8.1 points in the 10 years prior, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. At current rates, it would take another 43 years for women s salaries to reach parity with men s, according to the Institute for Women s Policy Research.

 The wage gap has stalled, even though women have made major advances in terms of education and increased their share of professional managerial jobs.   said Ariane Hegewisch, study director of the Institute for Women s Policy Research.

Institute for Women

For minorities, like Baker, the gap is worse. While the median weekly earnings for white men was $891 in 2014, it was $734 for white women, $611 for black women and $548 for Hispanic women, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics.

 All women experience the pay gap, but all women experience it differently,  said Lisa Maatz, Vice President of Government Relations at the American Association of University Women.  It s always worse for minorities, and it is always worse for moms. 

U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics

Baker was employed by Google for eight years, rising through the ranks from an IT field technician, to an executive support technician, trial programs manager for Google TV, corporate operations engineer and, lastly, a site reliability engineer. But she claims she was also discriminated against in her final months because management blocked several $150  peer bonuses  that were intended for her due to her creation of the spreadsheet, while awarding peer bonuses to a white male colleague who was also associated with the spreadsheet.

Major tech companies, including Google, as well as Twitter Inc. TWTR, -0.83% Facebook Inc. FB, -0.14% and Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% voluntarily released diversity statistics last summer that showed workforces heavily tilted toward men 70% men in most cases. It was even more lopsided with technical jobs -- Twitter, for example, reported a technical staff comprised 90% of men. A mere 2% of Google s workforce were black.

Also See: Twitter funds frat party for employees

They each vowed to improve diversity amid mounting public pressure. Since then, Google has hosted a number of female-targeted coding events and classes, and created employee resource groups for minority demographics, such as the Black Googler Network. See all of Google efforts here. On Wednesday, Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% which is run by a female CEO, Marissa Mayer, expanded the number of women in its C-suite to four.

Yet, a lack of diversity and wage gap persist in Silicon Valley despite these efforts. In 2014, female software developers made just 83.9% the salary of their male colleagues, according to the U.S. Department of Labor. Companies like Google would argue sweeping change of this kind takes time.

 It s always worse for minorities, and it is always worse for moms.  Lisa Maatz, American Association of University Women

Stricter laws regarding pay equality, and an increase in education for women and minorities regarding worker rights such as the freedom to discuss salaries---should continue to help, said Hegewisch.  There is a lot of nervousness from managers about this,  she said.

There has also been an increase in awareness and push on both sides of the political aisle to close the gap, said Maatz.  The fact that the public has really clued into this and understands it in a really visceral way because they are experiencing it, has definitely helped,  she said.

But there are still issues to consider. The Senate, for example, has failed to pass a non-retaliation bill as part of the Paycheck Fairness Act, which has been on the table since 2013 and been passed by the House of Representatives twice, according to Maatz. There are also stigmas against certain, what Maatz refers to as  pink collar jobs,  or jobs like nurses and teachers that she insists are still viewed as  women s work  by many people.

 Right now, we still haven t closed the basics on equal pay for equal work but even if we are successful there, we still have to get to the issue that there are certain jobs deemed as  women s jobs,   she said.

Here is the full 34-tweet story from Baker: This Is the Most Important Part of Facebook, Inc.'s Strategy In the desktop and laptop era of computing, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) dominated the Internet -- and the ad spending on it. While it's largely responsible for the proliferation of mobile devices by licensing the Android OS, Google doesn't dominate the mobile Internet like it does the desktop Internet.

Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is the dominant service on mobile. Between its flagship app and Instagram, Facebook says it accounts for 20% of time spent on mobile devices. That wasn't always the case, and Facebook's initial efforts in mobile were eventually scrapped for native apps.

The willingness to admit failure and the ability to understand and recognize disruption before it takes hold are what make Mark Zuckerberg an excellent CEO. That's the most important part of Facebook's strategy.

Focusing on what's next

Facebook isn't afraid of admitting when it's wrong or losing. Management even admitted to investors during Facebook's 2013 third-quarter earnings call that it was seeing a decline in teen engagement. Investors panicked at the admission, but Facebook knew it had Instagram and a growing number of teens engaging on that platform. A couple of weeks later, Instagram introduced its first set of ads.

The point here is that Facebook isn't just focused on its existing businesses, it's focused on the big picture of how people are using the Internet. If that happens to be on Facebook, great. Instagram, great. Desktop, great. Mobile, great.

If Facebook sees a new trend emerging, its first reaction is to buy the company, try to replicate it, or both. A rapidly growing network is tough to overcome, and that's something Facebook understands inherently. It's seen it with its own product, with Instagram, WhatsApp, and even with Snapchat, which it failed to acquire. Facebook attempted to replicate all of those apps before admitting defeat and trying to acquire them.

The next 10 years

Mark Zuckerberg will occasionally review his three-year, five-year, and 10-year goals for Facebook. His 10-year goal includes developing the next computing platform. Zuckerberg recently made a big bet that this would be virtual reality. Facebook purchased Oculus for $2 billion last year to spearhead its VR development.

Oculus may end up being to Facebook what Android is to Google. It could be a means to stay relevant in the next computing platform even if its software isn't as popular on it. But by working on virtual reality now, and applications for the platform, Facebook is setting the stage to play a much bigger role if and when VR gains popularity.

That's something Google failed to do with Android. It largely followed Apple's lead in developing things like the Android Market and following it up with the more robust Google Play. As a result, its app store and media revenue still trail iTunes and the App Store.

While Google develops dozens of apps, its share of display advertising on mobile is significantly lower than its share on desktop. Google is the biggest display advertiser on desktop, but Facebook generates three times as much display ad revenue on mobile compared to Google.

Owning the platform has kept Google relevant on mobile, especially as it requires manufacturers to include many of its apps and its app store in order to take full advantage of Android. Owning the next computing platform will keep Facebook relevant even if it fails in its early efforts to develop compelling applications for it.

Of course, there's always the chance that VR won't be the next big computing platform. If that's the case, I fully expect Zuckerberg to stay true to form: admit when he's wrong, and pivot to take full advantage of the next big thing. 3 Ways Amazon Inc. Could Become An Internet of Things Superpower Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) is already the largest e-commerce site in the world by overall visitors. However, the company's ambitions extend far beyond selling physical and digital products -- it wants to expand into the growing Internet of Things market.

The Internet of Things, or IoT, connects everyday devices like home appliances, smartwatches, and cars with each other and the cloud. Networking giant Cisco estimates that the total number of connected devices worldwide will double from 25 billion this year to 50 billion by 2020. Research firm IDC estimates that annual spending on IoT devices and services will surge from $656 billion in 2014 to $1.7 trillion in 2020.

Amazon plans to tap into this booming market with "smart" devices which could boost the strength of Amazon's ecosystem.

1. Seamless (and mindless) purchases

Last April, Amazon unveiled Dash, a wand-like device which lets users scan barcodes or speak the names of products into a microphone. For example, if you're running out of milk, you can simply scan the barcode on the bottle or say "milk" to order it through an AmazonFresh, Amazon's same-day grocery delivery service. It is currently only available in Seattle, New York, and parts of California.

In March, Amazon introduced the Dash Button, a small button which can be stuck to various surfaces around the home. When pressed, it can automatically restock consumable products like Tide detergent, Glad trash bags, and Cottonelle toilet paper through Amazon. Amazon offered the Button to certain Prime members who requested an invitation. The idea is to make purchases as seamless (and mindless) as possible, thus increasing user dependence on Amazon's services at the expense of brick-and-mortar rivals like Wal-Mart.

Companies are already working with Amazon to integrate that technology directly into their household gadgets. Whirlpool is developing a washer and dryer which can directly order detergent. Brother is designing a printer which can order ink, and Brita is creating a pitcher which can order water filters automatically. If these products catch on, Amazon can link its e-commerce ecosystem directly to IoT devices.

2. Let us control your home

Last November, Amazon introduced Echo, a "smart speaker" which was constantly connected to the cloud. The $180 device is basically an "always on" version of Siri which reports the news and weather, plays music, sets alarms and timers, makes lists, or answers questions by pulling information off the Internet. Like the Dash, it can also be used to reorder products from Amazon.

The Echo is also compatible with select smart home devices from Wink, Belkin WeMo, and Philips Hue. This enables users to turn on lights, fans, space heaters, and other devices with voice commands. To prepare for rising demand for smart home devices, Amazon launched its own storefront for home automation devices in late 2013.

The Echo's role as a smart home hub threatens comparable products like Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Nest, Samsung's (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF) SmartThings Hub, and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) HomeKit platform. The smart home market is expected to grow from $33 billion in 2013 to $71 billion by 2018, and the company that can sell the more dominant hub will ultimately tether more users to its ecosystem. This isn't the first time Amazon has entered homes. Its Kindle devices, set-top box, and streaming sticks are also designed to establish a digital presence in users' homes.

3. We'll be watching you

In addition to e-commerce benefits, Amazon's IoT efforts could provide it with a goldmine of user data. That's why it recently acquired 2lemetry, which develops a platform for tracking and managing IP-enabled machines and other connected devices. The acquisition complements Amazon's 2013 introduction of Kinesis, a platform which can analyze high-volume data streams from various sources in real time.

These platforms are designed for the enterprise market, but they could be integrated into platforms like Dash and Echo as well. Dash partners like Whirlpool could gain useful analytics regarding orders from its appliances. Echo could report usage data for smart light home devices back to their manufacturers. Subscriptions to this data could boost revenue at Amazon's AWS unit, which has an estimated annual run rate of $6 billion.

That data could also help Amazon create targeted product suggestions for users on its own website, which would help it maintain its lead over Google in product searches. According to Google chairman Eric Schmidt, "more than twice" the number of product searches started on Amazon instead of Google last year.

The upcoming disruption

Amazon's expansion into IoT devices and smart homes widens its defensive moat against Google and big box retailers. By planting these ambitious roots for future growth, Amazon could change how we shop again, and even dictate how we interact with our connected homes. 
2015-05-25
Google, Inc.'s Worst Nightmare Is Coming True Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) worst nightmare is coming true: a mobile browser that blocks the ads it generates revenue from.

Eyeo GmbH, the German company that developed the popular Adblock Plus extension for major web browsers, recently released the beta version of Adblock Browser, a Firefox-based Android web browser that removes mobile ads. That's bad news for Google, since a recent survey by PageFair found that 28% of online Americans already use Eyeo's Adblock Plus extension on PCs.

Does Eyeo's new browser present a serious threat to Google, or will it fail to dent the company's massive advertising network?

What mobile ads mean to Google

To understand how Eyeo could hurt Google, we should first discuss Google's mobile strategies. Google monetizes Android, a free and open-source OS, through search revenue, mobile ads, and purchases on Google Play. Google also tracks users if they browse the web with Chrome or use ecosystem apps like YouTube, Gmail, or Drive.

However, mobile users often use companies' native apps instead of visiting their mobile sites with Chrome. This causes Google to lose potential revenue from mobile ads. In response, Google is discouraging the development of native apps by allowing mobile sites to deliver app-like push notifications through Chrome. Google could also soon launch "Buy" buttons on mobile ads to encourage shoppers to use its mobile search engine for product searches.

The business of holding ads hostage

The use of Adblock Plus on PCs cost Google $887 million in potential ad revenue in 2012, according to research firm PageFair. That was equivalent to just 2% of Google's total ad revenue that year, but it was enough to convince Google to pay Eyeo to "whitelist" less intrusive ads.

The terms of that deal were never disclosed, but The Financial Times claims that Google, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Amazon, and others agreed to pay Eyeo 30% of the ad revenue that they would have made if the ads were unblocked. Therefore, Google might have paid Eyeo about $226 million in 2012.

It's not Eyeo's first attempt to conquer Android

This isn't Eyeo's first attempt to block ads on Android devices. The company previously launched an Adblock Plus app for Android, but it works best on "jailbroken" devices with root access. If the device isn't rooted, the app needs to be manually configured as a proxy server for all web traffic. Google also booted the app from the Google Play Store in 2013, so the app must be downloaded and installed manually.

The new Adblock Plus browser will reportedly work on both rooted and non-rooted devices, which could help it reach a wider range of mainstream customers. However, it's still unlikely that Google will let Eyeo offer the browser on Google Play.

In its press release, Eyeo highlights several of its new browser's key strengths. The company notes that loading mobile ads can consume up to 23% of a device's battery, increase data costs, and cause pages to load more slowly. It also states that malware often "hides behind ads, even on trusted networks," and blocking ads keeps mobile devices safe.

Should Google start worrying?

If Eyeo's browser gains ground against Chrome, which accounts for nearly a third of the mobile web browsing market, Google's mobile ads could start losing value and it will lose the ability to consistently track user behavior with ads across mobile devices. Google wouldn't be the only casualty -- advertising rivals like Yahoo! and Microsoft would also be adversely affected.

If Eyeo gains the support of companies that want to boot Google's ecosystem from Android -- like Samsung, Cyanogen, and members of the Android Open Source Project -- that problem could get a lot worse.

Meanwhile, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) would be well-protected from Eyeo's browser for a simple reason: its ad network is mainly contained within its own app and third-party ones via the Audience Network. Adblock Plus blocks Facebook ads on desktops, but a whopping 73% of Facebook's ad revenue came from mobile devices last quarter.

The key takeaway

If Eyeo's new web browser becomes as popular as its browser extensions, Google might have to pay even more money to keep some of its ads whitelisted.

But that doesn't solve the fundamental problem with Google's business model -- people are getting sick and tired of traditional ads, and they're getting smart enough to block them. If this trend continues, Google's mobile ads will lose value as marketers look for new ways -- like business pages on Facebook or Promoted Tweets on Twitter -- to promote their businesses.

 
2015-11-28
6 Tech Stocks With Yields Up to 7.3%  Tracking Ruane, Cunniff & Goldfarb's Portfolio - Q3 2015 Update  
2015-12-07
Alphabet Inc Just Found a Way to Hurt the Apple Inc. Watch  Google Ventures Dials Down Seed Deals, Urges Mature Startups to Go Public Google Ventures has reduced its involvement in seed-stage startups, said Bill Maris, president and chief executive of the venture firm that draws capital from Alphabet Inc., and has about $2.4 billion under management.

 We moved away from seed-stage investing,  Mr. Maris said.  I think there s less opportunity here,  Mr. Maris said. He added that this part of the venture market is overheated.

Even as Google Ventures shifts its attention to more mature companies, Mr. Maris said that he noticed a problematic reluctance to go public at this stage.

 The IPO market has been, at least for us, relatively quiet,  Mr. Maris said. Overall,  it s been a very choppy exit market this year.  
2015-05-08
Alibaba has a new CEO, but it's still Jack's house Alibaba founder and chairman Jack Ma poses for the media while touring the CeBIT trade fair in Hanover March 16, 2015. REUTERS/Fabian Bimmer

SHANGHAI When Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's eccentric founder Jack Ma stepped down as CEO two years ago, he declared "the Internet belongs to young people," and promised that most of the company's leaders born in the 1960s would soon retreat from management.

On Thursday, that transition at the e-commerce behemoth appeared complete as Ma trumpeted the appointment of a fresh chief executive, Daniel Zhang, born in 1972, as part of a broader reshuffle.

Yet as the eight-year Alibaba veteran and current chief operating officer moves into the corner office, the firm remains as much Jack Ma's company as it was when it was founded in his apartment 16 years ago.

Ma exerts an outsize influence on the company, holding the title of executive chairman and controlling a 6.26 percent stake as of end-2014, worth about $13.4 billion ( 8.6 billion) at Thursday's closing price of $86 a share.

"No matter who the CEO is, Jack Ma still has ultimate control of the company," said Henry Guo, an analyst at Summit Research.

If Ma is the visionary, Zhang's job will be to deliver results quickly, especially as mobile commerce explodes. The company reported on Thursday that mobile transaction value in the March quarter accounted for more than 50 percent of the total for the first time.

For his part, Zhang brings a strong reputation to the job.

He was a "key architect", the company said, of the hugely successful "Double 11" shopping festival - also known as Singles Day, the Nov. 11 event that has overtaken Black Friday in the United States as the world's largest online shopping event - and he helped get the Amazon-like Tmall platform off the ground.

"The business has to change because the market is changing. They need someone to really lead the company to adapt themselves to this environment," said Tian Hou, of T.H. Capital Research in Beijing.

SHARE PRICE SLUMP

In a letter to staff on Thursday, Ma praised outgoing CEO Jonathan Lu, who will become a vice chairman and focus on developing talent. "Over these two years, Jonathan has had to face immense pressure and he embraced it with tremendous courage and sacrifice. It was in these two years that Alibaba's business grew by leaps and bounds," Ma wrote.

But Lu, who was born in 1969, also presided over a slump of more than 30 percent in Alibaba's share price from its all-time high in mid-November that carved more than $70 billion off the stock's value.

The company was also blindsided by Chinese regulators in January over intellectual property piracy and illegal business on Alibaba platforms. Ma quickly smoothed things over.

A company spokeswoman said speculation that Lu might have been removed for underperforming was wrong, adding that the transition had been planned since 2012.

Zhang will take over on Sunday - exactly two years after Lu took the helm. However he fares, the public face of Alibaba will be Ma's.

"Investors, the Chinese government, CEOs and foreign heads of state courting Alibaba all beat a path to Jack's door because of the weight he, as a founder, plays in the company internally and how it is perceived, rightly or wrongly," said Duncan Clark, chairman and managing director at BDA China.

"In Jack's shadow it's hard to shine."

(Additional reporting by Nandita Bose in CHICAGO; Editing by Matthew Miller and Ian Geoghegan) 
2015-02-08
Beyond the breach - cyber attacks force a defence strategy re-think A lock icon, signifying an encrypted Internet connection, is seen on an Internet Explorer browser in a photo illustration in Paris in this April 15, 2014 file photo. REUTERS/Mal Langsdon/Files

SINGAPORE A barrage of damaging cyber attacks is shaking up the security industry, with some businesses and organisations no longer assuming they can keep hackers at bay, and instead turning to waging a guerrilla war from within their networks.

U.S. insurer Anthem Inc last week said hackers may have made off with some 80 million personal health records. Also, Amy Pascal said she would step down as co-chairman of Sony Pictures Entertainment, two months after hackers raided the company's computers and released torrents of damaging emails and employee data.

Such breaches, say people in the industry, offer a chance for younger, nimbler companies trying to sell customers new techniques to protect data and outwit attackers. These range from disguising valuable data, diverting attackers up blind alleys, and figuring out how to mitigate breaches once the data has already gone.

"Suddenly, the music has completely changed," said Udi Mokady, founder of U.S.-based CyberArk. "It's not just Sony, it's a culmination of things that has turned our industry around."

Worldwide spending on IT security was about $70 billion (46 billion pounds) last year, estimates Gartner. ABI Research reckons cyber security spending on critical infrastructure alone, such as banks, energy and defence, will reach $109 billion by 2020.

Several things are transforming the landscape. Corporations have been forced to allow employees to use their own mobile phones and tablets for work, and let them access web-based services like Facebook and Gmail from office computers. All this offers attackers extra opportunities to gain access to their networks.

And the attackers and their methods have changed.

Cyber criminals and spies are being overshadowed by politically or religiously motivated activists, says Bryan Sartin, who leads a team of researchers and investigators at Verizon Enterprise Solutions, part of Verizon Communications. "They want to hurt the victim, and they have hundreds of ways of doing it," he said in a phone interview.

CLOSING THE DOOR

The result: companies can no longer count on defending themselves with decades-old tools like firewalls to block traffic and anti-virus software to catch malware, and then assume all traffic that does make it within the network is legitimate.

Research by IT security company FireEye last month, for example, found that "attackers are bypassing conventional security deployments almost at will." Across industries from legal to healthcare it found nearly all systems had been breached.

"Once an attacker has made it past those defences they're in the gooey centre, and getting around is relatively simple," said Ryan Wager, director of product management at vArmour.

Attackers can lurk inside a network for half a year before being detected. "That's like having a bad guy inside your house for six months before you know about it," says Aamir Lakhani, security strategist at Fortinet Inc, a network security company.

Security start-ups have developed different approaches based on the assumption that hackers are already, or soon will be, inside the network.

Canada-based Camouflage, for example, replaces confidential data in files that don't need it, like training databases, with fictitious but usable data. This makes attackers think they have stolen something worthwhile. U.S.-based TrapX Security creates traps of 'fake computers' loaded with fake data to redirect and neutralise attacks.

California-based vArmour tries to secure data centres by monitoring and protecting individual parts of the network. In the Target Corp breach during the 2013 holiday shopping season, for example, attackers were able to penetrate 97 different parts of the company's network by moving sideways through the organisation, according to vArmour s Wager.

"You need to make sure that when you close the door, the criminal is actually on the other side of the door," he said.

'THREAT INTELLIGENCE'

Funding these start-ups are U.S- and Europe-based venture capital firms which sense another industry ripe for disruption.

Google Ventures and others invested $22 million in ThreatStream in December, while Bessemer Venture Partners last month invested $30 million in iSIGHT Partners. Both companies focus on so-called 'threat intelligence' - trying to understand what attackers are doing, or plan to do.

Clients are starting to listen.

Veradocs' CEO and co-founder Ajay Arora says that while his product is not officially live, his firm is already working with companies ranging from hedge funds to media entertainment groups to encrypt key documents and data.

UK-based Darktrace, which uses maths and machine learning to spot abnormalities in a network that might be an attack, has a customer base that includes Virgin Trains, Norwegian shipping insurer DNK and several telecoms companies.

But it's slow going. Despite being open for business since 2013, it's only been in the past six months that interest has really picked up, says Darktrace's director of technology Dave Palmer.

"The idea that indiscriminate hacking would target all organisations is only starting to get into the consciousness."

(Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Google Acquires Odysee, An App For Private Photo/Video Backup And Sharing ... Google may be soon adding more offline and private sharing features to its Google+ Photos service. It has acquired Odysee, an iOS and Android app that let users automatically back up photos and videos taken on their cameras or tablets to their home computers. It also let users set up private, automatic sharing with other people, and it had an API for integrating the service with other apps (read our longer article about it here). The app will be shut down effective February 23, with the team behind it joining Google+ to  continue to focus on building amazing products that people love. 

The acquisition was announced via a note on Odysee s home page, as well as through a notification being sent out to app users. In it, the startup thanks users and also notes the details of the shut-down process. Essentially, after Odysee ceases backup operations on February 23, all photos and videos already passed through the service will be available as a downloadable archive. We re embedding the full note below.

Furthermore, we ve found that Odysee the app is no longer available in Apple s App Store and in Google Play; and it looks like the account for its maker, Nimbuz Inc., has also been pulled.

We have contacted Odysee, Nimbuz Inc. and Google to see if we can get any more details about the acquisition and the decision to sell rather than remain a standalone service. It s unclear how many users Odysee had attracted in its lifetime, or whether it had managed to attracted more investors beyond the $760k it had raised in seed money. Previous investors included Ed Han, a repeat entrepreneur, including as founder of Tiny Prints (acquired by Shutterstock) and Alex Shubat, the CEO of food tech company Goji Food Solutions, among other things.

For now you can see where the acquisition makes a lot of sense for Google.

There have been rumors swirling that Google might launch Photos as a standalone service, independent of Google+. Adding in options to save photos offline, and more features to better control how you share pictures, are logical additions that would give Google Photos service a more rounded offering, and help differentiate it more from other competing photo services. Others in the crowded space of online photo services include Facebook/Instagram, Yahoo s Flickr, Dropbox and many more.

And even as a part of Google+, considering how wary some people are these days of giving over more data to Google s cloud   or any other cloud-based service like Dropbox or iCloud, for that matter   it makes sense to enhance Photos with offline features for that reason, too.

Odysee, which let people log in with Facebook or by creating an account, was an app created by Nimbuz, co-founded by Raghavan Menon and Shiva Javalagi. As Sarah wrote in a profile of the app last year, both founders have a background in networking, algorithms, caching and embedded software. Menon previously co-founded chip designer Ingot Systems, which was acquired by Virage Logic (and later acquired by Synopsys).

One of the interesting things about Odysee    especially designed for people who take a lot of videos and would like the option of saving them at their full quality    was that it shifted the storage option to your own computer rather than any public cloud. At the same time it had developed a caching feature that let users access those pictures even if the computer was offline or working on a slow Internet connection.

 Odysee keeps copies of recently accessed photos and videos online at high quality. Odysee keeps copies of photos and videos that are unlikely to be accessed (it predicts what is likely to be accessed) online at lower quality similar to that on Instagram or Facebook,  the company noted in its FAQ.  You always have a version of everything online. 

Another feature that set it apart from other photo services was the apps s approach to sharing with others. It had its own  follower and following network  that was based around the idea of adding a small group of close family and friends who would also be on the app, with the option of sharing more pictures to  non-Odysee users  by way of URL links rather than embeds.

Like other many other apps, Odysee was built around a freemium model: free for the first year, and then $5/year thereafter. The founders had at one point estimated that they could keep the business sustainable if they reached 3 million users.

Update: Google confirmed the acquisition but nothing more.  I can confirm the news and that they re joining the Google+ team. We aren t sharing more beyond that at this point,  a spokesperson wrote in an email.

A video of the service is below, and the farewell letter is underneath that: Will Facebook And Twitter Take Over Google's Ad Business? Facebook (NASDAQ: FB) and Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) are rising stars on Wall Street, but are they really capable of taking the ad revenue that Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) once dominated?

"They definitely have the potential, right?" Niles Lawrence, president of stock analysis site Vuru, told Benzinga. "The way that social sharing happens, and the focus that they have of just social, is really interesting."

Lawrence said that Facebook's high user base -- there were 1.39 billion monthly active users as of December 31, 2014 -- gives the company a significant advantage.

"Even converting 1 percent of that could be a huge play on any kind of revenue they decide to generate, even if they get into things like banking," said Lawrence. "They have this whole leverage of users to take into that space. The potential is really endless, whereas a lot of times with Google you don't necessarily have a user base around Google."

Gmail, YouTube and other Google services have users, but no one needs to sign up before using Google.com.

"Twitter and Facebook have users on the platform itself," said Lawrence. "Google might be the place they go to for search, but they're not necessarily registering for Google search, whereas you have to register to use Facebook, Twitter.

"So, [Facebook] is consistently seeing growth in their user base, which is not the same kind of growth you see with Google."

Related Link: Google Search Is Twitter's Plan To Monetize 500 Million Logged Out Users

'Huge Potential'

Despite the threat of social media, Lawrence said Google has "huge potential."

"Anything Google wants to do they can do," he said. "It's really cool to see that. Android is the most-used operating system because there are so many companies using Android. I think Google is a great stock."

Lawrence also noted that Google is a verb.

"The power of a company like that creates a really strong pricing power with anything they do," he said.

"It creates this economic moat around them -- this competitive advantage -- it really sets them apart from other companies. Their biggest industry is still search...Even though most of their money comes from ads and such, the market for search itself is so big for Google it's hard to compete right now."

Vuru is one of many firms competing in the Benzinga Fintech Awards.

For more information on the startup, don't miss Lawrence's exclusive video interview with Benzinga President Kyle Bazzy:

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Image credit: Mutante, Wikimedia

Posted-In: Facebook Google Niles Lawrence twitter VuruExclusives Tech Interview Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-05-17
4 Smart Ways for Google Inc. to Spend All That Cash With $65.4 billion in cash and equivalents sitting on Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) balance sheet, it raises the question of how best to utilize all of that ready money.

Some of Google's biggest rivals, including Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), have used their sizable cash positions to reinstitute dividends. Others have used cash to reinvest in their business by spending it on research and development or paying down debt, for example.

So what should Google do with its ever-expanding cash hoard? We asked four of our Foolish contributors to consider that very question.

Brian Stoffel (Buy Twitter): As it sits right now, Google is the king of search and -- along with Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) -- has the type of data on user behavior advertisers salivate over. The Big G, however, hasn't had nearly as much luck when it comes to social media. Google+ has been a lukewarm experiment at best.

Google is well aware of the fact that a transition to mobile advertising could mean big bucks for the biggest winners. While the company's core search business will no doubt benefit, mobile search is being encroached upon by individual apps that get the same job done.

Google and Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) have announced a number of collaborations over the past year, and with Twitter stumbling lately -- its stock is down 45% from 2014 highs -- Google has the familiarity and incentive to pull the deal off. No one knows how to monetize big data better than Google, and Twitter is not shy about amassing as much user information as it can.

With a modest 20% premium, Google could acquire Twitter for about $29 billion -- or less than half the cash it is sitting on right now.

Tim Brugger (Dividends): Google's bulging balance sheet is not the most compelling reason it should (finally) succumb to paying a dividend to its shareholders. Yes, Google management makes it abundantly clear most every quarterly conference call that it isn't interested in paying a dividend now or in the near future. But that doesn't mean it shouldn't.

In addition to padding its balance sheet by over $6 billion in Q1 of this year, another key factor in determining an "appropriate" time to give back to shareholders is free cash flow (FCF) -- and Google is swimming in it. Last quarter, Google increased FCF year over year by 80% to a whopping $3.69 billion, and net cash from operating activities also jumped by 50% to $6.62 billion. Not only does Google's balance sheet support a payout today, but its operations virtually ensure it would continue to grow its cash position -- dividend or no dividend.

Why a dividend? It would have an immediate, positive impact for shareholders in two ways. The most obvious is the immediate income stream for shareholders. Also, instituting a dividend would almost certainly boost Google's share price, just like what happened to Apple when it last took the lid off of its cash barrel.

Google would instantly become one of the more compelling growth and income alternatives around. Naysayers might suggest a dividend would impact investing in its business or the ability to acquire assets. However, Google is so cash-rich -- and getting richer by the day, as evidenced by its FCF -- it could easily pay a dividend and still accomplish all of its other objectives.

Anders Bylund (Stay the course): I know, I know. I'm supposed to come up with some dramatic change in Google's cash management processes, turning the company upside down in search of a better strategy.

But I won't. I can't.

As a longtime Google shareholder, I'm actually very happy with how the company manages its cash budgets.

Google is a radical inventor, pumping tons of cash into its research and development budgets. Compare and contrast Google's R&D policy to other tech giants known for their big innovation muscles, such as Apple and Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO):

Google's R&D budgets are rising fast, both in absolute and relative terms. Meanwhile, Apple and Cisco only keep their research efforts fairly steady, compared to their incoming sales. I know which tech horse I'm betting on for the long term.

For a company always on the bleeding edge of high technology, that's the only reasonable way to stay relevant for decades to come. I love Google's approach and can't really ask for anything more.

The minute Google takes its foot off the innovation pedal, I'm rethinking my investment in the company. I don't want a dividend, no buybacks (beyond reducing the dilutive effects of stock-based compensation policies), and am not holding my breath for the next game-changing buyout. Google's own research labs provide plenty of value already, and I only want more of that.

The best I can offer is one little tweak. If that spare cash is starting to itch in Google's pockets, the company would be welcome to step up its R&D budgets even further. If the cash is locked up abroad, start another development center somewhere like Hong Kong, Montevideo, or Stockholm. That'd be one good way to eat into excess cash reserves -- and accelerate an already very dynamic race toward the distant horizon.

Bob Ciura (Share buybacks): A smart way for Google to utilize its cash hoard for the benefit of its shareholders would be to buy back stock. Normally, my first response to this question would be to suggest a dividend. But Google management has signaled little to no intent of paying a dividend any time soon. As a result, I'd say share buybacks are the next best way to return cash to shareholders.



Google's $65 billion cash pile -- up from $59 billion -- equals approximately 18% of its market capitalization. That equates to about $94 per share. Google could easily utilize half of its cash to buy back as many as 61 million shares. That would reduce Google's diluted share count by about 8% and significantly boost Google's per-share earnings.

Some might balk at this idea, because Google, like other technology giants, holds a lot of its cash overseas. Google would have to pay a hefty repatriation tax in order to bring this cash home. But it could easily leverage its fantastic balance sheet to raise debt in order to finance its buyback. This is a common strategy that other tech companies -- including Microsoft -- have recently implemented, because interest rates are so low that raising debt is not very costly.

Google's track record creating value through mergers and acquisitions is spotty at best. Google's acquisition of Motorola Mobility in 2011 for $12.5 billion and subsequent sale this year to Lenovo Group for $2.9 billion is one example. Poor decisions like these destroy shareholder value. With a dividend payout effectively off the table and a less-than-stellar M&A history, the next best (and most realistic) option for Google is to buy back stock. 
2015-01-23
Euro hits fresh 11-year lows versus dollar following ECB move Euro and U.S. dollar banknotes are seen in this picture illustration taken in Prague January 23, 2013. REUTERS/David W Cerny

NEW YORK The euro fell to fresh 11-year lows against the dollar on Friday following the European Central Bank's announcement on Thursday that it would pump a trillion euros into the euro zone economy to revive sagging growth and ward off deflation.

The euro lost over 2 percent against the greenback EUR= and fell below $1.12 to $1.1115 for the first time since September 2003 after the ECB unveiled a bond-buying program. The euro also hit a 16-month trough against the yen EURJPY= at 130.91 yen on Friday.

After a similar tumble on Thursday, the euro was down over 7 percent since the start of the year and was on track for its biggest monthly fall since the depths of the financial crisis in early 2009. The euro fell over 3 percent against the dollar this week.

"What the ECB is trying to do is enough to drive the euro below parity by the end of this year," said Shaun Osborne, chief foreign exchange strategist at TD Securities in Toronto. He said the euro could hit 96 cents by the end of 2015.

The euro is set for another trial as global markets await snap Greek elections on Sunday. A win for the leftist Syriza party could trigger a standoff with Greece's EU/IMF lenders. Analysts said the uncertainty added to the euro's weakness.

The euro also set a fresh seven-year low versus sterling of 74.295 pence EURGBP=D3.

The dollar appeared to be headed higher given the Federal Reserve's path toward tighter monetary policy in contrast with the looser policies of other developed market central banks such as the ECB and the Bank of Japan, analysts said.

"The name of the game is that the dollar will continue to appreciate against currencies of central banks that are easing,  said Mark McCormick, currency strategist at Credit Agricole in New York.

The dollar index .DXY, which measures the greenback against a basket of six other major currencies, hit fresh more than 11-year highs and was last up 0.96 percent at 94.980.

The dollar was last down 0.6 percent against the safe-haven yen JPY=EBS at 117.78 yen, with analysts citing weakness in U.S. stocks and lingering disappointment that the Bank of Japan held off from expanding its bond-buying program.

U.S. stocks fell on Friday, pressured by underwhelming corporate news. The benchmark S&P 500 .SPX stock index closed down 0.55 percent.

(Reporting by Sam Forgione; Additional reporting by Jemima Kelly in London; Editing by James Dalgleish) In China, VPN internet access tools suffer further disruptions BEIJING Internet services that allow people to freely access blocked websites and apps from within China have seen more severe disruptions this week, said three providers, moves that Chinese state media said were justified.

The services affected include popular Virtual Private Network (VPN) providers Astrill, StrongVPN and Golden Frog, which are engaged in a technological arms race to one-up China's highly sophisticated Great Firewall internet censorship system.

"This week's attack on VPNs that affected us and other VPN providers is more sophisticated than what we've seen in the past," said Sunday Yokubaitis, president of Golden Frog.

Chinese internet analysts said internet services should observe the network governance of the country "for safety," according to the Global Times, an influential tabloid published by the ruling Communist Party's official People's Daily newspaper.

A cyber security expert at a government-backed Chinese think-tank told the Global Times that China's Great Firewall "has been upgraded for cyberspace sovereignty", in a rare acknowledgement in state-run media of the country's efforts to block technical workarounds to the firewall.

Attacks and blocks on foreign internet services have become increasingly common in China. Censors maintain a tight grip on what can and cannot be published online to eliminate anything seen as a threat to the ruling Communist Party.

VPNs allow individuals and companies to access websites and services that are normally blocked in China, including those operated by Google Inc, Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc.

Almost all foreign and many domestic companies in China use VPNs to conduct business relatively unimpeded by disruptions to web services. The services that have seen disruptions recently are widely used by individuals, largely affecting mobile devices.

A notice from Astrill this week said that certain VPN protocols are "blocked in almost real-time" in China.

StrongVPN said on its blog that some of its servers were not working for users in China. Golden Frog, which operates the service VyprVPN, also reported heightened disruptions in recent past days.

Hua Chunying, a spokeswoman for China's Foreign Ministry, said she had not seen reports related to the VPN disruptions and was not aware of the specifics.

(Reporting by Paul Carsten, Megha Rajagopalan and Sui-Lee Wee; Editing by Nick Macfie) 
2015-02-16
Israel economy surges 7.2 percent in fourth-quarter, fastest pace since 2007 JERUSALEM Israel's economy is poised to rebound further in 2015 from the effects of last summer's Gaza war after a strong recovery in the final three months of 2014 led to the fastest quarterly growth in nearly eight years.

The fourth quarter of 2014 saw gross domestic product grow an annualized 7.2 percent expansion, a rebound similar to late 2006 and early 2007, when war in Lebanon was followed by a surge in growth.

Fourth-quarter GDP had been forecast to grow an annualized 3.3 percent, according to a Reuters poll.

The Gaza war in July and August held back third-quarter growth as factory output slowed, consumers stayed home and tourists canceled in droves. The economy expanded just 0.6 percent, versus an earlier estimate of 0.4 percent and an initial reading of a 0.4 percent contraction.

A more accurate picture of the economy, analysts believe, would come from comparing the annualized 2.6 percent growth in the second half with the 2.7 percent growth in the first half.

"It's still impressive to keep the same level of growth in a country where for more than a month people were in shelters," Daphna Aviram-Nitzan, the head of economic research at the Manufacturers' Association, said on Monday.

Part of the rebound in the final three months of 2014 also stemmed from a sharp depreciation in the shekel versus the dollar, That boosted industrial exports -- mainly high-tech ones that benefited from a recovery in U.S. growth.

"The growth rate in industry as a whole and industrial exports will be much better this year than last year," Aviram-Nitzan said.

The fourth-quarter economy was also boosted by heavy government spending, mainly on defense, and a change in a tax regime that fueled a car-buying spree before the end of the year.

Growth is forecast at 3.2 percent this year, up from a revised 2.9 percent rate in 2014.

"An 7.2 percent increase in the fourth quarter does not represent the state of the economy," said Alex Zabezhinsky, chief economist at brokerage Meitav Dash. "But the economy is certainly not in a slowdown or recession and is growing at quite a high rate of 3 percent -- a pace that could be the envy of many countries."

Policymakers cited an apparent spurt in fourth-quarter growth when they left short-term interest rates unchanged for a fifth straight month in late January. That pointed to a "relatively good" state of the economy, they said, although they agreed the rebound was partly of correction after the war.

The next rate decision is due on Feb. 23.

Exports, which account for some 40 percent of economic activity, rose 7.3 percent in the fourth quarter, according to the Central Bureau of Statistics. Private spending, another driver, grew 6.8 percent. Investment in fixed assets gained 8.7 percent, after declines the previous three quarters.

Government spending jumped 12.2 percent. The business sector GDP grew 8.8 percent in the fourth quarter.

(Editing by Tova Cohen, Larry King) France says Cisco to invest 100 million euros in French startups PARIS U.S. network equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. plans to invest $100 million in French start-ups, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls' office said on Monday.

The investment is part of a partnership between the company and the French state that aims to develop better networks, improve cybersecurity, provide training 200,000 people over three years and finance academic research.

"Lastly, work to assist digital innovation will be undertaken thanks to a $100 million investment from Cisco in French startups," said a statement from Valls' office after he met with the company's CEO, John Chambers.

(Reporting by Leigh Thomas. Editing by Alexandria Sage) Lixil to raise $1 bln via convertible bonds to pay back Grohe debt TOKYO Feb 16 Japanese building products maker Lixil Group Corp said it is seeking to raise 120 billion yen ($1 billion) with a convertible bond issue to pay back debt it is taking on with its acquisition of German bathroom fittings company Grohe.

Lixil added that it plans to use 20 billion yen of the funds raised on buying back its own shares.

Under Chief Executive Yoshiaki Fujimori, a former General Electric executive, the company, together with the state-backed Development Bank of Japan, bought Grohe for $4 billion including debt last year. Lixil now plans to raise its stake in Grohe to 56 percent from 43.75 percent in April.

Lixil also acquired toilet maker American Standard for $542 million in 2013.

Grohe's non-recourse loans stood at 1.09 billion euros ($1.2 billion), Lixil said in a statement.

($1 = 118.5400 yen) ($1 = 0.8761 euros) (Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) Could New FAA Regulations Crush GoPro Inc.'s Drone Dreams? Last November, The Wall Street Journal claimed that action camera maker GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO) would launch consumer drones in 2015 to diversify its top line away from action cameras.

Meanwhile, the FAA has been developing new regulations to govern the use of consumer and commercial drones. For now, the FAA has proposed some broad rules, stating that drones should fly below 500 feet at all times, remain within sight of the operator, and only be flown during the day. But the FAA also proposed that only people who passed an aeronautics test and were vetted by the TSA should be allowed to fly drones, which could cripple their mainstream appeal.

The public has started worrying about drones as well. A recent survey from the Pew Research Center also found that 63% of Americans believed it "would be a change for the worse" if personal and commercial drones were allowed to fly through U.S. airspace. A new company, NoFlyZone, even addresses those concerns by creating a database of coordinates where drones aren't allowed to fly.

Let's take a look at how these negative developments might impact GoPro's dream of launching consumer drones in the near future.

Why GoPro wants to launch drones

GoPro's action camera business has one critical weakness -- its lack of competitive barriers against cheaper competitors. Over the past year, rivals like Polaroid, Sony (NYSE:SNE), and HTC (NASDAQOTH:HTCCY) all launched action cameras with comparable specs as GoPro's HERO devices at lower prices.

Demand for GoPro's cameras certainly hasn't slowed down yet -- the company's revenue soared 41% year-over-year in 2014 to $1.4 billion. However, GoPro still launched its low-end GoPro HERO for $129 last September, indicating that it was clearly concerned about the rise of comparable "GoPro knockoffs."

Meanwhile, demand for consumer drones rose after French company Parrot launched its $300 AR Drone quadcopters back in 2010. China's DJI Innovations launched its popular $1,000 Phantom quadcopters in 2013, which generated sales of $130 million within the first year. Both Parrot and DJI Innovations' drones are equipped with onboard cameras for aerial photography. Many other drones are sold with GoPro-compatible mounts.

Research firm Teal Group forecasts that annual spending on drones will nearly double from $6.4 billion to $11.5 billion over the next decade, with civil (consumer/commercial) drones eventually accounting for about 14% of that market. Therefore, selling drones could be a practical way to reduce GoPro's dependence on action cameras.

What's GoPro waiting for?

Aerial photography enthusiasts already have plenty of impressive drones to look forward to. HEXO+, which can be pre-ordered for $1,149, can follow and film a user autonomously using a mounted GoPro. Nixie, a smaller wearable device, flies off the wrist and trails the user with a tiny camera. Another device, AirDroids' Pocket Drone, is a drone which can be folded into the size of a 7" tablet and mounted with a GoPro.

Although it makes sense for GoPro to crash this party with its own first-party drone, it seems to be waiting to see if these aerial photography drones can actually gain mainstream appeal.

Even if GoPro generated as much drone revenue as market leader DJI did in 2013, it would equal a mere 9% of its 2014 sales. However, demand is still soaring. Parrot reported that its drone sales rose 97% year to around  83 million ($95 million) in 2014, accounting for 34% of its top line.

Why GoPro shouldn't worry about the FAA

GoPro shouldn't launch a consumer drone before it's ready, but it should still strike while the market's hot. With so many companies launching GoPro-compatible drones, the market looks eager to embrace a first party GoPro drone.

FAA regulations might eventually set up soft roadblocks for drone enthusiasts, but GoPro investors needn't worry. They should recall that the FAA has been developing those rules since 2008 -- so drone regulations might remain a grey area for years to come. GoPro, DJI, Parrot, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), and other companies also teamed up last year to lobby for fair and practical drone regulations, which could help eliminate major hurdles like aeronautics tests.

Therefore, investors should keep an eye out for positive developments regarding GoPro's drones throughout the year, since they might eventually evolve into a new pillar of revenue growth for the company. 
2015-07-07
3 Reasons Why I Own Google Inc Stock Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is one of the biggest positions in my portfolio. The stock is up by more than 130% over the last five years, so performance has been quite strong over the long term. On the other hand, Google is down by 7% in the last 12 months, substantially lagging the Nasdaq index and its gain of 12% over the same period.

This short-term underperformance is no big reason for concern, since I make my investment decisions with a long-term focus. Still, this may be a good time to revisit my investment thesis on Google, so here are the three main reasons why I believe Google is a strong candidate to hold over years to come.

1. Unquestionable quality

Google is one of the most valuable brands in the world -- the name is so powerful that many consumers use the term "Googling" for information as a synonym for online search. Only the most dominant brands on the planet enjoy this kind of presence, and Google has a gargantuan market share of more than 90% in the global search market according to data from StatCounter.

In addition, Google owns many of the most popular platforms, services, and applications around. According to management, there are more than 1 billion people on Android devices around the planet, and the company paid more than $7 billion to Android developers over the last 12 months. YouTube is the most popular video service on all screens, with hundreds of millions of hours watched on the platform on a daily basis. Besides, applications such as Gmail, Chrome, and Maps are among the most popular and ubiquitous, both in desktop and mobile.

The numbers look quite solid too: Constant-currency revenues grew 17% during the last quarter, and the business generates a big operating margin in the neighborhood of 26% of sales. Google has a pristine balance sheet with more cash and liquid investments than debt, so financial soundness is unquestionable.

2. Growth potential

According to estimates from PricewaterhouseCoopers, the U.S. online advertising industry produced $49.45 billion in revenue during 2014, and this figure is expected to grow to $83.89 billion by 2019. On a worldwide basis, digital ad spending is expected to increase from $145 billion in 2014 to a massive $253 billion by 2018. Even if Google will face increased competitive pressure from smaller players in online advertising, the company will most likely remain one of the main beneficiaries from a booming online advertising industry over the years ahead.



Also, the company is investing in many aggressively innovative technologies such as self-driving cars, outer space exploration, alternative energy sources, and breakthrough medical advancements, among several others. Chances are many of these projects will have little or no economic value, but some of them could offer amazing possibilities over the years.

The good news is that these initiatives are already reflected on the company's cost structure, and Google is still a remarkably profitable business in spite of the fact that these "moon shot" projects are producing practically no revenue at all. The way I see it, when being considered as a diversified group of futuristic technologies, these projects offer far more upside potential than downside risk for investors in Google.

3. Attractive valuation

Even the best companies can be bad investments if the price is too high. However, that's hardly the case when it comes to Google, as the online search giant trades at a conveniently attractive valuation.

Google carries a forward P/E ratio of 16 times earnings forecasts for 2016, roughly in line with the average company in the S&P 500 index. But Google can easily justify an above average valuation based on its rock-solid leadership in online advertising, profitable business model, and exciting growth prospects.

No company is immune to competitive risks, and Google operates in a very dynamic environment. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is making big inroads in online advertising, as the social network has exponentially increased revenues from less than $2 billion in 2010 to $12.5 billion in 2014. Facebook announced an explosive increase of 49% in constant currency sales during the last quarter, so growth is not slowing down at all.



Chances are Facebook and other relatively younger companies will keep outgrowing Google over the middle term, although from a much smaller revenue base. The main point is that competitive risk seems to be already accounted for in Google's current valuation. At these prices Google stock is offering a pretty attractive combination of potential return versus downside risk. Euro sinks to five-week low vs. dollar; commodity currencies slump A woman holds a 20 and 50 Euro bank notes in front of an ATM in this illustration picture taken in Bern January 16, 2015. REUTERS/Thomas Hodel

NEW YORK The euro dropped to a five-week low against a buoyant U.S. dollar on Tuesday, after the European Central Bank tightened lending conditions for Greek banks, raising concerns the lenders could run out of cash.

The ECB left emergency liquidity aid for Greek banks at current levels but increased the haircuts on the collateral it demands. That fueled fears Greece's problems will spread to other southern European countries as well.

German 10-year Bund yields DE10YT=RR fell to their lowest since early June and rate differentials moved against the euro, which also fell to a six-week trough against the yen.

Traders said the next few days could be crucial. Euro-area leaders and finance ministers met in Brussels to discuss Greece and there has been no resolution so far.

With Greek banks down to their last few days of cash and the ECB tightening the noose on their funding, Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras tried to convince the euro group to authorize a new loan swiftly.

"I'd like to think both sides can find a compromise, but I'm not sure they can," said Randy Warren, chief investment officer at Warren Financial Service, in Exton, Pennsylvania.

"I think the austerity that's being asked, which is really necessary is probably too much for Greece. Greece simply cannot pay its bills. So I'm not sure this ends well."

Since Athens missed a debt payment to its creditors and Greek voters rejected tough conditions for further bailouts, the euro has retreated from mid-June highs of $1.14, but there has been no panic selling. One reason is the expectation the ECB will take action to stabilize the market.

Against the dollar, the euro fell 0.7 percent to $1.0978 EUR=, after sliding to a five-week low of $1.0917, while the dollar index .DXY rose 0.6 percent to 96.846, after earlier hitting a one-month high.

The euro was last down 0.8 percent against the yen to 134.40 yen EURJPY=, after earlier dropping to a five-year trough.

Meanwhile, commodity currencies fell sharply, with the Australian dollar hitting a six-year low as Chinese stock markets went into a tailspin.

The Australian dollar, which is a proxy for Chinese investments, fell 0.7 percent to US$0.7440 AUD=D4, with a drop in iron ore prices also weighing.

The New Zealand dollar plunged as well, falling to a five-year low against the greenback. It was last down 0.5 percent at US$0.6645 NZD=D4. The Canadian dollar, meanwhile, hit a three-month low of C$1.2732 against its U.S. counterpart CAD=D4.

(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss; Additional reporting by Anirban Nag in London; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and Christian Plumb) 
2015-01-06
Electronic Arts must face ex-NFL players' lawsuit over video games The Electronic Arts logo is pictured at the video game developers campus in Burnaby, British Columbia April 16, 2014. REUTERS/Ben Nelms

A federal appeals court on Tuesday said Electronic Arts Inc must face a lawsuit by former National Football League players that accuses the video game maker of using their likenesses in the Madden NFL series without permission or proper compensation.

The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco rejected EA's argument that its use of the likenesses was "incidental," and thus protected under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution.

"EA's use of the former players' likenesses is not incidental, because it is central to EA's main commercial purpose - to create a realistic virtual simulation of football games involving current and former NFL teams," Circuit Judge Raymond Fisher wrote for a unanimous three-judge panel.

The panel also rejected other First Amendment defenses that it called "materially indistinguishable" from those it had rejected in 2013, in a similar lawsuit against EA on behalf of college athletes whose likenesses were used in video games.

"We're disappointed with the panel's decision," EA spokesman John Reseburg said. "We believe in the First Amendment right to create expressive works - in any form - that relate to real-life people and events, and will seek further court review to protect it."

Tuesday's decision upheld a March 2012 ruling by U.S. District Judge Richard Seeborg allowing the case to proceed against EA, which is based in Redwood City, California.

Four former players were named as plaintiffs, including onetime Los Angeles Rams quarterback Vince Ferragamo.

Another plaintiff was Sam Keller, a former Arizona State University quarterback who was briefly under contract with the Oakland Raiders, and was a plaintiff in the college case.

Brian Henri, a lawyer for the former NFL players, did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

Last May, EA reached a $40 million settlement of claims brought in the college case on behalf of Keller and other football and basketball players.

The case is Davis et al v. Electronic Arts Inc, 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 12-15737.

(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) 25 years of UWI Fund ft1322 Mark Fraser

Launched in 1989, The UWI Development and Endowment Fund, Trinidad and Tobago is geared towards providing scholarships at the undergraduate and post-graduate levels to promote academic excellence, to alleviate financial hardship of deserving students and also to facilitate student interchange between the campuses of the regional University of the West Indies.

In 2014, the Fund awarded 200 bursaries, at a value of $1 million.

UWI St Augustine Campus principal Clem Sankat noted that this has been possible mainly through the fund-raising efforts of the UWI Development and Endowment Fund, chaired by Ronald Harford. Principal Sankat said,  If we do not explore creative and innovative ways of building strong income streams to support some of our well-deserving students, many may not get the opportunity to exploit their great potential. 

The success of this fund is largely attributed to the annual UWI Carnival Fete, which was the brainchild of President Richards (a former campus principal and president of Trinidad and Tobago).  Times may be getting leaner, but The University of the West Indies Development and Endowment Fund (UWIDEF) is still trying to ease the way for students,  noted Ron Harford. Selected students receive bursaries from the UWIDEF in a formal bursary award ceremony, held annually at the St Augustine Campus.

Through its fund-raising efforts, the UWIDEF has been able to make direct contributions to the education of a steadily increasing number of graduates. Outstanding public support of the Fund s two major fund-raisers The UWI Fete and UWI Golf Challenge have translated into an increase in funds available for bursaries. Sony CEO praises employees, partners for standing up to hackers LAS VEGAS Sony Corp Chief Executive Officer Kazuo Hirai on Monday praised employees and partners of the company's Hollywood movie studio for standing up to "extortionist efforts" of hackers who attacked Sony Pictures Entertainment.

In his first public comments on the massive cyberattack, which the U.S. government has blamed on North Korea, Hirai said current and former employees of the studio were "the victims of one of the most vicious and malicious cyberattacks we have known in recent history."

The attack came as the company prepared to release "The Interview", a comedy about a fictional plot to assassinate North Korea's leader Kim Jong Un. It debilitated Sony Pictures' computer network in November and led to the online leaks of unreleased movies and embarrassing emails.

"Freedom of speech and freedom of expression are... lifelines of Sony and our entertainment business," Hirai said during a presentation at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas. He also thanked those who had seen the movie.

He did not take questions from reporters.

Sony initially canceled the release of "The Interview" after hackers threatened theaters. Following criticism from U.S. President Barack Obama and Hollywood celebrities, it released the film, but although cinemas and pay TV services are showing it, Sony has yet to recoup the up to $88 million it spent on marketing and production.

In addition to the cyberattack, Sony has also been grappling with weak sales at its consumer electronics division, particularly smartphones, and is heading for its fifth net loss in six years.

Sales of its PlayStation 4, however, have been a bright spot: Sony said sales of the video game consoles exceeded 18.5 million units as of Jan. 4, up from 13.5 million at the end of October, showing strong holiday demand.

Analysts said the sales figures were better than expected - Macquarie Research analyst Damian Thong had forecast sales of around 17.5 million. The PS4's performance was especially strong as Microsoft's rival console, the XBox One, was being sold at big discounts in November.

At CES, Sony showcased a new line-up of high definition TVs and said it would start selling a stainless steel version of its wearable SmartWatch 3 from February. The company did not make major announcements on its Xperia smartphones, which have been lagging Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in sales and are facing increasing pressure from Chinese rivals including Xiaomi.

(Additional reporting by Lisa Richwine; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Miral Fahmy) 
2015-05-18
The Top 10 Companies Owned By Facebook (FB) Facebook Inc. (FB), the social networking website started by Mark Zuckerberg in 2004, has evolved into a huge company. After becoming profitable in 2010, it had its IPO in 2012. The company has a market cap of over $176 billion and an earnings-per-share in 2014 of $1.10. Since its founding, Facebook has purchased many different companies, the most famous of which were Instagram in 2012 and WhatsApp in 2014. Let s take a look at the top 11 companies that Facebook has acquired over the years.

Improving Facebook

As a young technology company, Facebook needed to stay innovative and continue developing products and services that its clientele didn t know they needed. Most people don t remember a Facebook without the  like  button or the newsfeed, but before borrowing these technologies from FriendFeed, Facebook was just a place you went to individually check out each of your friends' profiles. This acquisition also resulted in new employees for Facebook, including some ex- Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) staff members.

Facebook also acquired both Karma and face.com to improve its social networking service. Karma was a gift-giving service that has since been used to develop Facebook Gifts, and face.com had technology that Facebook now uses to recognize faces and find your friends whenever you upload new pictures.

Talent Acquisition

Facebook wouldn t be what it is today without the software engineers who challenge themselves to create new technologies. Starting in 2007, Facebook began to snap up companies that employed talent that they wanted. FriendFeed, as mentioned above, is one example of this strategy.

Nextstop, Drop.io, and Hot Potato are some of the better known companies that Facebook has purchased for their employees and quickly shut down. Nextstop was a site that used social recommendations to increase users  travel experiences, Drop.io was a file exchange service similar to DropBox, and Hot Potato was a site that allowed users could  check-in  to a place or event.

Mobile Strategy

Social networking sites these days absolutely must have mobile platforms. When Facebook was first founded, however, most people didn t have mobile phones, and no one had an iPhone. Perhaps because of its beginnings, people didn t consider Facebook to be a mobile company. Now people use the Facebook app but, until recently, the company was still primarily known for its website.

That all changed in 2012 when Facebook paid an astounding $1 billion to acquire Instagram. The Instagram acquisition let investors know that Facebook understood where the market was headed and was prepared to pay money to stay relevant to its clientele.

In 2014, Facebook bought WhatsApp for $19 billion. WhatsApp is a social messaging service that enables users from all over the world to send free messages to one another over WiFi or data connection. These two purchases might not seem profitable on the surface but they are immensely valuable to Facebook in terms of personal data and as proof that the company is staying on the edge of technology.

Diversification

Now that Facebook has entered its mature phase, management needs to find new ways to make money. Facebook s strategy to grow earnings is through diversification. Since 2014, Facebook has made acquisitions that are far outside the realm of what you d expect a social networking company to buy. For example, in 2014 Facebook bought Oculus VR, Ascenta, and ProtoGeo Oy. Oculus VR, perhaps the most interesting of the acquisitions, is a company that produces virtual reality headsets. Ascenta is a drone-maker that Facebook plans to use to bring the internet to remote places of the world. And finally, ProtoGeo Oy will be used to help Facebook enter the fitness and health monitoring market.

The Bottom Line

Facebook s story is famous: Mark Zuckerberg started a website in his dorm room that soon became the popular place for Harvard students to connect with one another. From humble beginnings, the site is now completely engrained in our society and our everyday lives. These four categories of acquisitions and the 11 companies presented show how big, and how rich, Facebook has become. Property management software maker AppFolio files for IPO AppFolio Inc, a maker of online property management software, filed with U.S. regulators on Monday for an initial public offering of common stock.

Morgan Stanley, Credit Suisse, Pacific Crest Securities and William Blair are underwriters to the IPO.

The California-based company, whose investors include BV Capital and IGSB, provides software to small and medium-sized property managers and also offers legal software for small law firms under the brand "MyCase".

AppFolio's revenue rose 61 percent to $15.8 million for the quarter ended March 31. Net loss widened to $3.6 million from $1.2 million a year earlier.

The company was founded in 2006 by Klaus Schauser, a former professor of computer science at the University of California, and Jon Walker.

The software market for small and medium-sized businesses is expected to double to $125 billion between 2013 and 2016, according to research firm Parallels.

The regulatory filing had a nominal fundraising target of $100 million but did not state how many shares the company or its shareholders planned to sell or their expected price.

AppFolio intends to list its class A common stock on the Nasdaq under the symbol "APPF".

Fitness business software firm Mindbody also filed for an IPO last week.

The amount of money a company says it plans to raise in its initial IPO filings is used to calculate registration fees. The final size of the IPO could be different.

(Reporting by Neha Dimri in Bengaluru; Editing by Don Sebastian) Apple Inc.'s Sustainable Competitive Advantages Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) soared 255% over the past five years, more than doubling the Nasdaq's return. Most investors attribute that growth to the popularity of the iPhone and iPad.

However, investors shouldn't overlook Apple's sustainable competitive advantages -- the long-term strengths that give it a lasting edge over its rivals. Let's discuss two of those key strengths -- a protected ecosystem and brand appeal -- which should keep Apple ahead of its rivals for the foreseeable future.

A protected ecosystem

Only Apple devices run iOS. By comparison, multiple manufacturers produce devices that use Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android.

This means that if customers want to remain within Apple's ecosystem and keep their digital purchases, they must continue buying iOS devices. Last year, a survey by Simonlycontracts.co.uk found that 78% of iPhone owners "couldn't imagine" owning a different phone, while 59% confessed a "blind loyalty" to Apple. Therefore, as iPhone sales keep rising, more new users will be "locked" inside Apple's walled garden.

Android users, however, can easily switch between Samsung, HTC, and Sony smartphones since their Google accounts follow them across Android devices.

Meanwhile, the average price of Android devices fell due to two reasons. First, any company can develop and sell Android smartphones, since the OS is free and open-source. Second, chipmakers such as Qualcomm and Intel are helping those companies launch smartphones quickly with "turnkey" reference designs. As a result, premium Android device makers including Samsung, HTC, and Sony have lost market share to low-priced rivals.

The commoditization of the Android market resulted in hardware fragmentation. This makes it more challenging to develop Android apps, which must be tested on a wider variety of hardware than their iOS counterparts. It also makes it tough for Google to keep all its users on the same page with new features, considering that less than 10% of all Android devices run the latest version, Lollipop. By comparison, 82% of iOS devices have already been updated to iOS 8.

Attempts to duplicate Apple's walled ecosystem strategy have all fallen short of expectations. Samsung tried to establish a closed ecosystem with Tizen, but the OS has only been installed on wearable devices, smarthome appliances, and a single smartphone.

Brand appeal

Meanwhile, Apple is also one of the few electronics brands to be considered a luxury brand.

The Hurun Research Institute reported that Apple was the top luxury brand for gifting among China's richest men and women in 2014, beating brands including Louis Vuitton, Prada, Cartier, and Chanel. Samsung, the only other electronics manufacturer in the top 10, ranked 10th among men and ninth among women.

Just as Louis Vuitton can charge hefty premiums on leather handbags, Apple can sell fairly average hardware at premium prices. A comparison between the iPhone 6, Samsung's Galaxy S6, and HTC's One M9 reveals just how average Apple's flagship device is.

Display CPU RAM Cameras Battery iPhone 6 4.7" IPS LCD, 326 ppi Dual-core 1.5Ghz 1GB 8MP/1.2MP 1810 mAh Galaxy S6 5.1" Super AMOLED, 577 ppi Quad-core 1.5Ghz + Quad-core 2.1Ghz 3GB 16MP/5MP 2550 mAh One M9 5" Super LCD3, 441 ppi Quad-core 1.5Ghz + Quad-core 2Ghz 3GB 20.7MP/4MP 2840 mAh

Despite its lower-end specs, the 16GB version of the iPhone 6 costs $649, the same price as a 32GB One M9 or a 32GB Galaxy S6. Therefore, Apple can sell its phones at beefier margins and higher sales volumes than its Android-powered rivals. Based on IHS teardown costs, the base model of the S6 costs $275.50 to produce, compared to a bill of materials of $228 for the iPhone 6.

Unless Apple's rivals can match its brand appeal in the high-end market, they can't match that strategy of selling devices with cheaper components inside. However, Apple has such a head start in the luxury market that Samsung, Sony, HTC, and others are unlikely to close the gap anytime soon.

The key takeaways

Despite those strengths, investors should recognize Apple's biggest weakness -- its heavy dependence on the iPhone, which accounted for nearly 70% of the company's top line last quarter. If competition or market saturation ever cause iPhone sales to slip before Apple can properly diversify its top line, the stock will take a big hit. But I believe Apple's well-protected ecosystem and lack of meaningful competition in the premium market should keep iPhone sales humming along nicely for at least a few more years. Apple Inc. Wants Your DNA, but Why? You can do a lot of interesting things with $194 billion dollars and a globally dominant platform, even if those things aren't exactly aligned with your historical operations.

For instance, you can thrust a team of industry experts into stealth mode and build an electric car (allegedly). You can launch an e-commerce platform into an already crowded market. You can even build geeky, sci-fi watches and test out luxury lineups just for fun (even if most people don't quite understand the value of luxury brands). And, apparently, you can also throw your weight around the growing opportunities in DNA sequencing.

We're talking about Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), of course, which is setting its eyes on the exploding DNA sequencing market, according to an exclusive article from MIT Technology Review. It may seem odd at first, but the move was inevitable in hindsight. That's because tech platforms with massive user bases likely represent the missing link for the DNA sequencing market, which has made tremendous progress in data analysis in recent years, but often struggles to collect massive data sets in short time periods, if at all.

It's a perfect pairing, but what does it mean for Apple?

The newest Apple offering: ResearchKit

Apple took its first step into the DNA sequencing market by opening up its vast user base to public and private researchers through a new software platform, called ResearchKit, that allows scientists to conduct medical surveys and studies through iPhones. Considering that one-in-five smartphones in the world is an iPhone, this is no small first step.

Early apps developed using ResearchKit include mPower, which tracks symptoms of Parkinson's disease and recruited thousands of subjects in several days. The app collects data from both direct surveys and by utilizing sensors within the phone to track dexterity, balance, and walking ability. That data will be analyzed by researchers at Sage Bionetworks, a nonprofit research organization, that is advised by academic researchers at MIT, UCSF, and others. The goal is to discover why symptoms among individuals with Parkinson's disease can vary, what causes them to vary, and eventually develop ways to better manage the disease.

Medical research conducted by other apps using ResearchKit will use genetic data, survey data, sensor data, or all of the above to accomplish similar goals. Apple won't be involved in collecting or testing DNA (yet); those responsibilities will fall onto researchers and health services. But the long-term opportunity extends far beyond supplementary revenue generated from the App Store.

Consider that for studies requiring genetic data, iPhone users will need to get their DNA sequenced, likely coordinated through local diagnostics companies such as Quest Diagnostics. The final sequence data would be sent to two destinations: the researchers conducting the study and the user's iPhone (probably attached to their Apple ID). Then, things could get a little crazy.

What happens when your DNA is on your smartphone?

Your genetic data will always be just that: yours. But it's conceivable that an iPhone in the not-too-distant future will have a "share genetics" setting, not unlike the "share location" setting integrated into nearly every mobile device and many applications today. Why would that be necessary?

Pure speculation at this point, but mobile DNA data could find applications in shopping for products in-tune with your genotype for specific conditions (like skin dryness), field research. There could also be DNA-based dating apps, streamlined doctor's visits, and more. Anything is possible.

How will Apple monetize such a future? To be fair, new business models will likely emerge (and be necessary). But it could generate revenue from advertising genotype-specific products to consumers, taking a finder's fee on sales, or by getting more directly involved in the market with a platform of its own.

What does it mean for investors?

Since the biggest thing holding back the DNA sequencing market has been swift access to large populations, it stands to reason that Apple won't be the only tech company looking to leverage its users. Indeed, Google has been dabbling in DNA sequencing since mid-2013. The strategy here is a bit different -- for now, anyway. Google Genomics is seeking to store sequenced genomes in the cloud for $25 per sequence per year. Collect enough sequences, and it empowers the same consumer sequencing revolution as direct mobile engagement (which Google will likely jump into, too). And there's no reason other platforms, from Facebook to Amazon, won't also join the fray.

No matter who gets involved, there is a huge opportunity brewing in DNA sequencing and the numerous offshoot technologies waiting to be created. It's great to see Apple taking the first steps toward monetizing what will eventually become an important consumer market. From The Pros: The Truth About Alphabet Creams Walking down the beauty aisle at your favorite drugstore can seem more like a lesson on alphabets than a search for the best beauty item. You hear about BB, CC and DD creams all the time, but what do they actually mean? And how can these descriptors help you find the best skincare product for your skin type?

Subscribe to our daily newsletter for the latest in hair, beauty, style and celebrity news.

RELATED: We Tried It: Dry Salt Therapy

We asked Dr. Rebecca Baxt, a board certified NYC dermatologist to give us the low down on the creams, and apparently it s less complicated than you might think. Take a look!

ESSENCE: What are BB creams? And, what makes them so special?

BB creams are short for beauty balms or blemish balms. They were first developed in Germany by a dermatologist who wanted a single cream that would protect skin and provide coverage after laser treatments. The all-in-one formulation became a sensation in South Korea and then spread throughout Asia. BB creams started hitting U.S. store shelves in the spring of 2011. Today, almost every major beauty company has a BB cream, from drugstore brands that cost under $10 to high-end department-store lines that may be as costly as $100 or more, as well as lines that are only sold at spas or in doctors' offices.

ESSENCE: What do BB creams do and are they effective?

Many BB creams offer effective sun protection, with broad-spectrum SPF 30 or higher, the American Academy of Dermatology's recommendation for daily use. What's more, BB creams generally contain zinc oxide or titanium oxide, physical sun blocks that have some built-in water-resistant properties, Baxt says.

ESSENCE: What should you look for when buying BB creams?

Anti-aging components, including peptides and antioxidants such as vitamins A, E, and C. Moisturizing workhorses like hyaluronic acid and glycerin are also great. And, silicone-based ingredients, such as dimethicone, that help smooth the skin, acting much like a foundation primer does.

ESSENCE: What are CC creams?

They are packed to the gills with vitamins C and E, complexion corrector cream is similar to BB cream, but focuses on color correction.

ESSENCE: What do CC creams do and are they effective?

Lighter than a BB cream, CC cream's primary purpose is to correct color-related skin issues, such as sallowness or redness. Like BB cream, it has SPF as well (number varies by brand). If you're acne-prone, have dull skin, dark spots or constant redness, CC cream is for you. Use CC cream to help with redness, acne, dark spots, sallowness and more. It's also lighter than BB cream! Additionally, DD cream will balance skin tone and protect the most sensitive areas of your skin. DD cream's strongest selling point is their anti-aging benefits. If you're looking to reduce the appearance of wrinkles, this cream is the cream for you.

ESSENCE: Okay, we got it. But, where should we start?

If discoloration is your primary concern then start with CC creams, because that s their claim to fame so you will more than likely find a product that contains skin-brightening ingredients such as arbutin or daisy flower extract. If fine lines and wrinkles are the issue, then look for an alphabet cream full of ingredients like retinol, firming peptides or adenosine. If your skin is oily, then look for an alphabet cream that controls oil and has a lightweight texture. 
2015-05-27
YouTube is worth more than eBay, Yahoo and Starbucks: B. of A. Merrill Lynch Getty Images YouTube star Joseph Garrett has fans spanning all ages

YouTube boasts more than 1 billion active users a month, in line with social-media behemoth Facebook Inc.   and analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch say the video site now has a valuation near $80 billion, which is bigger than the market caps of Yahoo Inc., eBay Inc. and a number of other well-known companies in the S&P 500.

 YouTube is a big asset that warrants a big valuation,  Merrill Lynch research analyst Justin Post said in a note to clients this week.

He said he believes the site   on whose platform users spend more time than they do on Instagram and Twitter, according to comScore   accounts for roughly 20% of parent company Google s GOOGL, -0.15% market capitalization of $368 billion.

The valuation was calculated using a seven-times-revenue multiple, which Post said is a discount to the revenue multiples he applies to Facebook Inc. FB, -0.14% , LinkedIn Corp. US:LNKD and Twitter TWTR, -0.83% . His estimate is calling for YouTube revenue growth of 34% this year to $8 billion, and he foresees that figure growing to $13 billion by 2017.

For perspective, here are 10 of the better-known S&P 500 companies currently carrying lower valuations, according to their market capitalizations:

eBay Inc. EBAY, +0.18% has a market cap of $71.3 billion. The company is expected to spin off PayPal, which some analysts have estimated is worth $50 billion, later this year. Its shares are up nearly 15% over the past 12 months, compared with an 11% improvement for the broader S&P 500. Shares were trading up 1.2% to $59.45 on Wednesday.

Starbucks Corp. SBUX, -0.12% is valued at $76.2 billion. The world s biggest coffee chain, which reported revenue of $16.4 billion in fiscal 2014, has seen its shares rise 40% over the past 12 months, vastly outperforming the S&P 500. They were up 1.4% to $51.55 on Wednesday.

Costco Wholesale Corp. COST, -0.78% is valued at $63 billion. The wholesale retailer s shares are up 28% over the last 12 months, outperforming the S&P 500. They were up 1.6% at $145.50 on Wednesday. The company reported revenue of $112.6 billion in fiscal 2014.

Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, -0.19% is valued at $60.2 billion. The government contractor, which makes fighter jets and helicopters, reported revenue of $45.6 billion in fiscal 2014. Its shares are up 17.2% over the past 12 months, outpacing the S&P 500, and were up 0.2% to $190.95 on Wednesday.

Dow Chemical Co. DOW, -1.39% has a market cap of $58.4 billion. Shares of the Midland, Mich. based chemical company, which reported revenue of $58.2 billion in fiscal 2014, are up just 0.5% over the past 12 months, underperforming the S&P 500. They were up 1.2% to $51.21 in recent trades on Wednesday.

Caterpillar Inc. CAT, -1.86% is valued at $53 billion. The tractor and farm-equipment maker reported revenue of $55.6 billion in fiscal 2014, but its shares are down 15.1% over the past 12 months, though they had traded up 0.2% to $88.02 by midafternoon Wednesday.

Duke Energy Corp. DUK, -0.23% is valued at $52.4 billion. The Charlotte, N.C. based utility had 2014 operating revenue of $23.9 billion. Its shares are up 8% over the last 12 months, underperforming the S&P 500. They traded up 0.6% to $76.17 on Wednesday.

FedEx Corp. FDX, -1.38% is valued at $49.4 billion. The shipping company, the second biggest in the U.S. behind United Parcel Services UPS, -0.47% , which has a market cap of $90.5 billion, reported fiscal 2014 revenue of $45.6 billion. Its shares are up 23.5% over the past 12 months, outperforming the S&P 500.

Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% has a market cap of $40.2 billion. The company was downgraded to hold from buy Wednesday at Evercore on concerns that its big holding in Alibaba will face heavier-than-expected tax scrutiny. However, its shares have risen 22.3% over the past 12 months, better doubling the gain of the S&P 500, and traded up 0.3% to $43 recently. The company reported revenue of $4.6 billion for fiscal 2014.

Netflix Inc. NFLX, -0.63% is valued at $37.3 billion. The video-streaming company has gained significant steam in recent quarters thanks to a growing number of people cutting the traditional cable cord. Its shares are up 55.7% over the past 12 months, versus the S&P 500 s gain of 11%. Much of that growth has occurred over the last three months. Sony mobile executive: pricing tweaks, cost cuts to cope with dollar's rise TOKYO The head of Sony Corp's (6758.T) loss-making mobile telecoms unit plans to tweak handset prices and cut costs if need be to absorb the dollar's sharp rise versus the yen, citing currency shifts as a bigger potential threat to the Japanese electronics maker's efforts to turn the business around than competition.

Hiroki Totoki, who has vowed to turn the unit profitable in the year ending March 2016, told investors about his plans to counter foreign exchange fluctuations at a briefing in Tokyo on Wednesday. Close to eight-year highs versus the yen, the dollar's surge causes problems for Sony's mobile business because it raises the cost of raw materials and parts.

"We're seeing a strengthening in the dollar under way. But despite the impact of exchange rates, we would like to limit losses through pricing and lower operating expenses," said Totoki. "We want to be able to act as early as possible when we sense a change, by changing prices, or altering the product portfolio."

Totoki's efforts to fix problems at the long-struggling business, mainly by cutting costs and winding down in markets where Sony sees little chance of being profitable, are part of a lengthy restructuring effort across the whole of the company that is now beginning to bear fruit.

After years of losses, the company expects a net profit of 140 billion yen ($1.14 billion) this year.

Sony has struggled in recent years with weak sales in areas such as smartphones and TVs amid tough competition from cheaper Asian rivals, as well as industry leaders like Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and Samsung Electronics (005930.KS).

Heavy losses at the mobile division were blamed for the group's net loss in the fiscal year ended March 2914. For the current year, the mobile business expects an operating loss of 39 billion yen, while the company as a whole forecasts an operating profit of 320 billion yen.

(Reporting by Ritsuko Ando; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Jeff Kagan: Can Dan Schulman Grow PayPal? News

The countdown has begun. PayPal is about to launch on a new growth path and Dan Schulman is strapped in as the companies new CEO and pilot. So what is the future for the larger e-commerce payment and mobile wallet space? And what is the future for PayPal in that space?

PayPal is currently a wholly owned subsidiary of eBay (EBAY) . The answer to the question is simple. There is no answer to the question. Not yet. While I firmly believe in this is a rapidly growing space, there is no way yet to tell who the leaders will be going forward or what technologies will be introduced in coming years.

Leadership in this rapidly growing and changing space will come from companies who successfully recreate the entire brand experience going forward. PayPal has led in the past, but going forward there are lots of big, brand name competitors stepping up so competition will be intense going forward.

PayPal Done Great Job To Date

PayPal was one of the original companies, which started this entire space. That history will help them going forward, but history is a double-edged sword. It can mean strength, but it can also hold a company back. Nothing stays the same. Everything either moves forward or falls back.

Ecommerce and the mobile wallet have suddenly begun to rapidly moving forward over recent years. All of a sudden there are many big, brand names that are expected to grow and change rapidly in this space.

The new mobile wallet space includes players like Apple Pay (AAPL) , Google Wallet (GOOG) , Samsung LoopPay (SSNNF) , CurrentC, BitCoin and many more which will enter the scene in coming years. In fact we are just in the very early days of this new mobile wallet revolution.

This space may have been with us for the last decade or two, but these companies are reinventing the idea of mobile pay and ecommerce. PayPal may have been there from the beginning, but they now face new and intense competition from these companies and ideas.

PayPal Must Update Their Image and Brand

That means PayPal must update their image and brand in the marketplace. They must lead with innovation going forward. They cannot sit still or this new world will pass them by and leave them behind in the dust.

So who will lead? Right now I would say newcomers are getting the lions share of media attention. That s one of the immediate challenges for PayPal. Media attention is one key to leadership and success.

Industry leadership can change in an instant. Remember when Blackberry (BBRY) and Nokia (NOK) led the wireless handset space? Today they are struggling while Apple iPhone, Google Android and Samsung Galaxy now lead the space.

Companies either grow or shrink. They never stay the same. So PayPal needs to continue to innovate, update and grow. They face new challengers every day.

That s the challenge PayPal is facing right now. They need to refresh, update and expand their brand and offerings. The brand is the relationship with the customer. This is one of the most important keys to success going forward.

To win going forward, PayPal must be at the core of the new innovative explosion. They must lead. That s the challenge and the opportunity for new CEO Dan Schulman.

The Dan Schulman Challenge

Look at this challenge the same as other s we have seen in recent years. Example, AT&T (T) had a similar challenge a decade ago when SBC acquired AT&T, BellSouth and Cingular. The new AT&T is a brand new, strong, innovative and growing leader. They did it right.

While PayPal has a strong brand in this space, the marketplace is changing. The question is will they successfully reinvent themselves fortomorrow? Will they be like AT&T or like Blackberry?

Dan Schulman is one of the nicest people you will ever meet. I believe he is one of the most talented executives as well. He may be just what PayPal needs at this point in time. He has lead many companies such as Virgin Mobile under Richard Branson before it was acquired by Sprint. He has worked with Symantec and American Express.

What Schulman and PayPal do next will make or break their future. The challenge is real, but so are the opportunities. He has been in the fire and I believe he understands this new challenge. Vision and execution is what is now required.

So I want to say congratulations and success to Dan Schulman and PayPal. We are watching closely and hoping you hit a home run in this growing and changing space. Batter up!

Equities.com columnist Jeff Kagan is a Wireless Analyst, Telecom Analyst, Industry Analyst and consultant. He shares thoughts on the changing industry, which he's been following for 25 years. He follows what's hot, what's not, why and what's coming next. Email him at jeff@jeffKAGAN.com

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer Google, Apple, Facebook, Microsoft: Who's Leading Tech? Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

40:45 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Apple, Inc. and Google, Inc. Team Up Against Uncle Sam Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) co-founder Steve Jobs once declared that he would go to "thermonuclear war" against Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) over Android, which he considered a "stolen product." Apple CEO Tim Cook never followed up on those threats, but the two companies are still fierce rivals in the mobile market.



However, Apple and Google recently set aside their differences to tackle a more urgent problem: the American government's controversial digital surveillance practices. Apple, Google, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), other tech giants, and several noted cryptologists recently signed a letter to the Obama administration, urging it to not force tech companies to lower encryption standards or create "back doors" for law enforcement agencies.

Why law enforcement hates encryption

Most U.S. law enforcement agencies oppose universal encryption across electronic devices, claiming it helps bad guys cover their tracks. Tech companies note that all data backed up on cloud services like iCloud and Google Drive can already be subpoenaed legally.

Last October, FBI director James Comey argued that criminals could elect to not back up their data on the cloud, and that local disk encryption tools like Apple's FileVault were creating "a black hole for law enforcement."



In addition, even if devices are subpoenaed, there's no guarantee that agencies can decrypt them. Over the past few years, several defendants refused to enter passwords to decrypt their hard drives on the basis of Fifth Amendment rights. Some of them were eventually forced to decrypt their hard drives by court rulings, but courts across the U.S. remain divided on the issue. Furthermore, "remote wipe" tools can wipe devices that have already been seized.



Therefore, law enforcement agencies have suggested that device makers add back doors that only they can exclusively access, similar to a digital version of TSA locks for luggage. Apple, Google, and others pointed out that there's no guarantee that those back doors won't be exploited by hackers as well.

Why it's bad for business

Ethical questions aside, lower encryption standards and back doors would be bad for business. After whistleblower Edward Snowden exposed the extent of the NSA's surveillance operations -- which included access to personal emails, video chats, and phone calls -- U.S. tech and telecom companies have been eyed with suspicion in overseas markets.

Last year, the German government warned that Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows 8 could serve as an NSA back door when paired with a certain surveillance chip. Shortly afterwards, the Chinese government banned Windows 8 from its computers.



The German government also dumped Verizon for Deutsche Telekom, citing surveillance concerns after the Angela Merkel phone-hacking scandal. This February, the Chinese government banned the government use of Apple and Cisco devices, as well as Intel's security software. Facebook and Google both face constant questions about the legal "right to be forgotten" -- the idea that people should be able to erase their digital pasts -- across Europe.

The U.S. government then exacerbated this problem by bypassing national governments while requesting data stored on government servers. Last year, Microsoft lost an appeal to block the U.S. government's search warrant for a customer's emails stored in an Irish data center, which it called an "astounding infringement" on Ireland's national sovereignty. Apple, a big supporter of Microsoft's argument, notably started storing Chinese iCloud data in China last year, presumably to keep it away from the NSA.



Necessary or naive?

All these cases indicate that overseas customers are starting to see American tech companies as extensions of the NSA. As a result, countries are developing homegrown alternatives to American tech.

China already has Ubuntu Kylin, a Linux-based alternative to Windows for government computers, and Loongson processors, which power several supercomputers in place of Intel's industry-standard Xeon chips. If this trend continues, some U.S. tech companies could lose their competitive edge in foreign markets.

In my opinion, both sides of the argument between tech companies and law enforcement agencies are naive. Tech companies that want bulletproof encryption for all devices neglect the fact that they are creating ideal storage devices for criminals. Law enforcement agencies that want exclusive back doors to mobile devices overlook how easily hackers could exploit them. Letting "cyber police" quietly snoop through mobile devices also tramples all over civil rights.

There aren't any easy answers to this problem, but a line clearly has to be drawn somewhere. That's what Apple, Google, and Facebook are trying to do, but it's unclear if the Obama administration will listen. 
2015-09-21
Google stock will be worth $847 after Alphabet restructuring Google Inc.'s GOOGL, -0.15% GOOG, -0.09% stock target was raised to $847 from $720 at JMP on Monday ahead of the implementation of a planned restructuring under Google's newly-formed parent company Alphabet. Analyst Ronald Josey, who reiterated a market outperform rating on the stock, said that under the new company structure, core Google, which includes YouTube, search and its ads business, will be "significantly more profitable" than the parent company as a whole, with operating margins in the 47% to 53% range. The value of the core Google business would trigger a "re-rating of shares higher" after the transition, said Josey. Alphabet's other businesses, which include its experimental X Lab, will likely continue to operate at a loss, but could drive "significant strategic value" for Alphabet over time, the analyst said. Shares of Google were up 0.7% to $665.26 in recent trade. They have risen more than 19% over the last three months, outperforming the broader S&P 500, down 6.5%. Why America's Top Mental Health Researcher Joined Alphabet One of Thomas Insel s most dramatic initiatives as the government s mental-health research czar was to try to throw out the psychiatrists  bible, the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, or DSM (see  NIMH Will Drop Widely Used Psychiatry Manual ).

Tom Insel

It bothered Insel, who has been head of the National Institute of Mental Health in Bethesda, Maryland, since 2002, that unlike AIDS or lymphoma, mental illness is still diagnosed on the basis of clusters of symptoms rather than  any objective laboratory measure  such as a biomarker or readout.

In fact, biological science hasn t had that many successes against depression or schizophrenia, despite the NIMH s $1.5 billion a year in grants and research spending. Psychiatric drugs haven t improved much in recent decades, and searches for the genetic causes of common forms of mental illness haven t yielded clear answers either. Such scientific frustrations may explain why Insel last week said he was jumping ship to join a subsidiary of Alphabet, the tech conglomerate formed in the restructuring of Google. Alphabet s Life Sciences unit is already exploring smart contact lenses, genomics, and cancer detection (see  A Deeper Look at the New Google ).

Insel notes the obvious: wealthy tech companies have realized that health care is a bigger business than software and gadgets (it s about 20 percent of the U.S. GDP), and so it s one they should get into. But he says he also became convinced that a tech approach might be well suited to mental illness, thanks to the  big data  being generated by genomics and medical imaging as well as the promise that personal technology could make health care  patient-centric  and continuous instead of focused on occasional doctor s visits.

 In the future, when we think of the private sector and health research, we may be thinking of Apple and IBM more than Lilly and Pfizer,  Insel says. He s not envisioning yet another app for managing diabetes or heart disease. Rather, he thinks smartphones could collect biomarkers of depression or psychosis via speech patterns, and dole out psychiatric interventions as well.

We spoke to Insel about his decision to head to Silicon Valley.

How were you recruited by Alphabet?

I was at a meeting with the person [Andy Conrad] who subsequently became the CEO of this new company. He is quite interested in doing something in mental health, but that is not his background. We were talking about opportunities and it became clear we had similar interests. He asked if I would like to do it at Alphabet rather than in government.

What interests did you have in common?

There are three areas of really clear shared interest. One is trying to figure out a better way to bring data analytics to psychiatry. The diagnostic system we have is entirely symptom based and fairly subjective. A second was a concern over how we approach psychosis that we could move earlier in the chain to develop a pre mptive approach. And the third was autism and developing biomarkers [to diagnose it].

Those are all very much in the strategic plan of the NIH. It s great to know that a company like Alphabet is also interested.

What would a pre mptive approach to psychosis look like?

It s something that we are also funding at the National Institute of Mental Health. We are developing algorithms to identify and analyze speech as an early window into the disorganization of thought.

Do you think you can do something different in Silicon Valley than in Bethesda, where you oversee such a large research enterprise?

We ll see. I wouldn t be making the move unless I thought there was a chance to have a greater impact from the private sector.

We are at a really interesting moment in time. Technology that already has had such a big impact, on entertainment and so many aspects of our lives, can really start to change health care. If you ask the question  What parts of health care can technology transform?  mental health could be one of the biggest.

Technology can cover much of the diagnostic process because you can use sensors and collect information about behavior in an objective way. Also, a lot of the treatments for mental health are psychosocial interventions, and those can be done through a smartphone. And most importantly, it can affect the quality of care, which is a big issue, especially for psychosocial interventions.

What do you mean by treating over the phone?

One of the best treatments for depression is cognitive behavior therapy. It s building a set of skills for managing your mood. You can do it with a phone as well as face to face. A lot of people with severe depression or social phobia or PTSD don t want to go in to see someone. This lowers the bar.

Is it possible to diagnose mental illness with a phone?

I d say you can collect information over the phone that can help people manage their own treatment. Your question rests on a paradigm that is completely shifting. The old paradigm is you go to the doctor and they write a prescription. Whether you call it a diagnosis or just identifying the issue, there is an awful lot that can be done online. There is an attachment for your smartphone than can see the tympanic membrane, and pediatricians can make a diagnosis [of ear infection] online. It s a world where you want to get the right treatments at the right time for the right people. As a consumer, you are close to the source of the information. All of this is a different paradigm that we are moving into.

Is Alphabet s approach to mental illness going to be primarily technological or biological?

I don t know that. We are going to explore what the opportunities are. We know their sweet spot is in data analytics. What they do really well is figure out how to analyze data. The opportunity is to take that skill and answer biological questions. What that means in terms of what projects the life science team takes on in mental health is totally undefined. Part of my move there is to figure it out. Exclusive: Shopify, Google boosting presence in BlackBerry's hometown The logo of Shopify hangs behind the Canadian flag after the company's IPO at the New York Stock Exchange May 21, 2015. Picture taken May 21, 2015. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson

TORONTO Tech giants such as Google Inc (GOOGL.O) and upstarts like Shopify Inc SH.TO (SHOP.N) are rapidly expanding their presence in and around BlackBerry's (BB.TO) hometown of Waterloo, Ontario, even as the smartphone maker further pares back some of its teams.

Canada's newest tech darling Shopify, which went public this year and is valued at $2.75 billion, will soon announce a major expansion in the region, according to three sources familiar with the matter.

The sources, who asked not to be named as the plans have not yet been made public, said the e-commerce facilitator has just leased space in Waterloo that would let it boost its presence from about 20 people to potentially a few hundred in the region.

A spokeswoman for Shopify declined to comment on the plan.

Shopify, which has roughly 800 employees spread across its home base in Ottawa and satellite offices in Toronto, Montreal and the adjoining cities of Kitchener-Waterloo, saw its shares jump 23 percent on Thursday after it announced a tie-up with Amazon.com (AMZN.O).

The major e-commerce company named Shopify as its preferred partner, making it the go-to company for smaller vendors to work with if they want to sell products on Amazon.com, and need to integrate inventory and payment systems with those of the e-commerce site.

The sources said the new space in Waterloo will mainly be used for expanding the Shopify Plus developer and sales teams. Shopify Plus is the company's premium product aimed at larger merchants.

The move comes as Google gets set to move into a new 185,000-square-foot space in Kitchener this fall. The office, some three times the size of its current space, will allow Google to vastly expand its 300-person workforce in the region.

A spokeswoman for Google said the company has not outlined any specific growth targets and the new space is being developed in a phased manner.

Smaller startups based in the Kitchener-Waterloo region such as Kik Interactive, whose chat platform is popular with U.S. teens; and Vidyard, which creates video marketing and analytics tools, have also outlined plans to roughly double their workforces.

BLACKBERRY CUTS

The moves come as BlackBerry further pares back some of its non-core teams in the region. Sources familiar with the matter said that BlackBerry last week laid off roughly 200 staff on its hardware and design teams.

"Our intention is to reallocate resources in ways that will best enable us to capitalize on growth opportunities while driving toward sustainable profitability across all facets of our business," said a spokeswoman for BlackBerry in an email.

The sources added the moves come after BlackBerry has completed all major hardware and design work on its widely anticipated new handset, code-named Venice. The device is widely expected to arrive in November and run on Google's Android platform, but come layered with BlackBerry security and productivity features.

BlackBerry, which is pivoting to focus more on software as it outsources more of the work around its hardware, declined to comment on the device.

(Editing by Jeffrey Hodgson and James Dalgleish) Skype working to fix glitch preventing users from making calls Skype, Microsoft Corp's (MSFT.O) online telephone and video service, said it identified the glitch that prevented some users from making calls, and is working to resolve the issue.

Skype said on Monday that some users are unable to make calls because their settings showed that they and their contacts are offline, even when they are logged in.

Some messages to group chats are not being delivered and users not already signed in may face difficulty while accessing their accounts.

The company said the issue did not affect Skype for Business users.

Skype added that users could experience delays in seeing changes made to their accounts, such as credit balance and profile details.

Users may also face difficulty loading web pages on the Skype Community, the company said in a blog post.

In an earlier post, Skype had said its instant messaging and Skype for Web services were not facing technical issues.

(Reporting By Lehar Maan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) France rejects Google appeal on cleaning up search results globally - Reuters  
2015-11-07
Alphabet and Facebook develop rival secret drone plans The tech giants are racing to provide internet access from unmanned aircraft flying higher than passenger jets, having quietly registered new drone designs

Google and Facebook have significantly expanded their rival plans to develop unmanned aircraft that can provide broadband internet access from high above the Earth, the Guardian has learned.

Both Facebook and Alphabet, Google s parent company, have quietly registered new drone designs with the US Federal Aviation Administration.

Meanwhile, Alphabet is also planning secret high-altitude airborne operations at Spaceport America in New Mexico, which has been largely unused since Virgin Galactic s SpaceShipTwo craft crashed in December 2014, and an American subsidiary of Facebook has taken delivery of a prototype solar-powered drone.

Much of the world s attention is focused on small drones, such as Alphabet s Project Wing or Amazon s Prime Air delivery drones, but Google and Facebook are also working on much larger drones that can operate far above passenger jets, and even as high as 90,000 feet.



Flying for weeks or months at a time, such drones could theoretically provide city-sized areas with high-speed internet access, particularly in remote or undeveloped parts of the world.

 We re working on ways to use drones and satellites to connect the billion people who don t live in range of existing wireless networks,  said Facebook s CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, in July. Last year, Facebook set up an initiative with Nokia, Samsung and others called Internet.org to provide some online access to the two-thirds of the world lacking a reliable connection.

Drones should be banned from private use, says Google's Eric Schmidt Read more

Both companies would benefit from an expanded internet network which would help them reach new users, and in turn develop new advertising markets.

Over the summer, Facebook revealed a huge solar-powered drone called Aquila with a wingspan of 42 metres capable of operating at up to 90,000ft, sharing internet access with radios and lasers. Aquila was developed by Facebook in the UK. The drone is made from carbon fibre that is about three times stronger than steel and lighter than aluminium. Yael Maguire, head of Facebook s Connectivity Lab, said in July that the Aquila would weigh around 400kg, allowing it remain aloft for 90 days at a time.

The Guardian has learned that the first and only Aquila prototype arrived in the US in late September, for flight testing later this year. However, registration papers with the FAA show that the aircraft now has a maximum takeoff weight of over 500kg. They also indicate that the Aquila was not delivered to Facebook or Internet.org but instead sold to a recently formed Facebook subsidiary called FCL Tech Inc, for $2m.

 Weight is always your biggest enemy,  said Missy Cummings, professor of aeronautics at Duke University, referring to a traditional challenge of designing aircraft.  Facebook and Google are starting to find out what Boeing and Lockheed Martin have known all along, which is that it is really hard to design these systems. 

FCL Tech Inc also bought another, much smaller drone from Facebook UK in August for $75,000. The SM5 drone has four electric motors like the Aquila but weighs just 12.5kg, suggesting that it may be a scale-model of the Aquila or even intended for another purpose altogether. FCL Tech Inc has been testing digital transmitters that support broadband connectivity at an old navy base near San Francisco, and experimenting with TV  white space  spectrum near Facebook s headquarters.

Google also recently registered two new drones with the FAA, codenamed M2 and B3. While there has been speculation that they might be part of Alphabet s own plans to offer internet access from on high, FAA documents seen by the Guardian show that the drones are tiny. The M2 weighs 2.25kg and the B3 just 900g, about twice as much as a soccer ball.

If people want to fly tacos around on a drone, that s totally possible

These would be far too small to reach high altitudes but could be used as part of the company s Project Wing drone delivery project, according to Cummings.  A 900g drone is not going to carry a LCD TV but it could carry small things,  she said.  If people want to fly tacos around on a drone, that s totally possible. 

Alphabet is still pushing ahead with its internet drone plans though. Last spring, Google acquired Titan Aerospace, a New Mexico startup that had already tested and flown high-altitude solar-powered drones with wingspans of up to 50 metres. Following a crash of one experimental drone in May, Alphabet announced that it was relocating Titan Aerospace to Silicon Valley to join its growing Google Access team. Google Access also includes Project Loon, a plan to deliver wireless internet using unpowered balloons floating through the stratosphere.

However, the Guardian has learned from documents filed with the Federal Communication Commission (FCC) that Google is now planning a return to New Mexico, where it will conduct high-altitude tests at Spaceport America. The tests, which could last until March next year, will involve relaying data between ground stations using aircraft flying at up to 25,000ft, operating on the same 2.5GHz frequencies as 4G LTE cellphone signals.

Alphabet s tests will be a welcome boost for the glamorous but underused private space facility, which has been virtually mothballed since the Virgin Galactic crash. Alphabet is also running similar airborne tests at a drone range on a Native American reservation in Oregon, and over the Californian coast.

Even if the companies solve the technical challenges of keeping drones aloft for long periods, sharing data via lasers and serving city-sized areas, both Alphabet and Facebook still face regulatory hurdles. Neither company has been granted a waiver to the current FAA blanket ban on the commercial operation of unmanned aircraft.

Alphabet has applied for an exemption, called  333  after a section of the FAA regulations, for its Project Wing delivery drones, but that is yet to be granted and in any case would only clear operation to a maximum height of 400ft. Google has also been testing its delivery drones in the US under a Certificate of Waiver or Authorization (COA) with Nasa, which permitted flights intended to help Nasa develop an automated air traffic control system for low-flying drones. This would not apply to drones flying far above other manned and unmanned aircraft.

 There s not a lot to run into between 60,000 and 90,000 feet,  says Cummings.  But I m sure regulators would be deeply suspicious if Google and Facebook were flying these over the US. 

Facebook and Alphabet would not comment. 
2015-05-14
Google Fiber: A Crazy, But Very Possible Prediction  China aims to boost Internet speeds, cut prices SHANGHAI China will accelerate development of its high-speed broadband networks to raise Internet speeds and cut prices, long bugbears in a country where many people still have no access to the web.

Telecoms firms should make rapid moves to cut prices and increase urban broadband speeds by around 40 percent, according to a statement issued late on Wednesday by China's State Council, the country's cabinet.

China's investment in broadband could benefit global network equipment makers such as Ericsson and Nokia Oyj's Alcatel-Lucent, as well as home-grown players like Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] and ZTE Corp.

The statement did not say how much investment would be needed, but officials have previously earmarked around 2 trillion yuan ($322 billion) to improve China's broadband infrastructure by 2020.

The country's Internet penetration rate was only 47.9 percent last year, with connectivity especially low in smaller cities and rural areas. This compares to around three-quarters of people in the United States.

The cabinet statement added that China would look to open up the telecoms market and encourage increased competition, including through expanding a pilot scheme for broadband services this year.

"There is still not enough competition, which has led to telecoms fees being relatively high while there is still a lot of room to improve the quality of service," the statement said, citing an official at China's official State Information Centre.

($1 = 6.2043 Chinese yuan renminbi)

(Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Can Criteo Hold Off Facebook, Google?  
2015-05-26
Google Inc. Could Reveal an "Internet of Things" OS Soon Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is planning to launch an operating system for Internet of Things (IoT) devices soon, according to recent reports from The Information and Fortune. The OS, known as Brillo, is expected to be revealed at its I/O event on May 28 and 29.

Brillo is intended to do for IoT devices what Android did for mobile devices -- unite a fragmented universe of real-time operating systems (RTOS) under its software umbrella. This market could get much bigger over the next five years. Cisco expects the number of connected devices to double from 25 billion in 2015 to 50 billion in 2020 thanks to the use of embedded chips in everyday objects and wearable devices.



The business of IoT RTOS

Today, the RTOS market mainly consists of operating systems written by chipmakers for specific chips. Many IoT devices are "headless," meaning they don't connect directly to physical displays. Instead, they synchronize with apps on PCs or mobile devices. Therefore, an RTOS is harder to recognize than a mobile OS with a graphic user interface, like iOS, Android, or Windows Phone.

Google isn't the only company that wants to consolidate the RTOS market. Samsung recently introduced its tiny ARTIK IoT chips, which run on Mentor Graphics' Nucleus OS. Microsoft is also moving into the RTOS space with Windows 10 IoT Core, which is designed for ATMs, wearables, and even ultrasounds.



ARM Holdings, which licenses the majority of smartphone and tablet chip designs in the world, introduced mBed OS for IoT devices last year. ARM hopes to use the mobile market as an IoT launchpad with its Cortex-M embedded microcontrollers, which accounted for nearly a fourth of its cumulative licenses last quarter. ARM also recently introduced its next-gen IoT chips, codenamed Teal and Grebe, for connected cars and wearable devices. Plenty of other players, like Contiki, are also vying for a piece of this "invisible" market.



Security and analytics

A primary concern about the IoT market is security. Connecting homes, cars, and medical equipment to the Internet could leave them wide open to hackers.

Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), which formed a dedicated IoT unit for embedded chips last year, unveiled an IoT security platform based on technology it gained from its acquisition of McAfee in 2010. In response, ARM acquired Dutch security specialist Offspark last year to integrate its security software into mBed.



The challenge Google faces is that embedded devices are often considered more secure if the software is designed specifically for the hardware. Convincing IoT device manufacturers to run a Google OS on Intel or ARM-licensed hardware could be challenging, since it could open up new vulnerabilities.

Several companies -- like ARM, Intel, and Cisco -- bundle analytics solutions for IoT devices with security software. This allows IoT devices to aggregate data in real time for analytics purposes. That data is highly valuable to Google, which builds targeted ads based on the information it accumulates from users.

How Brillo fits into the Google ecosystem

To understand how Brillo fits into Google's ecosystem, we should discuss the company's other plans for connected devices. Google already owns Android, the most widely used mobile OS in the world. It intends to use Android as a foundation for expanding into smart homes, connected cars, and wearable devices with Nest, Android Auto, and Android Wear, respectively.

With Brillo, Google could reach headless fitness bands. In the future, a Brillo-connected smart toothbrush could evaluate how well a person brushes his or her teeth. A Brillo-connected refrigerator could even order products automatically, similar to what Amazon is trying to do with its Dash Buttons. By expanding its reach beyond PCs and mobile devices, Google would collect much more data for marketing purposes.

That's easier said than done, though. In addition to potential security concerns, there are also major privacy ones. Therefore, it's unlikely that Google's advance into everyday objects via the Internet of Things will go unnoticed by regulators and privacy advocates.

The key takeaway

IoT is one of the hottest topics in tech today. As the owner of the largest search engine and mobile OS in the world, Google could possibly consolidate the RTOS market with Brillo. However, investors should remember that current operating systems already synchronize with a variety of mobile platforms, and security or privacy concerns might derail Google's dreams of collecting data from all connected devices. 5 Stocks Protecting Your Privacy News

Memorial Day is a very nostalgic, solemn day for me.

America is a nation of immigrants, and most of us can trace our roots to some place other than the US. For many Americans, this means European ancestry.

I can t claim any lineage to any passengers on the Mayflower, nor did any of my ancestors cross the vast prairies of the Midwest in covered wagons. Like yours, however, my ancestors came to America in search of a better life.

My grandfather, Fusakichi Sagami, was from Hiroshima, Japan. He traveled across the Pacific Ocean in 1893 as a kitchen helper on an American sail-powered freighter. He continued to work in galleys on any ship that would hire him, including a short stint on the naval schooner USS Augusta.

He married Mitsu, a picture bride, in 1906, started a small vegetable farm in western Washington, and produced 10 children including my father, Ken.

Fusakichi, Mitsu, and their 10 children were among the 110,000 American citizens of Japanese ancestry held in the World War II internment camps, and despite being unjustly imprisoned and stripped of his land, Fusakichi believed so strongly in America that he ordered all his sons to volunteer for the US Army.

 You may very well die, but you MUST do this to prove that we are loyal to America,  he told his eight sons from behind the barbed wired walls of the Minidoka War Relocation Center in Idaho.

Six of the eight Sagami boys volunteered and joined the US Army, and all of them fought in the highly decorated 442nd Infantry Regiment. One of them, my Uncle Yohei, died in France and was posthumously awarded a Silver Star and Bronze Star.

Family friends tell me that my grandmother was never the same after Yohei died. She wore his dog tags around her neck and rubbed the metal completely smooth over the next 50 years of her life. It was almost like she was self-medicating the hole that was in her heart.

 And they who for their country die shall fill an honored grave, for glory lights the soldier s tomb, and beauty weeps the brave. 

 Joseph Drake

Stand for Uncle Sam

My father ferociously worshiped four things: Jesus, my mother, hard work, and the United States of America. He was so fiercely patriotic, my grandfather and I believe the biggest disappointment I ever caused him was my failure to serve our country.

I turned 18 during the tail end of the Vietnam War, and my father pushed me to go the ROTC route for college. I reluctantly signed up for Navy ROTC and received an appointment, but I dropped out of the program eight days before the start of my freshman year  succumbing to the tears of a long-gone high school girlfriend.

My quitting ROTC disappointed him so badly that he didn t talk to me until Christmas of that year. Of course he loved me, but I m not sure he ever fully forgave me.

So what s this got to do with investing?

My father died in 2009 at 93 years old, but I know he would be disgusted at the government for snooping into our phone calls and e-mails, IRS abuse of power, and other intrusions on the freedoms that the Sagami boys fought for in World War II.

Strong feelings translate into opportunities for businesses. Some companies are now looking at ways to help those of us who don t want the government sticking its nose into our lives (especially, our electronic lives).

Remember, people won t use technology they don t trust. Companies like Google (GOOG) , Facebook (FB) , Apple (AAPL) , Yahoo! (YHOO) and Twitter (TWTR) have already admitted giving the government access to our personal information, and that taints my view of them.

Here are five companies that make it their business to protect private information from prying eyes:

Barracuda Networks, Inc. (CUDA)

Fortinet Inc. (FTNT)

Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP)

Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (PANW)

CyberArk Software, Ltd. (CYBR)

Currently all five provide Internet security solutions to corporations, instead of individuals, but they are experiencing very rapid growth.

One private company Wickr should go public in the near future with fantastic potential. Wickr uses military-grade encryption technology to send texts, photos, and videos between users. Plus, Wickr, itself, has zero access to any messages, so it can t give the government access even if ordered to do so.

Of course, timing is everything, so you should wait for my buy signal before you jump into any stock  but personal privacy and online security are going to be one of the biggest, most profitable businesses going forward, and you should look for ways to get them in your portfolio.

********************************

Memorial Day was originally known as  Decoration Day  and was created in 1868 to commemorate the Union and Confederate soldiers who died during the Civil War.

Today, it honors all the American servicemen and servicewomen who sacrificed their lives for our country, but sadly, the true meaning of Memorial Day has gradually been lost to many.

For many, Memorial Day has become an extra day off from work that includes barbecue hamburgers and baseball, instead of a solemn day to reflect and remember the brave men and women who gave their lives for America s values and freedom.

 Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn t pass it on to our children in the bloodstream. The only way they can inherit the freedom we have known is if we fight for it, protect it, defend it and then hand it to them with the well thought lessons of how they in their lifetime must do the same. 

 Ronald Reagan

Freedoms, including the right to privacy, are what my Uncle Yohei and thousands of other American soldiers fought for, and I hope that all of us take a moment to remember those fallen veterans.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer TrueCar sees May site traffic to reach record 6.2 million unique visitors U.S. online car shopping service TrueCar Inc said it expected site traffic to reach record high levels in May, helped by a spike in visitors during the Memorial Day weekend.

The company said total number of unique visitors to TrueCar sites are expected to rise 40 percent to 6.2 million in May from a year earlier, boosted by holiday deals from automakers, partner promotions and incentives.

The company said there was a spike in visitor traffic during the Memorial Day weekend, helped by a co-branded campaign with the United Services Automobile Association (USAA), a San Antonio, Texas-based financial institution serving current and retired members of the military.

"Initial weekend data show that total sales delivered by all dealers in our network worked out to two (cars) per minute," said Chief Executive Scott Painter.

TrueCar has nearly 11,000 certified franchise and independent dealers across the United States.

(Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru) 
2015-12-29
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Suffers Fed Leak, Google Glass 2.0 Confirmed Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), (NASDAQ:GOOGL) made hardware the center of a whole lot of its efforts in the course of 2015, but the firm left one space conspicuously empty. Google Glass 2.0 was nowhere to be seen amidst all of the Pixel and Nexus devices. That s just changed, right before the calendars go in the bin. Images of the new wearable have appeared on the FCC website, though Google has not revealed anything official.

Google Glass 2.0 will be aimed at enterprise according to several reports that emerged about the Alphabet device earlier on this year. The FCC released quite a bit of technical info about the device, but Mountain View hasn t released a statement or gone through an official launch just yet.

Alphabet Inc has its Glass leaked

It s not clear whether the FCC publication of the Google Glass pics was an oversight, an accident or a calculated effort by Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to quietly build hype for the next generation of wearable tech. The firm isn t even going to try to sell the next version of Glass to consumers.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

Instead Google Glass 2.0 is being aimed at businesses, and it s built to address that market. The device that went live on the FCC website, the details of which can be found here, has a more robust build and a hinge so it can be folded away. Many of these specs were mentioned by the Wall Street Journal earlier on this year when it reported that Mountain View was a t work on a new version of Google Glass.

Waiting for Google Glass to appear

According to the reports the new version of Google Glass will only go on sale to big business, which means that it s going to be quite a while before Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is able to bring the reality contained in its Glass commercials to life.

The new Google Glass pics tell us very little about what Glass will actually do for enterprise. It s not clear which roles Alphabet Inc thinks will be able to gain most from using the tech in the office. That all comes down to software, something about which the FCC leak had nothing to reveal.

We re going to be waiting for quite a while, it seems, before alphabet Inc puts its wearable tech out there en mass, but the firm may soon reveal some of the key features of Google Glass 2.0. With images of the headset leaked by the FCC, it s only a matter of time before Alphabet decides it s time for a proper launch.

Those with shares in Google might be frustrated with the firm s apparent addiction to new hardware. Despite all of the firm s efforts with the Nexus, Chrome, Pixel and other devices bearing the Google mark, the firm s bread is still buttered on its websites.

Its hardware efforts might add some value to its advertising, but there may be concern that the firm could, in spending its time and money trying to be Apple, make the same mistakes that Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT)has made in recent years. Notable 52 Week Highs: Alphabet (GOOGL), McDonald's (MCD), j2 Global (JCOM) Shares of Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) surged 2.10% to hit a new 52-week high of $798.69 on Tuesday on normal average volume. The move is likely related to an increase in the price target to $1,000 from $900 by the advisory firm, Axiom Capital. In addition, Axiom Capital analyst Victor Anthony reiterated a  Buy  rating on the search giant s stock.

Stock reaction: GOOGL shares have performed well over the last year, rising 44.45%. The company s stock is up nearly 63% from the 52-week-low of $490.91 it reached on January 12, 2015.

McDonald s Corp. (MCD) climbed more than 1% to a 52-week high of $120 on Tuesday. The move comes on a weak volume with the issue currently trading more than 1.75 million shares, compared to the average volume of 5.78 million shares.

Shares of MCD rose 0.99% to $119.93 in afternoon trading. The 52-week range for the stock is now $87.50 to $120.00.

Shares of the 110.12 billion market cap company have risen 29.61% year-over-year and 31.10% year-to-date.

The chart below shows where MCD has traded over the past 12 months.

j2 Global, Inc. (JCOM) shares hit one-year high of $84.15 in today s trading session. The stock has risen 32.49% this year and is continuing its upward trend.

More than 223K shares have changed hands. At current price next resistance is at $85.80. Support is at $81.11. Tallying the winners and losers in a volatile year for markets Major U.S. stock indexes are poised to end 2015 little changed for the year. But under that seemingly calm surface were some dramatic swings in global markets, making for some very big winners as well as big losers in stocks, bonds, commodities and other investments.

Indeed, 2015 may be remembered mostly as a year of wild divergences in markets. You could more than double your money in a stock like Netflix   or lose more than half your money in what had appeared to be a promising young shale-oil driller.

Here's a look at some of the year's most significant market trends and the winners and losers they created:

Winner: The dollar

Losers: Commodities and emerging markets

Americans like to complain that the dollar doesn't buy much anymore. But measured against other major currencies, the greenback is the world's strongman: It now buys the most in about 13 years.

An index that tracks the dollar's value against six key currencies, including the euro and the yen, has jumped 8.4% in 2015 after a 13% surge in 2014.

The dollar has been driven in part by the U.S. economy's strength compared with many other nations. Although U.S. growth has been modest, it still has outshone growth in much of the rest of the developed world. Stronger economies tend to attract more investment, in turn driving up demand for their currencies.

The Federal Reserve's decision to raise its benchmark short-term interest rate this month for the first time since 2006   to a minimum of 0.25%   also has bolstered the dollar by giving foreign investors another reason to move money here.

A rising greenback is great for American tourists abroad. One dollar now is worth $1.39 Canadian, up from $1.06 two years ago. Likewise, a robust dollar can make foreign exports cheaper for U.S. consumers.

But for U.S. multinational companies, "The dollar has caused all kinds of problems for sales and profit growth," notes Doug Ramsey, chief investment officer at Leuthold Weeden Capital Management in Minneapolis. Sales and earnings in weaker currencies translate into fewer dollars. That has depressed many multinationals' financial results this year, undercutting their stocks.

What's more, because commodities like oil and grains are priced in dollars worldwide, those raw materials become more expensive for buyers in countries with weak currencies. That has helped hammer global commodity prices, a decline made worse by China's economic slowdown and by the global glut of oil. U.S. crude oil fell $1.29 to $36.81 a barrel on Monday, and now is down 39% in 2015. It's the lowest price since 2009.

Crude's crash is a bonanza for American consumers. But for emerging-market economies that are commodity exporters, such as Russia and Brazil, the dollar has been a double-whammy: It has depressed the prices of their exports while driving up the cost of U.S. goods and services. The result has been a rout in emerging-market stock markets, long popular with U.S. small investors. The share price of the iShares MSCI Emerging Markets exchange-traded fund has dived 17% this year and is near its lowest level since 2009.

Many analysts expect the dollar to continue to climb in 2016. Marc Chandler, a veteran currency markets analyst at Brown Bros. Harriman in New York, notes that the divergence in interest rate policies between the Fed and central banks in Europe, Japan and elsewhere is becoming more stark. "The Fed is becoming less accommodative while other central banks maintain or extend current easing policies," he says.

Even so, some experts believe that battered emerging-market economies are poised for a turnaround. In its new year's outlook, BofA Merrill Lynch Global Research forecasts that "about three-quarters of emerging-market economies could show signs of recovery by the middle of 2016."

NEWSLETTER: Get the day's top headlines from Times Editor Davan Maharaj >>

Winners: Cult growth stocks

Losers: Classic value stocks

In a tepid, at best, global economy, investors hunting for growth-stock ideas faced ever-slimmer pickings in 2015. At the same time, anticipation of higher interest rates slammed many classic dividend-paying "value" stocks, such as utilities, that compete with bonds for investors' attention.

The result has been a two-tiered stock market: Investors have stampeded into a relative handful of cultish growth companies, notably the so-called FANG group: Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google parent Alphabet Inc. Those shares are up 36%, 118%, 140% and 47% this year, respectively.

Much of the rest of the market, meanwhile, has struggled. The blue-chip-dominated Standard & Poor's 500 index is down 0.1% year to date. The damage has been far worse in some stock sectors.

The Dow utility stock index is off 5.8% this year. The Dow transportation stock index is down 17.2%.

And commodity-related stocks have been devastated. The Energy Select Sector SPDR exchange-traded fund, which owns major energy shares, has plunged 24%.

The sharp disparity between the cult growth stocks and the broader market is a warning sign that the 6-year-old bull market is running out of steam, says James Stack, a market historian and editor of the InvesTech Research market newsletter in Whitefish, Mont.

"The type of highly concentrated performance by extreme valuation stocks is seldom, if ever, a sign of a healthy bull market," he says.

Similarly, nervous investors have begun to shun stocks of smaller companies, which had been leading the bull market even though they typically are considered riskier than blue-chip stocks.

The Russell 2000 index of smaller stocks rose 93% from the end of 2009 to the end of 2014, beating the S&P 500 index's gain of 85%. But this year the Russell index has fallen 4.7% while the S&P is flat.

Some money managers who focus on relatively unglamorous small-company stocks, such as in manufacturing, say the declines could be setting up for a new appreciation of value stocks in the next few years.

That's what happened from 2000 to 2002, when high-flying tech stocks crashed and many investors turned to depressed shares of companies with solid if unspectacular earnings growth.

Chuck Royce, chief executive of New York-based Royce Funds, a small-stock, value-oriented manager, believes that investors will begin to "look more closely at [companies'] balance sheet strength and profitability," which could favor many stocks that now take a back seat to the FANG types. IBM, Alphabet Push To Develop Practical, Operational Quantum Computers Experts and analysts consider quantum computing as one of the key technology sectors of the next decade.

IARPA, the research arm of US intelligence, launched a research program to overcome the current practical limitations of quantum computing.

IBM will be awarded a major multi-year IARPA contract to advance toward practical quantum computers.

Alphabet is developing practical quantum computers optimized for specific tasks relevant to the company's main and emergent business applications.

We often report about developments in the emergent quantum computer industry, considered by experts and analysts as one of the key technology sectors of the next decade. Quantum computers, which information in quantum bits - qubits - that can be in a quantum superposition of zero and one states, could process information much faster than today's computers by exploiting subtle quantum phenomena such as quantum entanglement. The theoretical peak performance of quantum computers increases very fast with the number of qubits - but so does the engineering challenge of building practical operational high performance quantum processors, overcoming qubit instability and sensitivity to environmental noise.

Therefore, the Intelligence Advanced Research Projects Activity (IARPA), the research arm of US intelligence, launched the Logical Qubits (LogiQ) research program to overcome the current practical limitations of quantum computing. The program seeks to overcome the limitations of current multi-qubit systems by building a  logical qubit  from a number of imperfect physical qubits.

Earlier this month, IBM (NYSE:IBM) announced that it will be awarded a major multi-year IARPA research grant under the LogiQ program to advance toward practical quantum computers. The IBM scientists will build upon recent promising results that demonstrated the possibility to detect quantum errors by using superconducting qubits.

 We are at a turning point where quantum computing is moving beyond theory and experimentation to include engineering and applications,  said IBM Research director Arvind Krishna.  Quantum computing promises to deliver exponentially more speed and power not achievable by today s most powerful computers with the potential to impact business needs on a global scale. 

Alphabet Inc-A (NASDAQ:GOOGL), the parent company of Google, recently announced important research results, which demonstrate that their approach to quantum computing is sound and likely to produce operational results. New research results described in the prestigious MIT Technology Review show that Google's quantum computer is really much faster than traditional computers. The theoretical performance boost that quantum computers could achieve is nothing short of breathtaking - quantum computers could operate millions of times faster than conventional computers.

The new research results, obtained with the latest hardware developed by leading quantum computer maker D-Wave Systems, have been referred to as an important breakthrough. However, they have been achieved in carefully controlled benchmarks, which don't necessarily translate easily into real, operational quantum leaps in performance.

"We need to make it easier to take a problem that comes up at an engineer s desk and put it into the computer," said Hartmut Neven, who leads Alphabet's Quantum Artificial Intelligence lab. "There s a list of shortcomings that need to be overcome in order to arrive at a real technology."

Therefore, Alphabet initiated a research program to hedge its bets with alternative approaches developed in house. The Internet giant hired physicist John Martinis to lead the development of high-quality chips with fewer qubits than the D-Wave chips, but optimized for specific tasks such as "quantum annealing," MIT Technology Review reports. Alphabet estimates that Martinis s group can make a quantum annealer with 100 qubits as soon as 2017.

The new machines won't be general purpose computers but application-specific processors optimized for particular algorithms, such as pattern recognition and machine learning, which are especially relevant to Alphabet's main business - personalized online ads - and emerging projects such as self-driving cars.

 Machine learning will be transformed into quantum learning,  said Neven. "The most creative systems we can build will be quantum AI systems.  He added that quantum computers will open the door to human-like machine learning and remake the field of artificial intelligence.

Recently,Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) invested $50 million in a collaboration with Dutch research organizations to accelerate advancements in quantum computing. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) recently claimed that it could achieve an operational quantum computer by 2025. Other top tech companies such as Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) are aggressively pursuing quantum computing.

In related news, the Australian government, persuaded that quantum computers could solve problems in minutes that take today's computers centuries, has pledged a $26 million grant to support quantum computing in Australia.  This would have a transformational impact on Australian and global businesses, from banks undertaking financial analysis, transport companies planning optimal logistic routes, or improvements in medical drug design,  notes an official statement. Telstra, Australia's largest telecommunications and media company, has also pledged $10 million to support quantum computing research at the University of New South Wales.

For investors persuaded by the many experts and analysts who consider quantum computing as one of the key technology sectors of the next decade, the key question is which company will be the winner. Though it's probably too early to tell, recent development seem to indicate that the tech stocks portfolio of investors bullish on quantum computing should include IBM and Alphabet. S&P 500 Restores 2015 Gain as US Stocks Rally Toward Year End U.S. stocks rose, restoring the Standard & Poor s 500 Index s gain for the year and nearly erasing a monthly decline as retailers and technology shares led a rally in light trading.

Amazon.com Inc. paced gains among retailers for a second day, rising 2.8 percent to a record in post-holiday action. Google parent Alphabet Inc. rose 1.5 percent to an all-time high, and Apple Inc. climbed 1.8 percent to bolster technology shares. Pep Boys added 8.8 percent after Carl Icahn raised his takeover offer for the auto-parts chain.

The S&P 500 advanced 1.1 percent to 2,078.36 at 4 p.m. in New York, rising to a three-week high. The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 192.71 points, or 1.1 percent, to 17,720.98, its sixteenth triple-digit move in 20 sessions. The Nasdaq 100 Index surged 1.5 percent, taking its 2015 gain to almost 11 percent. About 5 billion shares traded hands on U.S. exchanges, 30 percent below the three-month average.

 This remains a Teflon market, it has been all year,  said Michael James, managing director of equity trading at Wedbush Securities Inc. in Los Angeles.  There have been plenty of negative headwinds that should ve had the market significantly lower than it is now. Most traders are focused on just getting to Thursday and turning the page on an underwhelming 2015. 

Tuesday s activity was a reflection of the year, with investors piling into the three top-performing S&P 500 industry groups in 2015 -- consumer discretionary, health-care and technology. Two of the year s worst three, energy and utilities, were the session s biggest laggards.

With today s rally, the benchmark has nearly wiped out a monthly decline after falling as much as 3.6 percent amid a series of sharp selloffs and rallies in December. If the measure closes the year higher, it will be its fourth consecutive annual gain. The index has risen as much as 3.5 percent in 2015 and dropped 9.3 percent at its low in August.

The S&P 500 is now up 1 percent for 2015, having fluctuated between gains and losses throughout December amid moves by central banks, including the Federal Reserve s first interest-rate increase in almost a decade. That compares with a 3 percent drop this year on the MSCI All Country World Index.

Consumer Confidence

While policy makers have forecast the pace of future rate increases to be gradual, they also stressed that the path depends on progress in economic data. A report today showed consumer confidence rebounded in December, putting Americans in the mood to shop during the holiday season. Separate data showed home values in 20 U.S. cities rose at a faster pace in the year ended October.

The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index fell 4.9 percent Tuesday to 16.08. The measure of market turbulence known as the VIX is little changed this month after a 24 percent drop last week erased a gain of as much as 51 percent in December.

All 10 of the S&P 500 s 10 main industries rose, with tech, health-care and consumer discretionary shares increasing at least 1.1 percent. Consumer-staples companies reached an all-time high, propelled by gains in excess of 1.1 percent in Altria Group Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc.

Tech stocks extended a two-day climb, paced by chipmakers. The Philadelphia Semiconductor Index increased 1.2 percent. Cypress Semiconductor Corp. jumped 5.6 percent, while Qualcomm Inc. added 2.6 percent after the company announced new Chinese patent license agreements. Meanwhile, SunEdison Inc. has lost 15 percent in two days after the company released a financing update last week.

Internet Rally

The Nasdaq Internet Index rallied 1.4 percent to take its 2015 climb to 22 percent. The

so-called  FANG  stocks -- Facebook Inc., Amazon, Netflix Inc. and Google s parent Alphabet -- each rose at least 1.2 percent today.

Consumer companies gained 1.1 percent, while the S&P 500 Retailing Index rose 1.7 percent, the highest in three weeks. The measure is also up nearly 27 percent this year, the strongest since 2013. Amazon, Home Depot Inc. and Priceline Group Inc. contributed the most to the group s rally today, while Kohl s increased 3.3 percent to a three-month high.

Buoyed by a gain in biotech companies, health-care stocks jumped 1.2 percent to the highest level since August. The Nasdaq Biotechnology Index climbed 1.8 percent to a three-month high, as Biogen Inc. and Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc. added more than 1.9 percent.

Banks Gain

Banks rebounded after two days of declines. The KBW Bank Index climbed 1 percent, with U.S. Bancorp and Citigroup Inc. rising at least 1.1 percent. Within the broader financial group, Iron Mountain Inc. led with a 3.1 percent increase. The records management company is still down 27 percent this year, the fourth-worst performance in the group.

Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter.

Energy stocks were led by Chesapeake Energy Corp. and Consol Energy Inc. -- the two worst performers in the benchmark this year -- as they added more than 4.7 percent. Transocean Ltd. climbed 3 percent, shaving its December drop to about 12 percent. West Texas Intermediate crude futures rose 2.9 percent as traders counted on another week of declines in U.S. crude inventories to help ease the glut that s pushed prices below $40 a barrel.

Among other companies moving on corporate news, Triumph Group Inc. jumped 19 percent after naming Daniel J. Crowley as chief executive officer, ending a search since April for a new leader for the aerospace parts producer. The shares are on track for their steepest advance in seven years. 
2015-06-24
Google: Class C Problem Needs Major Fixing  Why Google Fiber Is Good For Consumers, Bad For Broadband Service Providers Those changes will likely lead to lower revenue and free cash flow, neither of which is something that investors want to see.

Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Fiber is super fast, and for U.S. consumers who have been powerless to the high prices and slow speeds of broadband internet providers in the past, Fiber is a refreshing change. But more than that, Fiber is disruption, and while it alone may not make or break Google as an investment, it could cause quite a bit of turmoil for others in the broadband industry.

Fiber boasts download speeds of one gigabit per second (Gbps). To put that in perspective, my local service provider, Blue Zoom, charges $80 a month so that I can enjoy peak download speeds of 6 megabits per second (Mbps). To give you an idea of the disconnect between Blue Zoom and Google Fiber, I can download one MP3 file in about 20 seconds. Meanwhile, Google Fiber gets the job done in just three seconds, and that's to download a whopping 100 songs.

Source: adweek.com

In other words, Fiber users can download 100x more songs than me and 7x faster than I can download just one. As a result, Fiber users are going to be more productive than I am, as will cities in general who already have Fiber in place, vs. small towns like mine that rely on local internet service providers where competition is minimal. And to make matters even better for cities that already have Fiber, or worse for competing broadband service providers, Google is charging just $70 per month, or $120 for video and internet. That's cheaper than what I pay for far inferior services.

In essence, it's that increased production at a cheaper price that explains why city officials all throughout the country have bent over backwards to accommodate Google Fiber's requests and to get the service in their area as soon as possible. This includes expedited zoning permits for construction, essentially bypassing the approval process, unprecedentedly requiring that customers pre-enroll in Fiber services so that Fiber can build to demand, and piggybacking the utility poles of existing service providers (like AT&T (NYSE:T) in Austin, TX and Kansas City) to expedite the process.

With that said, Google Fiber is currently in three markets with a plan to enter five more this year. Google has a current expansion plan in place to bring Fiber to 34 total cities during its initial rollout. What that means is that service providers who have managed to keep broadband speeds low (and infrastructure investments at a minimum) with complete control of the market and pricing will have to adapt or lose subscribers. Already, we've seen competitors like Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) (CMCSK), AT&T and CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL) upgrade speeds in many areas to one gigabit per second (Gbps) in order to compete with Fiber. These are the companies with the most resources. Other companies like Frontier (NYSE:FTR), Verizon (NYSE:VZ), and Cincinnati Bell (NYSE:CBB) have taken the route of either defending current pricing/speeds or selling assets.

Nevertheless, it's going to be very hard for any company to really compete with Google Fiber's speeds and pricing. That's mainly because Google doesn't seem consumed with making money from Fiber right now, but rather gaining a large chunk of U.S. households as customers later down the road, a market that's greater than 100 million homes. Goldman Sachs estimated last year that for Google to penetrate half of this market it would cost $70 billion, and if it planned to eventually venture out and compete in smaller towns, thereby covering all of America, it would cost $140 billion. Most likely, it's these increased costs that are largely responsible for Google's higher capital expenditures over the last few years, now totaling $11.5 billion over the last 12 months.

GOOG Capital Expenditures (TTM) data by YCharts

As seen in the chart above, Google's CapEx has increased almost 200% since 2013 while its cash flow compared to CapEx has declined just as rapid. This suggests that Google's cash flow is not growing at the same rate as its CapEx, which should be expected given the expenses associated with Fiber, along with other investments. Nonetheless, Google still has a $50 billion plus advertising business that's highly profitable and while CapEx might be higher now, there's a good chance that Google can collect profits later down the road if it can penetrate a large percentage of that 100 million household market. As for companies like Comcast, Verizon and AT&T, which already create 10% to 30% of their annual revenue from broadband internet and packaged deals that include broadband, the need for higher costs to upgrade speeds and the demand to cut prices will likely be problematic long term.

With that said, how much revenue can it create from those investments? Based on current consumer demand and Google's rate-of-expansion, I think it could very well achieve five million subscribers, as it is entering fairly large markets like Atlanta, Phoenix, Austin and Kansas City. If so, figuring Google's potential revenue from Fiber is rather easy: It charges a flat rate for one speed. So, at $70 per month, Fiber could be a $4 billion a year business for Google, and that's just from the initial expansion.

Furthermore, Google is pursuing various small cities within those large metro areas where internet options are limited. If Google decides to enter larger markets like NYC, Chicago and L.A., it is very possible that Fiber becomes one of the largest internet service providers in the country, with subscribers that match that of AT&T and Comcast based solely on its low price, video inclusion and top-of-the-line speeds.

Still, even if Google could one day match Comcast's subscriber count, having 20 million subscribers, that would only account to $16 billion for Fiber's internet business, maybe more depending on the percentage of users that subscribe to video. To the naked eye, Fiber doesn't seem to have enough upside to support the $140 billion investment that's needed to give Google nationwide coverage. However, Fiber opens a gateway for Google to create revenue in other ways.

One way, by speeding internet speeds substantially, Google can sell more advertisements and can target ads to consumers more effectively by better understanding the consumer's interests. While using Fiber as a means to improve Google's advertising business is very possible, I have another theory in mind.

This theory plays into the future of Google and its reported research in virtual reality, self-driving cars, wireless services, etc. That theory is that Google is attempting to get consumers used to the idea of it being a subscription-based service provider - Google's core site is free of charge, as is Android for consumers.

Therefore, Fiber gets Google into the services/subscription business with the everyday consumer and broadens its reach with businesses. By doing so, Google has a better opportunity to cross-sell products and services later down the road, and even make acquisitions in the wireline, wireless or broadband space later if desired. In other words, Fiber gives Google a lot of options.

With that said, the likes of AT&T and Comcast can match Google in speeds, but it is going to be harder for the companies to match Fiber's price, as a substantial percentage of each company's revenue and profits come from broadband services. As explained above, it doesn't appear that Google is focused on creating large revenue from Fiber alone, whereas revenue and profits are a primary goal of its top competitors. Specifically, about 10% of Verizon's revenue comes from FiOS, and it has 6.7 million total internet subscribers. FiOS crosses through 20 million premises. AT&T's U-Verse is even larger, with 12 million total subscribers, and Comcast is the largest broadband service provider with 22 million. During Comcast's last quarter its broadband business officially became the same size as its cable operations by subscribers, and will likely surpass cable in this coming quarter.

If these companies are forced to lower prices to compete with Fiber, that means lower revenue and if they elect to upgrade infrastructure to match Fiber's Gbps download speeds in each market it will add billions to each company's CapEx based on Goldman's forecast. In other words, lower free cash flow and revenue thanks to Google.

All things considered, as a consumer, I'm thankful for Google Fiber's existence. Unfortunately, I will probably be waiting a while before Fiber comes to my area. But consumers in the three markets that already have Fiber are seeing first hand how Google is not only forcing industry-wide change among competing broadband service providers, but also is saving the consumer money with lower prices. At the end of the day, this is great news for consumers everywhere, but bad news for competing broadband service providers.

Disclosure: I am/we are long T.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. A startup is finally bringing heat-to-power tech in a big way for vehicles Have you ever accidentally brushed against the tailpipe of an idling car? Yep, it's pretty hot. It's estimated that at least half of a vehicle's fuel energy ends up as heat expelled from the tail pipe.

For vehicles on the road, that's a lot of wasted energy. For the various companies, entrepreneurs and researchers exploring ways to capture this waste heat and reuse it, that's a huge opportunity.

One startup in particular, six-year-old Alphabet Energy , seems to be getting close to doing what very few companies have done: commercialize waste heat technology for substantial applications in the automotive industry.

For decades, government labs and universities have been a big force behind developing waste-to-power technology for industry. But the impact has been limited. For example, the idea has been put to use by auto product companies to heat and cool luxury car seats. But the technology has long been considered too expensive to be widely used with car and truck exhaust systems.

Alphabet Energy CEO Matthew Scullin tells Fortune that his company has a new partnership with exhaust system developer Borla, which plans to use Alphabet's devices in its exhaust retrofits. Although Borla is best known for high performance exhaust systems for race cars, the company plans to package and sell Alphabet Energy's tech to companies that operate fleets of vehicles.

Such retrofits could capture 5% to 10% of a vehicle's waste heat and reuse it to increase the vehicle's fuel efficiency. Alphabet Energy's device, called a power module, converts the waste heat from the exhaust into electricity that is then used to reduce or replace the electric generator's load on the engine.

While the improved fuel economy might not be particularly attractive for mainstream car owners, it could be a big deal for companies and organizations that regularly operate trucks, buses and big motor pools. Picture fleets of FedEx vans, city buses, and semi trucks.

A semi that travels 200,000 miles a year could be burning up to $200,000 in fuel annually. With this type of waste heat retrofit, the operator of that semi could save $7,500 per year in fuel costs. Scullin says that the payback time for buying Alphabet Energy's waste-to-heat products tends to be between 18 months and three years.

The automotive industry is a huge and untapped market for this type of energy efficiency technology. Automakers face continuously raised efficiency standards globally, like the ones the Obama administration announced last week . To meet these types of standards, car and truck companies may eventually embed waste to power converters directly into vehicles, but the market is first starting with retrofits.

Alphabet Energy's power modules in its E1, a thermoelectric generator. Photo courtesy of Alphabet Energy.

One of Alphabet Energy's core innovations is getting the cost of the material inside its power modules as low as possible. The materials it uses are called "thermoelectrics," or semiconductors that can convert heat into electricity. Scullin founded the company while at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and has used the latest in material science and nanotechnology to get the costs down.

Over the decades, many thermoelectric materials have been made that use rare and expensive materials, making them prohibitively expensive to use in widespread commercial applications. In contrast, Alphabet Energy is using abundant and low cost materials like tetrahedrite and silicon.

Alphabet Energy is aiming for a sort of "Intel-inside" type of business model for energy-intensive industries. The company recently started selling its devices individually to partners like Borla. Its customers can package them up, use them or resell them to customers like oil and gas companies, the defense industry, and steel manufacturers.

While a vehicle would likely use a single power module, dozens of power modules could be bundled together to capture waste heat from energy-intensive equipment like a big generator. The power modules can capture waste heat from any exhaust stream within a temperature range of 350 to 600 degrees Celsius, and convert it usable electricity.

Because the market is only just emerging for these types of waste heat to power converters, it can be hard for potential customers to picture how they could use the tech. That's partly why Alphabet Energy made an initial product that it started selling last year , called the E1, which packages together 32 power modules and is being used by oil and gas and mining companies to reduce diesel fuel use at remote generators. The company calls it the "world's first industrial scale thermoelectric generator."

While Alphabet Energy is starting to do deals with bigger players like Borla, the company is still a startup and it's backed by money from venture capitalists and strategic partners. Alphabet Energy has raised over $35 million in funding from investors including Canadian natural gas giant Encana, Oakland, Calif.-based venture capital firm Claremont Creek Ventures, the venture arm of TPG, and the CalCEF Clean Energy Angel Fund. Google's 'Sidewalk Labs' First Venture: Free Wi-Fi for NYC Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. Google, GE get the most face time when lobbying the EU The logo of General Electric is pictured at the 26th World Gas Conference in Paris, France, June 2, 2015. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier

A woman hovers a mouse over the Google and European Union logos in Sarajevo, in this April 15, 2015 photo illustration. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic

BRUSSELS Google and General Electric are some of the most active companies lobbying the European Commission, the anti-corruption group Transparency International said on Wednesday.

In a report analyzing meetings held by European Commissioners and their staff with companies and organizations over the last six months, Transparency International found that officials held 29 meetings with the U.S. search engine, which is the subject of two high-profile antitrust cases.

General Electric, which is trying to get EU approval for its bid for Alstom's power division, had 26 meetings with senior officials, according to the report.

"GE is a large industrial and technology company with broad interests that impact healthcare, transportation, consumer products, energy, finance and many other industries. We are also actively engaged with the European Commission on our proposed alliance with Alstom,  GE spokesman Seth Martin said in an emailed statement.

A spokesman for Google said: "As we've said before we want to do a better job of listening to Europe's concerns and explaining how our business works in Europe."

The new EU executive, which took office in November, has pushed for more transparency in its dealings with companies and organizations and has begun publishing details of meetings held by senior officials.

The EU also tracks how much companies and organizations spend on lobbying activities, which is published in its Transparency Register.

Google spent between 3.5-3.8 million euros ($3.92-4.26 million) in lobbying activities last year, according to the register, while GE has not entered an amount for 2014. In 2013, it spent between 3.25-5.5 million euros.

Transparency International's report found that more than 75 percent of meetings were held with corporate lobbyists, compared with 18 percent with non-governmental organizations and four percent with think tanks.

"The evidence of the last six months suggests there is a strong link between the amount of money you spend and the number of meetings you get," said Daniel Freund, a policy officer at Transparency International, referring to the EU's Transparency Register.

Transparency International listed the top 10 organizations by number of meetings, which included environmental campaign groups WWF and Greenpeace.

Officials working in the fields of climate, energy, finance and digital policy got the most attention from lobbyists, Transparency International's report said.

(Reporting by Julia Fioretti. Editing by Jane Merriman) Norway needs more digital border surveillance, spy agency says OSLO Norwegian intelligence agencies should be given wide-ranging permission to gather data from electronic communications to prevent terrorism and espionage, the head of the country's military surveillance agency said on Wednesday.

In an interview with public broadcaster NRK, Lieutenant General Kjell Grandhagen said it was becoming more difficult to uncover threats and that authority to monitor all data traffic as it enters the country was needed to keep the population safe.

"We run a big risk if we don't address this properly and give the intelligence service and the Police Security Service (PST) the necessary tools," Grandhagen said, adding that border checkpoints and customs services must have an online equivalent.

Electronic eavesdropping is allowed to monitor specific threats to national security, but a full-scale mining of all data entering the country would require changes in legislation.

"The big question is whether to allow the digital space to become a free-for-all room for terrorism, foreign intelligence services and organized crime," Grandhagen said.

Norway, a NATO member and a large producer of oil and gas, earlier this year said foreign intelligence services had taken a greater interest in its affairs. It took the unusual step of naming Russia and China among those conducting surveillance.

The PST has also warned that young Norwegian Muslims joining Islamic State in Syria may pose a threat when they come home from the battle field.

But Norway's Data Protection Authority, a public agency policing digital privacy, told NRK the general was asking for unreasonably broad powers.

"This seems like a disproportionate interference of communication compared to what they seek to achieve," Chief Legal Officer Kim Ellertsen said.

(Reporting by Terje Solsvik; Editing by Larry King) 
2015-08-15
Google's Reorganization Under Alphabet: A Move To Prevent 'Genericization?' New York Times columnist James "Jim" Stewart published an article on Thursday titled 'Even in the New Alphabet, Google Keeps Its Capital G,' in which he argued that the key reason behind Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) reorganizing its business under Alphabet could be that it wants to prevent 'genericization' of its brand.

Stewart was on CNBC recently to explain what genericization means and how changing to Alphabet solves that problem for Google.

What Is Genericization

"(Genericization) is the process by which a trademark brand name enters the language and becomes generic. And I didn't even realize this   it's one of the odd things about English and American law   that is, if your brand is so successful that it actually kind of hops over and becomes a generic part of the language, you lose the brand. You lose the trademark. Anybody can use it."

He continued, "It's happened to a lot of words. Even Webster's dictionary is now generic; 'Webster's' is generic for 'dictionary.' So, anybody can put out a Webster's dictionary, even though Encyclopaedia Britannica owns the trademark."

Related Link: What Are The Tax implications For Google's Alphabet?

Google's Problem

"Google has this problem. I assume we all use it. I use it   as a verb, as a verbal, as a participle, as a noun, of course. And that raises the threat that it's going to lose the trademark protection at some point, maybe not in the too distant future. Changing to Alphabet solves that problem to some extent. There's no real danger that 'alphabet' is going to become generic, it already is generic," Stewart concluded.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Google Alphabet James Stewart Jim StewartCNBC Media Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. A Google Dividend Looks Unlikely  
2015-10-20
Is Alphabet Inc.'s Google Already Giving Up on Android TV? It's just over a year old, but Android TV has yet to find much success.

The smart TV platform, launched last year by Alphabet's Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), is the search giant's alternative to the Roku, Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Fire TV, and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) TV. But it hasn't made a dent in terms of market share, and its support has been rather lackluster. As Google's competition ramps up, Android TV could be left behind.

A new Chromecast, but no new Nexus Player

Google is unique among the many tech giants vying for living room supremacy -- it's the only firm actively supporting two distinct smart TV platforms. In addition to Android TV, it also offers Chromecast, the streaming dongle that lets owners beam content to their TV using a paired smartphone, tablet, or PC. Chromecast is inexpensive, and it's proven to be quite popular, but it's not a true set-top alternative, as it lacks a dedicated interface and remote control.

Late last month at a special hardware event, Google announced two new Chromecasts, but did not unveil any new Android TV hardware, putting the platform into a strange predicament this holiday shopping season.

Consumers looking for a set-top box this fall will have many options to choose from, including the recently announced Roku 4, upcoming Apple TV refresh, and the new 4K Fire TV. Google's own Android TV-powered Nexus Player is nearly a year old and doesn't stack up well with these devices.

Graphics card maker NVIDIA launched the Android TV-powered Shield TV this past summer. It's every bit as powerful as its competitors, but it's more expensive. Starting at $199 (and going up to as much as $349) it's more of a video game console-alternative than a streaming set-top box. NVIDIA has used the new Apple TV to highlight its offering, but has yet to disclose just how many units it's actually sold.

An entirely different strategy

Instead, Google appears to be pursuing a different strategy with Android TV. Rather than convince consumers to purchase a dedicated set-top box like Roku, Amazon, or Apple, Google is working to bring Android TV directly to televisions and cable boxes.

Sharp, Sony, TCL, HiSense, and Philips have all signed on to Google's platform. If you purchase a new Sony Bravia TV, there's a good chance it will be powered by Google's operating system. Japan's KDDI and Italy's Telecom Italia have also pledged to use Android TV to power their cable boxes.

Of course, that doesn't cover everyone. Samsung and LG are the market leaders where it comes to TV shipments, and both are currently wed to their own rival smart TV platforms (Tizen for Samsung, webOS for LG). Vizio, a rising star, is also notably absent. Two paid-TV operators is a start, but there are dozens in the U.S. alone.

If Google can make Android TV ubiquitous, consumers may struggle with the prospect of spending money on a dedicated set-top box. If your TV has Android TV built in, why spend an additional $149 on an Apple TV?

But TV replacement cycles are long -- around 6 to 10 years on average. Even if Google manages to win over the bulk of TV manufacturers, it will take years to build a substantial base, leaving ample time for Apple and Amazon to construct compelling ecosystems.

Google isn't giving up on Android TV, but is pursuing a different strategy than its rivals -- a strategy that doesn't necessitate new hardware. Eric Schmidt talks Alphabet, hiring, and company scalability at Stanford ... Speaking to a room full of students in a prestigious Stanford University classroom, Eric Schmidt, executive chairman at Google's new parent company, Alphabet Inc., shed some light on some of the company's inner workings. He discussed everything from scaling to hiring to product successes and failures.

Led by LinkedIn founder Reid Hoffman, along with other big names in tech, Schmidt provided a lot of detailed information and anecdotes, some of which can be found in his book, "How Google Works," co-written in collaboration with Jonathan Rosenburg.

Alphabet

Perhaps most curious were his thoughts on Alphabet, which was revealed back in August as an umbrella company for Google and its many subsidiaries.

On this topic, he begins by saying that Google became so big that it started falling in on itself. Even Steve Jobs criticized Google for "doing too many things." Fortunately, Schmidt claims, Google's size was negligent for quite some time due to having "strong founders and leaders," but even so the organization, or lack thereof, became too much for one company.

"Alphabet is an attempt to build a holding company like Berkshire Hathaway out of an existing operating company," he explained. "It s never been done before."

On scalability

Mentioned frequently was Uber, being used as an example of company scalability. "You've got to have products that can scale," said the former Novell CEO. "What's new is that once you have that product, you can scale very quickly. Look at Uber."

He discussed the work Larry Page and Sergey Brin would conduct behind his back, leading to the developments of both Chrome and Android, both of which Schmidt initially advised against.

"We're not going to do a browser or OS," Eric told them. Six months later, after toying with Firefox and attempting to improve its performance, Larry and Sergey brought to Schmidt a working version of Google Chrome. "Those assholes," he uttered jokingly. "I knew they were going around me."

Then, with AdWords, Schdmit said, a young man named Sal at Google suggested switching from an "as-sold" business model entirely to auctions. "I was so worried that I implemented a cash restriction program," admitted Schmidt. "The day we turned on the auctions, revenue tripled."

On hiring

Of course, since Google doesn't fire anyone, Schmidt suggests that there's a lot to bank on when hiring new employees.

"You don't hire generic people," he advised. "You hire people who have had stress and achievement. The best people to hire are CFOs who've gone bankrupt, because they've been through wars."

He even went as far as to describe a horror story where someone was interviewed 16 times before being denied a position at Google. "You can't just do this to people," Schdmit told the hiring managers. "You're not allowed to interview them more than 8 times."

Fortunately, there's a widely enforced company rule now that engineers can't receive more than 5 interviews while non-engineers max out at 4.

Drawing comparisons to Steve Jobs and Sun Microsystems cofounder Bill Joy, Schmidt supports the notion that companies should hire "divas." He elaborates, "They are a pain in the ass. But the divas that believe will drive the culture."

On the APM program

Marissa Mayer, Schmidt says, contended that engineers should be hired immediately out of college, opting for graduates with technical degrees who didn't want to be programmers.

"She would train them -- take them on trips for weeks -- and it forged these incredibly tight bonds between people who were highly technical and could specify products."



The APM program, it was called, along with other programs like it, led to the hiring of the present Google CEO Sundar Pichai, now-Dropbox CEO Dennis Woodside, and former Google operations executive Shona Brown.

On winning

Schmidt says, and this comes up a lot during the interview, that the reason Google has been so indefinitely successful in its comparatively short life is because it has a strong set of founders. Larry Page and Sergey Brin, he boasts, are both "impressive, smart, passionate, [and] committed."

"The ideal business," Schmidt argues, "is Microsoft -- a monopoly business with hardware competitors who need you, in a growing industry."

You can read the full interview on Medium, courtesy of Chris Yeh. Forrester Research CEO: Risks for Google Alphabet Wells Fargo CFO Says Scandal Costs Will Abate This Year

49:03 - Wells Fargo CFO John Shrewsberry discusses the company's first-quarter earnings and the fallout from the bank's fake-account scandal. He speaks with Bloomberg's Julie Hyman, Joe Weisenthal and Abigail Doolittle on "What'd You Miss?" (Source: Bloomberg) Yahoo signs ad pact with Google; earnings and revenue miss Yahoo Inc (YHOO.O) said on Tuesday it had signed a search advertising deal with Google Inc, providing a potential boost to Marissa Mayer's efforts to turn around the company, which also reported revenue and profit that fell short of market estimates.

The deal with Google, a unit of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), builds on an existing search partnership Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) under which Yahoo gets a percentage of revenue from ads displayed on its sites.

Yahoo, whose shares were down 1.6 percent in after-hours trading, said the companies have agreed to delay implementation of the deal in the United States to allow the antitrust division of the Department of Justice to review it.

Yahoo has been struggling to boost revenue from ad sales in the face of stiff competition from Google and Facebook (FB.O).

The Google deal was one of the few bright spots included in the company's third-quarter results statement.

Yahoo said it expected fourth-quarter revenue of $1.16 billion $1.20 billion, well below the average analyst estimate of $1.33 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Mayer, in her fourth year as chief executive, said the forecast was "not indicative of the performance we want."

"We are also experiencing continued revenue headwinds in our core (advertising) business, especially in the legacy portions," Mayer said on a call with analysts.

MAVENS PERFORM

Yahoo said the proposed spinoff of its 15 percent stake in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N) - a key issue for shareholders - may now close in January.

Yahoo earlier this year sought a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service to confirm whether the transaction, worth about $27 billion currently, would result in a tax obligation. The tax agency denied the request, but Yahoo said it would go ahead with the spinoff by year-end anyway.

Many analysts attribute little value to Yahoo's core business without its Asian assets, which also include a 35 percent stake in Yahoo Japan Corp (4689.T).

Apart from the Google deal, the only other good news came results came from Yahoo's emerging businesses, which Mayer calls Mavens - mobile, video, native and social advertising.

Revenue in that area rose 43 percent to $422 million in the quarter. Native advertising refers to ads that blend into the type and style of the content being viewed.

Excluding items, the company earned 15 cents per share, missing the average analyst estimate of 17 cents.

Revenue after deducting fees paid to partner websites fell to $1.0 billion from $1.09 billion, and the company forecast a drop to $920 million-$960 million in the current quarter.

Traffic acquisition costs, the amount Yahoo spends to attract users to its websites, jumped to $223 million in the quarter from $54 million a year earlier.

GAAP revenue rose 6.8 percent to $1.23 billion, falling short of the average analyst estimate of $1.26 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Through Tuesday's close of $32.83, Yahoo's shares had lost 35 percent this year.

(Reporting by Lehar Maan in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Arathy S Nair; Editing by Ted Kerr) GoPro Inc. Juices Up Its Media Efforts With Awards GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO) wants to pay users to create great content. Under the new GoPro Awards program, the company will pay $500 for photos, $1,000 for uncut videos, and $5,000 for a fully edited video that showcase interesting content. GoPro has allocated $5 million to fund these awards over the next year.

In exchange, GoPro gets to promote the content through its video channels and social media sites. Offering cash awards for interesting content might initially seem like an odd strategy, but it actually serves GoPro's marketing and media ambitions fairly well.

Viral videos as a marketing tool

GoPro relies heavily on videos uploaded to its YouTube and social media channels to promote its cameras. Last quarter, its YouTube subscriber base grew 40% to 3.1 million and its Instagram subscribers surged 140% to 5.8 million. The GoPro Channel can also be viewed on Xbox consoles, Roku devices, Virgin America flights, and other networks.

Zander Lurie, GoPro's Senior VP of Media, recently told Fortune that GoPro Awards let the company "reward community members who are doing cool things with our cameras." The more videos that go viral, the more cameras GoPro sells, and the less it needs to spend on traditional advertising.

For $5 million, GoPro could buy the rights to 10,000 photos, 5,000 uncut videos, or 1,000 edited videos. Each of those photos or videos could be seen millions of times. The most popular video on GoPro's YouTube channel, this promotional video for the HERO3, has been watched nearly 40 million times.

That's definitely a more economical choice than advertising on TV. According to Variety's estimates, $5 million would only be enough to buy 10 30-second spots on the latest season of The Walking Dead, which drew in 14.6 million viewers during its season premiere. Viewers also generally pay more attention to viral GoPro videos, which they choose to watch, than TV commercials, which are passively broadcast.

Streamlining sharing efforts

In the past, sharing GoPro videos was a cumbersome task that required transferring a video file to a computer, editing it, and then uploading it. Earlier this year, CEO Nick Woodman said a GoPro camera was like "an iPod without iTunes," but stated that the new mobile apps and an upcoming cloud platform would streamline the process.

That's why GoPro has been emphasizing Wi-Fi connectivity and smartphone- or smartwatch-based controls over on-camera features. That's also the reason it launched the tiny HERO4 Session as a no-frills extension of the smartphone. New "trim and share" features in its mobile app also make it easier to directly share videos to Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube and other social networks.

In addition to making it easier to record, trim, and share content, GoPro is also encouraging users to sell professional quality content to advertisers through its content licensing portal. In exchange for connecting advertisers to creators, GoPro takes an undisclosed cut of the ad revenues. Winning photos and videos chosen through GoPro Awards will also be featured in this portal, and any earnings will be split with the creator.

This content platform will also likely complement GoPro's partnership with Alphabet's Google. Earlier this year, Google launched Jump, a virtual reality "ecosystem" for capturing 360-degree videos with the 16-camera Odyssey rig it built with GoPro. Content creators can use Jump to stitch those videos together and share the finished VR video on YouTube. If GoPro launches a GoPro Awards category for VR content, it could sell more VR rigs and YouTube would gain more 360-degree content.

But can GoPro evolve into a media company?

Encouraging users to create more high-quality GoPro videos builds brand awareness, but it's unclear if the company can turn these videos into a pillar of growth. Nonetheless, the company has hired plenty of high-profile media veterans over the past year to beef up its media business.

Lurie told Fortune that GoPro was "uniquely positioned" because unlike Instagram, Vine, and YouTube, the company has "millions of people who have our capture devices and pursue their passion." That may be true, but there's no clear way to monetize the GoPro Channel beyond sales of premium content to advertisers. Any revenue generated there could easily be offset by expenses for hiring professionals to produce original content or doling out awards.

Therefore, it's unlikely GoPro will ever use revenues from the GoPro Channel to offset potential declines in camera sales. Instead, it should be considered a way to reduce marketing expenses and reach more people than traditional ads. The media platform can also be used to promote GoPro's new VR and drone efforts, and it could act as a promotional reel to attract more partnerships with companies and Hollywood studios.

The key takeaway

Investors should see GoPro's media expansion as an ecosystem and marketing strategy rather than a revenue-generating one. GoPro Awards and the content licensing portal could spur the production of high-quality GoPro videos, which have a higher probability of going viral. That, in turn, might convince more customers to buy more GoPro cameras to produce and share their own content. Steve Ballmer Buys 4% of Twitter Inc.: Is It Time to Sell? Shares of Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) bounced nearly 4% on Oct. 16 after former Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) CEO Steve Ballmer announced that he had bought a 4% stake in the social network. The investment makes him the third largest individual investor in Twitter after co-founder Evan Williams, who owned 6.9% as of August, and Saudi Prince al-Waleed bin Talal, who owned over 5% as of October. Returning co-founder and CEO Jack Dorsey only owns about 3%. In a tweet, Ballmer praised Dorsey for making the company "leaner" and "more focused."

Some investors saw the tech veteran's investment as a huge vote of confidence for the struggling social network, but others weren't so sure. After all, Ballmer repeatedly dismissed dangerous competitors, missed technological shifts, and made bad investments during his 14 years as Microsoft's CEO. Therefore, is Ballmer's investment in Twitter actually a contrarian warning to sell this stock? Or has Ballmer matured as a tech investor without the pressures of being Microsoft's CEO clouding his outlook?

Ballmer's made mistakes ...

To understand how Ballmer thinks, we should look back at his biggest investments as Microsoft's CEO. Back in 2007, Microsoft acquired aQuantive, a digital advertising company, to compete against Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google. Unfortunately, Google was already too deeply entrenched in that market. In 2012, Microsoft wrote off $6.2 billion of the $6.3 billion acquisition.

When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) launched the first iPhone in 2007, Ballmer mocked its price tag and declared that it wouldn't "appeal to business customers because it doesn't have a keyboard." He then boasted that Microsoft was selling "millions and millions and millions of phones" and that Apple wouldn't gain "any significant market share." Today, iPhones account for 14% of all smartphones worldwide, according to IDC. Windows Phones account for less than 3%.

After Google launched Android in 2008, Ballmer still didn't respond to demand for touch smartphones and mobile apps. Instead, the company waited until 2010 to release Windows Phone 7, its first multitouch mobile OS. By then, iOS and Android had dedicated user bases that prevented Windows Phone from gaining traction. In response, Ballmer bought Nokia's handset business for $9.5 billion. That effort flopped, and Ballmer's successor, Satya Nadella, had Microsoft take a writedown of over $7.6 billion on the business.

But Ballmer "gets" social

Those acquisitions are often cited as examples of Ballmer's inability to see the forest for the trees. However, most critics don't give Ballmer enough credit for making smart social media investments.

In 2007, Microsoft bought a 1.6% stake in Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) for $240 million. Many critics mocked Ballmer's investment at the time, since it valued the fledgling social network at $15 billion. Today, Facebook has a market cap of $275 billion. In Facebook's pre-IPO days, Microsoft and Facebook collaborated on advertising and search initiatives. However, Microsoft sold some of its position after Facebook's IPO in 2012, which gave it less clout to negotiate partnerships. Nonetheless, the investment is now remembered as one of Ballmer's smartest moves as CEO.

In 2011, Microsoft bought Skype for $8.5 billion. At the time, it didn't make much sense since most users didn't pay for Skype. But today, it has 300 million active users worldwide and has become Microsoft's answer to Apple's iMessage and FaceTime. It's unclear if Skype is profitable, but Ballmer recognized it as a growing social tool which enhanced Windows.

In 2012, Microsoft bought Yammer, an enterprise social network, for $1.2 billion. A year after the acquisition, total subscribers rose 55% annually to 8 million. Ballmer, realizing that Office 365 needed a social component for collaboration, integrated Yammer into the cloud-based productivity suite with a single sign-on platform.

So, what does that mean for Twitter?

Steve Ballmer might have a lousy track record with mobile devices, but he's had a better eye for social networking and communication tools. Therefore, I don't think Ballmer's investment in Twitter is a contrarian indicator to sell the stock.

However, I also don't think bullish confidence is justified, either. Twitter still faces daunting challenges ahead in streamlining its platform with Project Lightning, spurring mainstream interest, and getting advertisers to pay more for more clicks. Dorsey made a smart opening move by renewing the company's priorities and cutting jobs, but I'd like to see a few quarters of sustainable improvement before buying any shares. Google Discloses More Search Data to Woo Retailers Google SVP of Advertising and Commerce Sridhar Ramaswamy shows off Google's new Shopping Insights product for the first time at the WSJDLive 2015 conference in Laguna Beach, Calif.

Google is offering retailers an unusual peek at its lucrative search data to boost its Shopping advertising service.

The Alphabet Inc. unit on Tuesday unveiled a Shopping Insights tool that shows the products people are searching for in more than 16,000 U.S. cities and towns. The initial version covers over 5,000 products on sale through its Shopping ad service and is updated monthly. Over time, the company said it will add more... 
2015-03-17
LG Electronics to move Thailand TV production to Vietnam - executive LG Electronics' company logo is displayed at their news conference at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas January 7, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking

BANGKOK South Korea's LG Electronics Inc, the world's second largest television maker after Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, will soon shift its TV production in Thailand to Vietnam for logistical ease and efficiency, said a top executive at its Thai unit.

The group wants to have one regional base with new machines for TV production comparable with those at its South Korea plants, Nipon Wongsaengarunsri, marketing director of LG Electronics (Thailand) Co, told Reuters in a telephone interview late on Monday.

"Our parent company has considered Vietnam as the most worthwhile country to invest in. Wages are one factor... but the main one is to ensure quality, as well as logistics," he said.

LG produces about 600,000 television sets a year in Thailand worth 8 billion baht (164 million pounds), with 100,000 sets for exports, Nipon said.

Most materials are brought from China and assembled in Thailand but it takes several weeks to ship them there, while the China-to-Vietnam route takes less than a week, he said.

"We will move to Vietnam from late-April to early May," he said.

LG in Indonesia would also gradually shift its TV production over the same period, he added.

An LG Electronics spokeswoman in Seoul said LG's TV production is small in Thailand, so the shift would enhance efficiency as the company was integrating its two Vietnam plants into one.

LG got approval for a $1.5 billion investment in Vietnam to produce and assemble electrical and electronics goods in October 2013, according to the country's investment ministry website.

The spokeswoman said no decision had been taken on Indonesia.

Nipon said about 200 workers for TV production in Thailand would be reassigned to other operations at its Rayong plant, some 109 miles (176 km) from Bangkok.

LG (Thailand) has about 2,000 workers and it will continue to produce other products, including washing machines and air conditioners, Nipon said.

He said demand for electrical appliances in Thailand was expected to rise by 4-5 percent this year after a fall of about 10 percent last year, when months of political unrest hurt confidence and domestic consumption.

(Additional reporting by Hyunjoo Jin in Seoul and Mai Nguyen in Hanoi; Editing by Prateek Chatterjee) Apple Inc's iPhone Could Unlock This $71 Billion Market Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) could soon launch an iPhone dock as the central hub of its HomeKit smart home initiative, according to a new patent application published by the USPTO.

The patent application, initially filed in 2013, reveals designs for a dock equipped with a Lightning connector, proximity sensors for gesture controls, a touch-sensitive display, Wi-Fi, and support for wirelessly charging accessories. That's a big step up from Apple's older iPhone docks, which are basically simple charging stands.

A new dock isn't newsworthy on its own, but the new features suggest that a docked iPhone or iPad could be used as a smart home hub as well as a charging station for the Apple Watch. It also explains why Apple hasn't launched a dedicated dock for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus yet. Therefore, let's take a moment to revisit what we know about HomeKit, and how a new dock fits seamlessly into those plans.

The $71 billion opportunity

In "smart homes", most doors, windows, lights, appliances, and other home objects will eventually be controlled by machine-to-machine connections. Juniper Research expects revenues generated by smart home services to soar from $33 billion in 2013 to $71 billion in 2018.

That makes it a great market for Apple and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), the top smartphone OS makers in the world, to expand into. Apple's platform, HomeKit, will synchronize smart lightbulbs, locks, power outlets, and other objects with iOS devices.

Google's smart home hub is Nest, the "smart thermostat" it acquired for $3.2 billion last year. Google further expanded that ecosystem by acquiring Wi-Fi webcam maker Dropcam and smart home platform developer Revolv. Not to be left out, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) acquired Internet of Things (IoT) company SmartThings for $200 million last year, and subsequently unveiled a central hub for compatible smart home devices.

Why hubs matter

Apple, Google, and Samsung all value the smart home and IoT markets because they can turn mobile devices into universal remote controls for their homes. Although most smart home device makers support multiple platforms, consumers will likely rely on single hubs and app ecosystems to simplify the home automation process.

Until now, Apple TV was expected to be HomeKit's primary hub, because it wasn't usually taken outside of the home network like the iPhone or iPad. Widespread rumors also suggest that iPhone and iPad owners could use Siri to connect to Apple TV and control their homes from outside the home network.

The problem with that plan is that Apple TVs are nowhere near as popular as iPhones and iPads. Apple recently announced that it had sold 25 million Apple TVs since 2007, up from 20 million last April.

By comparison, Apple sold 74.5 million iPhones and 21.4 million iPads last quarter. Apple TV only controlled 17% of the U.S. streaming device market in 2014, trailing in third place behind Roku and Chromecast, according to Parks Associates. That combination of slow sales and mediocre market share doesn't make it the ideal HomeKit hub.

But if iPhone and iPad owners consider the rumored "super dock" to be an essential accessory, its sales could quickly surpass the Apple TV, giving HomeKit much firmer roots to grow from.



Let's not get ahead of ourselves yet

As most Apple investors know, Apple rumors and patents are a dime a dozen. However, the idea of a wirelessly connected smart dock replacing Apple TV as HomeKit's main hub makes a lot of sense.

In my opinion, Apple will likely launch the dock earlier if Apple TV sales remain sluggish. That's probably why Apple lowered its price from $99 to $69 and signed an exclusive deal with Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) to launch HBO Now. If Apple TV sales perk up, it will probably launch a more spartan dock first to see if HomeKit's growth can keep boosting set-top box sales.

Therefore, it might be a long time before Apple's IoT "super dock" arrives, but it casts the spotlight on a market that investors shouldn't overlook -- the $71 billion smart home market. Facebook Inc.'s Partnership With Intel Corporation Bodes Well for Microservers Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) recently unveiled a new system on a chip, or SoC, "microserver" platform powered by Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) new 14-nanometer Xeon D processors at its Open Compute Project Summit in San Jose, Calif. The Xeon D is Intel's first server chip based on the Broadwell microarchitecture.

Microservers are small, low-power servers that perform a specific task such as loading the background images of a Web page. This allows companies to only purchase the processing power they need. By comparison, companies that purchase traditional servers might overpay for unused computing power.

The business of microservers

IDC believes microservers could account for 10% of the global server market by 2016, up from just 0.2% in 2011. Today, Intel's Xeon E3 and Atom C2000 SoCs are installed in many low-end microservers, but they only account for a tiny sliver of its data center business, which generated $14.4 billion in revenue last year.

However, investors should keep an eye on this growing niche market. Speaking to PC Magazine, Pund-IT analyst Charles King noted that the Xeon D "delivers delivers significantly higher performance-per-node and performance-per-watt than Intel's previous Atom-based SoCs." King said he believes that advantage makes the Xeon D SoC a "highly compelling and competitive solution for companies like Facebook."

Intel is widening its defensive moat

In addition to Intel's Xeon D SoCs, Facebook is also installing microserver SoCs based on ARM Holdings' (NASDAQ:ARMH) new 64-bit designs.

AMD (NASDAQ:AMD), Hewlett-Packard (NYSE:HPQ), and Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) are among the companies supporting ARM-based server designs. Last July, AMD unveiled its first ARM-based Opteron processor. In September, HP installed 64-bit ARM-based "enterprise class" chips from Applied Micro Circuits and Texas Instruments in its ProLiant MoonShot microservers. Qualcomm, the top SoC maker in the mobile market, announced in November its intentions to enter the the ARM server market.

Intel's x86 chips still power 98.5% of servers worldwide, according to IDC. But if AMD, HP, Qualcomm, and other players align themselves with ARM, Intel's share could slip as major Web companies such as Facebook, Amazon.com, and Google keep upgrading to microservers instead of traditional servers.

ARM believes this momentum will help it claim up to 10% of the global server market by 2017. In response, Intel is widening its defensive moat with higher-performance microserver SoCs.

Why Facebook's opinion matters

As Web giants such as Facebook and Google grow, increasing the power efficiency of Web-facing servers has become a top priority. That's why Facebook founded Open Compute Project, or OCP, in 2011: to crowdsource ideas for server chassis, rack, and computing hardware designs to improve power efficiency at its data centers.

Speaking at OCP in 2013, Frank Frankovsky, Facebook's vice president of hardware design and supply chain operations, declared that ARM "has the potential to radically increase the amount of compute power we can get from the energy we consume and the money we spend." That statement was a major vote of confidence for ARM's microserver aspirations. But at the same time, Facebook still believed enough in Intel's Xeon D processors to co-develop the aforementioned microserver platform -- code-named "Yosemite" -- with the chipmaker.

However, other Web companies could follow Facebook's example and support ARM and Intel-powered microservers, which would be a boon for ARM's partners but a bane for Intel.

Future opportunities for Xeon D

Xeon D chips are designed for microservers, but they could also eventually be installed in robots, which will require more processing power for tougher industrial tasks such as manufacturing and quality control.

Xeon-powered microservers will also play a role in the Internet of Things, since interconnected devices will require more specialized processing power. IDC expects global spending on IoT tech and services to climb from $4.8 trillion in 2012 to $8.9 trillion in 2020.

Lastly, investors should remember that current-generation Xeon D chips still have a fixed set of components. In the second half of this year, Intel will launch custom Xeon D chips based on customer specifications for more versatile microservers.

The key takeaways

The Facebook and Intel microserver partnership is a boon for both companies. Facebook can improve the efficiency of its data centers, which will improve site loading times while cutting expenses. Meanwhile, Intel gains a valuable vote of confidence for the Xeon D in microservers, which will help it widen its defensive moat against ARM. 
2015-09-11
Google And Twitter To Launch Joint Venture, Compete With Facebook Re/Code is reporting that Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) are working together on a joint venture that would compete with Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) Instant Articles. While both Google and Twitter have declined to comment Re/Code has broken stories in advance of official commentary before and I believe this lead to be credible. That said, this is a meaningful development in the content universe and one that could have far reaching implications based on the size and capacity of the joint venture participants. Let's break it down.

First, this is an acknowledgement that Facebook is the biggest individual threat to both Twitter and Google's business models. Maybe not right now, maybe not as-is - but this is an acknowledgement that a threat (Facebook's growing ever more all-inclusive platform) is growing stronger and if nothing is done about it that threat could become too strong to unseat. The fact that Google and Twitter are the companies doing the acknowledging is powerful. Don't understate what this means symbolically and what this means literally. This is indicative of the tectonic shift in content marketing taking place, one that sees Facebook emerging stronger and stronger. If you haven't yet, you should take notice of this shift as the formerly broken up content marketing land masses are seemingly coming together in a Pangea which Facebook will have majority ownership over.

Both Google and Twitter (Twitter especially with Facebook recently entering the real-time market) are trying to combat Facebook's growing ownership of the content/content marketing space. Facebook, as alluded to above, now has a competitive (if not leading) presence across the entire content ecosystem. Very recently Facebook's announcement of Instant Articles was the latest shot fired in the arms race to aggregate the most content or in the race to refer users to the most content. Both are platform value-prop drivers, illustrators and visibility enhancers that will not be taken back easily once acquired. Regarding Facebook's acquisition of both - according to traffic analytics firm Parse.ly Facebook is now the leading traffic source for news sites, passing Google. Don't think this isn't something that Google has taken notice of - I can assure it has.

That said, in an effort to slow the growing juggernaut and to give a second option to the current Instant Article monopoly that Facebook owns (yes, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has a similar service but it isn't expected to aggregate like Facebook) Google and Twitter will look to deploy an open source publishing tech that will offer an Instant Article-like service to those willing to take it. Even better for publishers, neither Google nor Twitter will look to host the content - a big difference between the open source project and Instant Articles at Facebook. Why does this matter? A few reasons.

First, the Google/Twitter option (which hasn't been branded yet) won't alter the ad structure of the Instant Article-like display. This means the original ads slated for display on the article being shown remain untouched, as intended. That matters to the content creator. Second, this gives publishers a way to begin to fragment a growing dependence on Facebook-hosted content. Becoming essentially indentured by Facebook is scary for publishers to say the least in that this obviously reduces negotiating power to zero. Publishers are currently fighting the "should I or shouldn't I" question when it comes to leaning even further into their already most important platform. Facebook hasn't "turned" on the publishers yet, and there's no indication it would use its powers for evil, but it more than stands to reason that it could considering its reach and importance.

Re/Code is reporting that the Google/Twitter JV is launching with a small contingent of early adopters "in the fall," so we'll have to wait and see exactly what this Instant Article-like service will look like and how it will be received before making final judgments. One thing is for sure though, this JV could be the beginning of a long line of JVs between these two shared interest parties. Twitter does a few things that Google doesn't and clearly that statement is true in reverse. I think that the model layover potential between the two, which has been speculated on at exhaustive length in the now tired Google/Twitter M&A speculation of past, could yield some really, really interesting spinoffs if this product launch goes well. It might (prepare the tar and feathers) even lead to an eventual M&A opportunity. In any case, this is a development I'll be following very, very closely.

Good luck everybody.

Disclosure: I am/we are long FB, TWTR.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Why Google Wants Its Play Store In China Google is allegedly willing to submit its Play Store to China's stringent censorship rules.

Google is reported to be negotiating with authorities regarding the opening of its Play app store in China.

Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is allegedly negotiating with authorities over the possibility of introducing a toned-down version of its Play Store in China. This special Android marketplace for China will supposedly comply with China's censorship requirements.

Google previously abandoned its search engine operations in Mainland China in 2010 over its refusal to submit to censorship overview. Sergey Brin's personal decision to pull Google out of Mainland China is now apparently taking a backseat to the overall future welfare of Google's shareholders.

Brin's decision to remove Google's search engine services in 2010 incurred the wrath of China's ruling body. In retaliation, China's government blocked Google Mobile Services in early 2010. As a result from this snafu, Google never got to establish an app store for Chinese Android device users.

It could be a long-term tailwind if Sundar Pichai could persuade China to welcome back Google. A special Android marketplace in China is only possible if Pichai can negotiate a lift on the ban on Google Mobile Services.

Better Late Than Never

The special Google Play Store for China will reportedly launch in November and it will have the backing of major OEMs like Huawei. Future Android devices from Huawei intended for China will get pre-installed with this localized App Store from Google.

As a move to minimize censorship disputes, the China Google Play Store will not sell media products like movies, TV show episodes, or music. My takeway is that Google now wants to profit from China's booming mobile games industry.

As we can see from Newzoo's chart below, China has emerged as the top market for mobile games. China's Android gamers are estimated to contribute $3.6 billion - or 12% of the total global Android gaming revenue for this year.

(Source: Newzoo)

The estimated $3.6 billion that Chinese Android gamers will spend this year is another huge missed opportunity for Google. Android devices dominate in China but Google is not benefiting from this advantage of superior number.

There are now 366 million mobile gamers in China and most of them likely use an Android phone or tablet. However, due to Brin's decision in 2010, most Android devices in China lack Google Mobile Services or access to the official global Google Play Store.

Google is also obviously late to the party, other companies have exploited Brin's 2010 decision. Local firms Tencent (OTCPK:TCEHY) and Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) now lead the Android apps store industry in Mainland China. Allowing Chinese authorities to supervise sales and distribution of Android apps from Google's official app store is a necessary evil.

(Source: Vungle)

Xiaomi and Huawei, two leading global Android product vendors, are now also major players in China's Android app economy. Google has no choice but to drop its moral objection (to censorship) for the sake of its long-term growth.

China is very important to Google's future. As of 2014, the combined number of downloads from Baidu and Tencent's Chinese app stores are now greater than that of Google Play Store's global downloads.

(Source: Digi-Capital.com)

Not only China offers a bigger population of mobile gamers, the average revenue from paying Chinese mobile gamers has now also surpassed that of Americans, $32.46 vs. $26.72.

China As Mobile Advertising Growth Driver

China's contribution to Google is not only through app store purchases. There is also the matter of mobile advertising. The current ban on Google's core services in China has allowed Baidu to emerge as a major challenger in global search advertising.

Mobile is the future of advertising and this also applies to search ad spending. Baidu and Sohu are Chinese competitors that are benefiting from Google's absence in China. Launching a Play Store might lead to Google reviving its mobile search engine ad services in China as an equalizer to Baidu's threat.

With the approval of censors, Google can incorporate its ad services inside Android apps downloaded from its China Android marketplace. Nine out of 10 Chinese people are receptive to mobile advertising. Interstitial video ads on freemium Android games are the most favored among Chinese mobile device users.

(Source: Vungle)

App install advertising is a booming market for mobile advertisers. Players who cannot afford to pay for in-app purchases can receive premium items by watching video ads on mobile games. App install advertising brought in $6 billion in sales last year.

Google now has the opportunity to enter China's mobile ads business before Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) does. App install on mobile devices is a huge chunk of Facebook's advertising revenue.

Final Thoughts

GOOGL is a Buy. The alleged willingness to submit to the whims of Chinese government censorship indicates a more shareholder-friendly management. Human rights issues should never override the long-term welfare of investors.

Google earns a 30% commission from Play Store purchases. Establishing an official censorship-laden Google app store in the world's biggest market for Android apps is justified.

Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) surging App Store business in China should be strong motivation for Google to really work hard in getting back to China as soon as possible. Unlike Google, Apple has no search engine platform to offer to Chinese mobile advertisers and app developers.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL, FB.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Why I Bought Shares of GoPro Inc Stock Last Week I don't own a GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO), and I'm not an expert in the technology that has made the tiny cameras a smashing success. And yet, last week, after it fell over 30% from its August highs, I devoted over 2% of my family's real-life holdings to GoPro stock.

Some might argue -- fairly -- that making such a decision without more due diligence is (small f) foolish. But there are a few underappreciated traits of GoPro that make it a very compelling stock for me. Read below to find out why, and see if you agree.

A history of success

Every year, I do a thorough review of my retirement portfolio. This year, I noticed something striking: my best performing stocks all shared a key characteristic -- they were all led by founders/CEOs. But the similarities didn't stop there:

Most of these founders owned a significant percentage of the company's stock (over 10%).

The companies had optionality -- an ability to expand in new and innovative ways as time went on.

Most have missions that go far beyond simply making money.

The largest of these positions are in companies like Amazon, Baidu, Starbucks, Alphabet, and Facebook. When I broke these (founder-led) stocks out to measure how they performed, the results were astounding. Over the past six years, this cohort has returned an average of 19.5% per year, besting the S&P 500 by over 6 percentage points.

Why GoPro stock fits this mold

Spurred by the GoPro's 30% fall over the past month, I started digging into the company. I liked what I saw.

Founder Nick Woodman still runs the company as the CEO. He also owns 89% of the company's Class B shares, and retains roughly three-quarters of GoPro stock's voting power. Shareholders can rest assured knowing that Woodman is just as incentivized to make GoPro a long-term winner as they are.

In addition, Woodman is clearly trying to build the type of company that can be transformational. The company's mission is to "help people capture and share their lives' most meaningful experiences with others -- to celebrate them together."

I have a feeling that such a goal means that the GoPro we see today may look very different from the GoPro that exists ten years from now, while accomplishing the same fundamental goal.

For reference, consider how Amazon's Jeff Bezos' goal was to create a company with the best customer service on the planet. Such a goal has given Amazon the option of expanding far beyond books, with its tentacles stretching into every imaginable corner of retail.

GoPro's foray into GoPro Original Productions and the channel that it hosts on its website are evidence that what we could be seeing is the start of an unorthodox, semi-vertically integrated production company.

Culture trumps, always

Finally, from the evidence that's available for me to view, it seems like Woodman is doing a great job of building the type of culture at his company that can produce greatness over time. According to the site Glassdoor.com, GoPro is in the upper-echelon of workplaces.

If we back up and look at the bigger picture, you can see why -- even without expertise in the field -- I think it's worth devoting a small part of my portfolio to this company: it is founder-led, with a mission that could carry it far beyond where it is today and a workforce that is motivated to help the company get there.

Over the next 12 months, revenue is expected to grow 23%. Currently trading for just 20 times forward earnings, I think investors have an opportunity to get in on a quality company at a more-than-fair price. Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Plus Is Getting Some New Features Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Plus is getting new features even though the social media experiment has not worked out so well for them since it debuted a few years back. Google is still updating it, even though they have already said they will change things and even admitted recently that it confused users.

A lot of people think Google Plus is disappearing soon, but that is not the case, the search giant is still adding new features to it. The company just added one of them without saying a word. The number of people who still use it may have noticed that before the update they could not share something outside of it.

The new share option was added without any announcements and allows sharing outside the app. People first noticed it after the change was reported on Monday. The new feature can only be used through the Google Plus app.

That wasn t the only addition, Google also put in Google Plus Collections. This feature can be only be used through iOS devices, which was confirmed by a blog post from the search giant. iOS users who still go on the Google Plus app can add images and conversations to their feeds.

But why is Google spending its time on these new features? A few weeks ago, many thought Google Plus was on its way out after the company separated some apps from the service. Google Plus will soon be completely gone from YouTube and they are no longer requiring users to create an account there. Photos and Hangouts were recently turned into stand alone apps.

The biggest change of them all seems to be the YouTube one. Google Plus was not welcomed by users of the video site when it was introduced a few years back.

Alphabet and Android 6.0

Google has been working hard on its new parent company, Alphabet, and its new operating system Android 6.0 Marshmallow. We don t know much about Alphabet but what we do know is that Android 6.0 will be coming very soon. Google Plus will be featured there too according to a recent update, which said the service was being prepared for the upgrade.

Android users can t wait to try out the new operating system since Lollipop is getting kind of old now. Not a lot is known about the upcoming operating system but according to the Know Your Mobile site, it will be coming with the 2015 Nexus handset. The site also says Google will probably announce the new Nexus phones at the end of this month. Several leaks have already shown what the devices could look like when the search giant finally announces them. One of the devices is said to come with a 5.7 inch display alongside a Snapdragon 810 CPU and 3GB of RAM, as well as a really good front and back camera.

Do you use Google Plus? If so, what makes you keep coming back? Let us know in the comments.



 
2015-12-31
Should Alphabet Inc (GOOG) be Afraid of Yahoo and Microsoft? ComScore Says Yes Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) owned Google is facing the risk of losing its search market share to Microsoft and Yahoo as the two are gradually eating away its share, claims data from ComScore. Even though the gap is still vast, at least according to ComScore, bothMicrosoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Yahoo are investing millions of dollars to narrow the gap as soon as possible.

The battle has been going on for a very long time. Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Google once shared the world of search almost equally. Marketers split their efforts and advertising dollars between the two giants. Today, the vast majority of search marketing budget is focused on Google. And although ComScore data shows one thing, marketers see another. Marketers spend their time and money where they believe it will bring the greatest results and today that place is still Google. Google continues to flourish while Yahoo and Bing continue to struggle in the world of search.

Microsoft, Yahoo catching on   sort of



In November 2014, Google accounted for 67% of market share while Microsoft and Yahoo were at 19.5% and 10.3% respectively. And, in 2015, this share dwindled to 64% for Google versus 21% for Microsoft and 12.5% for Yahoo.

In the 3Q15, Yahoo spent around $223m to drive more traffic to its web portal. This was four times to what the firm spent last year. At the same time, Yahoo has a deal with Mozilla s Firefox browser to keep Yahoo as a default search engine. Yahoo had 17.3% market share in 2011, but over time it kept falling to Microsoft s Bing gradually.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

The launch of Windows 10 has helped Microsoft to hit the second position in 2015. The tech firm earned 20% of its search revenue from the Windows 10 devices that are presently in use by over 110m users. Android-driven devices account for 51% market share in the US while Microsoft s Windows Mobile has a market share of just 3%, claims ComScore

Alphabet vs. Oracle

For several years now, Google (now Alphabet) and Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) have been in a lawsuit that has the potential of impacting the entire software industry in a big way. Now, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has made a brilliant move indicating that the firm is either preparing for a worst-case scenario or it is making an attempt to simply out-wit Oracle.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has decided on removing the parts of Android that it is in dispute with Oracle. The internet firm will now switch to an open source alternative. Even though Oracle is still in the control of that alternative, Alphabet is legally allowed to use it, says a report from VentureBeat.

The lawsuit revolves around Alphabet s use of a part of a programming language called Java. Oracle is claiming that Alphabet (then Google) has illegally used part of Java in the Android. Alphabet agrees that it took the Java APIs for Android, but claims APIs are not copyright-able. Google 2016 Outlook: The Changing Face Of TV As We Know It Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) 2016 will likely to be characterized as the year of YouTube. Although the core search business will likely to remain the cash cow for GOOG, video advertising and subscription service will be the key drivers for GOOG as YouTube leverages its 1b+ viewer base. I see several drivers supportive of my view.

First, the macro picture certainly favors YouTube. The trend of cord-cutting and cord-shaving is irreversible as viewership and engagement migrate to digital channels. This secular tailwind favors video distribution platform that have a broad spectrum of content capable of attracting various audiences. In addition, the growing penetration of smartTVs globally with YouTube as a pre-installed channel app is also driving YouTube penetration higher, allowing GOOG to steal more ad dollars away from TV. While the trend of ad dollars shifting from traditional media to digital media is well-documented by the analyst community, it is worth noting that magazine and newspapers have suffered the most within traditional media as content shifts online. However, TV is holding its ground with 1-2% ad dollar growth/year given its large viewership and the growth from emerging markets where TV penetration is still low when compared with developed nations. That said, TV remains the largest untapped market within traditional media and this area represents the most attractive growth area for internet companies as they aggressively focus on online video distribution by creating large-scale, brand-based ad campaigns and leveraging existing user bases to attract advertisers, in my view.

Secondly, the trend towards digital content distribution has accelerated in recent year with the rise of Hulu, Amazon's Prime Video, Dish's Sling TV and Sony's PlayStation Vue in addition to Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX). The growing variety of OTT services will continue to drive the cord-shaving/cutting trend, driving TV subs onto digital platforms. With YouTube recently introducing its own premium service and is actively looking for streaming rights to make its library competitive to that of NFLX, I think YouTube has sufficient resources to differentiate from the other OTT platforms with original content or YouTube expert channels such as the ones from Michelle Phan in cosmetics or Felix Kjellberg in video games. Although I acknowledge that the existing OTT market is already well-defined with NFLX being the clear leader in terms of revenue, Hulu getting content from Viacom (NYSE:VIA) and Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) and AMZN gradually scaling up its own content offering, it's difficult for YouTube to immediately make an impact. However, I believe that investing in original content and leveraging the asset that YouTube has (ie. YouTube Gaming) could differentiate the platform from its peers and attract paying subscribers.

Over time, I would not be surprised to see digital distribution disrupt movie theaters in that big budget films will likely release through both online and offline channels. It's worth reminding investors that the success of The Interview, which generated $15m in the first four days for viewing. Google Play, YouTube and Microsoft highlighted that digital distribution of movies is just as effective as offline distribution. With a billion active viewers each month, YouTube could become the next movie distribution platform.

In conclusion, GOOG remains my top pick among the large cap internet players as we head into 2016. Besides the near-term catalyst from video, GOOG's ecosystem is still in its early stage of growth. The resurgence of GOOG wallet, robotics, fiber, home automation and in-vehicle telematics offer attractive call options for the medium term.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-03-19
GoDaddy's IPO to value web-hosting company at up to $2.87 billion Web-hosting company GoDaddy Inc's initial public offering is expected to value the company at up to $2.87 billion, and comes at a time when there has been a steep fall in the number of companies going public in the United States.

Including debt, the company could be valued at $4 billion.

The IPO market has had a slow start this year compared with 2014 when U.S. IPOs raised about $93 billion, the highest since 2000.

Only two technology companies have gone public this year including online data storage provider Box Inc, whose shares have dropped about 27 percent since the company's market debut in January.

IPO analysts expect GoDaddy, which manages about a fifth of the world's Internet domains, to fare better than Box due to demand for stock offerings from well-established brands with steady revenue streams.

"GoDaddy is a much more seasoned company than Box," said Josef Schuster, founder of IPO investment firm IPOX Schuster LLC.

GoDaddy's offering of 22 million class A shares is expected to be priced between $17 and $19 per share, and raise up to $418 million, the company said in a regulatory filing on Thursday.

The Internet domain registrar, many of whose Super Bowl advertisements featured race car driver Danica Patrick, had filed to go public in 2006. It later withdrew, citing unfavorable market conditions.

The company, known for ads that feature scantily clad women, was founded in 1997 and in 2011 was acquired by a private equity consortium led by KKR & Co LP and Silver Lake Partners LP for $2.25 billion, including debt. It has since expanded from its roots in Internet domains to provide services to small and medium-sized businesses such as website building and web hosting.

After the offering, KKR's class A share stake will fall to 23.9 percent from 27.9 percent. The private equity firm would continue to hold 20.9 percent of GoDaddy's class B shares.

Founder Bob Parsons, who stepped down as executive chairman in June, will hold 40 percent of GoDaddy's class B shares and nearly 24 percent of class A shares after the offering.

The company, which serves 12.7 million customers, is led by Blake Irving, who was Yahoo Inc's chief product officer from 2010 to 2012.

GoDaddy's revenue rose 22.7 percent to $1.4 billion in the year ended Dec. 31 from a year earlier. Net loss narrowed to $143.3 million from $200 million.

The company's shares are expected to list on the New York Stock Exchange under "GDDY".

Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, Citigroup are the lead underwriters of the offering.

(Reporting by Amrutha Gayathri in Bengaluru; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Leslie Adler) Angry Birds maker bets on animated movie as profit drops Characters in the upcoming Angry Birds movie to be released in 2016. REUTERS/Rovio

HELSINKI Finnish mobile games maker Rovio pinned its hopes on Thursday on a costly 3D movie project helping it return to growth, after a 73 percent profit drop gave the latest sign its mainstay Angry Birds brand is losing appeal.

A decline in its business licensing the Angry Birds brand on toys, clothing and sweets is adding to the problems of Rovio, which has yet to repeat the success of its original slingshot-based game which became the No.1 paid mobile app of all time after its launch in 2009.

Rovio said total sales fell 9 percent last year to 158.3 million euros ($169 million), although revenue from mobile games grew 16 percent to 110.7 million on the back of new offerings.

Operating profit slumped to 10 million euros from 36.5 million.

"As (Rovio's) franchise begins to falter, the question of whether it is a one-hit wonder rears up again," said Steve Bailey, games analyst at IHS Technology.

He noted that while competition intensifies in mobile games, Rovio's toy business also faces big competition from a new category of physical toys that connect into virtual games, such as Nintendo amiibo and Disney Infinity.

"Angry Birds as a game isn't sufficiently advanced to make a 'smart toy' yet... As a player, you just don't have a longer-term relationship with it."

Rovio, whose aim is to become an entertainment brand on a par with Walt Disney, has also expanded Angry Birds into a spin-off TV series and is backing an animated movie set to premiere in May 2016.

Rantala said the production cost of the Angry Birds movie will be about $80 million, and marketing costs, which will be partly paid by Sony Entertainment, would total more than the production budget.

"The movie will help us get the licensing business back to growth," he said. "Pretty soon we will be able to publish new major partnership deals."

Meanwhile, the company is striving to build new characters to be expanded into new games, consumer products and animations, Rantala said.

Analysts said Rovio has been slow to respond to a shift to freely available mobile games, where revenue comes from in-game purchases and advertising.

"We are still in transition, we have launched free-to-play games but there is room to improve the monetizing in this area," Rantala said.

Analyst Bailey noted that movies and merchandise sales are dependent on sustaining interest in the core game business.

"The performance of the movie will be very telling about where the franchise can go next and how much life it has left in it."

(Additional reporting by Eric Auchard; Editing by David Holmes and David Evans) Branson says Virgin working on electric cars: Bloomberg TV Sir Richard Branson listens to a speaker at the Global Commission on Drug Policy in New York, in this September 9, 2014 file photo. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton

DETROIT Billionaire entrepreneur Richard Branson's Virgin Group may take on Tesla Motors Inc and other companies in developing electric cars, Bloomberg reported on Thursday.

Branson, whose empire ranges from airlines to music stores, mobile phones and spaceships, said electric cars may be next.

"We have teams of people working on electric cars," Branson told Bloomberg TV in Miami where his Virgin Racing team competed in the all-electric Formula E race that involves battery-powered cars. "So you never know, you may find Virgin competing with the Tesla in the car business as we do in the space business. We will see what happens."

Branson's Virgin Galactic is a commercial spaceflight company that competes with SpaceX, which was founded by Tesla CEO Elon Musk.

"We are working with the Virgin Formula E team to develop the plan for next season's cars," Virgin Group spokesman Nick Fox told Reuters. "Our aim is to build a leading engine and car for next season. Maybe ultimately that could be used in the broader car market in the future."

In addition to Tesla, most of the world's automakers sell or are developing electric cars. There are also signs Apple Inc may be working on an electric car and Google Inc is developing a car that can drive itself.

However, broader acceptance of electric cars has been held back by the premium consumers must pay for the technology and fears about the driving range of an all-electric vehicle.

Branson told Bloomberg TV, "Tesla is as sexy as any other car on the road today."

(Reporting by Ben Klayman in Detroit; Editing by Christian Plumb) 
2015-12-10
J&J, Alphabet aim for smarter, smaller, cheaper surgical robot Johnson & Johnson and Alphabet Inc's life sciences unit have formed an independent company to create far smaller, smarter and less costly robotic-assisted systems for surgery than those sold now by other companies, J&J said on Thursday.

Creation of the new company, Verb Surgical Inc, follows an announcement in March by J&J and Google Inc of their plans to pool their technologies and expertise to create robotics for the operating room. Google has since changed its name to Alphabet, and its life sciences unit is now called Verily.

J&J's Ethicon division, world leader in equipment for general surgery, designed a basic prototype of the robot last year and expects it to be a "disruptive" alternative to existing products, Gary Pruden, global chairman of J&J's medical devices group, said in an interview.

Current robotic systems, including those sold by market leader Intuitive Surgical Inc, are the size of a compact car and require the surgeon to sit at a control panel about 10 feet from the patient, Pruden said.

Verb's robot will be about 20 percent the size, allow the surgeon to work closer to the patient and likely be considerably less expensive than current systems, which can cost $2 million or more, he said.

And while robots today are used largely to remove cancerous prostate glands and in gynecological surgery, Verb's system would be designed for wider use, including thoracic surgery, colorectal surgery and bariatric weight loss procedures, J&J said.

It would come loaded with technologies from Alphabet, including "machine learning," in which the robot could analyze a video library of images from hundreds of previous surgeries in order to instruct the surgeon where to cut.

Pruden said further development of Verb's robot will take a few more years.

"Our goal is to have a lower-cost product, with the smallest footprint, with greater capability, that helps to raise the standard of care," Pruden said. "That would be a market disruption."

Scott Huennekens, former chief executive of medical imaging company Volcano Corp, has been named CEO of Verb, which will be headquartered in Mountain View, California.

Verily already has several projects in the works, including the development of a smart contact lens in partnership with Swiss drugmaker Novartis that has an embedded glucose sensor. It would allow diabetics to monitor themselves continuously by measuring the blood sugar in their tears.

(Reporting by Ransdell Pierson; Editing by Leslie Adler) Google Advances Towards Quantum Computing New research results show that Google's quantum computer is really much faster than traditional computers.

Quantum computers produced by Canadian company D-Wave are used by Google and NASA.

It is a truly disruptive technology that could change how we do everything, says NASA.

For a specific, carefully crafted proof-of-concept problem we achieve a 100-million-fold speed-up, says Google.

Google should consider buying D-Wave to beat its competitors and lead the upcoming quantum computing revolution.

Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is claiming that its researchers achieved an important proof of concept and demonstrated that their approach to quantum computing is sound and likely to produce operational results. New research results described in the prestigious MIT Technology Review show that Google's quantum computer is really much faster than traditional computers.

Recently Google and NASA signed an agreement with Canadian quantum computer maker D-Wave that will give them access to new quantum processors as they are developed for the next seven years. The deals builds on on an earlier hardware agreement from May 2013, when Google and NASA bought the first quantum computer from D-Wave.

Google believes quantum computers could make their artificial-intelligence software much more powerful and unlock scientific leaps in areas like materials science. NASA hopes quantum computers could help schedule rocket launches and simulate future missions and spacecraft. "It is a truly disruptive technology that could change how we do everything," said Deepak Biswas, director of exploration technology at the NASA s Ames Research Center.

Quantum computers encode information in "qubits" that, instead of being in definite zero or one states like classical bits, can be in weird quantum superpositions of zero and one states, and process information in ways that have no equivalent in classical computing by exploiting subtle quantum phenomena.

Future quantum computers are expected to permit staying on Moore's Law - the exponential acceleration of computing performance first noticed by Intel founder Gordon Moore in 1965 - and tackling very complex problems such as calculating the properties of promising new materials, large-scale financial analysis, molecular simulations for more effective drug development, and Big Data analysis for homeland security applications, much faster than today's fastest supercomputers.

It's important to emphasize that "much faster" doesn't mean 20 percent faster, or twice as fast. The theoretical performance leap forward that quantum computers could achieve is nothing short of breathtaking - quantum computers could operate millions of times faster than conventional computers.

The Google researchers claim that they demonstrated the possibility of a quantum leap in high performance computing. They choose a suitable test problem related to real computational problems encountered in the design of advanced materials, and raced the D-Wave quantum computer installed at NASA against a conventional computer with a single processor.  For a specific, carefully crafted proof-of-concept problem we achieve a 100-million-fold speed-up,  said Hartmut Neven, leader of Google s Quantum AI Lab in Los Angeles. The caveat is important - the D-Wave supercomputer is unlikely to achieve a 100-million-fold speed-up on real problems - but the potential for real speed-ups is amazing to say the least.

Of course, Google is not the only participant in the race to quantum computing. Other top tech companies consider quantum computers as a strategic technology and are investing in quantum supercomputing developments to stay on top of Moore s Law.

Recently,Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) invested $50 million in a collaboration with Dutch research organizations to accelerate advancements in quantum computing. IBM (NYSE:IBM) dedicates part of its considerable internal research resources to quantum computing, and recently developed a new quantum computing chip. Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) founded the USC-Lockheed Martin Quantum Computation Center (QCC), which uses D-Wave quantum computers to solve challenges ranging from designing lifesaving new drugs to rapidly debugging millions of lines of software code. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) has been quietly building up its quantum computing expertise at its Station Q research lab in Santa Barbara and recently claimed that it could achieve an operational quantum computer by 2025. D-Wave could be heading for an IPO, Wall Street Journal reported in January, but it remains a prime target for acquisition by any of these top companies.

In fact, if Google is now persuaded that the D-Wave approach to quantum computing is sound, its best move to become the leader of the emerging quantum computing sector would be to buy D-Wave, and it seems plausible that negotiations could be ongoing.

Practical quantum computers could provide an important performance boost to Google s machine-learning software. "We ve already encountered problems in the course of our products impractical to solve with existing computers, and we have a lot of computers," said Google engineering VP John Giannandrea. Of course, he cautioned that "it may be several years before this research makes a difference to Google products." However, investors bullish on the mid-term prospects of quantum computers should consider betting on Google's stock, and watch out for a possible D-Wave IPO as well. Social Media Stocks Set For Happy New Year? Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) founder Mark Zuckerberg made headlines recently with his announced plan to eventually donate 99% of his wealth to charity.

While the current value of that gift   $45 billion in shares of Facebook   seems plentiful enough, it s possible that Zuckerberg s generosity will ultimately top that figure   if the company s stock continues to appreciate significantly over the long term.

That s not to say Facebook investors haven t already enjoyed the ride: In its three-plus years as a public company, the stock has gained 176%. Shares are up more than 35% this year.

The rally has helped other social media investments outperform, too. With a nearly 20% weighting in Facebook shares, the Social Networking motif has gained 4% in the past 12 months. In that same time, the S&P 500 has risen 0.1%.

In the last month, the motif has increased 0.2%; the S&P 500 has lost 1.1%.

To be fair, shares of Facebook treaded water for more than a year after the company went public in 2012   until the company s quarterly results began convincing investors that the social networking site was succeeding at growing its digital advertising supply to an increasingly mobile-using customer base.

And, now that Facebook has apparently cemented its darling status with investors, many analysts expect next year to be similarly rewarding.

Rosenblatt Securities analyst Martin Pyykkonen, has put a $125 price target on the stock (it was around $105 earlier this week) saying that concerns about increased spending in 2016 are overblown, likening the company s plans as exactly the strategy that worked for Google, now Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL).

 We still think Facebook has the opportunity to further increase its dominance, analogous to Alphabet s early days in core ad search technology,  Pyykkonen wrote, adding that video and Instagram ads will be key for next year.

 Our bullish outlook on Facebook coming into this year was and still is largely based on increasing traction with large brand advertisers, Instagram and auto-play video ads on the core platform, and early but growing social media advertising market development in earlier stage foreign countries,  Pyykkonen wrote.

The analyst estimates Instagram s global advertising revenue will be more than 10% of the company s total ad revenue on a run rate basis by the end of next year.

Analysts at Morgan Stanley are similarly optimistic about Facebook next year, citing the rising nexus of social networking and e-commerce   specifically, that companies like Facebook including a  buy button  on retailers  Facebook pages will increasingly let social take share from conventional shopping.

 Buy buttons would enable Facebook to move closer to a transaction-based model,  the analysts wrote.  If retailers were willing to bid up Facebook s retail CPCs [cost per click] to a 5%  implied take rate  on just 3% of enabled US e-commerce, it would add roughly 5% to our 2017 Facebook N. American ad estimate. 

However, Facebook isn t the only social media company being rewarded with predictions of higher stock prices. Last month, brokerage Monness Crespi & Hardt came to the defense of Twitter (a 16.8% weighting in the Social Networking motif), which probably needed defending, considering the stock is off nearly 32% this year.

In a research note last month, analyst James Cakmak came out firmly in support of the naming of CEO Jack Dorsey, one of the company s founders, because  this is the first time we see that management can identify the issues (at least publicly) and present courses of action to institute remedies. 

Cakmak also disagrees with claims that the company has exhausted its advertising base, writing that  we see ample room to augment the base, especially with the roll-out of self-service ads globally in 3Q to attract  the 9 million small-and-medium-sized businesses on the platform. According to Cakmak,  Facebook succeeded with this, so can Twitter. 

Higher ad monetization rates from both companies could be the ideal result for investors in social media stocks.

The content contained herein is for informational purposes only and is not a solicitation or a recommendation that any particular investor should purchase or sell any particular security. Motif does not assess the suitability or the potential value of any particular investment. You are responsible for understanding the risks involved with investing in securities and for all investment decisions you make. Investments in small cap companies and companies within a particular sector involve additional risks unique to those companies which you should be aware of before making any investment decision. The information contained herein is obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but its accuracy or completeness is not guaranteed. Performance of motifs are for informational purposes only and is not not based on results you could expect to achieve. See how returns are calculated.

Posted-In: Motif Motif InvestingLong Ideas Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-11-08
1 Way Alphabet, Inc. Can't Catch Up With Apple, Inc. For the most part, the intense competition between Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS has largely been characterized by both companies' innovations, and when one comes up with a good idea, the other promptly borrows, replicates, or adapts the new idea to its own platform. Most of the time, this approach has manifested in software features or services that are easily copied. Hardware is a different matter, even if Android OEMs have successfully copied Touch ID with fingerprint sensors and Android's Nexus Protect.

But Google apparently now now wants to copy another aspect of Apple's hardware strategy, but it has virtually no chance of succeeding.

All that and a bag of chips

According to The Information, Google has had discussions with various chipmakers about potentially co-developing processors. Google has looked on and seen what Apple has been able to achieve with its custom chip designs, and the plethora of benefits that A-chips deliver.

Now the search giant would like to do likewise. Google reportedly wants to improve image processing and onboard memory, as well add as a motion co-processor that improves power efficiency, among others.

A-chips have leapfrogged the industry

The thing is that Apple's chip strategy started evolving in a meaningful way a long time ago, and the Mac maker's progress has been exponential in recent years. A-chips have completely taken off over the past few generations, not only in terms of sheer performance, but also more importantly in terms of sophistication and customization.

For instance, A-chips now have secure enclaves embedded directly into them, which is where Touch ID data and other sensitive data is stored. The M9 motion coprocessor is also now integrated directly into the A9. In fact, the most critical function that has yet to be integrated in cellular connectivity, which, while overdue, is incredibly difficult to execute.

Apple has invested very heavily in quietly poaching incredible chip engineers over the past few years, and its chips are even known to catch the whole industry off guard from time to time. For instance, no one had any clue that Apple had its 64-bit A7 up its sleeve in 2013. The progress that Apple has made in chip development is also precisely why every year it becomes a more viable possibility that we'll eventually see a Mac powered by an A-chip.

Alphabet can't catch up

Google will also probably have a hard time finding a chipmaker that's willing to play ball. Price competition in the Android camp is particularly intense since most devices are highly commoditized, and shrinking margins don't leave a lot of room for high-end custom chips that can deliver the types of performance Google is asking for.

On top of that, chipmakers would rather just design and sell their own chips, as opposed to collaborating with Google on design. There's not a whole lot of upside for chipmakers. The proposed move almost sounds like Google's Nexus program, where it collaborates with hardware OEMs to design phones, but for processors. Nexus devices have never been a huge part of the Android ecosystem in terms of volume, further underscoring how little upside chipmakers could even potentially enjoy. And chip development is vastly more expensive and complicated than designing phone hardware.

As it stands, there's virtually no way Google has a chance at catching up with Apple in this regard. 
2015-05-12
Mobileye NV (MBLY) Might Beat Out Google Inc in the 'Self-Driving Car' Race For those who are unfamiliar, MBLY provides a wide range of life-saving products. Chips and software receives data from car cameras and radars, helping alert drivers to danger in a plethora of situations. Furthermore, Mobileye has the potential to revolutionize the driving experience by enabling autonomous driving with the first hands-free capable driving at highway speeds and in congested traffic situations planned for launch in 2016. With recent government regulations requiring backup cameras in all new cars by May 2018, even though this is not Mobileye s market, it is simply the first step towards a more regulated driving environment requiring the latest life-saving and accident-preventing technology.

Statistically, Mobileye had another great quarter reporting EPS of $0.08 and revenue of $45.6 million which both beat estimates of $0.07 and $44.23 million. Mobileye also announced they had won two major programs with two leading OEMs covering Europe and the U.S. Co-Founder Amnon Sashua stated  The launches (will) start in 2017 with peak volumes running in the millions of units building upwards 2019. The programs should continue beyond 2022.  Both of these programs depend on the new fourth generation EyeQ4 System-on-Chip.

Already, 90% of leading automakers have signed deals with Mobileye to install its systems in their newest vehicles. And as stated by Sashua in Mobileye s earnings call  Since our IPO we won 100% of all RFQs (request for quotation) . The economic moat for this company is incredible because they simply don t have any viable competitors. Increasing regulations in the ADAS industry is a positive simply because it increases the barrier to entry. As the first mover in this industry, Mobileye doesn t have anyone in their rear view mirror to worry about right now.

The first company to come to mind for many when thinking about self driving cars is Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG). Though some may argue that as a larger company, they are in the best position to succeed, this simply is not true. For one, self-driving cars seem to be almost a hobby for Google, not a focus. More importantly, Google uses LIDAR (Light Detection and Ranging) and GPS to guide their self-driving car, this is different from Mobileye which combines nearly all of their visionary features onto one chip which gives them a significant pricing edge. These features could be seen together in a future autonomous car, but Mobileye investors do not need to worry about Google for now.

With analysts trumpeting the possibility of a 50 percent revenue compounded annual growth rate through 2020, 75% gross margins, 50% revenue to free cash flow conversion and no gross debt, Mobileye makes a case for their valuation of the long-term. Though for investors looking for short-term gains, Mobileye might not be the best option due to slow overall adoption by the market as a whole. But, features such as automatic braking will soon become necessary to achieve a 5-star safety rating, thus the early adoption by many car-makers will continue to grow into the future. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) or Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN)   Who is a Better ... Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA)

Alibaba s revenue increased by 45% as compared to same quarter last year.

China sales growth was 39% but accounted for only 80% of its total revenues   a decrease from its last quarter

Revenues from cloud computing grew at 82% but still accounted for being only 2% of its total revenue.

Stock compensation for product development jumped by 704% same quarter last year, wherein cost of revenue went up by 91% compared to same quarter last year

Alibaba has a cash and cash equivalent chest of $17,453 million a growth of 227% from the same quarter last year

(million RMB) 2014 % of rev. 2015 % of rev. growth (Y-Y) China sales 9965 83% 13895 80% 39% Intl sales 1294 11% 1637 9% 27% Cloud computing 213 2% 388 2% 82% Total rev 12031 17425 45%

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN)

Amazon s revenue increased by 15% as compared to same quarter last year

North American sales growth was 24% and it accounted for 59% of its revenue a growth of 4% from the same quarter last year

AWS revenues grew by 49% from the same quarter last year and now accounted for 7% of total revenues

Amazon as a cash and cash equivalent chest of $10,237 million, a growth of 101% from the same quarter last year

(million $) 2014 % of rev. 2015 % of rev. growth (Y-Y) North America sales 10808 55% 13406 59% 24% Intl sales 7883 40% 7745 34% -2% AWS 1050 5% 1566 7% 49% Total rev 19741 22717 15%

Amazon and Alibaba are in the same business but follow different paths.

Alibaba is trying to gather more GMV and increase its product portfolio. This has been validated by its purchase of a 9% stake in Zulily. Zulily sells clothing predominantly in North America for plus sized women.

Amazon on the other hand is trying to create IP in its online retail business and is depending on many users converting to Prime shipping to cover its loss in retail. Alibaba in comparison is a more evolved retailer as can be seen by its Operating margins. WeChat is Tencent's ace in China's online entertainment race Visitors use their smarts phones underneath the logo of Tencent at the Global Mobile Internet Conference in Beijing May 6, 2014. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon

BEIJING/LOS ANGELES In a multi-billion dollar dogfight with Alibaba Group Holding Ltd for leadership in China's online entertainment market, mobile messaging app WeChat is Tencent Holdings Ltd's trump card.

The wildly popular app allows Tencent to channel 500 million monthly active users to its entertainment services, a huge consumer base for subscriptions or marketing - pay dirt for media and advertising partners.

Combined with a willingness to throw cash at top-tier film, television, game and music content, Tencent has locked down exclusive deals with some of the biggest names in Hollywood, eager to piggyback on the $190 billion Chinese group's growing success.

Shenzhen-based Tencent, whose WeChat and QQ social networks are as ubiquitous in China as Facebook Inc is elsewhere, has spent billions of dollars in recent years building up its content library and on stakes in entertainment firms, though the company declines to give specific details on its investment.

Last month, Tencent added streaming rights to Twenty-First Century Fox Inc's FOX, FOX Sports and the National Geographic Channel to its media arsenal, which already includes various rights for Sony Corp's Sony Music Entertainment, Warner Music Group, Time Warner Inc's HBO network and the U.S. National Basketball Association.

"We've paid aggressively to buy some of the most popular content, the most established brands," Tencent's Chief Strategy Officer James Mitchell told Reuters in a recent interview.

Founded 17 years ago by CEO Pony Ma, Tencent already operates an online gaming business to rival those of Sony, Microsoft Corp and Nintendo Co. It also owns China's biggest music streaming service by subscribers, and by some measures runs the country's most popular Internet video platform.

The pairing of Tencent's active dealmaking with the success of WeChat and QQ is critical, says Mathew Alderson, who leads the China media and entertainment practice at Harris Moure in Beijing. "I consider them to be ahead because of the reach and sophistication of their social networking tools," he said.

The stakes are huge. Revenue in China's online entertainment industry is set to double to more than $46 billion by 2018 for online games and video streaming alone, according to iResearch data, prompting China's biggest Internet companies to spend lavishly on TV shows, films, games, music and sports rights.

"When we have the key content, our traffic makes it more popular than it would otherwise be," said Mitchell, noting that Tencent's online advertising business revenues jumped 65 percent last year, to 8.3 billion yuan ($1.34 billion). Video advertising revenue has at least doubled year-on-year in all of the past six quarters.

Tencent reports January-March earnings later on Wednesday.

KNOWING THE SPACE

Alibaba, meanwhile, is flush with cash after its record $25 billion share sale in New York last year and, alongside its affiliates, has spent more than $3.5 billion since the start of 2014 on stakes in video, music and gaming firms, including a minority share of Youku Tudou Inc, one of China's biggest Internet video services.

Alibaba's entertainment business claims music distribution deals with Germany's BMG and two of Taiwan's biggest labels. It has also teamed up with Hollywood studio Lions Gate Entertainment Corp to offer a subscription streaming service in China. Its operations are led by former members of Tencent's video business, who left following a leadership reshuffle around 2013. They include Patrick Liu, current head of Alibaba's digital entertainment unit and former head of Tencent Video.

Other firms staking a claim in China's online entertainment market include Internet search leader Baidu Inc and its online video unit iQiyi; Sohu.com Inc; and Leshi Internet Information and Technology Corp Beijing.

Dealing with Tencent won't be easy, says Mark Natkin, managing director of Beijing-based Marbridge Consulting. "They understand what users want in terms of entertainment content, they understand how to deliver it," he said. "Tencent knows that space better than anybody."

Tencent's content library, which also includes South Korean YouTube sensation Psy through a tie up with YG Entertainment Inc, is arguably deeper than that of its rivals.

"You clearly see the growth of (Tencent's) position," said TCL Multimedia CEO Hao Yi, who works with many of China's Internet companies, about the firm's video business. "A couple of years ago they were nowhere. The WeChat thing, indeed, this is a killer."

In recent months, Alibaba and Tencent have taken their rivalry overseas, both setting up offices in Los Angeles to slug it out for programming deals with Hollywood studios and producers.

While both groups have financial firepower, WeChat could be a clincher for Tencent in winning deals with content producers.

"You can use content to drive very good margins - if you have the right pipes," said one Hollywood executive.

(Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Could This Speculative Biotech More Than Triple? Pharma companies are generally riskier than most normal companies, but with this risk comes a huge reward, like the one that Oppenheimer sees in Tokai Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: TKAI). The brokerage firm sees an upside of about triple Tokai s current price, based on what it has coming out in its pipeline.

For some quick background on Tokai: this clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focuses on developing novel proprietary therapies for the treatment of prostate cancer and other hormonally driven diseases in the United States. The company has only been public since the fall of 2014.

One of the key takeaways in Oppenheimer s report is that the Phase 3 trial has high probability of success. The brokerage firm projects a 75% probability of success based on clear mechanism of action, promising efficacy seen in ARMOR2 trial, and Xtandi s lack of efficacy in AR-V7+ mCRPC patients.

The firm initiated coverage of Tokai with an Outperform rating and a price target of $38, implying upside of 270% from current prices. Oppenheimer s analyst Ling Wang explained in the report in the report:

Tokai s flagship compound galeterone initially addresses a clear unmet medical need in prostate cancer, i.e. castration-resistant prostate cancer (CRPR) patients with tumor-expressing androgen receptor (AR) split variants (AR-V7) for whom recently approved novel agents such as Zytiga and Xtandi are not expected to be effective. We view Tokai shares as having significant upside potential (phase 3 start in the first half of 2015, pivotal data in the second half of 2015), given a clear/favorable regulatory pathway, a high probability of phase 3 success, sizeable market opportunity (addressing a key resistance mechanism to novel therapies) and no foreseeable competition.

ALSO READ: 4 Biotech Stocks Could Have Big Upside Before Russell Index Changes

A few other key points included in the report were:

Galeterone targets a clear unmet need. Emerging data strongly suggest AR spliced variants may render primary resistance to novel Ar-targeting therapies such as Zytiga and Xtandi. Galeterone showed efficacy in the C-terminal loss/AR-V7 patients where Zytiga and Xtandi are not effective.

Novel multi-mechanisms of action offer key advantages. As compared to Zytiga, galeterone does not require concurrent use of steroid, thereby sparing steroid-associated AEs. As compared to Xtandi, galeterone should not have the risk of causing seizures since it is not a GABA receptor antagonist.

Galeterone addresses a large market. AR-V7+ prevalence tends to increase following subsequent treatment lines (25%, 51% and 67% in post-Zytiga, post-Xtandi and post both treatments, respectively). The analysts believe galeterone has significant potential in the resistant subset and project U.S. peak sales of about 1.4 billion by 2025.

Shares of Tokai were up 6.6% to $10.97 Tuesday afternoon. The stock has a consensus analyst price target of $27.50 and a post-IPO trading range of $9.67 to $30.00. 
2015-05-29
The Problem At Google Is Larry Page Is Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) under pressure?

No. That's the problem.

By any conventional measure, it should be. Revenue growth has plummeted, from 30% to 10%, while expenses have ballooned from 69% of sales to 75%. The company remains dependent on online advertising, and when executives take the stage at this week's Google I/O Conference reporters will be wondering if any of its "moon shot" projects will get off the launchpad.

The problem is CEO Larry Page feels none of this. Having built a two-tier share structure under which he can't be overthrown, Page has become the era's Howard Hughes instead of its Steve Jobs, throwing money at people it doesn't need, building private robot armies and starting firms to mine the asteroids.

What the company is expected to reveal this week at its Google I/O conference has a lot of me-too in it. A competitor for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Pay? A "buy" button to enable purchases directly off searches? What are developers supposed to do with that?

Insiders say that Page has become more willing to delegate than before, more concerned with how he spends his time. What he has become is distracted. The captain is no longer on the bridge, he's in his cabin playing with his toys.

Google has an ongoing program to let executives recover from burnout on a "bench" of sorts, with salary and stock options paid. But the person who really needs that program, the one who needs to think hard about whether he still has the fire to make money for Google, isn't eligible. Because that person is the CEO.

Investors have certainly gotten the message. Google shares have been a great trade over the last year, often moving in 10-point daily increments, but it's all gone nowhere, the shares sitting 1.7% below where they were. Google is losing momentum in mobile to Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), in hardware to Apple, and has even lost market share in search to Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Bing in the U.S.

Google as a company is drifting on its monopoly position in monetizing search, and is beginning to feel like the last days of Bill Gates. While other companies, like Microsoft and Facebook, spend billions on virtual reality, Google offers a piece of cardboard. Really? Really. Really?

I dumped my non-voting shares in Google, traded as GOOG, in March at $552. After rising $7 in yesterday's up market, they are now at $540. (The GOOGL shares that carry ownership rights trade 15 points higher.) It's still a great company, but it's becoming a lousy investment.

Disclosure: The author is long GOOGL, AAPL.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-07-21
SAP's packaged software suffers amid switch to cloud A bag with SAP logo is pictured before the company's annual general meeting in Mannheim, Germany, May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach

FRANKFURT German business software maker SAP posted quarterly profit at the low end of forecasts, hit by weak sales of its traditional packaged software and a rapid shift by customers to lower-margin cloud software delivered via the Internet.

Like established rivals such as Oracle, IBM and Microsoft, SAP is striving to boost Internet-based sales to head off fast-growing newer competitors such as Workday and Amazon.com's web software unit.

While such software is less profitable in the short term, providers hope to win higher revenues over time from subscription payments.

SAP, Europe's largest software maker, said on Tuesday its second-quarter revenues jumped 20 percent to 4.97 billion euros ($5.38 billion) -- or 8 percent excluding exchange rate moves -- as cloud software sales more than doubled. That beat analysts' forecast range of 4.81 billion to 4.96 billion euros.

But sales of higher-margin packaged software rose just 2 percent, slower than the expected 6.6 percent increase, due to weakness in emerging markets, particularly Latin America. At constant currencies, packaged software revenues fell 7 percent.

With the operating margin, excluding special items, falling to 28.0 percent from 29.8 percent a year ago, the result was underlying operating profit at the bottom end of expectations -- up just 1 percent at constant currencies to 1.39 billion euros.

"Expect a volatile but at the end negative share price reaction," said one Frankfurt trading, saying investors were likely to be disappointed by the weak packaged software revenue and profit margins.

SAP shares fell more than 2 percent in early trading, though by 0945 GMT there were up 0.8 percent at 69.27 euros.

SAP, whose customers include the world's biggest multinationals, specializes in business applications ranging from accounting to human resources to supply-chain management.

It stuck to its full-year forecast for non-IFRS operating profit of 5.6-5.9 billion euros at constant currencies, compared with 5.6 billion last year.

Oracle, for its fiscal quarter to end-May, reported a 29 percent jump in sales of its keenly watched cloud-computing software and platform service, still not enough to compensate for weak sales in its legacy database business.

SAP said customers signing up for its big new product hope, the S4/HANA software platform which targets Oracle database customers among others, more than doubled to 900 during the second quarter.

SAP's pure cloud-based rival Salesforce.com reported a profit for the first time in seven quarters in May and raised its revenue forecast for the full year.

(Additional reporting by Eric Auchard; Editing by Kirsti Knolle and Mark Potter) Facebook Inc. vs. Google Inc.: The Battle of The Buy Buttons Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), the two largest Internet advertising companies on the planet, are now battling each other for a piece of Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) home turf -- the e-commerce market.

Google recently introduced "Purchases on Google," which will let shoppers buy products directly from its mobile ads. Shoppers will be taken to a Google checkout page with retailer branding, Google will process the payment, and the retailer will fulfill the order. Facebook announced that it would let businesses add buy buttons to their Facebook Pages, also eliminating the need to visit external websites. Facebook will also process the payment for the retailer.

Both Google and Facebook have been testing these buttons for a while now. The Wall Street Journal initially reported on Google's Buy buttons in May, and Facebook started testing Buy buttons in its news feed over a year ago. But as the battle heats up, will Google and Facebook steal customers away from Amazon, or are these ambitious efforts doomed to fail?

Google's strengths and weaknesses

According to Google chairman Eric Schmidt, "more than twice" the number of people looking to buy something online started on Amazon instead of Google last year. This means that every user who goes straight to Amazon equals one less product search for Google's search engine.

Therefore, Google's Buy buttons can widen its defensive moat against Amazon, boost the value of its mobile ads, and provide Google with more user data regarding shopping habits. But in exchange, retailers must become single branded pages within Google's network, which could weaken their brand identities and relationships with shoppers. To compensate, Google will let shoppers opt-in to a retailer's marketing emails during the checkout process. If a clicked-through product doesn't match what the shopper was searching for, the consumer can also continue browsing through other products from the same retailer.

Google's Buy buttons could also complement the YouTube Buy buttons it unveiled in May. Those buttons, which appear at the bottom of select videos, link to a retailer's external website, where a purchase is subsequently processed. Google claims that nearly two-thirds of brands see Google searches rise as much as 13% after consumers view a related ad on YouTube. Therefore, embedding ads directly into YouTube videos might prevent users from purchasing products from Amazon after watching an ad.

Facebook's strengths and weaknesses

Facebook's Buy button strategy is designed to attack both Amazon and Google. Facebook had 1.44 billion monthly active users at the end of last quarter, and it intends to corral them in its own ecosystem for as long as possible. By doing so, Facebook's ads gain more exposure, and it can mine more data from its users' browsing habits. That's why it's encouraging users to upload their videos directly to Facebook instead of YouTube, and why it's asking news publishers to upload their stories to the News Feed instead of using external links.

If Facebook also convinces users to shop within Facebook's blue-and-white walls, it will expand that all-in-one ecosystem and give users one less reason to visit Amazon or Google. Facebook's Business Pages also allow retailers to seamlessly communicate with customers -- a critical feature which Google's branded retailer pages lack. Meanwhile, the ability to complete the entire purchase within Facebook's ecosystem could make its ads -- which surged 285% annually in price last quarter -- even more valuable.

Facebook's Buy buttons could also complement its recent introduction of "Businesses on Messenger," a platform which lets businesses send messages to customers through Messenger while potentially letting them purchase products directly within the app. However, investors should remember that Facebook has failed at e-commerce before. In 2011, it killed off its Groupon-like site Facebook Deals. Its Pinterest-style Collections feature, which led to external sites, was also phased out last year.

Why Amazon isn't worried

Google and Facebook aren't Amazon's only challengers -- Twitter and Pinterest also recently revealed Buy buttons for their social networks. However, all of these challengers lack an effective way to counter to Prime, Amazon's premium service which offers free two-day shipping, streaming media, unlimited cloud photo storage, and other perks for just $99 per year. Amazon is constantly tethering more users to that ecosystem by selling Kindles, set-top boxes, and offering time-limited sales for members.

According to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners, the number of Prime members has risen from 20 million last January to 44 million today. The firm also estimates that Prime members spend an average of $1,200 annually, compared to $700 per year for non-members.

Therefore, unless Google, Facebook, and other challengers can counter that growth, they'll likely remain indirect, outlying competitors to Amazon. Nonetheless, investors should keep an eye on Google and Facebook's e-commerce efforts, to see if they can change how people shop online. 
2015-01-30
Google (GOOG) Q4 2014 Results - Earnings Call Transcript  
2015-08-20
Google Alphabet: 3 Reasons Why Good Companies Reorganize Under Google's new Alphabet structure, the company will be divided into a handful of distinct entities. (GEORGES GOBET/AFP/Getty Images)

Google has been a Silicon Valley pioneer since its inception in 1998, spearheading initiatives in fields ranging from longevity research to high-speed fiber communications to the exciting new era of the "smart home."

But its boldest move yet might be this month's announcement that it would restructure Google (ticker: GOOG, GOOGL) into a parent company called Alphabet, under which its major divisions will operate as distinct companies.

While the name change may seem jarring and unnecessary to some, co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin aren't dummies. Let's take a look at three reasons Google decided to shake things up, and why other companies might want to take a cue from the search engine behemoth in Mountain View, California.

Independence and innovation. Precious few companies have the sprawling operational scope Google has today. Businesses often evolve in unpredictable ways, and as they grow and change, it sometimes makes sense for the corporate structure to change with it.

Warren Buffett, for example, morphed Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A, BRK.B) from a textile manufacturer into a dominant international holding company worth nearly $350 billion. Today, Berkshire Hathaway has a hand in businesses entirely unrelated to one another; its portfolio ranges from insurance and railroads to ketchup, airplane parts and chocolates.

By allowing these companies to operate independently of one another, Buffett has reaped massive returns for both himself and his shareholders. No wonder they call him the "Oracle of Omaha."

Google's new Alphabet structure divides the company into a handful of distinct entities: Google X (the company's so-called "moonshot" projects are the most out-of-the-box ideas, such as driverless cars and Google Glass), Fiber (high-speed internet), Google Ventures (venture capital), Google Capital (long-term tech investment), Calico (studying ways to increase human lifespan), Nest (smart home products including smoke alarms, thermostats and cameras), and of course Google itself, with its core search business as well as bellwethers like Android, YouTube, and Maps.

Kris Duggan, CEO of BetterWorks, a Silicon Valley-based software company aimed at helping organizations, says that Google simply "outgrew their old management structure." That can happen in any large company, but it was especially true for Google.

"For Google, innovation has been all about experimentation and they've managed to turn experiments into real businesses that impact the world. Thanks to this constant innovation, we'll see segments of Google compete against Uber, Tesla (TSLA) and other top companies for years to come," Duggan says.

"Altering the company structure to accommodate independent units equipped with independent leaders, will allow for even more diverse and innovative ideas and projects in the future," he says.

In other words, when ambitious companies become overly diversified, why keep the business lines tied together?

Brand confusion/distinction. Independence and innovation aren't the only benefits Google will reap from its restructuring.

Take it from Peter LaMotte, senior vice president and chief of digital engagement at Levick, a communications firm with offices in New York, Chicago and Washington, D.C.:

"The reorganization also serves to reduce risk by creating barriers between the brands," LaMotte says. "Should one business suffer a crisis or reputational disaster, it is far less likely to be associated with the business engine that will remain under the Google name. This separation allows for more risks to be taken in emerging business lines now that direct association with Google is reduced."

Reorganization   depending on the type   can also have legal and regulatory benefits while allowing investors greater options.

In 2003, says LaMotte, Philip Morris changed its name to Altria Group, which became the parent company of both Philip Morris entities. "In 2008, Altria spun off Phillip Morris International from Phillip Morris USA, which was designed to give international distributors of Marlboro more freedom from domestic legal and regulatory restraints," LaMotte says. "This also allowed stakeholders to invest in the international tobacco business at a time when the domestic tobacco market was in decline."

Whether it's avoiding reputational risks or giving investors more flexibility, parent companies do, after all, serve a practical purpose.

Focus on the big picture. Lastly, and perhaps most importantly, a restructuring may become necessary to keep management focused on big-picture ideas without getting bogged down in the nitty-gritty.

Anil K. Gupta, a business professor at the University of Maryland, thinks this is especially relevant to Google. Despite Page's brilliance, he says, "It's unreasonable to expect him to be making the final call on products across a portfolio as wide-ranging as Google's had become. You can't have two dozen or more business units reporting to one person. It's not manageable."

Even Google competitor Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) is familiar with this problem, Gupta says.

"In 2005, Microsoft consolidated seven divisions into three: product platforms and services, the business division and an entertainment and devices division," Gupta says. "Three years later, it reorganized the platforms division further, separating Windows from online services. Microsoft constantly faces the question: 'How can you regroup to operate most efficiently?'" Just 13 stocks beat Google since IPO  Google's Alphabet Move: Marketing Mistake or Trend-Setting? " Marketer's Note" is a weekly column informing marketers about the rapidly evolving digital marketing technology ecosystem.

This week, it is written by Melissa Parrish, executive director of AdExchanger Research.

Google is rarely out of the news, but thanks to the coverage over the last couple of weeks I ve found myself thinking about the behemoth more for its brand equity and power than for its digital platforms and marketing technology.

The company s financial restructuring under a new holding company entity called Alphabet Inc. is fascinating   and not just because we re all trying to read between the lines and figure out what the real motivation was. Even though Google s move is primarily geared to the business community, rather than the everyday Internet user, from a marketing point of view the rollout is marked by a few things that would be considered rookie mistakes in the hands of all but a few special companies.

First, the name was already taken   online and off. On Facebook, Alphabet has official company and product pages, as well as parody pages, so it looks like it s covered there. On Twitter, however, it appears to be the parody account. The twitter handle @alphabetinc was already taken by a small company in Jakarta (that hadn t tweeted a thing in a year and a half until Google s announcement). So, as TechCrunch points out, Google s parent had sat on @aIphabetinc   with a capital  i  instead of an l   but as I write this, Twitter has suspended that account, presumably because it looks like it s trying to spoof a legitimate Twitter user.

Second, there s the URL   abc.xyz. By now, everybody knows that BMW owns alphabet.com. There was a time when a company would change its name just to get a .com   see this article from Forbes in 2006 bemoaning the rise of web companies with no vowels in their names in order to secure a .com URL   but clearly this isn t an issue for the new Alphabet Inc. What interests me most about this whole thing though isn t whether or not it s going to try to get BMW to give up a brand and URL it has had for almost 20 years; it s what we ve learned about the people interested in Alphabet Inc.

There were numerous reports that traffic to alphabet.com soared more than 5,000% after Larry Page s announcement. But why? His blog post clearly states the new URL, so either a ton of people didn t read the whole announcement, or they read about it from other media coverage. And then those people did something that would ve been totally remarkable a decade ago (or two years ago if you re my parents): They typed alphabet.com directly into their browsers. They didn t go to google.com and search for  Alphabet Inc.  or  Google Alphabet  or even  Alphabet.com. 

Those searches would have clearly revealed that alphabet.com wasn t where they wanted to go. So allowing for the obvious fact that people who are interested in Google news are likely more tech-savvy than the general population, can we extrapolate that the days are over when our friends and family would go to google.com and type  facebook  into the search bar instead of just typing facebook.com into the browser?

From a search visibility standpoint, Alphabet was largely undiscoverable in its first week of existence. As of early this week, about half the searches I conducted on various browsers resulted in no organic search link on the first page. (I did see some paid ads.) That makes sense, of course, because it s a brand-new website without a lot of content. It also means that Alphabet s marketers don t freak out the way every other marketer would if their new brand started with zero search engine mojo.

And finally, what about that wacky .xyz domain? Alphabet gave itself a name that was already taken both online and off and then created a site at a URL that both doesn t contain its name at all and uses a gTLD that almost nobody s ever used before. A mistake in anybody else s hands to be sure, but it becomes a trend in Alphabet s: The guy who owns .xyzreports that prior to the announcement he was fielding about 3,000 requests for .xyz domains every day. Now it s up to 20,000.

So what s the lesson here? Don t worry about your company name? Grab whatever URL is available? Keep your paid search budget low? I think it s more basic than that: Power lets you push boundaries in ways that would doom a smaller brand, so it s important to not follow their lead.

Well, that and: Register your [brand].xyz URL before a domain squatter does. Synthorx Makes Proteins Using Expanded Alphabet of Synthetic DNA Synthorx Makes Proteins Using Expanded Alphabet of Synthetic DNA

Xconomy San Diego  

A synthetic biology startup that grabbed headlines last year by inserting synthesized DNA in bacteria and getting it to replicate said yesterday it has taken its technology a step further engineering the bacteria to make proteins that don t exist in nature.

The advance announced by San Diego-based Synthorx has not yet been reported in a scientific journal, as the company plans to keep some aspects of its work secret. But if the results hold up, the process pioneered by Synthorx could open the way to important new methods for producing an enormously diverse range of biologic products, including antibody drugs for cancer, vaccines, and both large and small protein therapeutics.

 You can literally make millions of proteins on a daily basis,  Synthorx CEO Court Turner told me yesterday afternoon.

Using synthetic DNA to make proteins is an unprecedented advance because the technology can incorporate multiple and different amino acids into proteins and do it in a robust and scalable way, Turner said.

Synthorx is now poised to produce proteins that include scores of amino acids that don t exist in nature. The company intends to use the technology to develop its own internal drug discovery pipeline, and to seek partnerships with big biotech and pharmaceutical companies that can use the technology to expand and diversify their own drug discovery and development processes.

Turner, who does double duty as a venture partner with San Diego s Avalon Ventures, helped found Synthorx last year on technology developed in the lab of Floyd Romesberg of The Scripps Research Institute. Avalon joined with San Diego s Correlation Ventures to make an undisclosed seed-stage investment in Synthorx.

The startup now has eight full-time employees, which will expand to 10 or 12 by mid-2016, and has enough cash to operate well into 2017, Turner said.

In landmark research published last year in the journal Nature, Romesberg s team created two synthetic nucleotides dubbed X and Y (d5SICSTP and dNaMTP), and successfully inserted the unnatural base pair in DNA, which normally consists of four nucleotides (A,C, T, and G). The team then coaxed E. coli bacteria containing the synthetic DNA (with six nucleotides A,C,T, G, X, and Y) to successfully replicate with no changes in its synthesized DNA.

Synthorx says the integration of the X and Y synthetic nucleotides with DNA significantly expands the genetic alphabet, and promises to allow for site-specific incorporation of multiple, different novel amino acids into a single protein.

More letters in the genetic alphabet makes for more possible codons the three letters that link to a particular amino acid building block. Synthorx said last year that its technology made it theoretically possible to use the 20 existing amino acids with as many as 152 synthetic amino acids to assemble proteins that would be unknown in nature and have a host of new functions.

The work begun in Romesberg s lab subsequently moved to Synthorx, where scientists used the synthesized DNA and the cellular machinery that assembles proteins from amino acids to make full-length and functional proteins out of amino acids that don t exist in nature.

Asked if the process is analogous to the development of combinatorial chemistry in the 1980s and  90s, Romesberg replied in an e-mail,  Combichem promised to identify compounds with new structures but composed of the same types of groups.

 The technology that Synthorx and my lab are developing promises to add entirely new types of groups to proteins (which are of course now validated therapeutics) which should not just optimize already existing activities (or arrangements of atoms like combinatorial chemistry does) but to add completely new functions.  
2015-08-13
What Google's Alphabet Means for Investors and Wall Street Given Google s (GOOG, GOOGL) historical success and presence in the global community, it is unexpected that they are restructuring corporate operations. With significant media attention this past week, Google launched its new holding company, Alphabet Inc., which will act as an umbrella to Google and all its subsidiaries. Under the new structure, Google Inc. will no longer house all of Google s ventures, but instead maintain its core business. As part of the change, CEO Larry Page and President Sergey Brin will transition from executives of Google to executives of Alphabet. The news took the tech community by surprise, but it also has implications for Wall Street.

Breaking down Alphabet Inc.

What had previously housed all of Google s ventures, Google Inc. will now act as a division of Alphabet Inc. The smaller Google will continue to run its search and advertising, YouTube, Chrome, Android, and maps. The other businesses, such as Calico, Nest, Google Ventures, Google Capital and Google X will be managed separately from the core Google business. By creating a holding company, future acquisitions will theoretically remain independent entities and will not require integration with Google products.

Management

Moving forward, Larry Page and Sergey Brin assume the role of CEO and President of Alphabet respectively, with Sundar Pichai having been promoted to CEO of Google s core business. Likewise, many division heads will now have executive positions of their respective subsidiary. With many new leaders in place, each business can be more effectively managed and attended to.

Shutterstock photo Shutterstock photo

If you are a Google shareholder, there is no need to worry. Following the reorganization, current Google shareholders will now own Alphabet stock. Each share of each class of Google stock issued and or outstanding prior to the merger will automatically convert into an equivalent shares of Alphabet stock. According to the SEC filing, Alphabet stock will hold the same designations, rights, powers and preferences, qualifications, limitations and restrictions as the corresponding share of converted Google stock. Simply put, the same dual share structure currently in place with Google Inc. will apply to Alphabet Inc.

Investor Reaction

The news of Google s corporate restructuring resonated well with investor confidence. Alphabet stock saw Class A (GOOGL) shares rise 4.10% and Class C (GOOG) shares up 4.27% following Tuesday s trading hours. Investors praised the move, anticipating that it will provide clarity and transparency to revenue drivers of Google s core business. It is believed this new corporate structure will lead to more detailed reporting of each business unit. No longer will Google s side projects influence the true profitability of its core business.

Risk

By reorganizing into a holding company, Alphabet, Google is embracing the idea of doing lots of new things. While this was not the intention, Alphabet s structure closely resembles a conglomerate such as Berkshire Hathaway (BRK-A, BRK-B). Like other giant internet companies Facebook (FB) and Amazon (AMZN), Google currently encompasses a number of different entities from self-driving cars to a biotech company in Calico. Page and Brin view these moonshot investments as opportunities to stimulate future growth. Whether or not they are successful, Google s restructure will create transparency on the financials of these individual units. In the long run, it remains to be seen how investors will react with this information readily available in future reports.

Conclusion

Given Google s illustrious history, the reorganization to Alphabet came as a surprise to many. Within its framework, Page and Brin aim to improve transparency, invest in the future, empower employees and improve lives. If we have learned anything from Google in recent years, this will be followed by more groundbreaking announcements. Your Guide to the 81 Parts of Google's Alphabet Wells Fargo CFO Says Scandal Costs Will Abate This Year

44:32 - Wells Fargo CFO John Shrewsberry discusses the company's first-quarter earnings and the fallout from the bank's fake-account scandal. He speaks with Bloomberg's Julie Hyman, Joe Weisenthal and Abigail Doolittle on "What'd You Miss?" (Source: Bloomberg) Moody's says that Google's announcement of new parent holding company unlikely ... Email Research Recipient email addresses will not be used in mailing lists or redistributed. Recipient's

Email

Use semicolon to separate each address, limit to 20 addresses. Enter the

characters you see Can't read?

Try a new set Send Cancel Email Research Thank you for your interest in sharing Moody's Research. You have reached the daily limit of Research email sharings. OK Thank you! You have successfully sent the research.

Please note: some research requires a paid subscription in order to access. OK Related Issuers Google Inc. Related Research Credit Opinion: Google Inc. Rating Action: Moody's withdraws Google Inc.'s debt ratings following completion of the Alphabet notes exchange Announcement: Moody's says The European Union's new antitrust charges against Alphabet (Aa2) will not likely impact its Aa2 credit ratings Issuer Comment: Alphabet Inc.: The European Union s new antitrust charges against Alphabet (Aa2) will not likely impact its Aa2 credit ratings Rating Action: Moody's assigns Prime-1 short-term rating to Alphabet Inc. and Aa2 rating to its new senior unsecured notes Announcement: Moody's says that Google's announcement of new parent holding company unlikely to impact its Aa2 credit rating over near term, but long term questions remain Global Credit Research - 12 Aug 2015 New York, August 12, 2015 -- Moody's Investors Service said that Google's (Aa2 stable) announced intention to change its legal structure is not expected to impact the company's credit rating or rating outlook within the intermediate-term, but could potentially play a role over the long-term depending upon the company's final decisions regarding the support for the company's debt. The company's announcement stated that changes are underway to have Google, which currently is the publicly listed, parent holding company and issuer of the company's debt, add a new parent holding company named Alphabet above it. The announcement also stated that it intends to hive off and manage separately most if not all of Google's think tank and speculative investment projects, placing them in separate sister companies beneath Alphabet. Most of the company's significant current revenue and profits will continue to reside within Google, which is the primary support for the credit rating. While its numerous startup projects, businesses and investments such Calico, Nest, and Fiber, as well as its investing arms, such as Google Ventures and Google Capital, and incubator projects, such as Google X, and other cutting edge research will likely be removed from the Google legal entity via the creation of new Alphabet subsidiaries, Moody's believes that Google generates substantially all of the company's profit, so it is likely that part of the profit it generates will continue to be used to fund these investments. Because many of the decisions surrounding the separation of these other investment subsidiaries have yet to be finalized, no details have been reported. Moody's believes that potential long-term concerns surrounding the changes could occur in a scenario where the existing Google operations become mature and potentially decline, and some of the start-up or speculative businesses which it has been incubating and funding become successful and material. However, Google's bond holders may not benefit from the diverse and potentially material operations, having no explicit support from, or recourse to, those sister subsidiaries unless the company were to provide cross guarantees between them and Google or at least a downstream guarantee from Alphabet, which would mean that Google bondholders would have a claim on the equity in those other subsidiaries so long as they remain beneath Alphabet (not spun off). Other important questions about the changes arise such as where will the company maintain its very large cash balances and financial investments in the absence of any guarantees? Which company will be the issuer of debt in the future -- Google or Alphabet? And will there be upstream and downstream guarantees to eliminate the potential for structural subordination in the event that Alphabet is the future issuer of debt? If these issues are not adequately addressed to protect bondholders, the credit ratings could be constrained from potential future upward migration or could face reassessment to the downside over time. This publication does not announce a credit rating action. For any credit ratings referenced in this publication, please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page on www.moodys.com for the most updated credit rating action information and rating history. Neil Begley

Senior Vice President

Corporate Finance Group

Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

250 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10007

U.S.A.

JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376

SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653

John Diaz

MD - Corporate Finance

Corporate Finance Group

JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376

SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653

Releasing Office:

Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

250 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10007

U.S.A.

JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376

SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653

Moody's says that Google's announcement of new parent holding company unlikely to impact its Aa2 credit rating over near term, but long term questions remain No Related Data.



CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC. AND ITS RATINGS AFFILIATES ( MIS ) ARE MOODY S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES, AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS MAY INCLUDE MOODY S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES. MOODY S DEFINES CREDIT RISK AS THE RISK THAT AN ENTITY MAY NOT MEET ITS CONTRACTUAL, FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS AS THEY COME DUE AND ANY ESTIMATED FINANCIAL LOSS IN THE EVENT OF DEFAULT. CREDIT RATINGS DO NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER RISK, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: LIQUIDITY RISK, MARKET VALUE RISK, OR PRICE VOLATILITY. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S OPINIONS INCLUDED IN MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT STATEMENTS OF CURRENT OR HISTORICAL FACT. MOODY S PUBLICATIONS MAY ALSO INCLUDE QUANTITATIVE MODEL-BASED ESTIMATES OF CREDIT RISK AND RELATED OPINIONS OR COMMENTARY PUBLISHED BY MOODY S ANALYTICS, INC. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR PROVIDE INVESTMENT OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, AND CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT AND DO NOT PROVIDE RECOMMENDATIONS TO PURCHASE, SELL, OR HOLD PARTICULAR SECURITIES. NEITHER CREDIT RATINGS NOR MOODY S PUBLICATIONS COMMENT ON THE SUITABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR. MOODY S ISSUES ITS CREDIT RATINGS AND PUBLISHES MOODY S PUBLICATIONS WITH THE EXPECTATION AND UNDERSTANDING THAT EACH INVESTOR WILL, WITH DUE CARE, MAKE ITS OWN STUDY AND EVALUATION OF EACH SECURITY THAT IS UNDER CONSIDERATION FOR PURCHASE, HOLDING, OR SALE.



MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER.



ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT.



All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided  AS IS  without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody s publications.



To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY S.



To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information.



NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER.



Moody s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody s Corporation ( MCO ), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at



Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY S affiliate, Moody s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to  wholesale clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a  wholesale client  and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to  retail clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser.



Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. ( MJKK ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody s SF Japan K.K. ( MSFJ ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ( NRSRO ). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively.



MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000.



MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements.

  2017 Moody s Corporation, Moody s Investors Service, Inc., Moody s Analytics, Inc. and/or their licensors and affiliates (collectively,  MOODY S ). All rights reserved.MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER.ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT.All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided  AS IS  without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody s publications.To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY S.To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information.NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER.Moody s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody s Corporation ( MCO ), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at www.moodys.com under the heading  Investor Relations   Corporate Governance   Director and Shareholder Affiliation Policy. Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY S affiliate, Moody s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to  wholesale clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a  wholesale client  and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to  retail clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser.Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. ( MJKK ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody s SF Japan K.K. ( MSFJ ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ( NRSRO ). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively.MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000.MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements. Google's Transformation Into Alphabet Could Stimulate Med Tech Google's Transformation Into Alphabet Could Stimulate Med Tech

By Jof Enriquez

Follow me on Twitter @jofenriq

The reorganization of Google into a collection of companies promises to elevate its health-centric "moonshot" projects into viable ventures that could disrupt the healthcare and medical technology industries.

As announced in a blog post, Google is restructuring into a holding company called Alphabet, under which Google will continue on as a subsidiary focusing on Internet and mobile-related services. Former Google businesses, which have made forays into health, will now operate as standalone companies under the new umbrella company.

"This newer Google is a bit slimmed down, with the companies that are pretty far afield of our main internet products contained in Alphabet instead. What do we mean by far afield? Good examples are our health efforts: Life Sciences (that works on the glucose-sensing contact lens), and Calico (focused on longevity). Fundamentally, we believe this allows us more management scale, as we can run things independently that aren t very related," Larry Page, Alphabet CEO, wrote in the blog post.

Page adds that Alphabet will "rigorously handle capital allocation and work to make sure each business is executing well."

Financially, healthcare has become a stronger priority for the company. Google Ventures has quadrupled its investments in healthcare companies from 9 percent in 2012 and 2013, to 36 percent in 2014, according to Forbes. That investment is indicative of the company's interest in the multi-trillion-dollar healthcare industry, a relative holdout against technological disruption.

Perhaps more importantly, under Alphabet, former Google units now operating independently with their own management teams could pursue health projects more aggressively.

"It positions the tech company to expand into health care, which could be very healthy for its long-term fortunes," according to Forbes contributor Dan Diamond, who adds, "shifting from Google to Alphabet could catalyze a new wave of product development."

Specifically, medical device development has been a major focus for Google's former units, which were busy on ambitious projects well before the shake-up.

For instance, just one day after announcing the creation of Alphabet, the company announced that Life Sciences is partnering with diabetes device company Dexcom to develop miniaturized and disposable continuous glucose monitoring (CGM) sensors. It's the second notable partnership in diabetes management made by the Life Sciences team, the first being a collaboration with Novartis to make  smart  contact lenses that measure glucose levels in tears.

Life Sciences also is developing a wristband that can detect cancer using nanoparticles.

Google s former experimental research and development department, Google X, will also become independent. It has been working on Baseline Study, a genetic and molecular mapping project of the human body. Google X developed the Google Glass eyewear, which one recent study demonstrated to be helpful in emergency rooms.

Calico, a company researching age-related diseases and potential therapies, is rumored to have funding equivalent to that of the National Institute on Aging's, which was around $1.2 billion in 2014, according to Modern Healthcare, although details are sparse on how exactly it would implement its ambitious plans.

A more recent project is Google's joint venture with Johnson & Johnson to develop a surgical robotics platform.

Google, with its huge resources and drive for innovation, has already shown its ability to create products with the potential to disrupt healthcare. By separating units into nimble, independent companies keenly interested in this field, its restructuring could add further momentum gain to medtech development. Google's Alphabet Move Is Reorganizing 101 The announcement that Google would be reorganized into a holding company named Alphabet has already been interpreted in multiple, often conflicting, ways. Joseph Bower, a strategy professor at Harvard Business School, offers up the simplest interpretation possible: The company s leaders are doing exactly what executives have done, under similar circumstances, since the 1920s. In other words, it s Management 101. What follows is an edited version of our conversation.

HBR: As a student of corporate strategy, how do you interpret the move to create Alphabet out of Google and its assorted businesses?

Bower: It s a simple, classic move. At a certain point, companies recognize that they re in multiple businesses, and that they will be better managed if they organize into business divisions, essentially. Alfred Chandler wrote about this back in the 1960s and the 1970s; DuPont was one of the earliest examples he studied.

It s a very sensible thing to do.

So will Alphabet be a conglomerate?

We don t know yet whether it will be a conglomerate or a multi-divisional corporation. Brin and Page and the new CEO could adopt a holding-company strategy: something like Berkshire Hathaway or Loews, whose businesses are not really connected to each other. Warren Buffett doesn t move talent from one company to another.

Or they could behave more like GE and choose to become a classic corporation, where top management allocates resources   cash and talent   among the different companies and supports a strong corporate culture.

Which direction makes more sense, from your point of view?

Either could work, and I don t think they know yet which is a better bet, so it s just as well that they ve left it open. If it turns out that the people who are good at search are also good at making driver-less cars, then maybe it should be a traditional corporation. That would allow them to treat Google as a cash cow   pull cash out of that and into the more future-oriented businesses.

But you could make just as good an argument on the other side. If one business is capital intensive and others are not if one business model is throwing off a lot of cash today and another will take years to pay off they need to be managed very differently.

How will this change affect Google s very talented and independent workforce, in the near term?

That s a great question   and my answer relates to what I just said about different business models needing different management systems. If what it takes to operate the businesses and make them successful are fundamentally similar, then it will be helpful to have a unifying corporate culture so that knowledge and learning get shared. But if they are really different, then any attempts at corporate synergy will simply frustrate people. My guess is that in businesses that depend on truly great creative talent, there are fewer economies of scale or scope than one might think.

Take Harvard University. We have great centers of bio-genetic science in several different schools. Would the institution be better  would they be better?   if they were made to work together? I suspect not.

Is it unusual that the founders are still deeply involved at this inflection point?

No, I don t think so. More and more, we re seeing that founders of successful businesses like to stick around. Gordon Moore and Andy Grove were at Intel for decades. And for all the talk about hyper-fast change, a lot of successful companies tend to have very slow turnover at the top. Jeffrey Immelt is only the thirteenth CEO of GE, I believe.

Do you think this move was in part a response to pressure from Wall Street?

I don t think it has anything to do with Wall Street. Google has two classes of stock, so the founders can afford to ignore pressure from activist investors. Basically, they can do whatever they want to.

These are smart people. They re doing what the business needs them to do. Google Already Consulted With Top Geneticist on Mosquito Project, Hinting at ... Alphabet, Google s new holding company and moonshot incubator, may soon take a crack at a longtime obsession of biological researchers: Deploying genetically modified mosquitoes to fight disease. That s a particular interest of Linus Upson, a Google engineering VP who co-created the Chrome browser but left that team last October.

The Information reported yesterday that Upson has voiced this interest internally. But, the publication noted, it is unclear if Google has hired any scientists for the endeavor.

It has talked to one, Re/code has learned. George Church, a leading geneticist and molecular engineer at Harvard University, said he has had discussions with both Upson and Alphabet chief Larry Page about his research that uses CRISPR, a powerful gene-editing technique.

Google declined to comment.

Some companies are relying on similar genetic editing with mosquitoes for profit, such as a pesticide alternative. Church said that Page and Upson have primarily expressed interest in the technology s ability to combat diseases like malaria and dengue fever. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation has funded this type of research.  We re not anticipating it will be a commercial success,  Church said.  It might be easier to go the philanthropic route through the Gates Foundation or Google. 

The scale of the health issue is massive, suiting Alphabet s aim: Around 3.2 billion people are at risk of malaria, which caused an estimated half a million deaths in 2013, according to the World Health Organization. An estimated 390 million people are infected with dengue fever yearly.

My colleague James Temple wrote at length about Church and the budding industry of genetic research last year   it s well worth a read to understand the subject.

Church is also the co-founder of Editas Medicine, a startup that uses genetic engineering to develop therapeutic products. On Monday, Editas closed a $120 million funding round led by Boris Nikolic, whose fund is backed by Bill Gates. Google Ventures, soon an entity within Alphabet, was also involved.

Church stressed that his conversations with Upson focused on the research applied to mosquitoes, not Editas  work on human gene therapies nor the Google Ventures funding. The two met at a recent DARPA event.

Upson, a Googler since 2005, built the initial Chrome browser with incoming Google CEO Sundar Pichai, and led engineering for Chrome until October. It s not clear what he has been working on since. But this type of project   an ambitious entry into a field beyond the Internet   fits with the nascent portrait we have of Alphabet, which Page designed, in part, to retain executives.

Page himself has expressed interest in genetic editing research, Church noted, although their conversations are not limited to that topic.  I have talked to Larry about a whole diverse set of things,  he said. Everything From A to Z: Google Creates a Winning Brand Platform With Alphabet Google's recent announcement that it is creating a holding company named Alphabet shows a level of brand sophistication not seen before from the search giant. Apart from acquisitions of other brands such as Android and YouTube, most Google brand names have been line extensions such as Google+, Froogle, Google Maps, Google Docs, Google Alerts, Google Analytics. While many of these gave some indications as to what the product is, others such as Google+, did not add much value.

Line Extensions

As a branding strategy, line extensions typically have one important benefit - they give comfort to buyers of new products if they like and trust the corporate brand. They work best if the company has a good reputation for the product area represented by a line extension. That is, if IBM is known as "the computer company" calling its first microcomputer offering in 1981 the "IBM PC" was a good idea. The proof? It was a big hit.

When they don't work

Unfortunately, line extensions typically do not work well in some cases.

Company is too closely identified with a type of product and introduces a different product type for which it is not known. IBM came out with a copier line that many thought was better than Xerox. It did not sell well because IBM was not known for copiers. Ironically, Xerox introduced its personal computer in the 1980s. It was not a winner. Xerox is known for copiers -- not computers. The line extension in these cases did not work. Why? If your corporate brand is too closely identified with a certain type of product, introducing a product that is a departure from those for which your company is known under the same corporate brand is quite often a mistake. There are rare exceptions -- especially in Japan where lineage is extremely important (Yamaha motorcycles, musical instruments, motorcycles, etc.). A disaster could taint other products. If the company uses a line extension and the product blows up or the company acquires a bad image, the damage can spill over to the other products. BP was known as British Petroleum, and changed its branding to mean "Beyond Petroleum" to acquire a softer more environmentally friendly image. BP acquired the ARCO brand and was in the process of changing ARCO gas stations to BP. Then the 2010 oil spill happened. Many stopped buying their gas at BP stations, and BP changed many of the converted gas stations back to ARCO.

Google's biggest line extension mistake

When Google introduced its social media product that was intended to be a Facebook killer, it used the brand name Google+. Why was this a big brand mistake?

Too closely identified as a search engine company. Google was primarily known as the search engine company (case 1 in the section above). What is the product? Google+ implies a better search engine. Since the new product was intended for social media, many were confused. The "plus" often creates a "minus" for the non-plus brand. There are so many examples. A classic case is that of Alka Seltzer (a stomach medicine) and Alka Seltzer Plus (a cold medicine). People were confused because they thought Alka Seltzer plus was a better stomach medicine. What's worse, they thought of regular Alka Seltzer as Alka Seltzer minus. Sales of both fell.

Proof that Google+ was a mistake

Google+ has fallen far short of expectations despite Google's best efforts to promote it. An ex-Google executive has called it a "stupid Facebook clone." Even worse, many are calling Google+ a failure.

What's good about the Alphabet branding platform?

The fact that Google has chosen to name its holding company Alphabet enables Google to widen out its corporate brand platform to accommodate virtually any type of product without harming the Google brand. Here are just a few of the benefits.

Unlimited expansion potential. Alphabet implies the company does anything and everything from A to Z. Minimizes possibility of major brand damage. If one of the products in its line or family blows up the brand damage is much less likely to carry over to the other products. Listed before rivals. It can appear before its arch rivals (Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and Microsoft) in directories.

Indication it is already working well

After the announcement of the holding company name, Google stock shot up 27 points. This is only one indicator, but so far the name and its branding implications appear to be a sure winner.

I hope the examples and lessons contained in this post help you with your branding. Best of luck. Lenovo says Motorola acquisition still 'right decision' Lenovo and Motorola smartphones are displayed during a news conference in Hong Kong, China May 21, 2015. REUTERS/Bobby Yip

BEIJING Lenovo Group Ltd (0992.HK) chairman and chief executive Yang Yuanqing defended the company's $2.91 billion acquisition of handset brand Motorola on Thursday, saying the unit will help it become a global smartphone player despite a steep fall in shipment volumes.

"I still believe this acquisition was the right decision," he told Reuters in an interview Thursday after Lenovo announced quarterly revenue below expectations.

Yang said a restructuring effort to streamline Motorola and Lenovo's legacy smartphone division will take two to three quarters, while the company will prioritize global sales over the Chinese market, which has proved "definitely challenging."

(Reporting by Gerry Shih; Editing by Richard Pullin) 
2015-02-03
Alibaba's Jack Ma dethroned as China's richest by solar magnate: report Alibaba Group Holding Ltd chairman Jack Ma reacts as he speaks to journalists after holding a talk by Our Hong Kong Foundation in Hong Kong February 2, 2015. REUTERS/Bobby Yip

BEIJING Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's Jack Ma is no longer China's richest man, according to a report on Tuesday, with the top spot snatched by Li Hejun, a solar energy entrepreneur whose Hanergy Holding Group Ltd has come under fire for its intragroup dealings.

E-commerce tycoon Ma and his family slipped to No. 3 in China, and No. 34 globally, on the Hurun Global Rich List, with a personal wealth of $24.5 billion. He was pipped by Li with a net worth of $26 billion. The No. 2 spot was held by Dalian Wanda Commercial Properties Co Ltd's Wang Jianlin and his family.

Li's Hanergy Group has been the subject of analyst concern over what the Financial Times last week called "unconventional practices" between the firm and its $19.7 billion Hong Kong-listed subsidiary Hanergy Thin Film Power Group Ltd.

Most of the subsidiary's reported revenue since 2010 came from equipment sales to its parent and a large chunk of contracts were unpaid as of 2013, the FT reported. (here#axzz3QeHf2tJr)

Hanergy Thin Film Power Group will "expand our customer base and diversify our source of revenue" and the majority of contracts owed had been repaid, the company said in a filing to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange last week addressing the FT report.

Just one of the world's top 20 wealthiest people came from Greater China though it minted more billionaires than anywhere else in the past year. Hong Kong magnate Li Ka-shing was at No. 16 with a net worth of $32 billion, while the rest were mainly from the United States. Microsoft Corp founder Bill Gates topped the list with $85 billion, beating Mexico telecoms tycoon Carlos Slim.

Still, Greater China, with 430 billionaires, accounted for more than anywhere except the U.S., which had 537. The next closest was India with a distant 97.

Alibaba's Ma partly dropped on the list after his company's stock price fell more than 13 percent in the past week, sending shares to a three-month low, in the wake of disappointing quarterly results on Thursday and an unusually public spat with a Chinese regulator. [ID:nL4N0V85W8][ID:nL4N0V97J4]

China's real estate, manufacturing and technology industries were the chief creators of wealth, the Hurun report showed. Richard Liu, chief executive of JD.com Inc, Alibaba's biggest rival in e-commerce, saw his wealth quadrupled to $6.7 billion after leading his firm to a New York listing in 2014, becoming the biggest gainer of the year.

China's domestic stock market rally also accounted for some of the new billionaires in China, Hurun said.

(Reporting by Beijing Newsroom and Paul Carsten; Editing by Christopher Cushing) Google vs. Uber: The Fight to Drive the World Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

36:33 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-06-03
Google's (GOOG) CEO Larry Page Hosts 2015 Annual Meeting of Stockholders ...  India launches 'Lost and Found' website to find missing children NEW DELHI (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The Indian government has launched a "Lost and Found" website to help families trace the tens of thousands of children in the country who go missing every year - often abducted for forced labor or sexual exploitation - and are never found.

The "Khoya Paya", or "Lost and Found", website khoyapaya.gov.in was launched by India's Minister for Women and Child Development Maneka Gandhi, who said the portal would allow parents to register details of missing children and citizens to report sightings.

The information will be shared in real time with police and state authorities, who are mandated to register the complaint and investigate the case.

"It was felt that we could have this portal, where if a child goes missing, families can put the details and the picture onto Khoya Paya," Gandhi said on Tuesday at an event to launch the website, which is the first of its kind in India.

"Then if you see the child anywhere, you can upload information and then the police see if they can correlate it."

Around 70,000 children go missing every year in India, Gandhi said, citing figures from the National Crime Records Bureau. But only 73,597 children have been traced between January 2012 and April 2015, she added.

Child rights activists and government officials say that many of the country's missing children come from poor rural areas or urban slums where they are at high risk.

"Most of the missing children are trafficked for labor, for sexual exploitation, abducted, or kidnapped ... They could be runaways from home, or simply be lost," said a government statement.

"This is the reason that it is not only important to get the information related to these missing children, but it is equally important that the information is exchanged speedily to locate the children."

It said that social media could play "a pivotal role" in the search for missing children, as it would mean faster reporting.

Child rights activists welcomed the initiative and dismissed claims that it would only serve a small fraction of the country's population, around 25 percent of whom are Internet users.

"Even if people do not know how to use the Internet or have access, they can enlist the help of the village council members, an NGO, or local officials to register their case," said Ravi Kant, president of Shakti Vahini, an anti-trafficking charity.

"Many NGOs like ours have already being going out into communities where children are at high risk and informing people of Khoya Paya and how they can use it. It is a good step towards finding our missing children."

(Reporting by Nita Bhalla, editing by Alisa Tang. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit www.trust.org) 
2015-04-17
3 Companies Are Helping Microsoft Corporation Steal Android From Google Inc. Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) might often seem like an invincible beast, but one of its core weaknesses is the fragmentation of Android. Android is an open source operating system, which means that anyone can modify it.

Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), for example, replaced Google's services with its own in Android to create Fire OS. That practice, known as "forking," prevents Google from monetizing Android with app sales and search revenue. According to ABI Research, forked Android devices accounted for 29% of the entire Android market in 2014.

The removal of Google services from Android opens up an interesting opportunity for Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT). Windows Phones accounted for less than 3% of the global smartphone market last quarter, but the company started launching first-party apps including Office 365, OneDrive, and Bing on iOS and Android to expand its ecosystem.

Convincing die-hard Google users to install those apps on Android can be tough, but Microsoft recently forged partnerships with several major smartphone OEMs to exploit Google's weakening grip on Android.

Samsung: Google's frenemy is now Microsoft's ally

Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), the world's largest Android device maker, recently agreed to pre-install Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, OneDrive, and Skype on its new phones and tablets. Pre-installing these apps could tether more Samsung owners to Microsoft's ecosystem instead of Google's.

This deal also helps Samsung, which has been looking for ways to free itself from Google's ecosystem. It wants to do this for two reasons: it's tired of competing against hordes of cheaper Android devices, and it's sick of Google setting rules for how much it can modify Android.

To loosen Google's grip, Samsung launched replacement services for several of Google's apps. It launched its own Galaxy App Store and streaming music service, Milk, to compete against Google Play. It launched a fitness tracking app, S Health, to replace Google Fit. It also introduced Samsung Pay to compete against Android Pay. Samsung further launched Tizen, its own mobile OS. That's why Samsung teamed up with Microsoft -- the latter's cloud-based productivity apps fill in the gaps in Samsung's vision of a Google-free ecosystem.

Unfortunately, that grand plan recently ran into some problems. AT&T and Verizon, the two top U.S. wireless carriers, refused to pre-install Microsoft's apps on Samsung's new S6 devices for unknown reasons. Nonetheless, Microsoft also signed similar deals with 11 other OEMs, including Dell, so carrier interference is unlikely to cripple the entire effort.

Cyanogen: Making Android-powered Windows Phones

Cyanogen, which modified Android into its own OS, CyanogenMod, is an outspoken opponent of Google. Its CEO, Kirk McMaster, recently told Forbes that his company was "putting a bullet through Google's head" by reclaiming Android from the search giant. Cyanogen's approach is similar to the one employed by Amazon and Samsung -- it strips Google's services out of Android and encourages users and OEMs to replace them with alternative apps.

Microsoft recently formed a strategic partnership with Cyanogen to help McMaster's company boot Google out of Android devices. Like Samsung, Cyanogen agreed to install Microsoft's main mobile apps and services -- including Office, Skype, Bing, and Outlook -- on its devices. That move essentially turns Cyanogen's Android devices into Android-powered Windows Phones.

Cyanogen is still a small player in the mobile market. It last reported about 10 million installations in December 2013, but analysts cited by Forbes believe that rising demand in emerging markets could help Cyanogen eventually reach 1 billion handsets -- more than all the iPhones sold to date.

Xiaomi: Helping Microsoft replace Android with Windows 10

Xiaomi, the top smartphone maker in China, is also the fifth-largest in the world. The company claimed 4.4% of the global smartphone market at the end of 2014, according to IDC -- up from 2% a year earlier.

Xiaomi devices run on MIUI, a forked version of Android. Google can't generate revenue from most of Xiaomi's devices, because the company's phones in mainland China are barred from using Google search and buying apps from the Play Store. Owners of Xiaomi phones in China use Baidu's (NASDAQ:BIDU) search engine instead of Google's, and its own Mi App Store instead of Google Play.

Since Bing isn't banned in China, Xiaomi seems like the ideal partner for Microsoft. But instead of just bundling apps to MIUI, Xiaomi is helping port Windows 10 to its Mi 4 flagship phones. Xiaomi and Microsoft have even developed a tool that lets users convert Android devices into Windows 10 systems. If these plans work out, Microsoft could gain a valuable mobile presence in mainland China -- something Google's can't accomplish.

The takeaway

Google's entire mobile strategy is based on other companies doing the heavy lifting and taking the overhead risks. It leverages user dependence on Google Search and services to tether OEMs to its ecosystem. But if OEMs try to break free from Google's ecosystem, forking occurs and fragmentation worsens. Simply put, that's bad news for Google, but great news for Microsoft. 
2015-04-28
Was Warren Buffett Wrong About Google Inc.? Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger have long gushed about Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) dominance in Web search. Munger in 2009 said he had "probably never seen such a wide moat," according to MarketWatch's reporting of Berkshire Hathaway's (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) shareholder meeting that year. At the same meeting, Buffett called Google's business model "incredible" and intimated that he also believed the company had a sizable moat.

Six years later, Google's once-impenetrable moat is showing signs of drying up. The company is struggling to maintain market share in Web search as the number of mobile apps and specialized search engines multiplies. Google needs fresh innovations to maintain its massive lead in search.

Google's leaky moat

More than a decade after its initial public offering, Google is still dependent on its search-based advertising platform for the vast majority of its revenue. Over 68% of Google's 2014 revenue came from advertisements served on its own websites (Google.com, YouTube, Google Finance, etc.), and its main search engine is still the crown jewel of the company.

Google is the undisputed leader in web search, but its moat may be narrowing. In January, Google's U.S. market share slipped to below 75% for the first time StatCounter started tracking data in 2008. Compounding the problem, cost per click -- what advertisers pay Google each time a user clicks on its search ads -- has been declining for several quarters, falling 8% in the fourth quarter. Although the number of paid clicks is increasing, falling market share and cost per click are challenging Google's growth expectations.

Internet in transition

Google's main problem stems from the proliferation of new and better ways to search the Web. For instance, Web users increasingly employ specialized search engines, such as Amazon.com and Kayak, to search for certain information instead of using Google. As the Internet matures, niche search engines might direct more searches away from Google's generalized system -- turning Google's recent market share struggles into a long-term secular trend.

The same trend toward specialized search engines is engulfing the mobile space as well. Users are increasingly turning to mobile apps like Yelp's to make targeted searches. Yelp averaged 72 million monthly mobile unique visitors in the fourth quarter of 2014, up 37% from the year-ago quarter. Cumulative reviews grew 35% in 2014 to 71 million. While Google has responded to threats from Yelp with Google+ Local, it must continue to outmaneuver its competitors in order to maintain its mobile market share.

For now, Google maintains an outstanding 84% mobile market share, according to StatCounter. Mobile search now accounts for 29% of all search activity, according to a report by comScore,. which says smartphone searches grew 17% and tablet searches grew 28% in 2014, while desktop searches declined 1%. The increasing number of mobile searches is putting downward pressure on Google's cost per click. Mobile ads are smaller and harder to fit on a screen than desktop search ads, thus making them a less profitable advertising avenue. As mobile searches ramp up, Google's cost per click is declining -- falling 10% in 2013 and 7% in 2014 for Google's websites. This is the single biggest sign that Google's moat might not be durable.

Was Buffett wrong?

Despite its challenges in mobile ad monetization, Google is still a strong and growing company. Paid clicks on Google websites increased 29% in 2014, more than offsetting its single-digit decline in cost per click and powering an 18% increase in advertising revenue.

However, investors shouldn't let Google's revenue growth mask its deteriorating cost-per-click numbers. If the metric continues to decline, Google's profitability is sure to follow. This could be why Buffett hedged his stance at Berkshire's 2012 annual shareholder meeting, telling investors, "I would not be at all surprised to see [Google] be worth a lot more money 10 years from now, but I would not buy [it]. I sure as hell wouldn't short [it], either."

Buffett knows Google has a powerful business model, but investors shouldn't take its booming growth for granted. If Google fails to find a more profitable model for mobile search, long-term shareholders could be left holding a busted growth stock. Solocal Group and Google to develop joint B2B offer  
2015-04-02
Google fails to dismiss privacy lawsuit over Google Wallet A Google search page is reflected in sunglasses in this photo illustration taken in Brussels May 30, 2014. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir

A federal judge has rejected Google Inc's request to dismiss a lawsuit accusing the technology company of invading the privacy of users of its Google Wallet electronic payment service by sharing their personal information with outside app developers.

In a decision on Wednesday night, U.S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman in San Jose, California said Google must face claims it breached users' contracts, violated the federal Stored Communications Act which limits disclosure of electronic records, and violated a California consumer protection law. She also dismissed two other claims.

Freeman said Google Wallet users may try to show that Google "frustrated" the purpose of its own privacy policy by allowing "blanket, universal disclosure" of their personal information to app developers whenever they bought apps in Google's Play Store.

The lead plaintiff is Alice Svenson, an Illinois resident who said Google sent unnecessary personal information about her to YCDroid when she paid that developer $1.77 for an email app.

She said Google raised the risk of identity theft by routinely sending information about Google Wallet users such as addresses and zip codes, phone numbers and email addresses to app developers.

Svenson said the Mountain View, California-based company ceased the practice soon after the lawsuit was filed in Sept. 2013. Her lawsuit seeks class-action status, damages of $1,000 per violation, punitive damages and other remedies.

Google spokeswoman Anaik Weid declined to comment on Thursday. Lawyers for the plaintiffs did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

Launched in 2011, Google Wallet stores credit and debit card information, and lets shoppers pay for goods by tapping their phones against special terminals at store checkout counters.

To boost U.S. demand, Google in February partnered with AT&T Mobility, T-Mobile USA and Verizon Wireless to pre-install Google Wallet on Android smartphones.

In October, rival Apple Inc said it would include its Apple Pay mobile payment service in its iPhone 6 line.

The case is Svenson et al v. Google Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, No. 13-04080.

(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by David Gregorio) This Apple Inc. Business Could Double by 2018 Last year was big for Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) App Store. Billings rose 50% from the year before and apps generated over $10 billion in revenue for developers. This is a no-joke figure. As Apple analyst Horace Dediu from Asymco noted, "Put another way, in 2014 iOS app developers earned more than Hollywood did from box office in the U.S." And this growth in app revenue isn't over yet. By 2018, Google Play marketplace and Apple App Store revenue will double, and in-app advertising revenue from the two app marketplaces will more than triple, according to new forecasts from App Annie and IDC (via Re/code).

App sales soar

This data supports the ongoing upbeat storyline for Apple's App Store. A whopping 40% of cumulative App Store revenue paid to developers was paid in 2014 alone, Apple said in a press release earlier this year. In the same release, the company said it started 2015 with a bang: During the first week of January, customers spent nearly $500 million on apps and in-app purchases.

App sales are rapidly growing in importance to Apple's top line. While the company doesn't state the profit margins or earnings of the fast-growing segment, it's also likely that the App Store business is beginning to contribute meaningfully to Apple's bottom line.

Since Apple takes a 30% cut of App Store revenue, total App Store billings for 2014 must have been about $14.3 billion. But it's only the 30% cut of billings that Apple reports as revenue; so total App Store revenue from App sales in 2014 contributing to Apple's top line was likely about $4.3 billion, or about 2.2% of Apple's total revenue last year.

If App Annie and IDC's prediction for App Store sales by 2018 pans out, total annual app developer revenue would hit $20 billion, and total billings including Apple's 30% cut would reach nearly $29 billion. App Store revenue would contribute about $8.6 billion to Apple's top line, amounting to 4.4% of sales.

Re/code's Ina Fried explained that this prediction was conservative.

"I would consider this projection conservative," App Annie CEO Bertrand Schmitt said in an interview, noting that the company has consistently been revising its forecasts up over the past two years as revenue has exceeded expectations.

Apple's App Store revenue is somewhat disguised since it falls under Apple's services revenue, which features revenue from the iTunes Store, the App Store, the Mac App Store, the iBooks Store, AppleCare, Apple Pay, and licensing and other services. Thus, analysts must piece together snippets of information on total dollars paid to developers to date from different Apple press releases. Dediu, who has followed Apple's App Store business closely, illustrated recent growth in App Store billings in a chart earlier this year.

Apple cited its new programming language Swift, frameworks for HealthKit and HomeKit, and its Metal graphics technology as catalysts for app innovation in 2014.

Will the App Store get a boost from wearables?

When Apple Watch is finally available for purchase on April 24, Apple will bring its App Store to a new frontier: wearables. While Android has already tapped into this market with its Android Wear, the nascent category's impact on the App market is still mostly unknown given the minuscule sales of wearable devices to date. But if Apple Watch proves popular, the market for wearables could soon be meaningful enough to begin to assess its potential.

Apple is building an App Store specifically for the Apple Watch.

Notably, if App Annie and IDC are correct in their bullish view for Apple's App Store potential, developer revenue from Apps plus the 30% of billings Apple takes for itself could potentially exceed, or at least rival, the company's Mac and iPad businesses in 2018. 
2015-07-20
Twenty-First Century Fox Inc.: 21st CENTURY FOX ELEVATES JARED SHER TO SENIOR ... Top Company Interviews



Mr. Sher continues to have primary responsibility for advising 21st Century Fox on domestic media regulatory issues and representing its portfolio companies before the FCC. He is based at the Company's Washington, DC, office and reports to Ellen Agress, its Senior Vice President and Deputy General Counsel.

"Jared has distinguished himself with the outstanding policy counsel he provides for our domestic broadcast and cable business and we are pleased to recognize his many valuable contributions to our organization," said Ms. Agress.

Mr. Sher served as 21st Century Fox's Vice President and Associate General Counsel for the last three-plus years, having previously advised the Company as Counsel at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP & Affiliates from 1999 to 2012. He holds a J.D. from the George Washington University Law School and a B.A. from George Washington University.

About 21st Century Fox

21st Century Fox is the world's premier portfolio of cable, broadcast, film, pay TV and satellite assets spanning six continents across the globe. Reaching more than 1.8 billion subscribers in approximately 50 local languages every day, 21st Century Fox is home to a global portfolio of cable and broadcasting networks and properties, including FOX, FX, FXX, FXM, FS1, Fox News Channel, Fox Business Network, FOX Sports, Fox Sports Network, National Geographic Channels, STAR India, 28 local television stations in the U.S. and more than 300 channels that comprise Fox International Channels; film studio Twentieth Century Fox Film; and television production studios Twentieth Century Fox Television and a 50% ownership interest in Endemol Shine Group. The Company also holds a 39.1% ownership interest in Sky, Europe's leading entertainment company, which serves 21 million customers across five countries. For more information about 21st Century Fox, please visit

.

ontact:

athaniel Brown

brown@21cf.com

New York, NY - July 20, 2015 - 21st Century Fox (NASDAQ: FOXA, FOX) today announced that Jared Sher has been promoted to Senior Vice President and Associate General Counsel. Which Gold Stocks Will Survive Gold at 5-Year Lows Is gold the new coal? Gold traded Monday morning at $1,103.60 per ounce, about $80 an ounce below its price of five years ago. That is about 6.7% lower. Thermal coal was priced at about $41 a ton on Friday, down about 33% from its level in July of 2010. Gold s drop is no threat to coal yet, but as with the coal producers, there are going to be winners and losers in the gold mining business.

The top five gold miners by market cap are Goldcorp Inc. (NYSE: GG) with a market cap of around $10.9 billion; Newmont Mining Corp. (NYSE: NEM) at $9.8 billion; Barrick Gold Corp. (NYSE: ABX), $8.5 billion; Randgold Resources Ltd. (NASDAQ: GOLD), $5.5 billion; and Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd. (NYSE: AEM), $4.97 billion. All traded down by around 5% to 10% Monday morning.

Goldcorp traded down 7.8% at $13.54 in a 52-year range of $13.37 to $29.65. The low was set earlier in the morning. Over the past five years, Goldcorp s shares have dropped just over 66%. The forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio for 2016 is 19.31 and the price-to-book ratio for the trailing 12 months is 0.71. As of the end of June, short interest in the stock totaled 11.62 million shares, about 1.4% of the total float. The consensus price target on the stock is $23.79, implying potential upside of 75.7%.

Newmont traded down about 9.6% at $18.72, in 52-week range of $17.60 to $27.90. Over the past five years, Newmont s stock has dropped about 68.5%. The forward P/E ratio for 2016 is 15.5, and the price-to-book ratio for the trailing 12 months is 0.99. As of June 30, short interest in the stock totaled 9.3 million shares, about 1.8% of the total float. The consensus price target on the stock is $27.25, indicating potential upside of more than 45%.

Barrick traded down 9.6%, at $7.95 in a 52-week range of $7.82 to $19.36. The low was set Monday morning. Barrick s stock is down more than 80% in the past five years. The forward P/E ratio for 2016 is 10.51, and the price-to-book ratio for the trailing 12 months is 1.01. As of the most recent settlement date, short interest in the stock totaled 13.61 million shares, about 1.2% of the total float. The consensus price target is $13.46, implying potential upside of around 72%.

ALSO READ: Gold May Stay Down for a While

Randgold traded down about 3.4%, at $59.50 in a 52-week range of $58.00 to $89.18. The forward P/E ratio for 2016 is 18.73, and the price-to-book ratio for the trailing 12 months is 1.82. As of mid-June short interest in the stock totaled about 641,000 shares. The consensus price target on the stock is $92.72, implying a potential upside of more than 58%.

Agnico Eagle traded down about 7.7% to $23.22, in a 52-week range of $21.65 to $42.41. The forward P/E ratio for 2016 is 28.68, and the price-to-book for the trailing 12 months is 1.32. As of the end of June short interest in the stock totaled 2.27 million shares, about 1.1% of the total float. The consensus price target is $37.78, implying potential upside of nearly 63%. Foreign investors try to tap into Iran Iranians celebrate on the streets following a nuclear deal with major powers, in Tehran July 14, 2015. REUTERS/TIMA

LONDON/NEW YORK A few investors are racing to establish funds for Iran following last week's nuclear deal with world powers, and many others are tapping into multinationals already present in the $400 billion economy.

The agreement has made some seek a foothold in Tehran's $100 billion stock market even before sanctions are lifted, although others are taking a more cautious approach.

Classified as an upper-middle income country, with a population of 78 million and annual output higher than that of Thailand or the United Arab Emirates, Iran is set to be the biggest economy to rejoin the global trading and financial system since the break-up of the Soviet Union over 20 years ago.

Brokerage Renaissance Capital predicts $1 billion will flow into Iran in the first year after sanctions end, although that is not likely to happen for months and may not occur in one go.

London-based boutique First Frontier Capital Ltd. is in the process of setting up a sanctions-compliant fund dedicated to Iran, hoping to allow investors to take a position in Tehran's bourse before sanctions are lifted.

"This is a market where everyone is totally underweight and there will obviously be a lot of money going in, hot money at first but then also others," said First Frontier's co-CEO, Richard Adley, who plans to launch the fund in the next couple of months and aims to have 100 million euros invested by year-end.

"And then there is a big valuation gap there, Iran has a lot of catching up to do when you look at other frontier or emerging markets," said Adley, who estimates valuations at a very cheap five to six times earnings.

First Capital are not alone. In April, British-based Charlemagne announced it had teamed up with a Tehran-based firm, Turquoise Partners, to establish funds that will invest in Iranian securities.

Others, like MENA Capital CIO Khaled Abdel Majeed, are also getting ready to invest, but worry that a dedicated country fund carries too many risks at this point. Instead, Majeed is aiming to invest part of his firm's funds under management in Iranian shares - once the sanctions are lifted.

"At the moment it may be very marketable, but at some point it will become too expensive," he said, adding that the firm was starting its search for suitable local partners in Tehran.

"And there is also a lot of risk in the deal that has been agreed, and the regime itself is not stable enough to last another 50 years."

Both Renaissance Capital and the investment consultancy Ecstrat have reported a sharp pick-up in demand for Iran-related research from asset managers preparing to make the leap.

CHEAP VALUATIONS

Some 780 million shares traded on the exchange on July 12, the latest data available on its website, representing about $64.2 million.

Iran mirrors Saudi Arabia in that both are diverse, geopolitically important markets with attractive demographics and stable populations, said Asha Mehta, portfolio manager at Acadian Asset Management in Boston who runs $500 million in frontier market assets for institutional investors.

Yet with issues of access and other trading logistics yet to be worked out for direct investments, international companies already doing business in Iran will stand to benefit, at least in the short-term until restrictions fall away, said Joana Arthur, equity product manager for London-based Ashmore, which has approximately $1.2 billion invested in frontier strategies.

Larry Seruma, portfolio manager of the $434 million Nile Global Frontier fund, said that he expects Iran will eventually become a "destination" for his fund. In the meantime, he is holding on to companies such as South African mobile network firm MTN Group Ltd (MTNJ.J), which owns 49 percent of Irancell, Iran's second-largest mobile phone operator.

MTN Group told investors in April that it expected to repatriate about $1 billion in accumulated dividends and a loan repayment from its Iranian unit that had been frozen by international sanctions once a nuclear deal was finalised.

Multinational mobile phone companies, car makers and hospitality firms are seen as the most primed to benefit from the lifting of sanctions.

Bank of America Merrill Lynch said it sees Turkey and the United Arab Emirates as likely beneficiaries from Iranian foreign trade, which could increase to $200 billion by 2020 from $80 billion now.

Higher imports are likely going to come from the machinery, vehicle, iron, steel, food and consumer goods sectors, BAML said. Dubai's real estate and hospitality sector could also see an influx of Iranian cash and visitors.

Specific companies that could benefit in the short-to-medium term, highlighted by BAML, are Dubai real-estate company Emaar Properties EMAR.DU, Turkish oil refiner Tupras (TUPRS.IS), Italian oil services company Saipem (SPMI.MI), and Saudi Arabian food and packaging distribution company Savola Group 2050.SE.

Among automakers, Turkey's Tofas Turk Otomobil Fabrikasi (TOASO.IS) and Dogus Otomotiv (DOAS.IS) could get a boost, as well as French carmakers Renault (RENA.PA) and Peugeot (PEUP.PA).

Iran's urgent need to upgrade its fleet of planes could bring a potential bonanza for Brazil's Embraer (EMBR3.SA), Europe's Airbus (AIR.PA) and Boeing (BA.N) of the United States.

Private equity firms will likely be another early mover, either taking direct ownership stakes in companies or providing financing to businesses looking to expand to take advantage of the young and well-educated populace. That will likely lead to more corporate bond offerings once the country is fully open to international investors, analysts say.

"Firms like ours are now starting to check under the hood. There are a lot of assets there that are going to need restructuring," said AJ Mediratta, co-president at emerging market debt specialist firm Greylock Capital Management in New York.

(Additional reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafed Nouri in Dubai and Sujata Rao in London; editing by Kevin Liffey and Philippa Fletcher) 2 New Reasons Google Inc. Should Fear Facebook Inc. Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) display ads are crushing Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) ads in terms of relevance and interest, according to Adobe (NASDAQ:ADBE) Digital Index's (ADI) second quarter report.

Between the second quarters of 2014 and 2015, Facebook's click-through rate (CTR) -- which measures how often its display ads are clicked -- surged 99%, compared to Google's 24% gain. ADI also found that 51% of consumers thought Facebook ads were more relevant than Google's display ads, which are mainly found on YouTube. A mere 17% preferred Google's ads over Facebook's.

Google generated over five times as much ad revenue as Facebook last year, but ADI's numbers indicate that gap could narrow soon. Why is Google having such a tough time showing consumers relevant ads compared to Facebook?

The impact of Mobilegeddon

Back in April, Google updated its search algorithm to penalize websites which didn't offer mobile versions for smartphones. That move, dubbed "Mobilegeddon," caused companies which weren't ready for the change to shed up to 10% of their traffic.

As a result, Google's ads on those sites delivered less value (measured in CTR) at a higher cost (measured in cost-per-clicks, or CPCs). ADI reports that mobile CTRs across the industry declined 9% annually, although mobile CPCs improved 16%. This problem, known as "click inflation," forces advertisers to "spend more just to stay even," according to ADI analyst Joe Martin. This means that advertisers will flock toward platforms with more cost-efficient CTRs like Facebook.

With Mobilegeddon, Google tried to match Facebook's mobile relevance with one sweeping change. However, Google's advertising business had too many moving parts, with display ads scattered across the web. By comparison, Facebook maintains tight control over its ads, which are only shown on its News Feed and third-party apps within its Audience Network. 1.25 billion of Facebook's 1.44 billion monthly active users (MAUs) accessed the site from mobile devices last quarter, and 73% of its ad revenue coming from mobile devices -- up from 59% a year earlier.

Why Facebook serves better ads

Thanks to its more streamlined model, Facebook is crushing Google in mobile display ads. According to eMarketer, Facebook's mobile display ad revenues in the U.S. were more than three times higher than Google's last year.

Last year, Facebook started throttling the number of ads which were displayed across its network, so that it would only show customers relevant ads. As a result, costs soared. Last quarter, Facebook's average price per ad rose 285% annually, although ad impressions fell 62%. Facebook apparently found a magic formula for selling premium ads which users were willing to click on.

The key difference between Facebook and Google is how data is collected for targeted ads. Facebook uses everything in a user's profile -- which includes personal information, places visited, interests, and more -- to create an profile for ads. With single sign-ons, it "follows" users across the web to track their interests. By comparison, Google mainly relies on search histories, locations, and single sign-on records across sites to create a profile for targeted ads. Its social network, Google+, isn't nearly as popular as Facebook, so it lacks detailed social profiles to use for targeted ads.

In short, Facebook bases ads on a person's digital personality, but Google bases them on digital echos and footprints.

Google could soon lose the video battle, too

eMarketer estimates that annual spending on video ads in the U.S. will soar from $5.96 billion in 2014 to $12.82 billion in 2018. In April, Facebook claimed that it was serving over four billion video views per day -- up from three billion in January. A recent report by Ampere Analysis revealed that Facebook had 315 billion video views in the first quarter, versus YouTube's 756 billion views.

But Facebook is delivering videos where it counts -- on mobile devices. 75% of Facebook's video views come from smartphones, compared to just 50% for YouTube, according to RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney. Unlike YouTube videos, which must be clicked on individually, Facebook videos autoplay while a user scrolls through the News Feed. An advertiser only has to pay for an ad if a user watches over ten seconds of the video.

Facebook has been serious about killing YouTube with its video platform. In March, it allowed users to embed Facebook videos on third-party sites to challenge YouTube. Earlier this month, it mimicked YouTube by sharing ad revenues with video creators.

Facebook hasn't disclosed how much revenue it generates from video ads, but a recent report from Kinetic Social claims that 27% of its clients' ad spending during the second quarter went toward Facebook's video ads. YouTube, on the other hand, still isn't profitable -- it merely broke even last year due to soaring expenses.

Watch your back, Google ...

Looking ahead, Facebook will keep leveraging its strength in social and mobile to attack Google's core advertising business. Google still generates much more revenue than Facebook, but its ad revenues only grew 11% annually last quarter, compared to Facebook's 46% gain. If that trend continues, Google might eventually lose its title as top Internet advertising company in the world. PayPal returns to market with $52 billion valuation The PayPal logo is seen during an event at Terra Gallery in San Francisco, California May 21, 2015. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith

PayPal Holdings Inc (PYPL.O) shares jumped as much as 11 percent in their highly anticipated return to the Nasdaq after more than a decade in eBay Inc's (EBAY.O) fold, valuing the digital payment processor at about $52 billion.

PayPal is a giant in the market it helped create - it processed 4 billion payments tootling about $235 billion in 2014. But the online payments landscape has changed drastically since the company was snapped up by eBay in 2002.

Freed from eBay, PayPal is now expected to partner with other e-commerce sites and try to seize market share from startups such as Stripe and Square and Apple Inc (AAPL.O), which unveiled its own mobile payments service last year.

For eBay, the separation allows the company to focus on its struggling e-commerce marketplace.

PayPal shares soared to $42.55 in early trading. EBay's stock fell as much as 4.7 percent, valuing the company at about $32 billion.

"PayPal is the gorilla among independent digital payment service providers with more than 160 million active accounts, global scale and brand recognition," J.P. Morgan analysts said.

PayPal is also looking to compete with Western Union Co (WU.N) and other money transfer companies. CEO Dan Shulman said he was looking to use PayPal's size to offer affordable financial services widely.

"It's clear that the potential for mobile technology to transform money extends beyond commerce. The vast majority of the world's 7 billion people lack access to even basic financial services," Schulman told Reuters.

PayPal was founded in the late 1990s by venture capitalist Peter Thiel, Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA.O) CEO Elon Musk and others. It went public in 2002 and was acquired by eBay soon after for $1.5 billion.

Bowing to pressure from activist investor Carl Icahn, eBay said last year it would split PayPal as this would give both companies more focus and flexibility.

The companies, however, are not severing ties altogether -eBay has agreed it won't cut the volume of transactions it channels through PayPal for the next five years.

Wall Street analysts were overwhelmingly bullish on the stock. Nine of the 11 starting coverage on the stock have a "buy" or similar rating. Only Evercore has a "sell". Price targets range from $36 to $48.

BMO capital Markets analysts said they expected investors to value PayPal relative to Visa Inc (V.N) and MasterCard Inc (MA.N), but added that PayPal had a relatively low EBITDA margin profile of 27 percent - around half that of the credit card giants.

PayPal also faces a fight in the rapidly evolving mobile payments market.

"The competitive advantages PayPal enjoyed in the traditional online commerce channel do not necessarily carry over into the mobile and offline worlds, in our view," J.P. Morgan analysts said.

PayPal recently acquired Xoom, putting it in a position to take on Western Union and MoneyGram's (MGI.O) online businesses.

(Editing by Sayantani Ghosh, Rodney Joyce and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) 
2015-07-17
Investors React as Google Stock Hits Record High Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. It's official: Google books biggest day in history, adding $66.9B Google Inc. s stock closed at a record $699.62 on Friday, delivering $66.9 billion to investors in one day   a record for Wall Street.

Shares of Google GOOGL, -0.15% GOOG, -0.09% skyrocketed 16.3% on Friday, the company s biggest one-day percentage gain since April 2008. The increase raised Google s market capitalization by $66.9 billion to $478 billion, according to FactSet.

The one-day market cap gain is the largest on record, eclipsing Apple s one-day market-cap gain of $46 billion on April 25, 2012, and Cisco Systems Inc. s CSCO, -0.61% $66.1 billion valuation gain on April 17, 2000, according to The Wall Street Journal. The market-cap gain is bigger than the valuations of more than 400 companies in the S&P 500, including major corporations such as Caterpillar Inc. (market cap: $50 billion) CAT, -1.86% Ford Motor Co. ($58 billion) F, -1.07% and Netflix Inc. ($49 billion) NFLX, -0.63% .

See: Netflix and Google are streaming into overdrive

And at least five brokerages   J.P. Morgan, Bernstein Research, Nomura Research, Jefferies and Evercore   think Google s stock will can and will go still higher. After Google reported a sharp rise in earnings and sales that trumped Wall Street s expectations, they all raised their 12-month targets on the company s stock Friday morning to $800. At that price, Google s market cap would catapult above the half-trillion-dollar mark to $547 billion, making Google only the second company, along with Apple AAPL, -0.53% to be valued above the half-trillion-dollar threshold. Apple is currently trading at a $740 billion valuation.

 Google hasn t delivered a quarter like this in a long time,  said J.P. Morgan analyst Doug Anmuth, reiterating an outperform rating on the stock.

A number of other banks raised price targets for Google shares beyond the $700 mark, including Deutsche Bank, which lifted its target to $780 from $625; Wells Fargo, to $780 from $760; RBC Capital, to $750 from $640; Pacific Crest, to $745 from $675; Raymond James, to $720 from $625; and Cantor Fitzgerald, to $720 from $625.

BMO Capital Markets was the only brokerage to upgrade Google s stock on Friday, to buy, but the vast majority of analysts already rate Google the equivalent of buy, according to FactSet.

A few banks kept their targets below $700, including Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, UBS, Barclays and Morgan Stanley, which raised their targets to $620, $660, $670 and $675, respectively. Those targets would have represented slight increases from Google s closing price of $601.78 on Thursday, but they all represent declines from current trading prices. The average price target among 40 analysts surveyed by FactSet is $711.62.

The most recently completed quarter marked a reversal from the four prior periods in terms of paid-clicks growth, which came in above the consensus estimate at more than 18% on a year-over-year basis versus the forecast 14% growth.

Nomura analyst Anthony DiClemente, who currently rates Google a buy, said the quarterly results debunk the major bear cases against Google, including that desktop search is declining, that expense growth is expanding faster than revenue growth and that YouTube growth is stalling (viewership is growing at the fastest pace in two years, in fact, with YouTube viewing hours jumping 60% on a year-over-year basis and expanding on mobile).

Analysts applauded Google s new chief financial officer, Ruth Porat, for her comments on reducing expenses and hinting at capital returns down the road, saying that those remarks back up the company s commitment to improving margins and delivering value to shareholders.

 We believe this will be a thesis-changing quarter for many as margins stabilize and likely expand,  Anmuth said.

See: Google s new CFO walks fine line on costs

In the less bullish analyst camp, Goldman Sachs s Heather Bellini reiterated a neutral rating on Google, pointing to a cost-per-click decline that, at 11%, was steeper than anticipated; the consensus forecast saw that figure declining by 4.5%.

Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak, who reiterated an equal-weight rating on Google s stock, said he remains on the sidelines as his firm gauges  the sustainability of top- and bottom-line beats  in the back half of 2015 and 2016. Exclusive: Uber, Lyft face disability access questions from Massachusetts A woman wearing a Uber T-shirt checks her phone while Uber riders and driver-partners take part in a rally on the steps of New York City Hall against proposed legislation limiting for-hire vehicles in New York June 30, 2015. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz

SAN FRANCISCO The Massachusetts attorney general's office is examining how Uber and Lyft ensure equal access for people with disabilities, a spokeswoman for the attorney general told Reuters, adding to numerous other business issues facing the two companies.

Disabilities rights activists have questioned how Uber Technologies Inc [[UBER.UL] and Lyft drivers handle passengers in wheelchairs and the blind, but the Massachusetts inquiry appears to be the first from an attorney general, opening a new area of scrutiny for the companies.

The Massachusetts AG's civil rights division reached out to the companies this week to discuss issues related to equal access, spokeswoman Jillian Fennimore said. The office has not taken any formal actions, she said.

When it comes to access, the National Federation of the Blind of California accused Uber in a lawsuit last year of discrimination by refusing to transport guide dogs. A San Francisco federal judge has said the case can proceed.

Uber said it regularly speaks with advocates and policy makers about making Uber accessible to riders and drivers with disabilities.

"We have teams dedicated to continuing to expand that access further for the disabled community in Massachusetts and nationwide," the company said in a statement.

A Lyft representative could not be immediately be reached for comment.

Uber is a well known sharing-economy company operating in 57 countries with an estimated value of more than $40 billion. Lyft's valuation is about $2.5 billion.

Both companies are involved in legal and regulatory proceedings on a range of subjects, including whether their drivers should be treated as employees rather than contractors.

In a blog post this month, Uber said it has a partnership with the National Federation of the Blind to obtain feedback from the visually impaired community.

In Texas, Jennifer McPhail sued Lyft last year, accusing the company of not having a wheelchair accessible vehicle operating in Austin.

The case is currently pending and Lyft has asked that it be sent to arbitration, according to the Travis County court clerk's office.

This week, Uber announced a new option called uberASSIST, which is designed to provide additional assistance to seniors and people with disabilities.

Drivers are specifically trained to assist riders into vehicles and can accommodate folding wheelchairs and scooters, the company said in a blog post.

(Editing by Stephen Trousdale) Accounting probe may pressure Toshiba to write down Westinghouse The logo of the American company Westinghouse is pictured at the World Nuclear Exhibition 2014, the trade fair event for the global nuclear energy sector, in Le Bourget, near Paris October 14, 2014. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier

TOKYO Toshiba Corp is set to overhaul its management after an investigation into its accounting practices concludes early next week, but a more thorough housecleaning, including a writedown on its Westinghouse nuclear business, may be needed to regain confidence amid Japan's biggest corporate scandal in five years.

Toshiba said an independent committee it commissioned to look into accounting irregularities - which a person directly involved in the probe told Reuters were part of Toshiba's "corporate culture" - would submit its report to the company on Monday. The company will hold a news conference the following day, it said.

The report is likely to show irregular book-keeping led to profits being overstated by more than 170 billion yen ($1.37 billion) over the past several years, people familiar with the investigation said this week, more than three times Toshiba's initial estimate.

The findings are likely to lead to 300-400 billion yen ($2.4-$3.2 billion) in charges related to overstated profits and various writedowns, said other individuals familiar with the matter. A Toshiba spokesman said it has not yet compiled any estimates.

One theory investigators were looking into was that executives, worried about the impact of the 2011 Fukushima disaster on its nuclear unit, set overly aggressive targets in new businesses such as smart meters and electronic toll booths, encouraging costs to be understated and revenues overestimated.

The panel will also say that top executives - including CEO Hisao Tanaka, and former company presidents Norio Sasaki and Atsutoshi Nishida - received summary reports from managers on how they were delaying the booking of losses. The executives

pressured divisions in emails and meetings to meet budget targets, exacerbating the accounting improprieties, the person directly involved in the investigation said on Friday.

Improper accounting, which extended across virtually all business areas of the semiconductor-to-nuclear conglomerate, was part of Toshiba's "corporate culture," the person said.

A company spokesman said he could not comment as the panel's report has not been released.

A FRACTION OF WHAT IT COST

Toshiba's 87 percent stake in Westinghouse has not been among the group's businesses found to have past book-keeping issues, but investors have long held concerns that the value of assets and goodwill related to Westinghouse were overstated.

Toshiba has said it is looking to reduce its stake in the business, though analysts say it could be hard to find a buyer.

Most expect any stake sale to be worth just a fraction of what Toshiba originally paid. It spent $5.4 billion for a majority stake in 2006 at the height of the nuclear industry boom.

"The market's confidence in Toshiba isn't going to recover overnight. They need to come up with a new management structure and show investors that they have it right," said Yoshihiro Okumura, an analyst at Chibagin Asset Management. "At the moment there are various uncertainties, including the Westinghouse shares they hold."

Nuclear power has become less popular, especially in the aftermath of the Fukushima disaster which prompted many countries to freeze nuclear energy expansion plans.

Goldman Sachs analyst Ikuo Matsuhashi suspended coverage of Toshiba this month because of the uncertainties, citing Westinghouse as a concern. "With the outlook for the nuclear power plant market having been lowered, partly due to the fall in crude oil prices, we think it is harder for Toshiba to find a strategic partner," he wrote in a note last week.

Shares in Toshiba have lost more than a fifth of their value since the end of April, to a little over $13 billion. The stock closed more than 2 percent higher on Friday.

($1 = 124.0500 yen)

(Editing by Ryan Woo and Ian Geoghegan) 
2015-11-12
Is Alphabet Inc About to Release a New Operating System? Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google isn't planning to ditch Chrome OS. The search giant reiterated its commitment to the web-based operating system in a blog post earlier this month, plainly stating that there's "no plan to phase out Chrome OS."

The post was prompted by a wave of reports alleging that Google intends to fold Chrome OS into its other, far more successful operating system, Android. Google's engineers have been working for the last two years to combine the two operating systems, according to The Wall Street Journal, and the search giant could unveil a single new operating system as soon as next year. Re/code followed with a similar report claiming that while Chromebooks won't disappear, traditional PC makers will soon have the option of using Android instead.

That's a claim Google didn't deny, and indeed, it seems likely. Chrome OS has enjoyed rapid growth in recent years, but its limitations are significant, and it hasn't found mainstream success. A version of Android designed for traditional PCs could offer a more compelling alternative to Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows.

Chrome OS has enjoyed rapid growth, but its reach has been limited

Chromebooks -- laptops powered by Chrome OS -- have seen their sales surge in recent years. In 2013, they shot to the top of Amazon's sales charts: two of the three best-selling laptops that holiday season were powered by Chrome OS. To this day, the best-selling laptop on Amazon is a Chromebook. Chromebooks have also found success with enterprise users, and educational institutions in particular. According to research firm Gartner, schools purchased about 72% of the Chromebooks sold in 2014. According to Google, there are more Chromebooks now being activated in U.S. classrooms than all other education devices combined.

Yet Chrome OS is still somewhat of a niche offering. Gartner believes worldwide Chromebook shipments will reach about 7.3 million this year. In total, around 290 million PCs could be shipped this year, which would give Google's operating system a market share of less than 3%, to say nothing of the hundreds of millions of Windows PCs still in use.

Chrome OS offers unparalleled security and ease of use. Chromebooks are dirt cheap, with solid performance and top-notch battery life. They don't require their users to install patches, and they don't need anti-virus software. Yet Chrome OS is, as its name implies, basically just Google's Chrome browser (with a handful of extra features). To be fair, Chromebooks can run a few Android apps (including Skype), but generally can't run most local software.

PC makers have tried using Android

Android, however, doesn't have that issue. Unlike Chrome OS, Android is designed to run local software, and there are plenty of apps available -- more than 1.5 million in the Google Play store. Nearly all are built for touch-based interaction rather than mouse and keyboard, but with the right nudging, Android developers may be willing to modify their software for a more traditional computing environment.

PC-makers have offered Android PCs in the past, but the concept has largely been a failure. HP's Android-powered SlateBook 14 made its debut last year. The machine was innovative if nothing else, but was widely panned by critics. Lenovo tried something similar with the all-in-one N308. Official sales numbers were never disclosed, but it's unlikely either device sold many units.

In both instances, reviewers found fault with the interface. "It's a pain to use with a mouse," wrote Engadget. PC-makers did little to modify the operating system, instead slapping Android largely unchanged onto traditional hardware, resulting in an inferior user experience Google probably never intended. But if it were to offer a version of Android with an interface similar to Chrome OS, it would alleviate that issue.

Windows 10 poses a threat

More than 80% of the smartphones sold last quarter were powered by Android, according to IDC. Could Google find similar levels of success in the PC market? Microsoft's Windows is deeply entrenched, and it's hard to imagine that changing in the near future. But Alphabet needs to put some pressure on Microsoft. The Redmond tech giant's control of the traditional PC market is starting to threaten Alphabet's core search business.

Last quarter, for the first time, Microsoft's search engine Bing achieved profitability. Microsoft's management credited Bing's deep integration in Windows 10 with the reversal in fortune. Bing powers Microsoft's digital personal assistant, Cortana, which is built into the Windows 10 task bar and also its browser, Edge. There are more than 110 million devices running Windows 10, and as the operating system continues to add users, Bing's popularity could continue to grow. "Bing's share is up to 20.7% of [the U.S. search market]... helped by Windows 10," said Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella on the company's last earnings call.

It wouldn't be the first time Google has modified Android for a different interface (Android Wear is Android for smartwatches; Android TV is Android for smart TVs and set-top boxes), but it could be the most significant. Guess Which Newspaper Supports Alphabet Inc's Virtual Reality Efforts? The New York Times (NYSE:NYT) recently handed out Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Cardboard VR headset to subscribers of its Sunday print edition. It also launched a companion VR app for iOS and Android, which features VR films that immerse readers in news stories. Its first 10-minute film, The Displaced, follows the lives of three children in a Syrian refugee camp. The second film features the making of Walking New York, a New York Times cover.

The New York Times' entrance into the VR market represents a fascinating way to boost mainstream awareness of VR devices and change how news stories are experienced. This move complements recent attempts by Google, Facebook (NASDAQ: FB), GoPro (NASDAQ: GPRO), and others to transform VR from a geeky niche hobby into a mainstream method of consuming digital content.

Why the time is right for VR

Virtual reality has been touted as the next big thing in tech for decades, but it was never taken seriously by major tech companies. That all started to change when Oculus created the Rift headset, a device which has already impressed hardcore gamers ahead of its commercial release next year.

After Facebook acquired Oculus for $2 billion last year, CEO Mark Zuckerberg declared that VR tech could change how people interact with each other over the Internet. Earlier this year, Facebook established a VR film studio, Oculus Story Studio, to produce original content for VR devices. In September, it introduced 360-degree videos to its News Feed to let its mobile users "look around" videos by rotating their devices.

While Facebook's Oculus focused on high-end VR headsets, Google launched a low-cost option to bring VR to the masses. Its Cardboard DIY kit simply used a user's smartphone as the guts of the headset, and used the lens and phone's 3D sensors to create a crude but effective VR experience. The Cardboard app was subsequently downloaded up to 5 million times from the Play Store, which encouraged more developers to create VR experiences. Google has since added Cardboard support for other apps, including YouTube and Google Maps' Street View. It also partnered with GoPro to create "Jump," a VR filmmaking initiative which uses a massive GoPro VR rig to create interactive videos which can be viewed on YouTube.

Why the New York Times matters

Over the past decade, the New York Times has struggled with declining print circulation and a sluggish shift toward digital initiatives. But after selling the Boston Globe at a steep loss, laying off employees, and hiring new execs to help it strengthen its digital and mobile efforts, the 164-year-old newspaper has shown signs of improvement.

Last quarter, the Times added 51,000 digital subscribers for a total of 1.04 million subscribers, which offset print declines and boosted total circulation revenues by 1% annually. CEO Mark Thompson believes that this gradual shift will enable the Times' annual digital advertising revenues to double to "around $800 million by 2020." Earlier this year, the New York Times agreed to publish "Instant Articles" on Facebook, which lets Facebook users read full stories directly within its site.

Bundling a Cardboard kit with its Sunday edition complements that initiative by letting digital subscribers experience the story in a more immersive way than reading a story or watching a video. Several studies have shown that VR films increase empathy by placing viewers into "lucid dreams." Offering this kind of immersive content to digital subscribers could boost digital revenues as mainstream acceptance of VR grows. After more advanced VR headsets hit the market next year, the quality of these VR films could improve and offer customers a new way to watch and understand the news.

The virtual road ahead

Tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital expects the fledgling VR market to grow from nearly nothing today to $30 billion by 2020, fueled by the growth of VR games, films, and experiences. But that won't happen unless mainstream customers understand the power of modern VR. That's why Google, Facebook, GoPro, and the New York Times are all dedicating resources to ensure that this technological shift happens. 
2015-08-24
Here's what Alphabet's non-Google business models are going to look like In August, Google ( goog ) co-founder Larry Page made a surprise announcement that the search giant would soon be a part of a holding company called Alphabet. That probably won t mean much for its core advertising business, which already rakes in $59 billion a year. But its impact on Google s other businesses is an open question. Investors will see what the non-search divisions together are making (or losing), and that could put pressure on some of the further-afield enterprises to turn a profit, or at least solidify business models that don t rely on ads. Here, our take on what those models could look like.

Google Fiber

A Google Fiber display is shown at the Google office in Washington, D.C. Photograph by Andrew Harrer   Bloomberg via Getty Images

Google s goal to bring faster broadband to the U.S. has already borne fruit. It currently operates in Austin, Kansas City, and Provo, Utah, with at least six other cities set to launch soon. The service gives the company another touch point for Internet users, and former Google CFO Patrick Pichette has said Fiber is a profitable business. Already other network giants like AT&T ( t ) and Comcast ( cmcsa ) are launching their own gigabit fiber services in select cities.

Calico

Photograph by Colin Cuthbert Getty Images/Science Photo Library RM

Top geneticists, molecular biologists, and doctors are working at Calico to figure out a way to extend human life, or in Google parlance,  solve  death. If it works it has obvious commercial prospects, but the company has so far been hush-hush about the business model. A clue? Last year it signed a $1.5 billion R&D partnership with pharmaceutical company AbbVie ( abbv ) to create new treatments with the drug giant.

Nest

The Nest Cam, Nest's new smart home video camera. Photo courtesy of Katie Fehrenbacher, Fortune

Nest has tripled its employee count to 1,000 since Google bought it last year for $3.2 billion. The connected-home company makes money selling hardware (connected thermostats go for $249), as well as leasing cloud storage for videos from Nest Cam, its home-security camera. And it still has plenty of room to grow: Potential future services range from more expansive storage plans to working with insurance firms that want to make sure their customers  smoke alarms are working.

Investments

Photograph by Kris Tripplaar   Sipa USA/AP

Google has two investment arms: Google Ventures , which was created in 2009, has backed more than 300 companies, with a notable early investment in Uber. Google Capital , its growth equity fund, focuses on later-stage companies and has stakes in SurveyMonkey, Glassdoor, and Crowdstrike. The creators of Google Ventures and Google Capital, Bill Maris and David Lawee, respectively, are likely to lead them as Alphabet subsidiaries.

Google X

A man rides in a Google self-driving car. Bloomberg Bloomberg via Getty Images

Self-driving cars, glucose-monitoring contact lenses, and other  moonshots  reside in Google X , which makes this the company s biggest money pit and biggest potential jackpot. Its chief, Astro Teller, has said that tech it developed for Google already generates enough cash to cover the lab s expenses, and future revenue streams could include licensing and partnerships. But much to investors  chagrin, making money never seemed like the primary goal.

A version of this article appears in the September 1, 2015 issue of Fortune magazine with the headline  A Look at Google s Plan B   and C and D.  Zephyr Health grabs $17.5M with infusion from Google Ventures This health data company expands Google Venture s portfolio as healthtech becomes top focus of the VC s investments

Zephyr Health, an up-and-coming health data company, has just completed a new funding round of $17.5 million with the lead investment coming from Google Ventures. The company to date has raised $33.5 million, including participation from investors Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Icon Ventures.

The company collects data via its Illuminate solution from multiple sources (epidemiology data, sales and profile data for healthcare providers (HCPs), and hospitals according to Zephyr s website) in order to better inform health professionals on appropriate treatment regimens for patients. The data can also be used to measure which drugs and products are more popular by region and to adjust their sales strategies accordingly with predictive analytics. Their data sync can also integrate with other office organizing software like Salesforce and Oracle according to the company.

Google Ventures increases focus on Health Startups

Google Ventures touts having invested in over 300 companies, comprising a very diverse portfolio up to this point. According to the VC s website they have  a unique focus on machine learning and life science investing.  The health section of GV s portfolio jumped from the smallest to largest recipient of its funds between 2012 and 2014. That shift might be reflected in the growth of Google s Life Sciences division in 2013, which could be poised for more growth following the corporate shakeup that gave birth to Alphabet Inc. two weeks ago.

The health section of that investment strategy is hearty. The VC lists Bill Maris, Krishna Yeshwant, Blake Byers, Scott Davis, Anthony Philippakis and Ben Robbins among its top investing partners. GV has invested in genetics startup 23andme, oncology data company Flatiron, genomic treatment firm Editas Medicine and several more. Flatiron itself has been the recipient of $100 million in Google Ventures investments.

Zephyr counts Genentech, Gilead, Medtronic, Onyx and Amgen among its corporate clients.

The company was founded in 2011 by CEO William King. While the company has its headquarters in San Francisco, they maintain offices in London and Pune, India. 
2015-10-27
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL): Is a Dividend Really Too Much to Ask? Note to Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) or Google, or whatever you choose to call yourself these days: It s time grow up, wear your big-boy pants, and start paying a dividend.

You re a $500 billion company, for crying out loud, and your biggest rivals   Apple and Microsoft   are among the most generous dividend payers and dividend raisers in the world. For a company that used to pride itself on its  Don t be evil  motto, your stinginess to your long-suffering shareholders seems a little, well, evil.

Is a dividend really too much to ask? Let s look at the numbers. Companies with consistent and reliable cash flows make the best dividend payers. Remember, investors who buy for dividends tend to be conservative. They hate surprises, and lumpy earnings make for an erratic dividend.

So, Alphabet, how do your earnings stack up?

Pretty well, actually. Over the past ten years, earnings per share have grown at a nice clip with no real interruptions. Free cash flow per share, which is the more appropriate measure for gauging cash available to be paid as a dividend, has been a little lumpier as capital expenditures vary a little from year to year. But overall, you are a case study in a steadily growing business, Alphabet.

And let s not forget about your money in the bank. You have $73 billion in cash just sitting around. That s about 14% of your entire market cap. Seriously, what are you going to spend it on, driverless cars? Well, your $73 billion in the bank is nearly three times the entire market cap of leading auto innovator Tesla Motors. You could buy Tesla outright and still have plenty of cash left over for at least a modest dividend.

Yes, you gave us investors hope by announcing a $5 billion share buyback. And really, thanks. Much obliged. But that s just not going to cut it. There is no precise timeline on the share repurchase, and even if you were to make the entire purchase tomorrow, what would it accomplish? That s not even 1% of your market cap. That felt like more of a condescending pat on the head than a real effort at shareholder friendliness.

So, what would an Alphabet dividend look like? Let s take baby steps and start with a 10% dividend payout. You earned $5.1 billion this past quarter. $2 billion initial annual dividend (or $500 million quarterly) wouldn t make a dent in your cash hoard, and it would go a long way towards making your shareholders feel warm, fuzzy and generally cared about.

And don t think that paying a dividend will completely negate your ability to throw money away on silly acquisitions that add no value to shareholders. Being a generous dividend payer certainly didn t keep Microsoft from blowing $2.5 billion buying the maker of Minecraft last year  which is the corporate equivalent of a child blowing his weekly allowance on gummy bears.

I know, I know. It s hard to admit you re no longer a Silicon Valley startup. I get it. Growing up and being an adult is hard. But you can still let your employees wear togas to work or sit in beanbag chairs or whatever it is you free-thinking tech geniuses do over there.

You re a big boy now. And it s time to start paying a dividend like one. A dividend would symbolize that you re a mature company and one that can be trusted to manage shareholder money responsibly.

Don t be late to the party   Click Here to see what 4500 Wall Street Analysts say about your stocks. Top Analyst Says Sell Red-Hot Amazon and Buy This Stock The only reason that the Nasdaq is currently up for the year is the performance of some of the superstars in the technology-laden index. Now it seems as though some on Wall Street who have championed some of the mega-cap leaders for this long run may be starting to think that the top stocks are starting to look pretty fully valued at current levels.

In a new research note from SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, analyst Bob Peck, who is one of the most respected on Wall Street, says it may be time to take profits on the huge run that Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) has put up, and use that capital to buy another technology mega-cap leader. While momentum investors are always reluctant to sell stocks that are steamrolling, he may have a call that make total sense at this time.

Amazon is up an astonishing 98% this year, an incredible run for a company that many bears love to point out that, despite the huge growth in earnings, is plain and simple overvalued. Peck says that despite the huge growth in earnings, and the fact that Amazon has a cloud computing giant business in the form Amazon Web Services (AWS), trading at a gigantic 60 times free cash flow at this point, the company could very well be fully valued.

ALSO READ: Huge Index Rebalance Means Massive Buy Orders for 4 Top Stocks

With the huge holiday season approaching, many investors may question the wisdom of selling this momentum giant now when perhaps the best earnings for the company could be posted in the fourth quarter. The important thing to remember is the number that was posted earlier. Up 98%, and that is gigantic, especially in a year where the markets for the most part are still down. The shares closed Monday at $608.61

So what stock does the analyst say to buy now? It s another huge mega-cap leader that also posted outstanding numbers and has crushed short-sellers and those who thought that the growth trajectory had slowed, and slowed dramatically. The stock to move those big Amazon s gains to is none other than Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL), or the company formerly known as Google.

There are some good reasons that back up the analyst s decision. The company hit the ball out of the park when it recently posted incredible 21% year-over-year revenue growth, a strong increase over the 18% growth in the second quarter. The strong mobile search report also should tone down bearish Wall Street analysts concerned about mobile monetization. Toss in a shareholder friendly $5 billion stock buyback and all systems are go. Lastly, trading at a very reasonable 12 times EBITDA, the search giant could be headed much much higher. The stock closed Monday at $731.12

Analysts are usually loath to say sell one winner and buy another, but the logic here makes total sense. The basic argument is to buy overall valuation, and to be frank, even if the call is wrong, it s not like the argument to buy Alphabet is likely to turn out to be a losing suggestion.

ALSO READ: 4 Top Jefferies Value Stocks to Buy This Week 
2015-09-10
Android Pay Launch Lifts Google Inc (GOOGL) is following the broader market higher , on news the company is rolling out Android Pay in the U.S. today. Much like BlackBerry Ltd's (NASDAQ:BBRY) BBM Money and Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL) Apple Pay, Android Pay allows users to pay for goods and services by simply tapping their phones, and also provides the ability to store gift and loyalty card information in one location.At last check, GOOGL is 1.5% north of breakeven at $652.73, bringing its year-to-date advance to 23%. In recent weeks, the stock has found a a layer of support atop its 50-day moving average , and has outperformed the broader S&P 500 Index (SPX) by nearly 20 percentage points over the last 40 sessions.Despite GOOGL's technical tenacity, skepticism is pronounced in the equity's options pits. Specifically, the stock's 10-day put/call volume ratio across the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX) is 0.81. This ratio ranks in the 95th annual percentile, indicating traders have rarely bought to open puts over calls at a more rapid rate, looking back one year.Given GOOGL's strength on the charts, it's possible some of the put buyers are shareholders hedging against an unexpected pullback. Nonetheless, a capitulation among true bears could add fuel to the shares' fire.In separate news, Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) also announced today it is exploring the possibility of expanding Google Fiber to three more U.S. locations . Specifically, the company has asked officials in Louisville, Irvine, and San Diego to think about bringing the high-speed Internet service to their respective cities. Some Game Changing Internet or Social Media Stock News? FB, AMZN, GOOG, YELP ... Large cap Internet or social media stocks Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ: AMZN), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL / GOOG) and small caps Yelp Inc (NYSE: YELP) and SPYR Inc (OTCMKTS: SPYR) have all had recent news that could potentially alter the balance of power in certain key market segments or niches. We have FB, AMZN, GOOGL/GOOG and YELP (among other names) in our SmallCap Network Elite Opportunity (SCN EO) portfolio due in part to extremely attractive long-term opportunities based on the 8/24/2015 Black Monday selloff. With that in mind, here is some recent news involving these key Internet or social media stocks for investors to digest:

Amazon.com Starts Hot Food Delivery. Amazon.com, which in recent months has rolled out a booking service for handymen, began offering hotel reservations and prepared a competitor to crafts marketplace Etsy Inc (NASDAQ: ETSY), will now begin delivering hot food. The service is only available to customers of the $99 Prime membership and works through Amazon.com s existing one-hour merchandise delivery service, but it will be available only for select Seattle area restaurants (Note: Prime Now, their existing one-hour service, is up and running in some larger US cities like Chicago, Miami and New York). Barclays analyst Christopher Merwin said Amazon s move could also put pressure on others, like GrubHub Inc (NYSE: GRUB):

 It s difficult to gauge how aggressively Amazon will expand into this category; Amazon Fresh was launched in beta in 2007 and some eight years later is still offered in only a handful of markets  The perception of escalating competition in online food delivery   particularly from a deep-pocketed entrant like Amazon   will continue to weigh on GRUB shares. 

Google to Begin Delivering Groceries. Google will start testing a delivery service for fresh food and groceries in San Francisco and another city with Whole Foods Market, Inc (NASDAQ: WFM) and Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ: COST) being among the company s partners for the new service. Google is investing in delivery services for homes and businesses as it seeks to lure more traffic to its websites plus online groceries are a $10.9 billion industry in the US and the market is expected to grow 9.6% annually through 2019. Brian Elliott, general manager of Google Express, had this to say:

"For a lot of our merchants that have been successful with this, we re not representing the whole store today. It s in our incentive, as well as the merchant s incentive, for us to help customers get the full store delivered to them."

Facebook & Google Dominate US App Use. Fortune has noted that in the US, the two most popular apps are Facebook and Facebook Messenger (FB has four apps in the top ten), but Google also accounts for five of the top 10 apps. On the other hand, Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL) had no apps in the US top ten, though the Apple Maps was #11 on comScore s list. On the other hand, it earned two spots on App Annie s top ten global list with its Find my iPhone and iTunes U apps.

Is Facebook a Threat to Yelp? On Tuesday, Facebook unveiled a few design tweaks to its pages for small businesses in order to provide better tools to the 45 million businesses that post content on their Facebook Pages. Facebook noted in a blog post:  With over one billion people visiting Pages every month, people are already turning to Pages to learn more about businesses, and now we re updating Pages to help businesses build mobile presence and communicate with customers more easily.  In an Inc. interview earlier this year, Forbes noted that Yelp Inc chief executive Jeremy Stoppelman had asserted that bigger companies ambitions in his space don t faze him:

 The reality is it s very hard for somebody in a particular core business to go completely outside that business. If I had a dollar for every time someone said,  The new product from Google is going to kill Yelp,   the new product from Facebook is going to kill Yelp    I would be a very happy man if I was getting paid for those headlines. 

Forbes went on to note that Facebook s app is on practically everyone s smartphone while Yelp Inc only has about 35% penetration. In addition, Facebook s messaging system is practically an industry standard while its merchant-friendly design means that business users may invest more in their Facebook presence - seeing it as the best way of gaining business via mobile. On the other hand, Yelp Inc has an edge with consumers who can scan their fellow shoppers  reviews and form impressions about which merchants are trustworthy and which should be avoided.

Yelp Inc Undergoes a Target Price Cut. At the end of last week, Citigroup s Mark May reiterated a Buy rating on small cap Yelp Inc, but cut his target price by $5 to $30. He stated:

 We are updating our model to more accurately account for the company s decision to deemphasize Brand advertising in 2016 as well as for increased sales and marketing spend  Considering Yelp s position as a leading online destination for local business reviews, including on mobile, and considering the importance of content/reviews in influencing (offline) transactions, we believe Yelp is well positioned in this secular growth segment. Unlike some Internet companies, mobile represents a near- and long-term accelerant to Yelp s business, and the company has a significant opportunity outside the U.S. In addition, our analysis suggests that Yelp s TAM is both large and still significantly under-penetrated. Considering those factors as well as the valuation, we assign Yelp a Buy rating. 

SPYR, Inc Adds a New Managing Director of Games and Applications. Small cap holding company SPYR, Inc, who s wholly-owned subsidiary (Franklin Networks, Inc) is involved in digital publishing and advertising operations (including nine online brands: Flawless.com; Entr e.com; Grubbr.com; GuiltyTravel.com; Gladiators.com; Crumb.com; ParentingPad.com; Nutristic.com; and CelebrityHQ.com) and through its wholly-owned subsidiary SPYR APPS, LLC, develops and publishes mobile games and apps, has recently announced its hiring of Paul Thind as SPYR's Managing Director of Games and Applications. Thind will manage the development, marketing, monetization and acquisition of mobile games and applications. Previously, he held CEO, General Manager and interim COO positions in digital game companies and had founded and acted as the CEO of an independent record label. Thind later said:

"At SPYR APPS, LLC, we intend to create a world-class mobile game development and publishing company by working with third-party developers as well as developing our own IP. We are currently in the process of adding the people to our team who will help get us there. We have also identified several new third party games for acquisition or joint venture that we believe will be incredibly successful. By setting a clear business strategy based on producing and publishing high quality games, I hope to create long-term shareholder value. Empowering the business to capitalize on new and exciting games will make SPYR a company that not only embraces change, but also creates it. Through dramatic expansion, procurement of co-development deals, acquisitions and games publishing, we intend to position SPYR APPS for continued success. Our company culture will be based on the Key Performance Indicators and strong analytics-based thinking that I've found to be incredibly successful in the free to play mobile games business. This, along with the creativity of our game designers, producers and developer partners should position SPYR APPS as a major player in the global games and apps market. Of course it all starts with the user, and we will be committed to creating fun experiences for our users to keep them engaged and satisfied."

SmallCap Network Elite Opportunity (SCN EO) has an open position in FB, AMZN, GOOGL, GOOG & YELP. To find out what other open positions SCN EO currently has, and to learn why so many traders and investors are relying on this premium subscription service, click here to find out more. NYC taxi lenders face risks after Uber suit dismissed An Uber representative registers people on his smartphone during the kick off of a citywide jobs tour in the Queens borough of New York July 21, 2015. REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton

NEW YORK New York credit unions that have run up large exposures to the city's iconic yellow cabs are facing a sharp increase in loan losses after a judge threw out a legal challenge to ride-hailing service Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL].

Four credit unions that have lent out large sums of money for taxi medallions, which yellow cab drivers need to operate, had sued the city of New York, arguing that Uber's technology infringed on the drivers' exclusive rights to pick up passengers who hail them on the streets.

Queens County Supreme Court Judge Allan Weiss dismissed the suit on Wednesday, saying that the city's Taxi and Limousine Commission has actively engaged in regulating the introduction of "e-hailing" services.

"A catastrophe is unfolding, as an entire industry continues to be illegally destroyed, while elected officials allow it to happen on their watch," Todd Higgins, attorney for the lenders, said in a statement.

Taxi medallions are metal shields bolted to the hood of yellow cabs in New York City. The number of medallions is limited by the city and they sell for very high prices - as much as $1 million as recently as 2011.

The four lenders - Melrose Credit Union, Montauk Credit Union, Progressive Credit Union and Lomto Credit Union - have argued that Uber has driven down the value of New York Taxi medallions by as much as 40 percent.

They hold nearly $2.5 billion in taxi medallion loans covering around 5,300 medallions.

Delinquencies at the credit unions have soared in the past year, according to financials filed with their regulator, the National Credit Union Administration (NCUA).

Melrose, for instance, had more than ten times as much in loans that were more than sixty days delinquent than a year earlier. The credit union said it has nearly $400 million in delinquencies and troubled debt restructurings in its medallion loan portfolio.

Lomto, which had only $73,000 of delinquent loans in June 2014, has more than $9 million of loans that are more than 60 days delinquent as of the end of June 2015.

The credit unions are not the only ones making loans for taxi medallions. Other lenders include large banks like Citibank and specialty lender Medallion Financial Corp, whose shares are at their lowest level since 2010 and have lost more than 60 percent of their value since their 2013 peak.

Credit unions are non-profit, member-owned financial institutions. Members  accounts are insured to the limits of the NCUA's insurance fund.

The NCUA said it carefully reviews its credit unions' lending and risk-mitigation plans and has issued guidance about taxi medallion lending.

"Like any other form of lending, the agency expects credit unions that offer this product to analyze the potential risk and have proper mitigation in place," NCUA spokesman John Fairbanks said.

(Reporting by Michael Erman; Editing by Nick Zieminski) 
2015-07-26
Google, Inc.'s Tracking is Getting Creepy If you allow it to, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has Santa-like powers to track its users.

The search giant may not know when you are sleeping, but it knows where you have been. Through its Maps app, Google tracks and stores your location as long as you're signed into your account. Google calls the feature "Your Timeline" and touts it as "a useful way to remember and view the places you've been on a given day, month or year."

At face value, it may seem pretty innocuous -- a nostalgia tool like Facebook showing you what you posted on this day in previous years. But upon closer examination, it feels a little Big Brother-like. If Google stores where you have been so you can reminisce, the search giant can also access that information.

What is Google saying?

Google clearly wants people to believe that having a giant corporation track their locations (with permission, though people may not realize they are consenting in many cases) is a good thing. It makes the case for the service on its website without mentioning that it's not just storing the data for users to be able to better reminisce.

Have you ever wanted a way to easily remember all the places you've been -- whether it's a museum you visited during your last vacation or that fun bar you stumbled upon a few months ago? Well, starting today, Google Maps can help. We're gradually rolling out Your Timeline, a useful way to remember and view the places you've been on a given day, month or year. Your Timeline allows you to visualize your real-world routines, easily see the trips you've taken and get a glimpse of the places where you spend your time. And if you use Google Photos, we'll show the photos you took when viewing a specific day, to help resurface your memories.

It's all fun and games (and we're also keeping tabs on when and where you take pictures). Google is watching, but that's just fine because a year ago you went for ice cream with an old pal from high school or something similar.

How might Google profit from this?

Knowing where you've been and where you may be going has a certain value with advertisers. If Google knows you eat out with friends on Wednesday nights in a certain area or that you stop for coffee at the same time each morning, it can use that data to market to you.

That's perhaps invasive, but it also has its plus side as the search giant could use this info to serve you a useful ad, deal, or coupon at exactly the moment you want it.

Google also makes it clear that it does not share the timeline data with other users or partners on an individual basis. You also have the ability to delete a day or your full history at any time. So, if you're up to no good and heading someplace you would not want anyone else with access to your smartphone to know about, you can get rid of it. You can also remove mentions of a specific location so people won't know just how often you eat at White Castle or whatever other embarrassing choices you make.

This is invasive, but par for the course

You may think of Google as a search company, but it's really a data play. The company also tracks your search history -- both to improve its product and to better market to you.

In many ways, Google is Big Brother. If you let it, the company learns an awful lot about you and can use that info in all sorts of ways. That's great if it decides to send you a coupon for a deal at your favorite steakhouse, but it's perhaps less good if it knows to serve you Ashley Madison ads or something else equally compromising.

You can, of course, minimize much of this with privacy settings. It comes down to whether you find Google's actions creepy or a needed part of doing business that allows it to serve customers better.

The reality is probably somewhere in the middle. 
2015-07-22
Why Not All Momentum Stocks Are High-Beta You might think Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are high-beta stocks -- but you'd be wrong

Momentum is kind of an overused topic in sports. A three-run homer is way more important for the actual three runs it produces than some sort of potential future psychological impact. Ditto for a pick-six in football, a hockey goal, et. al.



But in stocks? Hey, momentum is pretty real. And the following hot names have done quite well this year, according to Bloomberg:

"Stick with your winners, goes an old Wall Street adage -- advice that is working better now than almost any time in the last quarter century.



"Momentum stocks, or shares with the most price appreciation in the last two to 12 months, are rising three times as fast as the Standard & Poor's 500 Index in 2015, on par with the best years ever recorded. In a market stuck in the tightest trading range ever measured, industries like biotech and online retailers are posting gains of 30 percent or more.



"Investors are drawing greater distinctions among companies when S&P 500 profit growth is forecast to slow to 1 percent, down from an annual rate of 15 percent since 2009. Health-care and makers of non-essential consumer goods, whose earnings are expected by analysts to rise about 11 percent this year, are in, while energy producers are out. "

Here's an odd dichotomy, though. You'd think we would classify these very same momentum names as "high beta," right? Well, there's an exchange-traded fund (ETF) that tracks the 100 highest-beta names in the S&P 500 Index (SPX) -- the PowerShares S&P 500 High Beta Portfolio (SPHB). And here's how SPHB looks vs. the S&P this year:

At best, SPHB tracked the S&P for the first half of the year, but it's lagged this last rally quite badly and is actually down in 2015. Well, here's why. Stocks like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are often momentum names, and they sound like high-beta names -- but they're actually not. That's because they're so big that, by definition, they carry beta near to market beta. They're not in the index.

Meanwhile, Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) is in SPHB, but it's only 1.35% of it, so it can't do heavy lifting like AAPL and GOOGL can. So, what does count as high-beta right now? Industrials and energy take up nearly 20% each, and that's not exactly the center of the current rally.

All in all, it's kind of an odd confluence. You have a rally clearly led by momentum in tech names. If you knew that, you would surely assume that high beta would prevail, yet that's clearly the opposite of true.

Disclaimer: Mr. Warner's opinions expressed above do not necessarily represent the views of Schaeffer's Investment Research 
2015-08-26
Small Business Lessons to Be Learned from Google's Big Changes Google s recently announced a drastic restructuring that includes the naming of a new corporate parent company, Alphabet. The change offers key lessons for small business owners in running their companies.

The key to the search engine behemoth s move has to do with the entrepreneur mindset of its founders, Google CEO Larry Page and co-founder Sergey Brin. But it also involves the need to fashion a buffer to shelter the billion-dollar Google brand.

Alphabet Inc. will replace Google Inc. as the publicly traded entity. The company even has a new CEO, former products chief Sundar Pichai (pictured above.)

Google will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Alphabet. It will also be the parent company of additional subsidiaries. Basically, Google is the best known brand in a collection of unrelated companies, such as Life Sciences. It works on glucose-sensing contact lenses. Creating Alphabet sets Google apart.

Essentially, the founders created a large umbrella company under which Google can stand apart   and remain undamaged when other subsidiaries launch major products in unrelated sectors. It takes big swings to launch products that change the world. With big swings come big misses.

Also, the average consumer thinks of certain things when they hear the name Google. The company has been stretching its brand name pretty far lately. Recent Google launches include Google Photos and Google Now. (Google itself owns and operates other well-known brands, including YouTube.)

As Mashable reports:

 Google used to be synonymous with search and advertisements but it has grown. With the advent of Android, the continued rise of YouTube and moonshot projects from Google X, it s hard to pin the company as being any one thing. 

In a post announcing the restructuring on the official Google Blog, Page wrote:

 This new structure will allow us to keep tremendous focus on the extraordinary opportunities we have inside of Google. A key part of this is Sundar Pichai. Sundar has been saying the things I would have said (and sometimes better!) for quite some time now, and I ve been tremendously enjoying our work together. He has really stepped up since October of last year, when he took on product and engineering responsibility for our Internet businesses. Sergey and I have been super excited about his progress and dedication to the company. And it is clear to us and our board that it is time for Sundar to be CEO of Google. I feel very fortunate to have someone as talented as he is to run the slightly slimmed down Google and this frees up time for me to continue to scale our aspirations. 

What Can You Learn?

Know When It s Time to Step Back

First, there comes a time when entrepreneurs can simply no longer be hands on if a venture is to flourish.

For example, as Jack Yoest, Clinical Assistant Professor of Management at The Catholic University of America, writes, innovators Wilbur and Orville Wright eventually had to do the same.

As meticulous mechanics and innovators, the brothers had given the world the first manned flight and liked doing everything themselves right down to filling the oil in the plane s engine.

But once the brothers launched their new Wright Company to commercialize their invention, this hands on approach was no longer possible.

Yoest writes:

Management is getting things done through the active support of others. The brothers would now see to it that others did the perfect labor. Employees would now pour oil into the crankcases   not the owners.

Also, as noted earlier, this approach frees up visionary entrepreneurs for more innovation.

Pay Attention to the Details

Of course, small businesses can sometimes learn as much from the mistakes of bigger companies as from their successes.

Two key risks are weighing heavily on the company, however. By changing names and launching a new one, the company risks creating large-scale confusion in the marketplace.

In addition, Google chose a name that is already in wide use by an assortment of companies.

A New York Times story detailed how widely used Alphabet is as a company name.

(You d think they might have at least Googled it!)

There is also an Alphabet Record Company from Austin, Texas and Alphabet Plumbing in Prescott, Arizona. There s an Alphabet Energy in Hayward, California, and even a J.P. Morgan mutual fund investor education initiative called Alphabet on Wall Street, the Times reported.

There s even an Internet domain alphabet.com already belonging to German car manufacturer BMW. They even own the trademark for the name!

What business lessons can you learn from the big shakeup at Google? 
2015-11-27
Look Out Alphabet Inc, Here Come Microsoft Corporation's Driverless Cars Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Zhejiang Geely's Volvo recently announced a partnership to develop driverless vehicles and modernize the car buying process. The companies haven't revealed the exact details regarding their driverless cars yet, but Volvo has stated that it will start using Microsoft's HoloLens in showrooms to project digital overlays over real vehicles.





This partnership indicates that Microsoft is getting serious about connected and autonomous cars. Last April, it unveiled Windows in the Car, a dashboard mirroring concept similar to Apple's (NASDAQ: AAPL) CarPlay and Alphabet's (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Android Auto. It updated that concept with Cortana integration this September, but it still hasn't evolved into a fully developed platform. Meanwhile, Microsoft lost ground in embedded vehicle operating systems to BlackBerry's QNX.

What Microsoft and Volvo's partnership means

Volvo is a well-known brand, but it only controls 1% to 2% of the worldwide auto market. The company has already added basic autonomous features, like auto steering and following functions, to some newer models like the XC90. It also recently unveiled the "Concept 26" interior for its future driverless cars.

It's still unclear how Microsoft's software will be integrated into these vehicles, but the partnership with Volvo already represents more progress than Google has made. Google still hasn't secured any major automaker partnerships in its driverless push, but it established its own automaker, Google Auto, last year. Apple is rumored to be using a BMW frame for its long-rumored driverless car, but neither company has confirmed those reports.

Microsoft faces a tough uphill battle in driverless cars due to its weakness in smartphones. Microsoft controls less than 3% of the global smartphone market, according to IDC, which prevents any Windows-based mirroring solutions from gaining ground against CarPlay and Android Auto.

Microsoft probably wants to expand its Windows 10 ecosystem to cars, but it will be difficult if CarPlay and Android Auto, which run "on top" of BlackBerry's QNX, become the dominant dashboards. This means that any driverless systems dependent on Apple or Google's ecosystems could cut Microsoft out of the loop.

Not all hope is lost

Microsoft still has a few tricks up its sleeve, however. The company previously partnered with Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (NYSE:HPE) to connect drivers to automakers via connected cars. HPE's Automotive Aftersales CX Management Solution, which is built on Microsoft's Dynamics CRM, delivers data from connected cars to automakers so that they can deliver personalized offers (like infotainment, concierge services, app downloads, and fuel services) to customers.

Expanding that foundation can encourage more automakers to connect their vehicles to Microsoft's cloud-based ecosystem. That data can also be extracted at the embedded OS level (where Microsoft and BlackBerry are dominant), instead of CarPlay and Android Auto's dashboard level.

Another issue is privacy. Several automakers have expressed concerns that Google could turn driverless cars into data miners for targeted ads. That's probably why Audi, Daimler, and BMW agreed to buy Nokia's HERE Maps unit in August. Like Google, HERE has been mapping out roads in "high detail" for driverless cars to navigate. But unlike Google, HERE has a fairly limited (and arguably less intrusive) advertising ecosystem. Microsoft, which isn't heavily dependent on advertising revenues, could exploit those privacy concerns about Google to partner with more automakers.

Market growth potential

Most companies believe that driverless cars will achieve mainstream adoption between 2020 and 2040. Research firm Boston Consulting Group estimates that sales of autonomous vehicle technologies could rise from nearly nothing today to $42 billion by 2025.

In this growing market, automakers will generate revenue by selling new cars with driverless features. Tech companies like Microsoft, Google, and Apple will profit by expanding their ecosystems into connected cars. Mobile leaders like Google and Apple have the upper hand in this battle, but Microsoft might unexpectedly secure automaker partnerships through its enterprise connections at a faster rate than either rival. Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Has a Serious Contender in Self-Driving Race: Mercedes Benz Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)is making serious inroads into the self-driving space as its self-driving cars push the limits on what AI can do in the auto space. Google has a fleet of Lexus and prototype cute panda-like cars on the roads of California and Texas and its cars have logged more than 1.2M autonomous miles. Google is the undisputed leader in the auto space as its self-driving project is flying while rivals are still walking.

Google s success in the self-driving space has drawn a number of rivals who want to produce AI systems for the auto space. Apple is one of such rivals with its  Project Titan  for which it is poaching talent from other auto firms. Tesla Motors is also in the self-driving space and its Autonomous update has given its Model S some impressive self-driving features. Google s success in the self-driving space is already causing traditional auto firms to wake up to the disruption in the auto space.

Mercedes Benz enters the self-driving space

News has it that German automaker; Mercedes Benz has entered the self-driving space with a couple of moves. One is the creation of a R&D lab in Sunnyvale, Calif., a space meant to display a command of innovation for the future of transport. In the words of Arwed Niestroj, the lab s CEO,  We believe in the 21st century, cars have to be very different. We have to think about them in new terms  It will become a mobile living space. 

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Mercedes has a number of steps that it plans to take to avoid being sidetracked in the self-driving car space. One is the aforementioned R&D lab. The firm has also started unveiling autonomous features in it luxury cars. The firm recently acquired Here, a startup with smart mapping tech.

Mercedes seems aware of Alphabet s end game

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is building self-driving cars but there are signs that the firm might not be planning to sell its cars. In fact, the market thinks that Google wants to build up enough self-driving cars so that it can start a transport-as-a-service platform similar to Uber.

Google thinks that cars should only serve a function and that there s really no need to own a personal or family car when you could summon a car via an app on your phone and have the car drop you off at your destination.

Mercedes is also entering the car-as-a-service landscape as its parent firm, Daimler, runs a car-sharing service, car2go. Car2go is available in 31 cities worldwide. The platform is similar to Zipcar but it is trying to create an Uber-like offering with which users can book their rides.

Mercedes already has cars on the road, and all it needs to is to add self-driving features. Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) would still dominate the self-driving car space because of its lead over rivals, but auto firms are not giving up without a fight. 
2015-12-30
Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Enterprise Value Quietly Surpasses Apple Inc. (AAPL) Tyler Durden: For the first time since early 2014,  no brainer  Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ:AAPL) Enterprise Value has fallen below that of its tech giant super-hero nemesis Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (the company formerly known as Google).

Since early July, Apple has lost a stunning $112 billion of  value  while Alphabet has added over $150 billion.

In September we asked  have we reached peak Apple?  it appears, for now, the answer is in.

As we noted previously,

Technological change often comes faster than what the people in it s thrall can predict. It wasn t that long ago when you and everyone else you knew were probably using AOL Instant Messenger, around the same time that dude, you were getting a Dell. Then one day you weren t. Blackberry s used to be so popular that  to bbm  someone made it into the dictionary, but then the devices all but disappeared. These inflection points are seldom based on the companies failing their customers, but rather because consumers simply moved on. Gabriel Stricker Joins Alphabet to Head Policy and Communications of Google Fiber Gabriel Stricker is returning to Google - or rather, Alphabet. Stricker, who earlier this year left his job as the Chief Communications Officer at Twitter, will now assume the leadership position of Policy And Communications of Google Fiber at Alphabet. Stricker previously worked at Google as Director of Global Communications & Public Affairs before joining Twitter in 2012.

Stricker's return to Google (or Alphabet) also suggests company's interest in expanding Google Fiber, the project to bring fast fibre-optic Internet connectivity and cable television to more regions in the United States. Stricker announced on Twitter that he will be leading policy and communications of Google Fiber.

Launched in 2010, Google Fiber has expanded to only a few cities including Nashville and Salt Lake City. The company recently announced that it will expand Fiber to LA and Chicago. As of earlier this year, Google Fiber had 27,000 television subscribers.

In August, as part of a large restructure, Google announced Alphabet Inc, its holding company. Alphabet assumes control over Google's core business, as well as self-driving cars, company's efforts in health and many moonshot projects. Google Fiber now comes under Alphabet Inc as well. Google Fiber getting its own policy and communications head suggests that Alphabet may no longer perceive Fiber as an experimental project. And the company would require Stricker's expertise when dealing with local policies, and internet service providers.

In July, Stricker, who helmed both communications and marketing at Twitter announced that he was leaving the micro-blogging platform. Stricker was one of the many top Twitter executives to step down from the position, with company's former CEO Dick Costolo being another one. Apple and Alphabet Could Dominate Internet of Things Space in 2016  Sidecar Technologies Shuts Ride-Sharing and Delivery Service Uber Technologies Inc. s field of challengers is one less.

Sidecar Technologies Inc., a smaller rival to Uber whose investors include Alphabet Inc. s Google Ventures and British billionaire Richard Branson, said it is shutting down its ride-sharing and delivery service and reassigning its staff to new projects.

The San Francisco startup, which was co-founded by Sunil Paul in 2011 and says it has raised $39 million in... 
2015-03-03
Israel's TowerJazz to produce sensors for Intel's 3D cameras A man walks past an Intel logo during a news conference by Intel Chief Executive Paul Otellini in Taipei October 28, 2010. REUTERS/Nicky Loh

TEL AVIV TowerJazz has won a contract from Intel Corp to produce infrared sensors for Intel's 3D cameras, the Israeli chip manufacturer said on Tuesday.

Terms of the deal were not disclosed, but a market source who asked not to be named estimates that the agreement could be worth hundreds of millions of dollars within four years.

The 3D cameras installed on laptops recognize gestures, enabling users to control their computers with hand and head movements.

The technology was developed by Intel's Israeli subsidiary close to TowerJazz's manufacturing plant in northern Israel.

Avi Strum, general manager of TowerJazz's CMOS image sensor business, said the technology has numerous potential uses, such as the ability for the likes of cooks or car mechanics to operate a computer with gestures rather than having to touch it with dirty hands.

The camera can also capture images of an object and quickly create a model for use in 3D printing.

"Intel sensing solutions will bring consumers new experiences and will change the way people capture and share 3D images," Strum said.

"That Intel chose us for mass production of such sensors is very positive."

While gesture control is most common in laptops or gaming systems, it is expected to become more widely used in mobile devices such as smartphones.

Shares in TowerJazz were up 4 percent at 69.19 shekels ($17) in early afternoon trade in Tel Aviv.

(Reporting by Tova Cohen; Editing by David Goodman) Italy approves plan to boost broadband networks ROME The Italian government approved a plan on Tuesday to bring its high-speed broadband network into line with European Union targets, but it held back from forcing operators to replace their copper-wire networks with fiber-optic cable.

Italy faces growing pressure to strengthen its telecommunications infrastructure and digital sector to help improve the performance of an economy that has been in virtual stagnation for two decades.

"We are creating a plan to give our country the digital infrastructure, the digital highways like any other European country," Industry Minister Federica Guidi told reporters.

The European Commission ranks Italy near the bottom of the 28-member EU in terms of digital economy and online services. A recent report showed that almost a third of the population (31 percent) had never used the Internet.

Although basic fixed broadband is available almost everywhere, only 51 percent of households are subscribers -- the lowest level in the EU -- and only 21 percent of households have access to faster, next-generation networks.

The EU's digital agenda calls for member states to ensure by 2020 that all households have access to internet lines with download speeds above 30 megabits per second and half have access to super-fast 100-megabit connections.

The Italian government has pledged 6 billion euros ($6.71 billion) to build up the networks, which it hopes to boost with private investment from telecoms operators. Guidi said if all worked well, 100-megabit coverage could reach up to 85 percent of households.

While all sides acknowledge the need to upgrade Italy's aging copper-wire internet infrastructure, the cost of installing a new fiber-optic network over a short period has alarmed the telecoms companies.

The government favored modernizing the whole network with fiber optic cable directly into subscribers' homes (so-called fiber-to-the-home, or FTTH).

But operators argue that immediate conversion would be too costly. They prefer boosting the capacity of existing copper-wire connections that run between street cabinets and households (so-called fiber-to-the cabinet or FTTC).

Speculation that the government may order the former monopolist Telecom Italia to switch off its copper network entirely over the next few years caused some alarm in the sector, but Guidi said companies would be left to decide the most appropriate technological solution.

"The choice has been to leave the market, the operators to decide on the most efficient technology," Industry Minister Guidi told reporters.

(Reporting by James Mackenzie; Editing by Larry King) 
2015-11-09
Google Seeks to Influence AI Research by Giving Software Away Attendees work on computers as they lounge during the Google I/O Annual Developers Conference in San Francisco.

Google wants to set the standard on artificial intelligence.

The Web company, seeking to influence how people design, test, and run artificial-intelligence systems, is making its internal AI development software available for free.

The Alphabet Inc.-subsidiary is releasing a program called TensorFlow as freely available open-source software, it said Monday. It s based on the same internal system Google has spent several years developing to support its AI software and other mathematically complex programs.

Artificial intelligence enables products such as personal assistants, including Google Now and Microsoft s Cortana. It also lets Facebook and Google s software automatically identify and tag the contents of images uploaded into their systems. It also makes entirely new product categories possible, ranging from self-driving cars from Tesla and Google, to new forms of entertainment in virtual reality applications being developed by Facebook for its virtual-reality system Oculus.

The release of TensorFlow means anyone can download and modify the development software that underpins RankBrain, the AI powering part of Google s search engine and new features such as its Smart Reply e-mail tool, Google wrote in a blog post.

Companies ranging from Google to Facebook Inc. to Microsoft Corp. are seeking to influence AI development by staffing up research labs, publishing academic research papers, giving presentations at conferences and even guest lecturing at universities. They re betting that by being open they can entice talented academics to work for them, while encouraging the wider community to work on new AI technologies. Other companies, such as Apple Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. have been more secretive in the past, but are seeking to be more open.

The companies are also trying guide AI development. Facebook has released free code for Torch, an AI development tool used by Google s DeepMind subsidiary, AMD, Intel, and others. Twitter announced its first contribution to Torch on Friday. Microsoft, meanwhile, has published numerous AI programs and datasets as open source.

By releasing TensorFlow, Google aims to make the software it built to develop and run its own AI systems a part of the standard toolset used by researchers, said Jason Freidenfelds, a spokesman for Mountain View, California-based Google. It may also help Google identify potential talent.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Google has shared TensorFlow ahead of its release with a few people, he said. Christopher Manning, a professor of Linguistics and Computer Science at Stanford University, has --- along with two students -- been writing AI programs using TensorFlow. He says the system can perform operations much faster than other tools, and includes features that take a long time to program, like fine-tuned systems that work with graphical processing unit chips from companies such as Nvidia Corp.

The main factor that could make or break TensorFlow is Google s involvement with the open-source community that adopts it.

"As a researcher, if a tool makes you faster that s pretty compelling," Manning said. "Based on the evidence available to me now I think it will be widely adopted." 
2015-09-30
Google's Alphabet May Spell Upside  Google NASA D-Wave Enter A Partnership, Bet On Quantum Computing Google, with research partners NASA and USRA, signed a new agreement with quantum computer maker D-Wave.

The most recent D-Wave quantum computer, D-Wave 2X, is now operational at NASA Ames.

Google and its research partners will have access to next-generation D-Wave computers as they become available.

Google has a lot to gain from the unprecedented computational power of quantum computing and its applications to critical core business areas.

Google is in a good position to buy D-Wave, but the quantum computer maker could be thinking about an IPO instead.

Google NASA D-Wave Team Up

In the race for superior quantum computing capabilities, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) is making some interesting moves. Google, NASA, and the Universities Space Research Association (USRA), have signed an agreement with quantum computer maker D-Wave that will give them access to new quantum processors as they are developed for the next seven years, D-Wave said in a press release. The deals builds on on an earlier hardware agreement from May 2013.

"This allows Google to get the latest machine from D-Wave as soon as it s available," said D-Wave CEO Vern Brownell. "The new agreement is the largest order in D-Wave s history, and indicative of the importance of quantum computing in its evolution toward solving problems that are difficult for even the largest supercomputers," said Brownell in the D-Wave press release. "We highly value the commitment that our partners have made to D-Wave and our technology, and are excited about the potential use of our systems for machine learning and complex optimization problems."

A previous coverage of the developments in quantum computing, looks at the general direction that the industry as a whole is heading in.



The research partners will use new generations of D-Wave systems to be installed at NASA Ames, as they become available, to study how quantum computing can advance artificial intelligence and machine learning, and the solution of difficult optimization problems. The installation of the most recent D-Wave quantum computer, D-Wave 2X, was recently completed and the system is now operational at NASA Ames, one of the world s leading high performance computing centers.

"Working with the D-Wave processors has helped us develop and fine-tune models of quantum annealing," said Hartmut Neven, Director of Engineering for Google and Head of the Quantum Artificial Intelligence Lab. "We look forward to the continued advancements coming from each generation of D-Wave systems."

Bloomberg Business notes that, with this move, Google is making sure that it will play a role in the next era of computing. The Quantum Artificial Intelligence Laboratory (QuAIL), located in the NASA Advanced Supercomputing Facility at Ames Research Center, supports quantum computing research and development at NASA, Google, and the USRA.

"Through research at NASA Ames, we hope to demonstrate that quantum computing and quantum algorithms may someday dramatically improve our ability to solve difficult optimization problems for missions in aeronautics, Earth and space sciences, and space exploration," said Eugene Tu, Center Director at NASA s Ames Research Center. "The availability of increasingly more powerful quantum systems are key to achieving these goals, and work is now underway with D-Wave s latest technology."

Quantum computers encode information in "qubits" that, instead of being in definite zero or one states like classical bits, can be in weird quantum superpositions of zero and one states, and process information in ways that have no equivalent in classical computing by exploiting subtle quantum phenomena. Experts believe that future quantum computers will permit solving very complex computational challenges, beyond the reach of even today's most powerful computers, for a wide range of critical applications.

"Our collaboration with Google and NASA enables the university community to access the most cutting edge area of computing research today - quantum computing," said David Bell, Director, USRA s Research Institute for Advanced Computer Science. "At USRA, we are excited to see the diversity of research that will result by having universities and other research organizations from around the world conduct research using each generation of D-Wave systems."

Of course, Google isn't the only company to bet on the breakthrough potential of quantum computing. Other top technology companies are entering into partnerships with universities and research laboratories for next-generation quantum computing systems. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) believes that quantum computing is a strategic technology and recently invested $50 million in a research collaboration to accelerate advancements in quantum computing. IBM (NYSE:IBM) and Lockheed Martin (NYSE:LMT) have ongoing quantum computing projects.

Any of the top public tech companies mentioned above - Intel, Lockheed Martin, Google, and IBM - could be thinking of buying D-Wave. However, the quantum computer maker could be thinking about an IPO instead, Wall Street Journal reported in January.

"This agreement demonstrates the commitment by leading corporations and government organizations to the use of D-Wave's technology to solve problems that are difficult or impossible to solve using classical computers," said Alexei A. Andreev, Executive Vice President and Managing Director of Harris & Harris (NASDAQ:TINY), an investor in D-Wave.

Google has a lot to gain from the unprecedented computational power of quantum computing and its potential applications to Google's critical core business areas, such as optimization and machine learning, and therefore it seems likely that this move will boost Google's stock in the mid and long term. Investors bullish on quantum computing should also watch for news about the possible D-Wave IPO, or consider investing in Harris & Harris Group. Better Than Apple? Google May Have the Best Smartphone Strategy Although the two companies are often compared, there's very little tech giants Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) have in common. Sure, the two do have a direct competition in the smartphone markets on both a device and operating system standpoint, but to characterize the fight as a rivalry does a disservice to Apple on a device basis and Google on an operating-system one, as the results aren't even close.

Even though Apple's picked up market share with its iOS recently, the battle is decidedly one in Google's favor. For example, on a worldwide basis, Android had a whopping 80%-plus market share in the recently reported second quarter, while Apple has mostly consolidated the remainder of the market.

However, when it comes to specific devices, Apple's host of high-end iPhones dominates Google's Nexus line. For a quick comparison, over the past four reporting periods, Google reported $69.6 billion in revenue total and does not divulge revenue for its Nexus line of devices. For a comparison to how that compares with Apple -- actually, just its iPhone business -- see this visual:

Quarter* (Calendar) Q3 '14 Q4 '14 Q1 '15 Q2' 15 LTM Google $16,520 $18,100 $17,258 $17,727 $69,605 Apple's iPhone Revenue $23,678 $51,182 $40,282 $31,368 $146,510

When it comes to the smartphone market, it can be argued that Google perhaps has a stronger strategy. And if that sounds crazy to you, as these figures seem to suggest, let's step back and discuss how both companies make those aforementioned billions in revenue. Why Investors Should Care About Google Fiber Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. 
2015-09-18
Google Alphabet Google unveiled the Google Alphabet, which will be the parent holding company of Google and other companies it bought and its sub-companies.

Larry Page, the co-founder of Google with Sergey Brin, posted a message regarding this update on Google Alphabet s website ABC.xyz called,  G is for Google.  The .xyz is a new top-level domain that will end .com s popularity and has become popular ever since Google created its Alphabet website using the domain.

Google has created many sub-companies including Google Maps, YouTube, Android, Chrome, and Google X. Alphabet will now own Google and the other companies that are part of Google including Songza, Boston Dynamics, and Nest Labs.

Google will now be run by Sundar Pichai who was the former chief of Chrome and Android. Larry Page will be the CEO of Alphabet and Sergey Brin will be President.

Under Alphabet will be Google; Nest Labs, which created the WiFi enabled thermostat and other home security systems that connect to the Internet; Calico, a biotech company focused on anti-aging and combating diseases; Google X, a research lab focused on creating future technologies such as a self-driving car and Google Glass; Google Ventures, which is a venture capital investment arm that helps fund and grow technology companies; Google Capital, which focuses on investing in larger technology companies; Google Fiber, which aims to provide 1 Gbps internet in the U.S.; and Boston Dynamics, a robot design and engineering company.

Alphabet Inc. will replace Google Inc. as the publicly shared entity; all shares will be transferred to Alphabet. However, Alphabet will still trade under its ticker symbols GOOG and GOOGL.

Ultimately, Alphabet was created to allow each company to be more independent and develop its own brands while still efficiently fulfilling more tasks through a long-term view, increasing transparency, and improving the lives of others. Dual-class share structures are making a comeback Even though dual-class share structures have been long reviled by corporate governance pundits who live by the mantra  one share, one vote,  the structures are regaining popularity, driven in part by high-profile examples of superior stock performance.

Aside from capping foreign ownership (e.g., in telecom and airlines), dual-class share structures exist to provide one group (usually company founders) with voting control over the direction of the company. That can be done through super-voting shares, where one share of equity has multiple votes, or with non-

voting shares for the majority.

During the height of the revolt against these structures in Canada a decade ago, the TSX revamped its ticker symbols, hoping investors could identify stocks with inferior voting rights. Problem was, everybody strained to recall tickers like TEK.SV.B (the symbol for one class of Teck Cominco shares), or to make the distinction between multiple, subordinate, limited, restricted and non-voting shares. The new tickers were abandoned not long after.

It was never clear why some corporate governance pundits thought plain disclosure wasn t sufficient warning for investors, or why they believed company founders should surrender the economic value of their voting control for free. After all, investors can vote with their feet at any time. In truth, it seemed the biggest complaints always came from activist investors or institutions with large illiquid ownership interests who were facing buyer s regret.

Luckily, times have changed. Advisors need to be aware that dual-class shares are enjoying a rebirth. Several recent Canadian IPOs have sported dual-share structures, including Cara Operations, Shopify and Spin Master.

Successful companies

At least some of the resurgence in dual-class structures is due to the success that many companies and investors in the U.S. have enjoyed, especially in the tech realm. Google Inc. (soon to trade as Alphabet Inc.), with a market cap of roughly US$450 billion, has had a dual-class structure since its IPO in 2004. The stock has also appreciated at an annual rate of 29% per year since. Founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin control the company through super-voting shares, which outweigh the combined power of the regular-voting and non-voting listed shares.

While being a cash machine doesn t hurt in convincing the market that the founders should have sole control of the reins, Google has also remained responsive to market input. In August 2015, the company announced a corporate restructuring that will provide greater financial statement transparency, which is almost always better for stock performance.

Google is far from alone. Facebook has risen 32% annually since its IPO in May 2012. Founder Mark Zuckerberg controls the company with 55% of the votes while owning just 20% of the company.

Then there is Warren Buffett, who has defended dual-class shares, not only at his holding company, Berkshire Hathaway, but also at several public companies in which he has invested.

Despite these successes, proxy advisory firms still routinely urge investors to vote in favour of proposals that ask founders to surrender the value of their superior voting shares with no compensation. Generally, listed shares with superior votes trade at a 2% to 6% premium to their inferior counterparts. The value of complete control is usually much greater than that.

The flipside of dual-class shares

The blanket corporate governance stance of the advisory firms is somewhat understandable. For every Google or Facebook, there seems to be a Magna or Bombardier.

Magna famously paid Frank Stronach $1 billion to collapse the dual-share structure at the auto-parts maker in 2010. Stronach held two-thirds of the votes with less than 1% equity. As bitter a pill as it was for investors to swallow, the shares are up 300% since the deal was announced. Recently, the dual-class structure at Bombardier has been thrust back into the spotlight.

The share price is down 60% year-to-date as of mid-August. The stock enjoyed a brief respite when the market thought the company might sell off its rail assets for a handsome sum. But the company poured cold water on the idea, preferring to seek alternative funding arrangements and a long-term investment in the rail business.

Time will tell whether the company needs a firm hand on the rudder with a long-term vision, or whether investors would be better off with a large, one-time transaction to significantly boost shareholder value in the short term.

Hard to let go

The general reason for providing founders with voting control is to allow them to fulfill their long-term vision for the company while still accessing the broad funding of the public markets.

But even after 10 years as a public company, Google s founders won t let go. Also, they restructured the share classes in 2014 to allow the company to issue only non-voting shares in the future, potentially entrenching the founders  voting majority for good.

The founders of Alimentation Couche-Tard are following a similar path. Originally, the retired executives, including chairman Alain Bouchard, were set to collapse their super voting control in 2021. Recently, they ve asked shareholders to extend that control in a vote set for September 2015. That might not be a bad idea. It s questionable whether Couche-Tard s highly successful and transformative purchases, like SFR in 2012, would ve been constrained under the quarterly watch of impatient shareholders.

Don t like it? Leave

There s nothing wrong with surrendering voting rights, as long as investors have faith in the founders  long-term vision. If that faith wavers, investors can always vote with their feet, sell their shares, and leave the complaining to activist investors and corporate governance pundits. Google Inc Taps Auto Industry Veteran to Lead Driverless Car Division Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has just hired auto industry veteran John Krafcik as the CEO of its driverless cars division. Krafcik was previously president of car price comparison website TrueCar, a product development executive at Ford, and the former CEO of Hyundai Motors America.

In a series of tweets, Krafcik called his appointment a "great opportunity to help Google develop the enormous potential of self-driving cars," noting that "self-driving cars could save thousands of lives, give people greater mobility, and free us from things we find frustrating about driving today." Krafcik's hiring indicates that Google is getting serious about expanding its efforts, which many investors and analysts still consider a "moonshot."

The story thus far

Google unveiled its prototype electric driverless cars last year and declared that its self-driving vehicles would be ready for mass production by 2020. The plan has gotten a lot of support from Uber, which considers driverless vehicles to be a potential solution to its ongoing problems with human drivers.

Several other leading automakers, including Daimler Mercedes-Benz, General Motors, and Hyundai have all expressed a similar belief that more driverless cars could hit public roads by 2020. Over the past two years, Mercedes has showcased impressive driverless concept cars including an 18-wheeler and a pod-like electric car called the F 015 Luxury in Motion.

To help its driverless cars "see," Google maps out roads in high detail so they can identify curbs, signs, and other potential obstacles. It does this because its autonomous system, which renders surroundings in 3D with a rotating LIDAR, can't process all that data in real time. It's a time consuming process -- as of last May, Google had scanned about 2,000 miles of roads, compared to 170,000 miles of public roads just in California. Google's vehicles, which are each equipped with about $250,000 in hardware, are also still far too expensive for mass production.

Lots of speed bumps

On paper, it makes sense to let computers do all the driving. Almost 33,000 Americans died in 2013 from auto accidents. The CDC claims that the three leading causes are distracted driving, speeding, and drunk driving -- which could all have been eliminated by driverless vehicles.

As of July, Google's 23 self-driving cars had been involved in 14 minor traffic accidents on public roads. In each case, Google claimed that human drivers were at fault instead of the computers. But that also means that for accidents to be completely eliminated, human drivers must completely leave the roads, and that probably won't happen within the next decade.

Automakers have also questioned Google's intentions in mapping out roads for driverless cars. In June, Audi CEO Rupert Stadler warned against the data-mining potential of Google's driverless vehicles, stating that "the only person who needs access to the data onboard is the customer." Daimler also expressed similar concerns in the past.

A rebellion against Google

That's probably why both companies, along with a consortium of German automakers, teamed up to buy Nokia's (NYSE:NOK) HERE mapping division for  2.8 billion ($3.07 billion) last month. HERE Maps account for over 80% of all embedded auto maps worldwide, and it's also producing 360-degree images of roads with its LIDAR technology for driverless cars. The company previously claimed that it would finish a high-detail map database for highways in the U.S. and Europe by 2018.

It's easy to see why automakers view Google with such suspicion. Google already gathers location-based data from Google Maps, which it uses for targeted ads. By receiving more data from driverless routes, it can accumulate even more data for marketers. If U.S. and Japanese automakers also favor using HERE over Google maps for their driverless cars, the search giant could get left out in the cold.

The road ahead

Google previously stated that it won't manufacture its own vehicles but will license the technology to automakers instead. John Krafcik's industry experience could help Google land more negotiations with these companies, but I think there are still too many unanswered questions regarding the business.

Google's equipment is still too pricey, the safety benefits are debatable, and its data mining intentions are unclear. Unless Krafcik can clear up those points, Google's driverless cars unit could remain a "moonshot" rather than a sustainable business. Letter Re. US-China Internet Industry Forum To the CEOs of technology firms participating in the US-China Internet Industry Forum:

Human Rights Watch is an international nongovernmental organization that monitors and reports on human rights abuses in some 90 countries around the world. We have documented abuses and advocated for redress in China for more than two decades, and similarly defended the freedom of expression online for a decade.

Related Content Letter to the CEOs of technology firms participating in the US-China Internet Industry Forum

We write now regarding your participation in the forthcoming US-China Internet Industry Forum and related meetings with Chinese President Xi Jinping and Director of Cyberspace Administration Lu Wei taking place in Seattle on September 22-23, ahead of their state visit in Washington, DC later that week. We urge that you use this occasion to ask President Xi to reverse his government s expansion of surveillance, censorship, and data collection, and urge him and other leaders to protect privacy and other human rights online. At a minimum, we urge that your companies publicly commit on this occasion not to enable government abuses of freedom of expression and privacy in China, as some Western companies have done in the past. Your firms  robust criticisms of the US government s mass surveillance practices set a standard that you should not lower for China.

The Internet has played a critical role in creating transparency and enabling redress for human rights violations in China. The Internet has effectively been the only public space where Chinese people can air their grievances, exchange their views, and criticize the government with some limited freedom. Through discussing public events, such as the Tianjin warehouse blast in 2015 or the Wenzhou train crash in 2011, Chinese people have collectively pushed for greater accountability and transparency for the government.

Yet since assuming the leadership in March 2013, President Xi s government has presided over an assault on human rights, including freedom of expression and respect for civil society, unseen in a decade.[1] President Xi s predecessors specifically designed China s internet infrastructure to enable a high degree of state control and censorship, and Xi came into office characterizing control of the Internet as  a matter of life and death  for the Chinese Communist Party. In recent years, Chinese authorities have moved beyond the mere maintenance of the  Great Firewall  towards comprehensive regulation of China s cyberspace to maintain  Internet sovereignty,  rejecting foreign technologies for government use, subjecting technologies to greater scrutiny for  cybersecurity  purposes, strengthening the censorship apparatus, detaining influential bloggers, and severely restricting access to the Virtual Private Networks that some netizens use to access content forbidden inside the country. The government has drafted a new Cybersecurity Law which requires Internet companies, including foreign ones, to practice censorship, register users  real names, localize data, and aid government surveillance.[2]

The government s long-term strategy has been and remains protecting domestic internet companies in China, monitoring and punishing online critics, and retaining as much control as possible over content. Increasingly, it seeks to require foreign companies to assist in implementing Beijing s security and surveillance goals and ensure Internet technologies are  controllable,  whether by law or through  voluntary  pledges.

Your firms have played a critical role in defending online freedom of expression and privacy rights in the United States. We commend your efforts to reform surveillance programs revealed by Edward Snowden. We also welcome the strong stance many of your companies have taken to oppose US law enforcement requests to build  back doors  into your products to aid surveillance.

It is important to remember that foreign technology companies have considerable leverage over the Chinese government. Your companies develop some of the world s most cutting-edge technologies that are much needed by a Chinese government with strong desires to propel its economy forward.

However, we are concerned about recent media reports that some US companies are considering or have even conceded to requirements to store Chinese user data within China to gain market access. This approach raises considerable questions about how companies will respond to requests for user data in a country where the right to privacy is not adequately protected in law or practice and where peaceful dissent is interpreted as a threat to state power. It will be much more difficult for your companies to avoid complicity in Chinese repression if you store user data in China.[3]

Your companies have a responsibility to respect human rights and prevent abuses linked to your operations. We understand that China represents a critical market for your firms, but urge that you proceed with the same commitment to promoting and protecting human rights in China as you do in the United States. President Xi s visit and the U.S.-China Internet Industry Forum offer an ideal opportunity to make clear that your firms  defense of privacy and other human rights, and your objections to becoming complicit in state surveillance, will be as strong in China as they have been in the United States.

I would welcome the opportunity to discuss these important issues with you.

Sincerely,

Kenneth Roth

Executive Director

Human Rights Watch

CC:

Mr. Larry Page, Chief Executive Officer

Alphabet Inc.

Google Inc.

Mr. Sundar Pichai, Chief Executive Officer- Designate

Google Inc.

Mr. Tim Cook , Chief Executive Officer

Apple Inc.

Mr. Chuck Robbins, Chief Executive Officer

Cisco Systems, Inc.

Mr. John Chambers, Executive Chairman

Cisco Systems, Inc.

Mr. Mark Zuckerberg, Chief Executive Officer

Facebook

Ms. Ginni Rometty, Chief Executive Officer

IBM Corporation

Mr. Satya Nadella, Chief Executive Officer

Micosoft

Mr. Travis Kalanick, Chief Executive Officer

Uber Technologies, Inc. 
2015-10-29
Is a Vote at Alphabet, Inc. Worth $15? It's now been over a year since Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) conducted its stock-split and implemented a triple-class share structure. Last year, the company further consolidated voting power among the triumvirate that is Larry Page, Sergey Brin, and Eric Schmidt by creating Class C shares that get no voting rights. These shares are the ones that currently trade under the ticker symbol GOOG, while the Class A shares that trade under the ticker symbol GOOGL are entitled to 1 vote per share.

Class A shares and Class C shares have the exact same economic and ownership rights entitled to them. The only difference between the two classes is a single vote. Now that things have settled down following the split, investors have a little bit more data to analyze.

A tale of two share classes

Since both A and C shares have the same economic value, both expectedly trade in lockstep of each other. Both shares trade with comparable volume and liquidity (both trade an average of 2.3 million shares per day), so should be reasonably comparable in terms of pricing efficiency. They rise and fall together, through the best of times and the worst of times. 
2015-06-26
Two rival self-driving cars have close call in California MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. Two self-driving prototype cars, one operated by Google Inc and the other by Delphi Automotive Plc, had a close call on a Silicon Valley street earlier this week, a Delphi executive told Reuters on Thursday.

It was believed to be the first such incident involving two vehicles specially equipped for automated driving.

The incident occurred Tuesday on San Antonio Road in Palo Alto, said John Absmeier, director of Delphi's Silicon Valley lab and global business director for the company's automated driving program, who was a passenger in one of the cars.

No collision took place.

Google declined to comment.

Absmeier was a passenger in a prototype Audi Q5 crossover vehicle equipped with lasers, radar, cameras and special computer software designed to enable the vehicle to drive itself, with a person at the wheel as a backup.

As the Delphi vehicle prepared to change lanes, a Google self-driving prototype - a Lexus RX400h crossover fitted with similar hardware and software - cut off the Audi, forcing it to abort the lane change, Absmeier said.

The Delphi car "took appropriate action," according to Absmeier.

Delphi's Silicon Valley lab is based in Mountain View, not far from Google headquarters. While Delphi is running two Audi prototypes in California, Google has been testing more than 20 Lexus prototypes.

On Thursday, Google started testing self-driving vehicle prototypes of its own design on local streets. The latest prototypes use the same software as the Lexus vehicles.

Both companies previously have reported minor collisions of self-driving cars with vehicles piloted by people. In most of those cases, the self-driving car was stopped, typically at an intersection, and was rear-ended by another vehicle.

In all cases, the self-driving prototype was not at fault, according to the California Department of Motor Vehicles and the companies.

(Editing by Stephen R. Trousdale and Leslie Adler) 
2015-04-13
Delta Air Lines Inc.: VIRGIN ATLANTIC TO LAUNCH AIR4 SUITE OF PASSENGER ... Top Company Interviews



LONDON, April 13, 2015 - Virgin Atlantic has announced that it will move to AIR4, an innovative suite of passenger service systems (PSS). AIR4 offers reservation, ticketing and departure control functionality, as well as enhanced web, kiosk and mobile capabilities, featuring customer-centric options such as automated bag drop and disruption management.The best-in-class suite of systems has been built on Delta's proven PSS technology platform and has been selected by Virgin Atlantic following a thorough tender and evaluation process. AIR4's implementation represents a step change in Virgin Atlantic's technology portfolio and will cement the Virgin Atlantic/Delta joint venture as the most customer-focused transatlantic airline partnership, ensuring seamless experiences for both Delta and Virgin customers. AIR4 (Access Information Real-time for Customers) will be fully distinct from Delta's PSS but close alignment will allow Virgin Atlantic to benefit in full from Delta's extensive development pipeline, creating huge opportunities for innovation and customer service improvement. Virgin Atlantic Director of Network and Alliances Joe Thompson said: "This is a further example of how our partnership with Delta Air Lines can bring extensive benefits both to our customers and to our business. AIR4 will significantly improve our customers' experiences when booking and travelling with Virgin Atlantic across our network. "By accessing Delta's expertise and development plan we can build even better customer journeys, and offer an even more joined-up experience for customers travelling on our joint venture services." Delta's Senior Vice President for Europe, Middle East and Africa, Perry Cantarutti added: "Virgin Atlantic's decision to use Delta's core customer service technology platforms will simultaneously eliminate passenger experience seams and means that we can share long-term IT investments and direction which are key differentiators for our joint venture." The migration to AIR4 is scheduled for implementation in 2016 Customers wishing to book travel on Delta and Virgin Atlantic services can visit www.delta.com and www.virgin-atlantic.com or see their travel agent. Notes to editors Virgin Atlantic is migrating from its existing host system for reservations known as SHARES. Work has already begun contacting Virgin Atlantic's key trade and sales partners to explain the change of system, but it will not impact the way the airline works with its partners. Delta is the only U.S. airline to directly control its critical technology systems making it possible to build the next generation of technology that will improve the travel experiences of customers. About Delta and Virgin Atlantic: Launched on January 1, 2014, the Delta Air Lines and Virgin Atlantic Airways joint venture partnership creates an expanded transatlantic route network, enhancing competition between the UK and North America. With up to 39 flights each way per day between the UK and 15 nonstop destinations in the United States and Mexico, the joint venture provides a premier service with the benefits of an aligned route network offering more frequencies, competitive fares and seamless service. The JV offers customers connecting in the United States simple and convenient access to and from 215 destinations, as well as frequent flyer reciprocity and global lounge access. www.delta.com and www.virgin-atlantic.com US firm CrowdStrike claims success in deterring Chinese hackers COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. U.S. cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike Inc said Monday it had successfully prevented a Chinese hacker group from targeting a U.S. technology firm for the first time, offering promise for other companies facing cyber attacks.

Dmitri Alperovitch, co-founder and chief technology officer of CrowdStrike, told Reuters his company had observed a China-based hacker group called Hurricane Panda halt its attacks on a U.S. Internet technology firm in January, after the hackers detected CrowdStrike's presence on the company's networks.

Alperovitch said firms in the financial and cybersecurity sectors had shown interest because of the results.

The January incident occurred after CrowdStrike responded to a breach at another U.S. tech firm in April 2014 that also was traced to Hurricane Panda.

CrowdStrike later detected that the group was attempting to use a newly discovered Windows vulnerability, known as a "0-day" threat, to attack the firm.

After CrowdStrike reported this risk to Microsoft, which patched the vulnerability, the hacker group abandoned efforts to regain access to the network of the first firm, he said.

Alperovitch said CrowdStrike had a "high degree of confidence" that the hacker group was linked to the Chinese government, but gave no further details.

CrowdStrike was later hired by the second firm that the same Chinese group attempted to breach and expelled them from that company's networks, only to have them repeatedly seek to break back in, Alperovitch said.

He did not name either firm but said they worked in Internet infrastructure, which can include areas such as telecommunications, cloud computing and web hosting.

In January, Hurricane Panda managed to get a webshell onto the second company's server and executed commands to check if CrowdStrike was loaded in memory, Alperovitch said. Webshells, normally used by server administrators, are vulnerable to exploitation by hackers.

Once Hurricane Panda detected CrowdStrike's presence, the group exited that system and ceased further activity, he said.

"They realized that we had raised the cost and given the time and money wasted on the previous 0-day, decided it wasn't worth it," he said. "It was the first time we'd seen that."

Alperovitch said the incident offered a new security plan for many U.S. firms facing attacks on their networks.

CrowdStrike uses a team of two dozen "expert hunters" around the world who monitor clients' networks for signs of hackers and cyber attacks, he said. This enables them to leverage and learn from other incidents at relatively low cost.

(Editing by Bernadette Baum) 3 Reasons Google Inc. Shouldn't Acquire Twitter Inc. Is Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) planning to buy Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) soon? Recent rumors suggest that it's possible, based on reports that Twitter has hired Goldman Sachs to fend off takeover attempts.

This isn't the first time we've heard about Google's interest in Twitter. Back in 2009, Google was reportedly in late-stage negotiations to buy Twitter for $250 million. In early 2011, rumors suggested that Google, Facebook (NASDAQ: FB), and several other companies offered to buy Twitter for around $10 billion. This January, new reports claimed that Google could make an even higher offer.

The logic behind a Twitter takeover is simple. Google's previous social networking efforts -- Orkut, Buzz, and Google+ -- have been dwarfed by Facebook's 1.39 billion monthly active users (MAUs). Facebook is capitalizing on that lead with its own video-hosting platform, location-based services, payments platform, and other services. It's tethering more third party sites and apps to its ecosystem with single sign-ons, which collect data for targeted ads. Since that growth threatens Google's ecosystem of ads and services, it desperately needs a social solution to widen its defensive moat against Facebook.

If Google acquires Twitter, which now has a market cap of $34 billion, it would be its largest acquisition ever. But in my opinion, it's not worth that lofty price tag. Let's take a look at three reasons the deal would be a huge waste of money for Google.

1. It's expensive

Twitter's revenues more than doubled year over year to $1.4 billion in 2014. However, it reported a net loss of $645 million, up slightly from a loss of $578 million in 2013.

Last quarter, Twitter reported a net loss of $125 million, which was mostly attributed to $177 million in stock-based compensation. But surprisingly, those hefty bonuses still couldn't prevent Twitter's chief operating officer, chief financial officer, head of news, and head of engineering from all leaving within the past 15 months.

Twitter stock is also overvalued at current prices. Twitter trades at 24 times sales, compared to Facebook and LinkedIn's (NYSE:LNKD) P/S ratios of 18 and 14. This means that Twitter could be bought at a cheaper price if fundamental gravity kicks in.

2. Stagnant user growth

Twitter's MAU growth has slowed down considerably over the past year. Back the fourth quarter of 2013, MAUs rose 30% year over year to 241 million. But in the fourth quarter of 2014, MAUs only grew 20% to 288 million.

A recent survey by Pew Research Center also found that just 23% of American adults use Twitter, placing it in fifth place behind Facebook, LinkedIn, Pinterest, and Facebook's Instagram, in that order.

In January, Twitter disclosed that 24 million of its users have never tweeted, meaning that they could be robots, third-party apps, or spam accounts. Moreover, there's a huge gray market for sales of fake followers, which are created by algorithms and sold by the thousands to attention-seeking Twitter users. These problems damage Twitter's reputation as a social network and advertising platform.

3. Google already has decent access

Twitter previously prevented Google from listing tweets in its search results. But in February, Twitter signed a deal with Google to bring tweets back to Google searches. Twitter stated that the deal would encourage new users to sign up, that it could monetize the landing pages with ads, and that it would generate additional data revenues by sending the tweets to Google.

However, the deal arguably benefited Google more than Twitter. The partnership lets Google users bypass Twitter's revenue-generating News Feed and jump straight to the tweet. Therefore, Twitter users who regularly use Twitter's internal search engine could start using Google to simultaneously scour tweets and other websites. Google's search results will also be enhanced by real-time tweets, which will boost the relevance of its targeted ads.

Since that deal basically gives Google access to some of Twitter's best features, there's no point in buying the entire site.

Twitter's not worth it, Google

Google's 10 largest acquisitions in history had a combined price tag of $24.5 billion. With an acquisition premium, Twitter could cost $40 billion to $65 billion. That's a whopping price tag for a company with no profits, high valuations, and stagnant user growth. Google certainly needs to push back against Facebook in the social media space, but buying Twitter just isn't the answer. 
2015-12-03
Google Buys 781 Megawatts of Wind, Solar Power in Three Nations Google, the world s biggest corporate buyer of renewable energy, is expanding its clean power portfolio with deals for 781 megawatts of solar and wind power.

The Alphabet Inc. unit completed five deals to buy the output from power plants in the U.S., Chile and Sweden, and now has contracts for 2 gigawatts of renewable energy worldwide, according to a statement Thursday. The power-purchase agreements run from 10 to 20 years.

 It s the largest, most diverse purchase of renewable energy by a non-utility,  Michael Terrell, Google s principal of energy and global infrastructure, said in an interview.

The announcement coincides with the climate talks in Paris, where envoys from almost 200 nations are seeking to complete a global deal to limit greenhouse gas emissions.

 We wanted to send the message that corporate America is really committed to driving the transition to a clean-energy economy,  Terrell said.

Wind and Solar

Google will buy 200 megawatts of power from Renewable Energy Systems Americas Inc. s Bluestem wind project, and 200 megawatts from Electricite de France SA s Great Western wind project, both of which will be built in Oklahoma. The company will also buy 225 megawatts of U.S. wind power from independent power producer Invenergy LLC.

In Chile, Google will use 80 megawatts of solar power from Acciona Energia SA s El Romero farm, which will be built in the Atacama region. And in Sweden, the company agreed to buy 76 megawatts of wind power from Eolus Vind AB s Jenasen wind project, which will be built in Vasternorrland County.

Google signed its first large-scale power purchase agreement in 2010, when it agreed to buy power from a wind farm in Iowa. Last week, Google announced that it would buy 61 megawatts from a solar farm in North Carolina -- the first customer under a new state program that lets companies buy renewable energy directly from local utilities.

In July, Google committed to tripling its purchases of renewable energy by 2025. At the time, it had contracts to buy 1.1 gigawatts of such power. YouTube in talks with studios over streaming rights for shows, movies: WSJ Alphabet Inc's YouTube is aiming to get rights for streaming TV series and movies for its $9.99-a-month subscription service as it tries to step up competition against rivals such as Netflix Inc and Amazon.com Inc, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter.

The Journal reported that executives of the company have met with Hollywood studios and other production companies in recent months to consider pitches and negotiate licenses for new content.

YouTube is eager to secure these rights and is focusing on new material. It is however not clear which TV series or movies the company is pursuing, WSJ reported.

YouTube is still deciding how much content to license, but it wants to have a strong collection of original programing and licensed programing in 2016 and beyond, WSJ reported, citing a person familiar with the matter.

The company is using existing relationships of Google Play with movie studios and other premium video content owners to negotiate streaming deals, WSJ reported.

Former programing chief of MTV Susanne Daniels and Kelly Merryman, a former Netflix content executive, are involved in these talks, the newspaper said.

The service, which is called YouTube Red, could be host to exclusively streaming these contents. The shows or movies could also be also released through traditional channels like movie theaters, cable networks and DVDs alongside YouTube Red, the person added.

YouTube was not available for comment outside regular U.S. business hours.

YouTube Red, which was launched in October, allows viewers to watch videos from across the site without interruption from advertisements.

(Reporting by Shivam Srivastava in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) 
2015-01-13
To Battle Detroit, Japanese Trucks Get a Macho Refresh Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Online retailer ASOS lifted by 2014 sprint finish Employees wait in the lobby at the ASOS headquarters in London April 1, 2014. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett

LONDON British online fashion retailer ASOS (ASOS.L) ended a difficult 2014 on a high, with strong demand at home lifting its retail sales over the Christmas period and boosting its shares.

ASOS, which lost almost two thirds of its market value last year because of a warehouse fire and three profit warnings, said retail sales in the six weeks to Jan. 9 were up 15 percent, ahead of the 8 percent growth in the three months to Nov. 30.

Shares in the group jumped 9 percent in early trade on Tuesday before settling slightly. At 0858 GMT the shares were up 7.1 percent at 26 pounds.

"There is a clear acceleration in momentum, senior management commentary is positive and ASOS continues to develop the model well as it puts 2014 to bed," analysts at Jefferies said, retaining a "buy" rating.

Until last year ASOS had been the great success story of British retailing and a darling of the stock market, helped by its appeal to internet-savvy twentysomethings and high-profile fans including singer Rita Ora and U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama.

Having floated at 20p in 2001, ASOS shares hit a high of 71.95 pounds last February.

The stock then took a hammering from a slowdown in growth, partly down to the strength of sterling, as well as disruption from investments in warehouses, a fire at its Barnsley depot in northern England in June and the launch of its business in China.

ASOS has responded by lowering prices to reverse slowing sales growth in foreign markets. Its brief trading update on Tuesday showed UK sales up 27 percent while international sales gained 5 percent.

Its retail gross margin was down by about 200 basis points on the previous year, but the group said the improved international sales showed that lower prices were starting to have the desired effect.

Chief Executive Nick Robertson said trading had been in line with the company's expectations and that guidance for full-year sales and operating margin remained unchanged.

(Reporting by Kate Holton and Neil Maidment; Editing by David Goodman) Amazon creates 6000 new permanent jobs in Europe A worker puts together orders at the Amazon logistics center in Brieselang, November 11, 2014. REUTERS/Hannibal

BERLIN Amazon.com Inc created 6,000 new full-time positions in Europe in 2014 to respond to booming demand, the U.S. online retailer said on Tuesday.

Amazon said in a statement it now employed 32,000 permanent staff in the European Union, with the new jobs created in logistics centers, customer service, software development, supply chain management and design.

"We are still in a phase of investment and look forward to being able to fill more positions in 2015," said Xavier Garambois, Amazon vice president for EU retail, adding that customer demand in Europe was bigger than ever.

Amazon said around 1,200 of the new jobs were in Germany, its second-biggest market after the United States where it employs 10,000 warehouse staff plus more than 10,000 seasonal workers. Britain had the next most new positions with the rest spread around other countries.

Amazon has been hit in Germany by a series of strikes over pay and working conditions.

Trade union Verdi has organized frequent strikes since May 2013 to try to force the retailer to raise pay for warehouse workers in accordance with collective bargaining agreements across Germany's mail order and retail industry.

Amazon has repeatedly rejected the union's demands, saying it regards warehouse staff as logistics workers and that they receive above-average pay by the standards of that industry.

(Reporting by Emma Thomasson and Matthias Inverardi; Editing by Mark Potter) Why Facebook Inc's Acquisition of QuickFire Should Scare Google Inc Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) recently acquired video processing start-up QuickFire Networks, which uses its transcoding technology to compress video files without degrading their quality. The acquisition is expected to reduce buffering in Facebook videos. Buying QuickFire complements Facebook's acquisition of video-advertising company LiveRail in July, which connects marketers to web and mobile publishers.

Facebook recently revealed that its number of video posts per user rose 75% YOY globally last year, with 94% growth in the U.S. alone. Facebook also averages over 1 billion video views per day. By comparison, Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube videos reported 4 billion views daily back in 2012.

To understand why Facebook's surging video consumption rates and the acquisitions of QuickFire and LiveRail matter, we should take a look at how Facebook monetizes these videos, and how it compares to Google's strategy.

Why Facebook needs videos

Video ads matter to Facebook because they cost more than traditional display ads. According to eMarketer, U.S. spending on digital video ads could soar 115% from $5.96 billion in 2014 to $12.82 billion in 2018. During that period, spending on traditional TV ads is only expected to rise 15%, from $68.54 billion to $78.64 billion.

Facebook started letting musicians, individual accounts, and verified pages embed auto-play videos into News Feed in late 2013. Those muted clips automatically played as users scrolled through the feed, but they could be tapped for sound and switched to a full-screen view. Last March, Facebook expanded that service to advertisers with Premium Video Ads. After that launch, Facebook reported a 10% rise in users watching, liking, sharing, or commenting on auto-play videos.

Last quarter, Facebook's advertising revenue rose 64% YOY to $2.96 billion. Sixty six percent of that total came from mobile users, up from 49% a year earlier. Google generates more than twice as much mobile advertising revenue as Facebook, thanks to its search engine and text-based ads, but Facebook generates three times as much revenue as Google from graphical (static/animated images) and video ads on mobile devices.

Connecting the dots

Facebook is beating Google in mobile video ads because it tracks its users with across multiple devices by linking their accounts to various third-party apps and sites. This allows Facebook to consistently track users for longer periods of time, which generates more complete user profiles to improve targeted ads.

For example, if a user sees an ad for a product on Facebook's mobile app, then buys it later on a laptop on a third-party site linked to his or her Facebook account, it connects those dots into useful data for advertisers. By comparison, Google uses old-fashioned cookies to track users on desktop and mobile browsers, but cookies can't cross between different devices and are frequently incompatible across different ad networks, which hinder its ability to correlate ad views with purchases. However, Google has now followed Facebook's example by letting users sign in to apps and sites with a Google account, so that gap might narrow in the future.

In other words, Facebook keeps a leash on many of its 1.35 billion monthly active users as they wander across the Internet, then mines that data to display the right ads. Google, which lacks that core social muscle (Google+ had fewer than 360 million active users as of last February), should track and combine user data more aggressively across apps and sites to keep up -- but that might cause additional conflicts with privacy advocates.

Cutting YouTube out of the loop

Upgrading Facebook's video capabilities could encourage users to spend more time on Facebook and less time on YouTube.

In the past, Facebook users would uploaded videos on YouTube, then share them on Facebook. This actually generated ad revenue for Google via the pre-roll, post-roll, and static ads on the video. But if more users upload videos directly to Facebook, it cuts Google and YouTube out of the loop.

If Facebook launches a health care network, which has been rumored to be an option, a sturdier video platform could be used for telehealth purposes. If Facebook rolls out a "professional" version to rival LinkedIn, as reports suggested last November, the video network could be used for collaborative purposes between co-workers. These initiatives could help Facebook eventually disrupt major Google services like Hangouts and Drive.

Watch your back, Google

Google remains the undisputed king of Internet advertising. However, Facebook is quickly dominating video ads on mobile devices -- which will become increasingly important as data speeds improve. If Google fails to respond to Facebook's challenge in time, it could fall further behind Facebook in video ads just as it did in social networking. Ryanair to trial wifi, inflight entertainment this year DUBLIN Ryanair plans to trial inflight entertainment and possibly wifi on some of its flights this year in its latest attempt to attract business travelers and families who were turned off in the past by its bare basics offerings.

Since a pledge last year by Chief Executive Michael O'Leary to stop "unnecessarily pissing people off", Ryanair has slashed penalty charges, overhauled its web site, tripled its marketing budget and launched business class fares.

While Ryanair has long been synonymous with levying extra charges for services offered free on more established airlines, it says it may offer both of the new services for free, Chief Technology Officer John Hurley told journalists on Tuesday.

Improvements to its much maligned customer service has helped the airline boost ticket fares and increase passenger numbers by 10 percent this year and sent its share price to an all-time high last week.

Ryanair, which made a failed attempt to rent out inflight entertainment devices a decade ago, will try again with a system that streams films and television shows to customers smartphones and laptops on flights to holiday destinations this summer.

The service, launched by several U.S. airlines recently, may be offered free of charge, subsidized by advertisements for companies operating in the destination city, Hurley said.

Wifi will likely be trialed later this year on routes frequented by business travelers, a key focus for the airline which launched a flexible business ticket last year.

Pricing has not yet been decided, but light use for emails may be free, while heavier usage would be more expensive, he said. The service is unlikely to be offered on all planes.

(Reporting by Conor Humphries; editing by Susan Thomas) 
2015-08-28
What Elon Musk and Other Tech Executives Say About Burning Man Known for dust storms, outrageous costumes, ephemeral art installations, psychedelic drugs, and an economy supposedly based on the goodwill of others, Burning Man has also become the place where Silicon Valley's wealthiest tech entrerpreneurs escape for a week over Labor Day weekend.

The draw to the annual festival held in northwestern Nevada might seem counterintuitive, given the festival's anti-capitalist rhetoric. (Burning Man's values dictate that "gifts are given freely" with no money to be exchanged.) But festival founder Larry Harvey thinks the attraction is to be expected. He told Vox that there s no mystery as to why the tech elite  would be smitten with the idea of an unlimited blank slate to do things that have never been done. 

Here s what three tech titans say about the playa.

Elon Musk

Burning Man and Silicon Valley are virtually one and the same, the Tesla Motors and SpaceX CEO once reportedly said. Musk made the comment in 2014 at an after-party following the premiere of HBO series Silicon Valley.



 I really feel like (the show s co-creator) Mike Judge has never been to Burning Man, which is Silicon Valley,  Re/code reported Musk as saying.  If you haven t been, you just don t get it. You could take the craziest L.A. party and multiply it by a thousand, and it doesn t even get fucking close to what s in Silicon Valley. The show didn t have any of that. 

Larry Page

The Google co-founder and soon-to-be CEO of new conglomerate Alphabet Inc. views Burning Man as a model for the type of unregulated space where entrepreneurs could experiment without undue restrictions and thrive.

"There are many exciting things you could do that are illegal or not allowed by regulation," The Verge reported Page as saying at the Google I/O conference in 2013. "And that's good, we don't want to change the world. But maybe we can set aside a part of the world."

"You know, I like going to Burning Man, for example. Which I'm sure many of you have been to. That's an environment where people can try out different things and not everybody has to go, and I think that's a great thing too," Page reportedly was quoted as saying by Business Insider.

Tony Hsieh

For the Zappos CEO, Burning Man is the type of experience that flips what he calls  the hive switch. 

 Basically, if you look at nature, you discover that certain animals, like chimpanzees and wolves, compete for food and mates, while others--bees are the best example--organize themselves for the greater good. They live together as a unified force because the DNA is the same. Bees are always working together for the benefit of the hive,  Hsieh told Playboy.

The feeling of unity Hsieh associates with this hive mentality is what draws him to Burning man.

 The art, especially at night, just puts you in a state of awe,  he said of the festival.  These things are hard to describe until you ve experienced them, I guess.  Investors still in the dark as cyber threat grows An illustration picture shows a projection of binary code on a man holding a laptop computer, in an office in Warsaw June 24, 2013. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel

LONDON/BOSTON Investors are being poorly served by a haphazard approach from fund managers to the growing threat of cyber crime damaging the companies in which they invest, with a lack of clarity from the businesses themselves compounding the problem.

Banks have led the way in developing cyber defenses and some top fund managers have ramped up pressure on companies to do more, but the broader picture is less encouraging.

"I don't see any visible stand asset managers are taking, like they do on other social responsibility items," said Malcolm Harkins, information security chief at U.S. cyber security start-up Cylance Inc.

The soft underbelly of companies outside the banking sector was exposed again this month when hackers leaked details of nearly 37 million clients of Ashley Madison. The infidelity website had to postpone its stock market listing and now faces a $750 million lawsuit.

More than half the value of companies worldwide is in intangible assets, such as intellectual property, much of which is stored on computers and could therefore be vulnerable to hackers.

That figure could be as high as $37.5 trillion of the $71 trillion in enterprise value of 58,000 companies, according to Brand Finance, a consultancy specializing in valuation of intangible assets. The World Economic Forum said that robust protection against cyber risk could add as much as $22 trillion to the global economy by 2020.

The global financial cost of attacks is rising fast -- up more than 10 percent last year, a report by specialist researcher Ponemon Institute said.

Though some might argue that investors can sell out of businesses they consider to be performing badly on cyber safety, the reality is less straightforward. Passive funds that track a specific index or sector have no leeway, while pension funds tend to demand a longer-term view from asset managers.

But even those keen to evaluate cyber risk face an uphill struggle, hampered by a lack of resources, poor data and weak disclosure from companies.

Sacha Sadan, corporate governance head at the fund arm of insurer Legal & General (LGEN.L), told Reuters that cyber risk is one of his team's top priorities for corporate engagement but described the approach of some rivals as "hit and miss".

"We would rather a company, when they come to talk to us, had a slide that said 'this is what we're doing'. At the moment, it's us asking them and they say, 'well, most other shareholders don't ask'."

MIXED PRIORITIES

A Reuters survey of fund firms with a combined $16 trillion in assets showed pressure on company boards is far from uniform.

Only four of 12 governance chiefs at British, French, German and U.S. fund houses interviewed by telephone and email said they considered cyber risk a "top priority" across all of their investments. The remainder said they either discussed the issue case by case or that there was too little information for proper risk-assessment.

BlackRock (BLK.N), the world's biggest asset manager, is among those that have engaged with companies, though it declined to provide further detail on examples in its quarterly governance report.

In its latest report BlackRock said it had spoken to a large insurer and "shared perspectives" gained from speaking to cyber experts and other companies.

As for the types of business meriting closer examination, Jessica Ground, global head of stewardship at Schroders (SDR.L), said that less-obvious targets such as travel agents need to do more. Another chief named online gaming as a sector laggard.

Most fund managers do have dedicated teams supervising governance. But these often number fewer than 10 people to analyze and speak to thousands of companies on a broad range of topics, with matters such as executive pay regularly given higher priority than cyber security.

On the other side of the fence, the companies themselves are far from united in their approach.

"There is significant divergence across companies as to how prepared they are," said Antony Marsden at Henderson Global Investors (HGGH.L).

Though attitude to cyber risk is inherently difficult to quantify, analysis of the most recent annual reports of the 10 biggest companies in Europe and the United States showed variable communication on the issue.

Only three of the Europeans -- Novo Nordisk (NOVOb.CO), HSBC (HSBA.L) and Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L) -- had a separate section on cyber risk or information security. Across all 10 reports there were a mere 14 mentions of keywords "cyber", "information security", "hack" or "hacking".

That compares with five of the U.S. companies -- Apple (AAPL.O), Wells Fargo (WFC.N), Facebook (FB.O), General Electric (GE.N) and JPMorgan (JPM.N) -- and 63 keyword references, partly influenced by more banks featuring in the list.

WHEN, NOT IF

"You can look at an annual report and see some companies talk a lot about what would happen if the euro were to fail ... But just as important is what happens if you get hacked," L&G's Sadan said. "You will get hacked. So what's your contingency planning?"

Several smaller U.S. investment firms with a mandate for socially responsible investment are already pressing companies publicly over data security matters, including the filing of proxy resolutions at shareholder meetings.

Arjuna Capital, for example, had American Express (AXP.N) shareholders vote on whether it should report annually on how its board oversees privacy and data security. Amex opposed the idea, saying its board receives regular updates, and the proposal won only 22 percent of the vote at the annual meeting.

Highlighting the lack of a consistent approach from asset managers, a number of large fund firms opposed the resolution.

It is little wonder, then, that some have yet to address a skills gap that leaves them ill-equipped for proper risk-assessment.

"The frameworks for dealing with cyber risk, about what it means for our business and what can we do about it, are only now being put in place," said Sandra Carlisle at Newton Asset Management.

Rules in the United States requiring companies to report data privacy breaches are likely to be replicated in Europe in the near future, which will aid funds' understanding of the risks.

In the meantime, investors are very much in the dark.

"What you get is assurance that people are looking at these things," said Iain Richards at Anglo-U.S. fund firm Columbia Threadneedle. "There's a scarcity of meaningful disclosure."

(Additional reporting by Carolyn Cohn; Editing by David Goodman) 
2015-12-24
Google Exec Projects AI Revolution, Issues Three 'Basic Principles'   AP Photo/ Keystone, Walter Bier, file Google Exec Proposes Algorithms to Weed Out Online Terrorism, Hate Speech

Eric Schmidt, the chairman of Alphabet Inc., the parent company that owns Google, the company that is bringing Internet users the self-driving car and predictive search, claims that the cultural impact of the AI revolution will be comparable to the invention of the Internet and mobile phones.

He said the next phase of technological development would be so-called Inventive AI, allowing machines to manage a wider range of challenges amid increasing amounts of data.

 Eventually it will be possible to give a computer unstructured data say, spreadsheets used to manage business records and receive quality advice on improving operations,  he wrote.

  AP Photo/ Marcio Jose Sanchez Best Buddies? Google Executives at White House Meetings Once a Week

Schmidt pointed out that creators and adopters must adhere to three basic principles to provide the appropriate course of AI development and implementation.

First, he stressed, AI must be aimed at the  common good," serving the interests of all people, not only of those who control resources. Schmidt also asserted that AI development and use must be transparent and "socially engaged." As the third principle, he said that "undesirable outcomes," including those involving job loss to machines, must be avoided.

In his wide-ranging opinion piece, Schmidt called for a system of verification for future AI networks, to ensure that they perform only those functions that they are designed for.

 Ultimately, our dream for AI is to give people more choices about how they live their lives. Under our control, it can take the drudgery out of work and free up many more hours for creative pursuits. And applied collaboratively, AI could help bring about solutions to the world's most complex problems." Will Google pass Apple as most valuable company? Will Alphabet pass Apple in the race to become a trillion dollar company next year?

It wasn't that long ago that many investors assumed Apple (AAPL, Tech30) would get there first.

At its peak price earlier this year, Apple had a market value of nearly $775 billion. Alphabet, which I'm now going to refer to as Google (GOOGL, Tech30) for the rest of this story, was worth $366 billion at the time.

But Apple's stock has plunged from its highs in recent months due to fears that iPhone sales are slowing -- in part due to the popularity of smartphones that run on Google's Android operating system.

Apple is still the world's most valuable company. But Google is nipping at its heels.

Apple's market value is currently $605 billion while Google is worth $527 billion.

Related: The best in tech for 2015

Sure, a nearly $80 billion gap may still sound like a lot. But it's not really. Google only needs to go up 15% to beat Apple's current valuation -- provided that Apple stands still, of course.

Google has more momentum right now. The stock is up 43% this year while Apple's shares are down 2%.

Google's search business is thriving, particularly on mobile devices. And Google is getting more and more revenue from YouTube.

Analysts think Google's profits will grow at a much faster rate than Apple's as well.

Wall Street is forecasting that earnings per share for Google will be up 17% a year, on average, over the next few years compared to a projected annual growth rate of 12%. All estimates cited in this story are from FactSet Research.

So let's say, for the sake of argument, that Google continues to outperform Apple next year.

Related: The coolest gadgets of the year

If Google's stock rises 25% and Apple's bounces back by about 5%, then Google's market value would top Apple's.

Google would be worth almost $660 billion compared to $635 billion for Apple. (This assumes no change in the current share count for either company.)

And if the companies put up similar performances as this year, Google would be worth more than $750 billion and Apple would have a market value of about $590 billion.

Does this mean Google will beat Apple to the 12-zero mark? It will if its stock keeps climbing at this pace next year and 2017.

Of course, that's not likely. It may be tough for Google to match this year's run since it is now a bit expensive, trading at 22 times earnings estimates for 2016.

Apple, on the other hand, is trading for only 11 times profit projections for fiscal 2016.

With that in mind, it shouldn't be a huge surprise that analysts are predicting a comeback year for Apple in 2016.

The consensus price target for Google is $849.70 -- 11% higher than now. At that price, Google's market value would be about $585 billion.

Related: Why Apple's stock is down in 2015

Wall Street's average price target for Apple is $146.05. That's a 35% increase -- and it would give Apple a market value of more than $815 billion.

So the market cap race between Apple and Google will be fun to watch in 2016. And beyond.

Then again, maybe neither of these companies will hit $1 trillion first. Amazon (AMZN, Tech30) and Facebook (FB, Tech30) have quickly amassed $300 billion market valuations after all.

And you can't forget that grizzled tech veteran Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30) either. Its market value is now about $450 billion.

But what do you think? Will Google pass Apple next year? Vote in my Twitter poll. Bebop Was More Than an Acqui-Hire for Google Bebop Technologies Inc., the secretive corporate-software startup being acquired by Google, will become an important part of the Internet giant s effort to lure larger customers to its cloud-computing business.

When Google, owned by Alphabet Inc., announced the deal in November, attention focused on Bebop founder and corporate-computing veteran Diane Greene, who will run Google s cloud business. But the purchase is more than an  acqui-hire    Silicon Valley slang for an acquisition that targets talent rather than technology. 
2015-03-06
Getting Past Google's High P/E Ratio In 2014, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) made $20.82 per share in profits. It currently trades at $575 per share for a valuation of 27.6x profits. By Google's post-financial crisis standards, that's a pretty lofty valuation. The tech giant traded below 20x profits from 2010 through 2012, before inching into the 23-28x earnings valuation from 2013 through the present day. Google's valuation of 40x earnings or higher that preceded the financial crisis is not particularly useful as a reference point, because it represented a time in the company's history when the profits were nearly doubling every two years, like from $4.75 in 2006 to $8.35 in 2008.

The question worthy of investigation is this: What will happen to a Google investor who chooses to buy at 27x profits today? Before exploring its future growth, we should stop to reflect upon the state of Google's balance sheet. I'll cut to the chase: Google has one of the best balance sheets I have ever studied. It is sitting on $64.3 billion in net cash. It has a $391 billion market cap. Over 16% of the price you pay to acquire ownership in the company is currently accessible in cold, hard cash.

Additionally, although I suspect everyone reading this is aware that Google has a somewhat asset-light business model, it may be surprising to see just how efficient the company's business model currently is. It used to carry inventories in the realm of a few hundred million dollars but as of last quarter, inventories are at $0. There are no idle goods waiting to be productive. Meanwhile, the company is sitting on $9.3 billion in receivables that are due by its customers within the next six months. It only has $5 billion in debt, or 5% of its capital, and over $3.2 billion of it is long-term debt locked away at a rate of less than 3%. It has no pensions or preferred stock. All told, this is an extraordinarily strong balance sheet.

What's welcome news about the company is that it continues to report strong revenue gains, even as costs per click have declined by 6%. That has always been one of the major risk factors with Google - if costs per click decline substantially, then growth in advertising would not move the top-line much because margins would decline by a greater rate. In this scenario, top-line revenue growth would stall and this would have two bad side effects for Google. Not only would growth slow down, but the P/E ratio would likely come down as well, a double whammy of sorts for Google's investors.

However, Google seems to have managed this risk well. Costs per click have been declining for over 12 quarters now, so investors have gotten an extended chance to see how the company can handle these declines in the value of each click. The answer is this: Google has been able to increase the net amount of advertisers using its networks by 15%-25% (depending on which of the past three years you want to examine), and this has acted as a stronger countervailing force than the declines in costs per click. Specifically, revenues have been able to rise 7% annually in spite of cost per click declines. It is something to monitor, but Google has handled this risk well so far.

Furthermore, Google is expected to grow earnings per share by 15% in the next year, because costs per click are only expected to decline by a tiny amount in the next 12 months and advertising dollars have a good chance of increasing by 16-18% in the next twelve months. This high earnings per share growth rate is a strong countervailing force against a slightly lofty P/E ratio.

For instance, Google is expected to earn $28 per share in 2017. Even if the P/E ratio were to suddenly revert to 20x earnings, you would still have a $560 stock price. Right now, the price is at $575. Even if you run your own stress test on the stock, we are only talking about treading water (technically, a $15 per share paper loss) for two years before the future returns match the growth rate. When earnings per share growth is high, the consequences of buying at a higher than usual P/E ratio are mitigated.

If someone wanted to be truly disciplined and apply a margin of safety approach to buying Google stock, they would insist upon paying 20x earnings or $400 per share. But it would likely take a deep recession for that price to show up. Instead, it seems that investors today can still do well even if they accept total returns that lag the growth of the company itself, because the earnings per share growth rate is around 15%. Even if eventual P/E compression takes the valuation of this company down toward 20x earnings, the practical effect is that 15% growth manifests itself in 11-12% annual total returns for the investor. Even if something is sacrificed, it is still a good deal that should work out over the next 10 years.

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. US charges three in ring that stole one billion email addresses A lock icon, signifying an encrypted Internet connection, is seen on an Internet Explorer browser in a photo illustration in Paris April 15, 2014. REUTERS/Mal Langsdon

WASHINGTON/BOSTON Two Vietnamese citizens and a Canadian have been charged with running a massive cyberfraud ring that stole 1 billion email addresses, then sent spam offering knockoff software products, the U.S. Department of Justice said on Friday.

The Justice Department described the hacking spree as "one of the largest" data breaches uncovered in U.S. history. It declined to name the email companies that were victimized, though it appeared that the breaches included a massive 2011 attack on email marketing firm Epsilon.

Security blogger Brian Krebs reported that Epsilon, a unit of Alliance Data Systems Corp, was among the victims. That high-profile 2011 attack was followed by a wave of customer notifications from Epsilon clients, including Citigroup Inc and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (reut.rs/1En1udF)

Krebs noted that the government's press release said the data breach "was the subject of a congressional inquiry and testimony before a U.S House of Representatives subcommittee on June 2, 2011.  The House Energy and Commerce Committee held a hearing on that data about breaches at Sony Corp <6758.T) and Epsilon, according to Krebs.

Epsilon representatives could not be reached.

Viet Quoc Nguyen, 28, is charged with hacking at least eight email service providers between February 2009 and June 2012.

The government alleges that Nguyen and Giang Hoang Vu, 25, both Vietnamese citizens, used the stolen email addresses to identify tens of millions of people who they targeted in a spam campaign. The spam emails directed recipients to websites selling software that was falsely branded as Adobe Systems Inc's.

Both men resided in the Netherlands. Vu, who was extradited to the United States in March of last year, pleaded guilty on Thursday to conspiracy to commit computer fraud.

Nguyen remains at large.

The other defendant, Canadian David-Manuel Santos Da Silva, 33, was charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering. He is the co-owner of a company called 21 Celsius Inc, which struck up a marketing arrangement with Nguyen and Vu to generate revenue and launder the proceeds, according to the indictment.

Court documents allege that Da Silva and Nguyen received about $2 million in commissions from the sale of the software, which they marketed as Adobe Reader 10 for $65 a copy.

Da Silva was arrested at a Florida airport last month and was set to be arraigned on Friday in Atlanta federal court, according to the Justice Department.

(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir in Washington and Jim Finkle in Boston; editing by Bill Trott, Bernadette Baum, Matthew Lewis and Richard Chang) 
2015-07-06
Mood-changing wearable tech sets pulses racing (This July 6 story is refiled to fix typo in last paragraph and to change "he" to "she" in para 12)

By Matthew Stock

Doppel is a new breed of wearable device, one that its developers say can actually change the wearer's mood by delivering a tactile beat to their wrist.

The makers of 'doppel' call it the next generation of wearable technology - one that can actually change the mood of the user. They say the device taps in to the body's natural rhythm and gives the wearer control over how alert or relaxed they are.

Similar to the way that upbeat music can motivate the body, while downbeat music relaxes; doppel provides a tactile beat to the wearer's wrist that they can adjust to make themselves feel more alert or relaxed.

"Doppel, as it stands, delivers two separate rhythms -- one high and one low. The high rhythm essentially delivers a rhythm which is higher than your resting heartbeat, and the lower one which is lower. And it works in a very similar way as to when you listen to upbeat or downbeat music. So, in the same way that upbeat music can excite you or bring you up, make you more alert; doppel does this. And it does the same thing with the downbeat tempo which you feel calming you down and even helping you into sleep," said Andreas Bilicki, co-creator of doppel.

Bilicki is part of a team of scientists, engineers and designers who met on a joint course run by Imperial College London and the Royal College of Art. Their research into psycho-physiology - the way a person's mind and body affect one-another - inspired them to design a new technology that could harness the body's innate response to rhythm. Together they formed Team Turquoise to make their hypothesis a reality.

Co-creator Nell Bennett explained how doppel represents truly empathic wearable technology, instead of the current crop that often just monitor the body's activity.

"Wearables currently are mostly centered around monitoring and providing stats and statistics on how you perform in your everyday life. And we feel that technology, and certainly wearables, need to a step beyond that to become something that becomes truly integrated seamlessly into people's lives. So we wanted to make a wearable that was about changing how you feel; not just giving you nagging stats and statistics on how many steps you may or may not have walked that day," Bennett told Reuters.

Doppel is synchronized to each individual via a smartphone app that measures their resting heart rate. This is all the information needed for the device to tap into the body's natural response to external rhythms.

"You take your resting heart rate through your phone, and then that's the bio-data we need to set the levels that you need to either (get) calm or to get going. It's not a lot of data, but we're using it very smartly, and that's the approach we take," said co-developer Jack Hooper.

To control the level of doppel's pulse, the wearer simply presses the face to make the beat faster or strokes the bezel (grooved ring holding a watch face cover) to slow the pace.

It's similar in size and shape to a wristwatch, but with the active mechanics positioned on the sensitive inside part of the wrist. This was crucial for the device to work effectively, said Hooper. "We wear it on the inside of the wrist rather than the outside of the wrist. Because this is a psychological mechanism, having doppel's pulse wear you expect feel your own pulse amplifies the effect," he said.

Bennett conceded that convincing people to wear doppel on one of their wrists -- instead of, say, a watch or a fitness tracker -- was something they had to consider. "Although 'wrist real-estate' is very expensive these days, it is actually the most suitable place to have it because if you think 'I need to tune down a little bit and relax', you're not going to start stroking your ankle or pressing buttons behind your head. So, it also needed to be somewhere that was very easily assessable," she said.

Team Turquoise says prototype models have been successfully tested on hundreds of people. They say doppel was also independently tested by psychologists at Royal Holloway University of London; with their controlled tests showing the device can improve alertness when correctly set to the user's preference. The team is planning further independent tests aimed at validating doppel's ability to calm people down and reduce anxiety.

They recently launched a Kickstarter campaign to turn their prototypes in to consumer-ready models, with backers to be the first to get their hands on their own doppel.

Bilicki, along with the rest of Team Turquoise, believe doppel is a unique and game-changing addition to the burgeoning wearable technology market.

"As far as we are aware, no one else has developed this type of technology -- it's a new breed of wearable that actually allows you to change the way you feel in a natural and simple way. And to that end, we've geared all our technology to deliver the best experience possible." Eric Holder, former US attorney general, to return to law firm U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder talks to the media about the shooting of two police officers in Ferguson, at the Justice Department in Washington March 12, 2015. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas

WASHINGTON Former U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder will return as a partner at the law firm he had left to become the nation's top law enforcement official, his new employer said in a statement.

Holder, who led the Justice Department from 2009 to 2015 and was one of President Barack Obama's longest-serving cabinet members, will return to Covington & Burling, where he was previously a partner from 2001 to 2009, the law firm said.

At Covington & Burling's Washington DC office, Holder will focus on complex cases "including matters that are international in scope and raise significant regulatory enforcement issues," the law firm said.

(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Bernadette Baum) 3 Reasons to Buy Baidu (BIDU) Stock Now Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. 
2015-03-20
The Alphabet of Satire ARTWORK COPYRIGHT   AND TM RUBE GOLDBERG INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. RUBE GOLDBERG   IS A REGISTERED TRADEMARK OF RUBE GOLDBERG INC. ALL MATERIALS USED WITH PERMISSION. RUBEGOLDBERG.COM.

The name suggests a ghetto urchin along the lines of Irving Berlin, Al Jolson, and the Marx Brothers. And, indeed, like them, Rube Goldberg was born in the sunset of the nineteenth century; like them, he was Jewish, bright, creative, and wildly ambitious. But there, the resemblance ends. Reuben Garrett Lucius Goldberg was a native-born San Franciscan, the son of a prosperous businessman with serious money and powerful political connections.

Max Goldberg had come from Prussia at precisely the right moment. In the aftermath of the Civil War, he elbowed his way into the booming real-estate market, acquiring and selling oil-rich acreage and cattle ranches. Armed with profits, he backed local politicians. When they won, Max followed in their slipstream, working to shed his German accent, reading books by English and American writers, and serving, at various times, as the city s police commissioner and fire chief.

In the 1870s, he married a fellow immigrant, Hannah Cohen, a delicate young woman who gave birth to seven children. Four survived. Hannah passed away, worn and prematurely aged, at 45. Bewildered and angry at his loss, Max became a rigid disciplinarian, thundering at his children in the tones of an Old Testament prophet. Despite his posturing, though, he was more dutiful than devout. Max attended synagogue only on the High Holy Days; Friday nights were reserved for poker.  The absence of any traditional religious baggage made Rube a free spirit,  observes biographer Peter Marzio,  an objective observer, willing to analyze facts as he found them, creating his own intellectual scheme complete with intricate iconography and wise sayings. 

The problem was that Max had his own intellectual scheme and wise sayings, and they didn t coincide with his son s. Early on, when the boy showed a talent for realistic portraiture and humorous sketches, his distressed father consulted Col. Daniel M. Burns, the Republican boss of California. In a memoir, Rube recalled the exchange:    Dan,  muttered Pa,  my boy says he s going to be an artist, and I just can t get him away from the idea. 

 Hum, that is serious,  consoled Col. Burns.  There s nothing hereditary about it, is there? 

 That s the remarkable part of it,  answered Max Goldberg proudly.  Our family record is as clean as a whistle. We ve never had a single solitary artist in it not one.   

Accordingly, Max directed Rube away from art school and toward a degree in engineering from Berkeley. The youth s objections were countered with citations from history and economics. Rube was a southpaw; who ever heard of a left-handed painter? Okay, there was Leonardo da Vinci, but he knew more about designing catapults and bridges than he did about making pictures. And what about a paycheck? Who was going to pay for the lessons, the canvases, the tubes of oil paint, the easel, the studio? Not Max.

Rube sighed as an artist; he obeyed as a son. For the next several years, he commuted to Berkeley, studying for a degree in mining engineering. En route to the sheepskin, however, he signed up for a course in drawing. The textbook was Talks on Art, by William Morris Hunt, then a prominent teacher and theoretician. One sentence caught the student s attention and stayed with him for the next 70 years:  No exaggeration can be stronger than Nature, for nothing is so strange as the truth. 

The more he sketched, the more Rube came to believe that all humans, and all human endeavors, could be rendered in cartoon form. He could hardly wait to show the world his ideas. But when he graduated in 1904, a large obstacle stood in the way of progress: the Old Man. Flexing some political muscles, Max had arranged a civil-service job for his son, mapping sewer pipes for the city. Rube would earn an entry-level salary of $25 a week, but he would have a future, moving on to map water mains, and who could tell? Perhaps reservoirs one day. The novice stayed on for six months, and then exploded.  I can t stand it any longer, Pa,  he announced. Paternal threats and imprecations followed. The next day, Rube walked off the job and went crosstown to the San Francisco Chronicle, portfolio in hand. Something in the sketches he had made for the college newspaper and the art class appealed to the city editor. He hired young Goldberg for a munificent $8 a week.

Goldberg learned his trade the hard way, grinding out cartoons of prizefighters and ballplayers and attempting a few strips that never caught on. Then, in 1905, he learned of an opening on a rival paper, the San Francisco Bulletin. He tried out for sports cartoonist and won the position. Before long, though, he realized that he was running in place. Illustrators like Charles Dana Gibson had become famous, commanding large salaries and holding high social positions. Cartoonists, on the other hand, were still considered quick-sketch ruffians the low men of the newspaper staff. Goldberg described the situation in an autobiographical short story. The hero drily remarks,  He s an illustrator. I m just a genius. 

Even so, the cartoonist knew that his talents lay in comedy, not in realistic images. The caricaturist continued; the genius remained unseen. By 1906, the year of the San Francisco earthquake, Goldberg was earning $50 a week and had become one of the city s notables, recognized in every sports arena. But he wanted more, and for that, the young man knew that he would have to go to the place he called  ringside : Manhattan, home of a dozen newspapers and font of American journalism. He stayed through the devastation and the rebuilding of Frisco, and then bought a one-way ticket to Grand Central.

Rube arrived in October 1907, ready to conquer the city. He was promptly turned down by the Morning Telegraph, the Sun, the Globe, the Evening Telegram, and the Evening World. Eventually, he caught on at the Evening Mail but only as a sports cartoonist. Goldberg didn t come to New York to run in place. He tried strips, fillers titled  Life s Little Jokes,  and vaudeville gags like the panel showing an immigrant grousing as he laces up his wife s enormous corset:  She vas built ven meat vas cheap. 

Nothing quite caught the public fancy, and Goldberg remained just another pen-and-ink comedian until autumn of the following year. In the lavishly illustrated Art of Rube Goldberg, the cartoonist s granddaughter, Jennifer George, cites October 1, 1908, as the epochal day when fame came to call. As Rube remembered it,  I was drawing a picture to fill in the daily cartoon a man who had fallen out of the window of a fifty story building and a woman, who was inquiring sympathetically,  Are you hurt?  He replied,  No, I am taking my beauty sleep.   

He titled the drawing  Foolish Question Number 1.  The next week, letters poured in from readers with their own suggestions. Goldberg grabbed the best ones and inked them in. Between November 1908 and February 1910, he drew 450 Foolish Questions and punch lines, ranging from  Oh, look, is that a snake?   No, it s a lost shoelace looking for a home,  to  Is that a folding bed?   No, it s a box for my new harmonica.  Following these was another series, called I m the Guy, as in,  I m the guy who put the hobo in Hoboken,  or  I m the guy who put the sand in sandwich.  The phrase went as viral as possible in those pre-radio days; it appeared on pins and cigarette premiums, popped up in ads, and even inspired a hit song,  I m the Guy,  with lyrics by Goldberg and music by Bert Grant, a charter member of ASCAP.

Syndication followed, and soon William Randolph Hearst, ever ready to outbid any and all newspaper rivals, offered this Goldberg phenomenon $50,000 per annum this when the average yearly salary was less than $1,000. For once, Citizen Hearst was thwarted. The Mail matched his offer, and Rube stayed on. Commented the New York Times,  Goldberg has a following of 300,000 readers split up among forty-two different newspapers in all parts of the country. . . . [T]he aggregate of their payments to the Daily Mail, which was fortunate to get hold of Goldberg first, enables the paper to pay the artist what seems to be offhand a fabulous figure. 

The fabulous figure grew exponentially when Reuben Goldberg married Irma Seeman in 1916. Irma was the daughter (and, eventually, the heiress) of S. W. Seeman, owner of the burgeoning White Rose Tea and Grocery Company. The gilt-edged couple became the parents of two boys, Thomas and George, and bought a dwelling at the corner of 75th Street and Riverside Drive. Themes of domestic life began to appear in Rube s drawings, but they rarely suggested the high lifestyle of the Goldberg family.

Not only did they own a chauffeur-driven car and a luxuriously renovated town house; their New Year s Eve parties also became the stuff of legend. Each year, hundreds of guests packed the house. The A-list included sports figures, artists, and Broadway headliners. Under the Goldberg roof, George Gershwin and Groucho Marx traded lines; Houdini performed magic tricks; and Mayor Jimmy Walker performed his original song  Will You Love Me in December as You Do in May? 

Yet today, Goldberg would be a forgotten celebrity like hizzoner himself had he confined himself to comic strips. Though his gags rapidly found their way into public conversation, they dated just as quickly. The pictures were amusing enough, but character was never his strength.  Mike & Ike They Look Alike,  for example, concerned two morons who punned on standard phrases:  Ike, use the word  icing  in a sentence.   Sure, Mike the patriotic gentleman rose and sang,  Sweet land of liberty, of thee  I sing.     

But all along, the graduate engineer had been waiting for an opportunity to express himself. From college onward, Goldberg had been fascinated with the devices that were changing America vacuum cleaners, refrigerators, the telephone, the telegraph, the automobile, the airplane. Finally, as the Roaring Twenties ended, a national magazine gave him the space for comic commentaries.  The Inventions of Lucifer Gorgonzola Butts  first appeared in the January 26, 1929, issue of Collier s.  In my cartoons,  Rube noted,  Professor Butts invented elaborate machines to accomplish such Herculean tasks as shining shoes, opening screen doors, keeping moths out of clothes closets, retrieving soap in the bathtub and other innocuous problems. Only, instead of using the scientific elements of the laboratory, I added acrobatic monkeys, dancing mice, chattering false teeth, electric eels, whirling dervishes and other incongruous elements. 

 No More Gas Problems,  written and drawn long before the establishment of OPEC, was typical: Driver opens trapdoor (A). Monkey (B) reaches for banana (C), upsetting basket of cotton (D). A large flock of ducks (E) on leashes tied to automobile, mistaking cotton for snow, think winter has arrived and fly south, pulling car forward.  Simple Idea to Keep You from Forgetting to Mail Your Wife s Letter  was more elaborate but just as fanciful: As you walk past cobbler shop, hook (A) strikes suspended boot (B), causing it to kick football (C) through goalposts (D). Football drops into basket (E), and string (F) tilts sprinkling can (G), causing water to soak coattails (H). As coat shrinks, cord (I) opens door (J) of cage, allowing bird (K) to walk out on perch ((L) and grab worm (M), attached to string (N). This pulls down window (O), on which is written  You sap, mail that letter. 

Likewise, Professor Butts s method of eliminating a noisome insect: Carbolic acid (A) drips on string (B), causing it to break and release elastic of bean shooter (C), which projects ball (D) into bunch of garlic (E), causing it to fall into syrup can (F) and splash syrup violently against side wall. Fly (G) buzzes with glee and goes for syrup, his favorite dish. Dog (H) mistakes hum of fly s wings for door buzzer and runs to meet visitor, pulling rope (I), which turns stop-go signal (J) and causes baseball bat (K) to sock fly, which falls to floor unconscious. As fly drops to floor, pet trout (L) jumps for it, misses, and lands in net (M). Weight of fish forces shoe (N) down on fallen fly and puts it out of the running for all time.

These oblong-shaped satires took on a life of their own. Dr. Seuss acknowledged his colleague s influence in a cartoon signed  Rube Goldbrick.  In the early 1930s,  Rube Goldberg  entered the Merriam-Webster dictionary as an adjective defined as  accomplishing something simple through complicated means.  Engineering majors in colleges across the country began to sketch their own  Rube Goldberg  inventions. And in 1936, Goldberg fan Charlie Chaplin offered the ultimate compliment: the assembly-line lunacies of Modern Times could have sprung full-blown from the head of Professor Butts.

But Goldberg was too restless to stay with any project for long even this one. In the late 1930s, he abandoned the inventions and returned to strips. They met with indifference. A new kind of comic spirit had entered the arena. Magazines like The New Yorker featured artists with lighter ink lines and sharper punch lines. Goldberg began to tell friends that he felt like a back number. Rumors circulated: the old pro was hanging up his pen, leaving the arena to younger men and women. Thus, colleagues were astonished to read an item in the December 5, 1938, Newsweek: the New York Sun had signed Rube Goldberg to be the paper s editorial cartoonist. This was not as much of a breakthrough as it appeared. As Marzio notes,  While Rube did not take part in morning editorial conferences, his Republican sympathies kept him in tune with the Sun s views. The paper s mediocrity, however, seeped into his work, and there seemed to be no one prodding him to perfection. 

The cartoons were drawn with his customary vigor, and he remained adept at caricature. But Goldberg s ideas tended to be rudimentary one showed the Nazi leader in an empty room. The caption read:  This is a picture of Adolf Hitler celebrating his 54th birthday with all his friends.  Labels took the place of ideas: Tax Payer, GOP, Dems, Common Man, Prices, Taxes, and so on. He persisted, nonetheless, through World War II, through V-E and V-J Days, through the early years of the Cold War. Here, he hit a nerve: a 1947 cartoon showed a couple precariously perched on an atomic bomb as it teeters between World Control and World Destruction. It won the Pulitzer Prize. Ever the dutiful son, Rube said,  I had hoped to win a Pulitzer ever since I joined the Sun. I only wish my father could have been alive to see it.  (Max had died five years earlier, after suffering a heart attack as he ran after a cable car. He was 93.)

Early in 1950, Goldberg switched to the New York Journal-American Hearst had him at last. Thirteen years later, Goldberg felt burned out. In June 1963, more than 100 like-minded celebrities gathered at the Waldorf-Astoria hotel to throw him a surprise party. Invited guests included Walt Disney, Barry Goldwater, J. Edgar Hoover, Stan Musial, Joan Crawford, Richard Nixon, and Helen Hayes. It was at once a gratifying and unnerving occasion. Retirement was mentioned. The guest of honor bristled at the word. In an unpublished memoir, he wrote belligerently,  I would never let the muddy waters of retirement swallow up my old carcass while my mind was still functioning and my hands were free of the stiffness of arthritis and inertia. I was only eighty years old. I had to keep busy. 

He found a new avenue for his talents a week after the birthday party. In addition to length and width, he experimented with depth in an unaccustomed art form. Originally, he agreed with artist Ad Reinhardt, who defined sculpture as  something you bump into when you back up to look at a painting.  But in his golden years, Rube came to a different point of view. Though he took a few lessons to learn about molding and armature, he was essentially self-taught, experimenting as he went along, working with clay and taking the object to a studio, where the figure was copied in wax and then cast in bronze. Predictably, he began by making sculptural cartoons but soon became a serious artist, rendering people and animals with surprising felicity and grace.

Between 1963 and 1970, Goldberg made some 300 bronze objects. He was less impressed with critics  praise than with the price tags: most of the sculptures were quickly snapped up at prices ranging from $700 to $3,000 (today, they go for ten times as much). All this paled before the ultimate tribute: a 1970 retrospective of Goldbergiana at the Smithsonian Institution. The exhibit, titled Do It the Hard Way, featured drawings, sculpture, writings, and memorabilia, as well as a documentary film about a career that spanned the century. By then, alas, Goldberg s omnipresent cigars had caught up with him, and he was suffering from throat cancer. Nonetheless, he walked cheerfully through the exhibit, marveling at the opening-day crowd of 2,000, and remarking,  It s like seeing my own obituary written large and bright. 

That s exactly what it was. Two weeks later, Rube was dead. Every major newspaper ran a large appraisal, all concentrating on the devices that would outlast everything else he had done. The New York Times editorialized that Goldberg s  message is a lasting one: Beware of the all-knowing computers, supersonic gadgets and the rest of the hardware. Beware, too, of the proponents who aim to dominate the human element in life.  The Chicago Sun-Times stated that Goldberg s  fantastically complicated devices to achieve ludicrously simple ends are today more profound commentaries on our times than they were when his mischievous mind first conceived them several generations ago.  Other papers joined the chorus, and then the cartoonists had their say. Karl Hubenthal was typical. In the Los Angeles Herald Examiner, he pictured Goldberg at heaven s gate. Saint Peter operates it by means of a contraption involving a rabbit, a pistol, a sailboat, a candle, a boiling kettle, a spool, and a length of string.

Most objects diminish as they grow distant. Goldberg has defied natural law by becoming larger since his death. Theta Tau, the oldest and largest professional engineering fraternity in the U.S., initiated the annual Rube Goldberg Machine Contest in 1989. According to the rules, said machine must be constructed of real materials and use at least 20 steps to accomplish its task within two minutes. Past winners include Screw a Light Bulb into a Socket; Toast a Slice of Bread; and Select, Mark, and Cast an Election Ballot. In 1995, the U.S. Postal Service issued a 32-cent stamp,  Rube Goldberg s Inventions,  featuring the Automatic Napkin Machine, first drawn in 1931. In 2010, the alternative rock group OK Go produced a music video featuring a giant Rube Goldberg machine, incorporating marbles, dominoes, wheels, complicated tunnels, and, at the end of the song, paint guns that splashed the group with colorful dyes.

Today, when Frances X. Clines writes about the  Rube Goldberg Approach to Campaign Transparency  in the New York Times, or Daniel Henninger s Wall Street Journal column focuses on the Rube Goldberg Democrats, or the Daily Beast warns of the  danger of Rube Goldberg legislation,  no one has to ask what they mean. Goldberg s reputation is as permanent and visual as a mischief-making cartoonist (A) absentmindedly putting his pen in the cat s dish of milk (B), thereby frightening feline (C), which caterwauls, making dog (D) happy. Canine wags tail, accidentally knocking over a bottle of Jack Daniels (E) on coffee table (F). Parrot (G) flies from his perch (H) and laps up bourbon drops (I). Inebriated, the bird flies off, grabbing cartoonist s nameplate (J) and dropping it into a shelf of reference books (K). It finds a home in there for journalists, for engineers, for biographers, for humorists, for readers forever. 
2015-05-20
Huawei stakes claim in 'Internet of Things' market with new operating system A worker adjusts the logo at the stand of Huawei at the CeBIT trade fair in Hanover March 15, 2015. REUTERS/Morris Mac Matzen

BEIJING China's Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, the world's biggest telecommunications equipment maker, on Wednesday became the latest tech giant to present its own take on the 'Internet of Things' (IoT), centered on an operating system designed to allow household and business appliances to communicate with each other online.

At an event in Beijing, Huawei executives showcased its "Agile IoT" architecture, including an operating system called LiteOS to control basic devices. This marks the firm's most significant push into a sector that has lured heavyweights from Google Inc to Intel Corp and IBM into pushing their own standards and communication protocols.

Huawei executives touted Agile architecture as a free and open standard that would allow hardware designers to easily make connectable devices. Aside from its operating system, Huawei also showed off fully customizable wireless equipment that could be installed in business settings.

"Standardizing infrastructure will foster the development of Internet applications, including 'IoT' applications," said Huawei's chief strategy and marketing officer William Xu.

Huawei's latest expansion comes at a time when consumer-oriented firms such as Xiaomi Inc and Apple Inc, anticipating an explosion of Internet-connected home appliances and consumer devices, have sought to build ecosystems around their popular handsets.

Last month, Tencent Holdings Ltd unveiled its own operating system for Internet-connected devices such as TVs and watches that is open to all developers, taking on domestic rivals Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, JD.com Inc and Xiaomi Inc [XTC.UL] in the smart hardware space.

(Reporting by Gerry Shih; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Japan's Universal sells stake in Philippine casino land affiliate MANILA May 20 The recent exit by Japan's Universal Entertainment Corp from a Philippine affiliate linked to its Manila casino-resort potentially removes a hurdle delaying the launch of the $2 billion project, the Philippine gambling regulator said on Wednesday.

Universal, controlled by billionaire gaming magnate Kazuo Okada, said in a Japanese stock exchange filing last week it had sold its entire 40 percent stake in Eagle II Holdco Inc, a holding company for the firm that owns the land on which the casino resort is being built, to local firm All Seasons Hotels & Resorts Corp for $2.9 million.

The sale could resolve potential legal issues linked to land ownership which have so far complicated attempts by Universal affiliate Tiger Resorts Leisure and Entertainment Inc to drum up investors for the project.

Tiger holds the licence for the casino, and the regulator, Philippine Amusement and Gaming Corp (Pagcor), had made resolving the land ownership issue a pre-requisite for the casino to start operating.

Local law prevents foreign firms from owning over 40 percent of land and in 2012, a legal opinion by the justice department unit said Universal effectively owned more than the limit.

"If true, they will be able to address the issue of the nationality problem," Pagcor President Jorge Sarmiento told Reuters, adding that the regulator had yet to receive official confirmation of the sale.

A Universal spokesman declined to comment on the matter. In its filing, the company said the stake sale was completed in January and said All Seasons was owned by Filipino businessman Antonio Cojuangco, a relative of President Benigno Aquino.

Several attempts to contact All Seasons and Cojuangco were unsuccessful.

Pagcor last week confiscated a $2.2 million guarantee payment from Tiger and threatened to suspend its permit because of delays in the project.

Eagle II currently owns 60 percent of Eagle I Landholdings Inc., the registered owner of the lot near Manila Bay where the casino-resort is being built.

According to previous filings, the owner of the remaining stake was Aruze USA Inc, a U.S. firm owned by Okada. In its latest Japanese exchange filing, Universal named the owner of the stake as Brontia Limited. The reason for the change was not disclosed. (Additional reporting by Nathan Layne; Editing by Miral Fahmy) Spotify Hits Apple Inc. With a Starbucks Partnership The annual Billboard Music Awards on Sunday were, as expected, a Taylor Swift coronation ceremony with the country/pop/rock(?) star taking eight wins out of 14 nominations. But when it comes to music, the biggest story (outside of Taylor Swift) isn't the introduction of a new genre, group, or video, but rather a rapid change of the delivery model.

For music, this has happened before: Records were replaced by 8-tracks, which were replaced by tapes, then CDs, then digital downloads. The latter switch gave Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) significant market power as its iTunes content library acquired strong market share as a gatekeeper of content. Even now, iTunes is the top digital download site, with a recent study pegging its paid digital download market share at over 60% as of fourth-quarter 2012.

For Apple, however, the news isn't all good when it comes to its digital download business. Last October, The Wall Street Journal reported that Apple's digital download revenue had dropped 13%-14% since the start of the year. The Recording Industry Association of America reported an 8.5% drop in digital downloads in 2014. The reason given: streaming delivery. Now, Spotify is working with Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX) to expand its streaming user base while competing against Apple's digital downloads and streaming services.

The partnership

Both companies get something from the deal, which Starbucks announced on May 18. Starbucks employees receive access to Spotify Premium, and its loyalty program members will receive access to Starbucks music on Spotify via the coffee slinger's mobile app and the ability to influence in-store playlists -- both of which serve to deepen the relationship and value for loyalty members. The deal seems even better for Spotify since its premium services will be promoted in Starbucks stores and because the music streamer will have instant access to 10 million Starbucks Rewards loyalty members as part of the agreement.

Unlike a large percentage of Spotify's 60 million global users, Starbucks already has its rewards members' credit cards on file, paving a way for Spotify to convert potential users into more-lucrative Spotify Premium subscribers. The nexus of this partnership is the "Stars as Currency" promotion in which Spotify users can access and earn Starbucks loyalty rewards points.

While the companies did not disclose specifics of the "Stars as Currency" promotion, Spotify becoming the first third-party partner with Starbucks is a huge opportunity for the company to bolster its user base for the ad-free, paid Spotify Premium service. The company has come under fire by record labels and artists for not doing more to monetize its user base, with Swift even pulling her catalog off of the service.

A pre-emptive strike?

This is a way for Spotify to differentiate its service and introduce its product to a new clientele. That's important in an increasingly crowded market. Outside of streaming-only services competitors such as Rdio, Pandora, and Jay-Z's new Tidal service, tech giants Google, Apple, and Amazon.com are expanding into streaming delivery. Considering the delivered product, music, is essentially the same among these services, the rush to be the first to consumer and establish familiarity is high.

Apple's has a free, ad-supported streaming service in iTunes Radio (ad free with a $24.99/year iTunes Match subscription), but appears to be rolling out its Beats Audio streaming service as well. The new service seems to have no free version and is rumored to cost $9.99 monthly. While Spotify gained expanded access to 10 million people and promotion agreements from its new Starbucks partnership, Apple still commands a huge built-in potential market with its massive U.S. iPhone installed base of 94 million users. Spotify's move should be commended, but for Apple investors this isn't a large story. Why Amazon.com Inc Isn't Scared of Google Inc's "Buy" Button Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) could soon add a "buy" button to its mobile search ads, according to a recent report in The Wall Street Journal. Today, Google's product listing ads link to external sites where the purchases are completed. If new buy buttons are added, a customer could complete the purchase within Google without navigating through merchant websites.

Buy buttons are aimed at strengthening Google's position in product searches against Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN).

Every time a user starts at Amazon or other e-commerce sites, Google loses potential ad revenue from a retailer's search ad. Last year, Google chairman Eric Schmidt admitted that "almost a third of people looking to buy something started on Amazon... more than twice the number who went straight to Google."

Turning retailers into faceless order takers

In a recent note to investors, Baird Equity Research analysts claimed that the buy button would help Google in three ways: widen its defensive moat against e-commerce rivals like Amazon, boost the value of its mobile ads, and provide Google with more user data regarding buying habits.

Unfortunately, what's great for Google might not be so great for retailers. With buy buttons, Google is basically attempting to build its own e-commerce while rendering merchant sites obsolete. That could diminish their identities, weaken their relationships with individual shoppers, and basically turn them into faceless order-takers.

To address those concerns, Google's order pages will be heavily branded for individual retailers. Google will also let customers opt-in to the retailer's marketing emails during the checkout process. However, retailers who hoped that a single click-through to the site would lead to prolonged leisurely and multiple purchases could be out of luck.

This isn't the first time Google has united retailers under a common umbrella. Its same-day delivery service, Google Express, uses contract drivers to deliver goods from brick-and-mortar retailers like Costco, Target, and Barnes & Noble to homes. Those orders are all processed within Google's ecosystem without visiting external sites.

Why Amazon isn't losing any sleep

However, Google lacks an effective way to counter Amazon Prime, the annual subscription service that has become the heart of Amazon's growing ecosystem.

For $99 a year, Amazon Prime customers get free two-day shipping on select items, discounts, free streaming of select media content, free e-books from the lending library, unlimited cloud photo storage, and other benefits. In areas served by Prime Fresh, $200 more per year gets free same-day and early morning delivery for purchases over $50.

Amazon expands its reach of the Prime ecosystem by selling cheap devices like Kindle tablets and Fire TV set-top boxes at low margins.

Last September, RBC Capital estimated that Amazon Prime had 50 million members, up from 20 million last January. The company also estimates that Prime members spend 68% more annually than non-Prime members on Amazon products and services.



Google's benefits are far less lucrative. Google Express members can pay $95 per year, or $10 per month, for unlimited same-day deliveries of purchases over $15. There aren't any added perks for free media streaming, digital content, or cloud storage. Therefore, the only way Google can convince customers to stop visiting Amazon for product searches is to halt the growth of Prime -- which could be a nearly impossible task.

The key takeaways

Google's buy button might slightly boost the value of its mobile ads and improve its position in product searches, but I doubt it will slow Amazon down. If retailers feel like Google is cutting them out of the loop and turning them into faceless order-takers, the initiative could backfire and hurt mobile ad sales.

Google's blind spot in product searches against Amazon is similar to its weakness in social networking against Facebook (NASDAQ:FB). Both Amazon and Facebook are drawing visitors away from Google's main site, which diminishes the value of its search engine and ads. In response, Google is superficially imitating their strategies, yet failing to build lasting ecosystems that complement its core competencies of search and advertising. Barclays fined $2.4 billion for FX manipulation, to fire 8 staff LONDON Barclays Plc (BARC.L) pleaded guilty to a U.S. criminal charge and was fined $2.4 billion (1.5 billion pounds) by U.S. and British authorities on Wednesday for manipulating foreign exchange rates.

The British bank also agreed to fire eight employees as a result of the settlement, according to the New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS).

The bank will pay $710 million to the U.S. Department of Justice, $485 million to the NYDFS, $400 million to the Commodities Futures Trading Commission and $342 to the U.S. Federal Reserve. It was also fined a record 284 million pounds, or $441 million, by Britain's Financial Conduct Authority.

Barclays was one of five banks to be fined a total of $5.7 billion by authorities on Wednesday. Its fine was far higher than the other banks, as it did not take part in a group settlement in November, because it wanted to include the powerful NYDFS in its settlement.

Barclays had set aside $3.2 billion for potential fines related to past FX trading. It could face further punishment related to electronic systems used in FX trading, which the NYDFS said it will continue to investigate.

Benjamin Lawsky, New York superintendent of financial services, said a number of Barclays employees involved in the misconduct were no longer employed by the bank and four were fired last month, including its global head of FX spot trading in London and a director on the FX spot trading desk in New York.

Lawsky ordered the bank to fire another four staff who it still employed, including a vice president on the emerging markets trading desk in New York and two directors on the FX spot trading desk in New York.

(Reporting by Steve Slater; Editing by Kirstin Ridley) Why I'm Glad Apple Inc. Killed Its Smart TV Plans Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) scrapped its plans for a smart TV last year, according to a recent report in The Wall Street Journal. During the planning stages, Apple considered installing sensor-equipped cameras for FaceTime chats on a 4K display, but it ultimately couldn't find enough "compelling" reasons to launch its own branded TV.

That report dashed hopes that Apple would disrupt the TV market in the same way that it turned the smartphone and tablet markets upside down. But in my opinion, it was definitely the right play.

Why some people are upset

To understand why it was smart for Apple to kill its TV plans, we should first discuss why people thought it was a good idea.

Activist investor Carl Icahn, who owns about $6.8 billion in Apple stock, has been an outspoken supporter of Apple-branded smart TVs. In an open letter to CEO Tim Cook, Icahn claims that Apple could sell 10 million 55" and 65" 4K TVs at an average price of $1,500 in fiscal 2016, which would generate $15 billion in revenues. In 2017, he expects shipments to reach 25 million units and generate $37.5 billion in revenues.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster also expected Apple to launch a TV. Like Icahn, Munster claimed that Apple would start selling TVs for $1,500 each in fiscal 2016. Munster originally predicted that an Apple smart TV's combination of Siri, FaceTime, a TV app store, and a PrimeSense-based motion control device would set it apart from competing devices.

But it's not just about top line growth

Projections by Icahn, Munster, and others mainly focus on the revenue that could be generated by an Apple smart TV. But the problem with the TV business is the bottom line.

Margins in the TV market are so low that major players like Philips and Panasonic have respectively exited and scaled down their TV businesses. Even Sony spun off its TV business as a separate operating unit last year.

South Korean companies Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) and LG, which accounted for 40% of the global smart TV market last year, notably fared better. Unlike Japanese manufacturers, which use components from multiple suppliers, Samsung and LG mainly use their own components to produce cheaper TV sets. By selling cheaper sets and undercutting their Japanese rivals, both companies took advantage of economies of scale -- meaning that the cost of unit production declined as more units were produced.

The commoditization of 4K smart TVs

However, most HDTVs are still sold at low single-digit margins. To boost those margins, TV manufacturers are upgrading the resolution to 4K and charging higher prices for comparable sized screens. They're also piling on smart TV features for media streaming, games, and web browsing.

However, prices for 4K smart TVs are already tumbling. In April, Vizio started selling 43" 4K smart TVs for $600, and 55" units for just $1,000. Xiaomi, the second largest smartphone maker in China, launched a 55" smart TV for $800 in March.

Meanwhile, customers who don't want to buy a new smart TV just to use Netflix or Hulu can buy cheap streaming devices like Amazon's Fire TV Stick, Google Chromecast, Roku set-top boxes, or Apple's $69 Apple TV set-top box.

Why Apple investors should be relieved

There's simply no reason for Apple to jump into the crowded low-margin battlefield of smart TVs when it can sell its hardware at gross margins exceeding 40%. Steve Jobs reportedly once told employees, "TV is a terrible business. They don't turn over and the margins suck."

Perhaps Icahn will argue that Apple's brand appeal could convince people to buy $1,500 4K TVs. But in my opinion, TVs don't belong in the same category as smartphones or tablets. Plunging prices across the market indicate that customers favor big screens with low price tags, and the upgrade cycle for TVs is much longer than the one for smartphones and tablets.

In addition, Apple already has a decent foothold in the connected TV market with Apple TV, which accounted for 17% of all streaming media devices in the U.S. last year, according to Parks Associates. That makes it a decent platform for delivering iTunes, its upcoming streaming TV service, and other digital content to customers.

The key takeaways

As a long-term Apple shareholder, I'm glad the company scrapped its plans for a 4K smart TV. There's no reason for Apple to ruin its margins by diving headfirst into a heavily commoditized market. Instead, Apple TV represents a more elegant and low-risk way for Apple to profit from the growth of the streaming media market. Notable Earnings: Lowe's (LOW), Staples, Inc. (SPLS), American Eagle ... Lowe s Companies Inc. (LOW) shares are down $4.03 to $67.80 in premarket trading Wednesday after the company reported its first quarter earnings results.

The home improvement retailer posted earnings of $0.70 per share on revenues of $14.13 billion, up 5.4% from a year ago. Analysts were expecting EPS of $0.74 on revenues of $14.26 billion. Q1/15 gross margin was 35.47%, marginally lower from 35.50% a year earlier. The company s net income for the period came in at $673 million, or $0.70 per diluted share, from $624 million, or $0.61 per diluted share, a year earlier. Comparable sales for the quarter increased 5.2%. Comparable sales for the U.S. home improvement business increased 5.3%.

 I am pleased that we executed well and delivered another strong quarter,  commented Robert A. Niblock, Lowe s chairman, president and CEO.  We generated comparable sales growth in all regions of the country and across all product categories, driving strong earnings per share growth. 

For the fiscal year ending January 29, 2016, the company guided revenues of $58.75   $59.0 billion, as compared to analysts  expectations of $58.97 billion. The management also gave its bottom line EPS of $3.29 per share, against projections of $3.31 per share.

Cash Position: As of May 1, 2015, Lowe s cash and cash equivalents totaled $1.43 billion, compared to $658 million at May. 2, 2014.

Staples, Inc. (SPLS) reported first quarter non-GAAP EPS of $0.17 before the opening bell Wednesday, compared to the consensus estimate of $0.17. Revenues declined 7% from last year to $5.26 billion. Analysts expected revenues of $5.46 billion. On a GAAP basis, the company reported net income of $59 million, or $0.09 per share (diluted), compared to net income of $96 million, or $0.15 per share, achieved in the first quarter of 2014.

 Our first quarter results were in line with our expectations,  said in a press release Ron Sargent, Staples  chairman and CEO of Staples.  We grew sales in our North American delivery businesses and stabilized profitability across the company, which reflects continued progress on our strategic reinvention. 

For Q2/15 ending in July, the office supply chain provided EPS guidance of $0.11   $0.13 versus consensus of $0.11 per share.

Liquidity: The company ended the quarter with $1.9 billion in liquidity, including $795 million in cash and cash equivalents.

The stock is currently down 3.11% to $15.90 on 10K shares.

Shares of American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. (AEO) rallied $1.38, or 8.32%, to $17.12 after the company released its earnings results on Wednesday. The teen clothing retailer reported Q1 15 EPS of $0.15 per share vs. $0.12 consensus on $700 million in revenue, up 8.3% from a year ago. The company s net income for the period came in at $29 million, or $0.15 per diluted share versus $3.9 million, or $0.02 per diluted share a year earlier.

Jay Schottenstein, Interim CEO commented,  Our strong first quarter results reflected outstanding merchandise and customer-focused execution. Both AE and aerie performed well, achieving higher sales and earnings, proving successful in a price promotional retail climate. 

On valuation measures, American Eagle Outfitters Inc. shares, which currently have an average 3-month trading volume of 4.41 million shares, trade at a trailing-12 P/E of 38.11, a forward P/E of 15.90 and a P/E to growth ratio of 1.69. The median Wall Street price target on the name is $19.00 with a high target of $24.00. Currently ticker boasts 15  Buy  endorsements, compared to 11  Holds  and 2  Sell .

Profitability-wise, AEO has a t-12 profit and operating margin of 2.45% and 6.50%, respectively. The $3.07 billion market cap company reported $327 million in cash vs. $429 million in total liabilities in its most recent quarter.

AEO currently prints a one year return of about 36% and a year-to-date return of around 14%.

The chart below shows where the equity has traded over the last 52 weeks.

Target Corp. (TGT) gained $0.33 to $78.25 in premarket trading after it reported fiscal results for the first quarter.

In its quarterly report, the company said it earned $1.10 per share, well above the $1.03 per share analysts were expecting. Revenue rose 2.8% to $17.12 billion, above views for $17.09 billion. The company s net earnings for the period came in at $635 million, up about 52% from $418 million a year earlier. Target said comparable sales at stores open at least a year rose 2.3%, matching the market consensus. Digital channel sales grew 37.8% and contributed 0.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth.

 We re pleased with our first quarter traffic and sales, particularly in our signature categories, which drove better-than-expected profitability through improved gross margin and continued expense management,  stated Brian Cornell, chairman and CEO of Target.  We re encouraged to see early progress on our strategic priorities, including strong sales growth in Apparel, Home and Beauty, nearly 40 percent growth in digital sales, and positive traffic in both our stores and digital channels. 

For Q2/15, Target provided EPS guidance of $1.04   $1.14 versus consensus of $1.12 per share. The company said it expects full-year 2015 adjusted EPS of $4.50   $4.65, compared with prior guidance of $4.45   $4.65.

Cash Position: As of May 2, 2015, Target s cash and cash equivalents totaled $2.76 billion, compared to $677 million at May 3, 2014. 
2015-07-14
Pre-Earnings Option Activity Accelerates on Google Inc (GOOGL) is flying this afternoon -- up 2.9% -- after the tech titan unveiled how the company is performing more efficiently , including slowing its pace of hiring. Also helping boost the stock is a price-target hike to $710 from $614 at B. Riley -- territory yet to be charted.Today's positive price action has sparked a rush of activity in the equity's options pits, with overall volume running a two times the intraday pace. What's more, front-month contracts are in high demand, as speculators scramble to place bets on the equity's end-of-week trajectory -- a time frame which includes GOOGL's second-quarter earnings report , due after Thursday's close.GOOGL's July 600 call has seen the most action, and it appears new positions are possibly being purchased for a volume-weighted average price (VWAP) of $4.55. If traders are indeed buying the calls to open , the goal is for the stock to rally north of $604.55 (strike plus VWAP) by this Friday's close, when the series expires.Put players, meanwhile, have set their sights on the July 565 strike, where buy-to-open activity has been detected. The VWAP for the out-of-the-money put is $4.28, making breakeven $560.72 (strike less VWAP). Regardless of where the stock settles the week, though, the most either group of option buyers has on the line is the initial premium paid.Outside of the options pits, the brokerage bunch has taken an upbeat approach to GOOGL. Of the 27 analysts covering the shares, 22 maintain a "buy" or better rating, with not a single "sell" to be found. Plus, the average 12-month price target of $638.90 represents an expected move to record highs.Technically speaking, the shares have tacked on 11% year-to-date, but recent rally attempts have stalled out in the $590 region. Today, in fact, Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) topped out at an intraday peak of $589.71, and was last seen lingering near $588.50. Twitter confirms purported Bloomberg story is false A report claiming that Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) received an offer to be acquired for $31 billion attributed to Bloomberg LP is fake, Twitter and a spokesman for the news and financial data provider said on Tuesday.

Twitter shares jumped on the report, which was distributed on the Internet and closely resembled Bloomberg's news website. Its origins could not be immediately established.

Cybersecurity experts said the fake website and report did not require a high level of skill. The domain name was registered anonymously and it may take months for authorities to determine who created the site, said Rob Sadowski, director of technology solutions at cybersecurity company RSA.

The report appeared on a site named bloomberg.market, rather than bloomberg.com. The bloomberg.market account was suspended at mid-afternoon Tuesday.

The website carrying the false report was registered on July 10, according to a domain search on the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers.

The domain was registered in Panama to WhoIsGuard, a company which puts its own information as a web site registrant to mask the identity of the actual owner.

Twitter options were heavily traded on Tuesday with overall options activity surging to 330,000 contracts, or more than twice normal volume, according to Trade Alert data.

A large buyer appears to have bought 12,000 near-dated call options across multiple strikes at 11:37 am ET as the fake report went out and the shares started rising. Calls betting on shares rising above $37 by Friday were bought across multiple exchanges.

"If I am an attorney at the SEC, I want to contact that person to ask about the reasoning behind the large positioning in the short-dated contracts,  said Steven Spencer, partner at proprietary trading firm SMB Capital in New York.

The report came weeks after one of Twitter's earliest investors, Chris Sacca, said Twitter would be an "instant fit" for Google if it were to acquire the microblogging site.

Shortly after Sacca's comments, former Chief Executive Officer Dick Costolo abruptly stepped down amid increasing scrutiny of the company's slow user growth and inability to attract advertisers at the same rate as its competitors.

Twitter ended the session up 0.9 percent at $36.72. Earlier, it jumped as much as 8.5 percent.

A Securities and Exchange Commission spokesperson declined to comment.

(Additional reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) BioCardia Sets Price For IPO BioCardia, Inc. filed an amended S-1 form with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding its initial public offering. In this filing the company gave its expected price range as $12 to $14 for about 3.85 million shares. At the maximum price this offering is valued at roughly $53.9 million. The company intends to list on the NASDAQ Global Market under the symbol BCDA.

The underwriters for the offering are Cantor Fitzgerald, Roth Capital Partners, and Maxim Group.

This is a clinical-stage regenerative medicine company that develops novel therapeutics for cardiovascular diseases with large unmet medical needs. Its lead therapeutic candidate is the CardiAMP Cell Therapy System (CardiAMP).

The company anticipates enrolling the first patient in its phase 3 pivotal trial for CardiAMP in ischemic systolic heart failure in 2015, then obtaining top-line data in the second half of 2017. If the phase 3 pivotal trial is successful, BioCardia believes it will be the first company to reach the market with a cell-based therapy to treat heart failure.

The second therapeutic candidate is the CardiALLO Cell Therapy System (CardiALLO). The company anticipates acceptance of an Investigational New Drug (IND) application by the FDA in 2016 for a phase 2 trial for CardiALLO in ischemic systolic heart failure.

The proceeds from this offering are expected to be put towards the phase 3 trial of CardiAMP cell therapy system, and the remainder of funds will be used for working capital, research and development of additional future products or therapies, and general corporate purposes.

In the filing the company described its market opportunity as: Why Verizon Communications Inc. Is Eyeing Millennial Media Inc. Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) might acquire mobile ad network Millennial Media (NYSE:MM) for $300 million soon, according to a recent TechCrunch report. If that's true, it would represent a significant premium over Millennial's current market cap of $259 million.

When Millennial Media went public in March 2012, the stock doubled from its IPO price of $13 to $26 on the first day. However, the stock now trades for less than $2, due to a streak of earnings misses and intense competition from bigger rivals like Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) AdMob, Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) Audience Network, and Apple's iAd. All these platforms deliver cross-device ads to mobile apps.

Why would Verizon buy Millennial?

To understand why Verizon might buy Millennial, we should discuss its growing interest in advertising. When Verizon bought AOL for $4.4 billion earlier this year, it claimed that the acquisition would boost its top line with advertising revenues. However, AOL controlled just 2.1% of the entire U.S. digital ad market in 2014, according to eMarketer, versus 38.2% for Google and 17.4% for Facebook (NASDAQ:FB).

But two months before the acquisition, AOL launched One, an all-in-one advertising platform which lets advertisers optimize their campaigns across multiple channels like display, video, and TV ads. The platform is "programmatic," meaning that it automates ads sales to the highest bidder. This meant that AOL could help Verizon scale its ads across multiple platforms, like its upcoming streaming TV service. Verizon already has experience delivering video -- its FiOS TV service reaches over five million U.S. households, and it partnered with the NFL to let users stream games to their mobile devices.

In late June, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) handed its display ad business to AOL, in exchange for a 10-year deal for replacing Google with Bing as its default search engine. However, that's a shrinking business -- eMarketer forecasts that Microsoft's share of the U.S. display ad market will decline from 3.9% to 1.7% between 2013 and 2015.

What Millennial brings to the table

In a nutshell, Verizon now owns several small advertising businesses which aren't fully integrated with each other. That's where Millennial Media comes in -- its network reaches over 670 million unique users monthly, and it has the potential to deliver ads to over 65,000 apps.

Last year, Millennial acquired programmatic mobile ad exchange Nexage. Nexage's real-time bidding software automates purchases of mobile ads -- a feature which many other mobile ad networks already offer. Millennial's annual revenue has risen every year since it went public, but its losses continue to widen. It posted a net loss of $149 million last year, as operating expenses soared 122% annually to $265 million. Millennial expects those costs to rise "significantly in the foreseeable future."

Those numbers don't look good, but it's Millennial's ability to deliver ads into apps through an automated, real-time exchange which makes it a tempting purchase. If Verizon can bundle AOL One and Millennial's programmatic platforms together, it can offer advertisers all-in-one plans for advertising across mobile apps, PC screens, and TVs. If Verizon then blends data from its wireless customers, AOL, and Millennial into a single database, it could craft powerful targeted ads like Facebook and Google.

A long-term play

Verizon's advertising business has growth potential, but the parts are still small and disconnected. Moreover, the Internet advertising market is quickly becoming a duopoly between Facebook, the largest social network in the world, and Google, the largest search engine.

Verizon could leverage its position as the largest wireless carrier in the U.S. to attract advertisers, but it must consolidate its fragmented portfolio of advertising platforms first. But once Verizon creates a scalable advertising platform across multiple screens and services, it could gain a unique advantage against Facebook and Google. Acquiring Millennial Media could help it accomplish that goal. China's Micron management could spark chip price war The booth of U.S. memory chip maker MicronTechnology is pictured at an industrial fair in Frankfurt, Germany, July 14, 2015. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach

SEOUL/TAIPEI The $80 billion global memory chip industry could be heading for oversupply and a potential price war if a state-backed Chinese entity buys U.S.-based Micron Technology (MU.O), the world's No.3 memory chipmaker.

China's emergence into a global force, squeezing out market share, would shake up an industry dominated by South Korea's Samsung Electronics (005930.KS) and SK Hynix (000660.KS), Japan's Toshiba Corp (6502.T) and Micron.

"When a new player enters the market, who says it's OK not to make money, no good can come from it," said C.W. Chung, an industry analyst at Nomura, referring to reports of Tsinghua Unigroup Ltd's interest in buying Micron for $23 billion.

It could, though, be good news for those buying smartphones and other mobile devices if cheaper chips are passed downstream.

The global chip industry rides a volatile boom and bust cycle but has seen healthy profit growth in the past couple of years as it consolidated into just a handful of suppliers, keeping a check on supply growth.

Samsung and Hynix together control nearly 70 percent of the market for dynamic random access memory (DRAM) chips, widely used for temporary storage of data on computers and mobile devices. In flash-type memory chips, Samsung and Toshiba control around 53 percent, followed by SanDisk Corp SNDK.O and Micron.

"The bigger worry for the market right now is the risk of market oversupply. Micron hasn't been that aggressive in capital expenditure, but there's greater uncertainty as to what happens after a Chinese buyer takes over," said Jay Yoo, an analyst at Korea Investment. "Capital expenditure could increase, so concerns about that are being reflected."

Shares in SK Hynix tumbled 6.7 percent to a 15-month low on Tuesday, and Samsung dropped 3.2 percent. Both companies declined to comment.

CHIPS TO CHINA

The supply of DRAM chips ballooned by 89 percent in 2007 when the industry was caught up in huge oversupply as Hynix and Elpida, since bought by Micron, more than doubled their output to squeeze out smaller rivals such as ProMOS and the now defunct Qimonda.

That glut has since eased, and supply grew just 19 percent in 2013, according to Macquarie.

China has been a key destination for big spending by chipmakers, with production increasing in a market that uses around a fifth of the world's memory chips.

Samsung last year began full-scale production at a new $7 billion chip factory in Xi'an, and SK Hynix will next year likely take its cumulative investment in its China plant, which produces about half its total DRAM output, to above $10 billion.

Acquiring Micron's cutting-edge manufacturing technology would be a major advance for China's still modest chip industry, which Beijing sees as one of vital strategic importance.

China is the world's largest consumer and manufacturer of smartphones yet relies heavily on imported chips - particularly the processors that power the latest devices. In 2013, Chinese demand represented more than half of global semiconductor consumption, worth 917 billion yuan ($147.7 billion).

A Chinese-owned Micron would help China - home to big hardware makers including Lenovo Group (0992.HK) and Xiaomi - be less reliant on foreign technologies and increase its bargaining power.

"With Micron, China would get access to not only critical DRAM and NAND intellectual property, but also the manufacturing and design know-how that would significantly reduce its learning curve in mainstream memory," JP Morgan analysts wrote in a note.

"It would take at least a few years given the (technology and manufacturing) complexities of developing mainstream memory capabilities."

(Writing by Miyoung Kim; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Why Facebook, Inc. Is Right to Target Small Business As leaders in digital advertising, it's no secret that both Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) rely heavily on selling more, and more expensive, ads to drive growth. About 90% of Google's $17.26 billion in revenues last quarter were from ads, and Facebook relied even more heavily on its marketing partners to generate sales. While both have plans to further diversify their respective revenue streams going forward, it's safe to say advertising will continue to be the primary source of top-line growth in the foreseeable future.

For Facebook, digital ad sales are expected to become even more critical -- in the near term at least -- according to CFO Dave Wehner, due to slowing PC game usage. Continuing to focus on its app development efforts and taking the wraps off its soon-to-be-released Oculus Rift virtual reality headset early next year should help Facebook spread the revenue generation wealth, but ad sales are where its bread is buttered.

Based on Facebook's past success and new data that suggests consumers are considerably more amenable to online advertising from their local small and medium-sized business owners (SMBs), Facebook's focus on selling ads to the "little guy" will continue to be instrumental for future growth.

Customers prefer home cooking

The disparity among U.S. Internet users in their response to ads from local businesses versus those by national brands left no doubt as to who is more likely to generate sales from their respective digital efforts. A whopping 96% of domestic Internet users said their local business owners were better at "personalizing" their digital ads than the larger national chains. Over 90% of the respondents felt SMBs were also more trustworthy and were likely to treat consumers more fairly than their bigger but less in tune advertising brethren.

The disparity among digital advertisers is due in part to SMBs' focus on further developing and improving their websites and online advertising initiatives. As per another report, a full two-thirds of U.S. consumers have noticed improved websites from SMBs in the past couple of years, and many are now focused on enhancing their sites to become compatible with the fast-growing mobile user market. Nearly 40% of the consumers surveyed said they were "impressed" with their local SMBs mobile presence, and that figure is likely to grow.

Make no mistake, COO Sheryl Sandberg made it clear last quarter when asked about luring more brand-name advertisers into the fold that Facebook is working to do just that, and the unveiling of its high-priced video spots -- it charged as much as $1 million a day during the testing phase -- are ideally suited for the big boys. That said, Facebook's Q1 revenues didn't jump 42% year over year due to reeling in advertising behemoths; it has SMBs to thank for that.

Why it matters

Not surprisingly, Google isn't forthcoming about the number of advertisers it has in the fold, but estimates suggest it's around 2.5 million, and with over 30% of the world's digital advertising market, that figure may be on the low side. Which makes Facebook's rapid ascent to 2 million advertising partners that much more impressive. Sandberg didn't say how many of Facebook's advertisers were of the SMB variety, but it's safe to say it makes up a majority of sales.

The opportunity for Facebook, and Google for that matter, isn't necessarily from big brand names and existing SMB ad customers; it lies in the millions of SMBs that aren't marketing partners, yet. Facebook alone boasts 30 million SMB-sponsored pages on its property that aren't currently advertising. That presents a world of opportunity, which Facebook said during last quarter's earnings call it intends to capitalize on.

According to the data, local consumers respond best to personalized ads they can trust, and more SMBs are beginning to realize the value of digital ad spend. With 30 million potential customers already in-house, Facebook is ideally positioned to continue gaining online ad market share from the likes of Google. Sure, securing multimillion-dollar deals with the world's largest brands will be nice, but Facebook's future lies in the hands of SMBs. 
2015-02-07
Why Twitter Inc. Just Sold Its Soul to Google Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) recently signed a deal with Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to bring tweets back into Google searches. Tweets previously appeared in Google's search results between 2009 and 2011, but Twitter didn't renew that deal due to opposition from former COO Ali Rowghani, who believed that the company needed to more tightly control its own content.

However, Twitter CEO Dick Costolo claims that this new deal will be different. When Google users click tweets while logged out of Twitter, they won't reach the tweet. Instead, they will be redirected to a "logged out" page -- which contains ads -- where they can either sign in or sign up. Therefore, the more non-Twitter users are drawn to tweets via Google, the more new users might sign up.

User growth has been a sore spot for Twitter. Costolo previously set a target of 400 million monthly active users (MAUs) by the end of 2013, but MAUs only rose 20% year over year to 288 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. That's also a slowdown from the first three quarters of the year, when Twitter respectively posted 25%, 24%, and 23% MAU growth.

While signing a deal with Google might seem like a straightforward solution, I believe that the deal is a lopsided one which helps Google much more than Twitter.

A deal with the devil

The problem with this deal is that it lets Google users bypass Twitter's News Feed and jump straight to the tweet. The News Feed is where Twitter's main sources of ad revenue -- Promoted Tweets, Promoted Trends, Promoted Accounts, and its new Promoted Videos -- reside. Although marketers can advertise on the "logged out" page, it's arguably a poor substitute for News Feed ads.

Letting Google users link straight to Tweets also undermines the value of Twitter's own internal search engine. That could decrease the average amount of time Twitter users stay on the site and diminish its value to advertisers. According to Alexa, the average Google user spends 18 minutes per day on sites within the Google domain, compared to just 7 minutes per Twitter user. There's a direct correlation between average revenue per user (ARPU) and average time spent on social networks. Twitter users have an ARPU of $1.66 per quarter, based on its fourth quarter revenue of $479 million. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) users, who spend an average of 19 minutes on the site daily, have an ARPU of $2.77.

As I mentioned in a previous article, Twitter is trying to maximize ARPU with new marketing and networking tools to offset slower user growth. That strategy has actually worked well over the past year.

But under the Google deal, Twitter wants to value user growth over ARPU growth. While that strategic shift is understandable, it's a dangerous one that could decrease Twitter's value to advertisers and cause ARPU to plummet.

When "firehoses" start setting fires

Twitter will hook Google into its "firehose" feed, which gives it a direct deluge of tweets at a much faster rate than its News Feed.

However, the automated use of firehose feeds is controversial. Since many news agencies and high frequency trading firms are subscribed to Twitter's firehose feed, a widely retweeted fake story can cause a "flash crash" in the markets. That's what happened back in April 2013, when the Dow briefly plunged due to a fake story about a White House bombing from a hacked AP account. Meanwhile, penny stock promoters have constantly used fake bot accounts to try to hijack this system.

Twitter admitted bots accounted for about 14% of its "active" user base last August. Yet Twitter still allows single users to sign up for multiple accounts, and hasn't done much to crush these bots.

In my opinion, Twitter might consider these bots -- which tweet and retweet much faster than any human -- to be a necessary part of the firehose business. Last quarter, "data licensing and other" revenue (which includes those firehose fees) rose 105% year over year to $47 million, accounting for nearly 10% of its top line. Twitter hasn't disclosed the terms of Google's firehose deal, but CFO Anthony Noto admitted that its proceeds were "considered" part of the company's forward guidance.

Twitter's rising dependence on the firehose business is troubling, since it arguably encourages the proliferation of more fake users.

Google wins, but Twitter might lose

For Google, the advantages of the deal are clear. Its search results will be enhanced by real-time tweets, which will likely enhance it targeted ads. For Twitter, it's a coin flip. If Google delivers substantially more MAUs to Twitter, the deal might be worth it. But marketer interest in its News Feed could fade as time spent on the site declines. If that happens, both Twitter's top line growth could start heading in the wrong direction. As Apple Inc. Overtakes Samsung, What to Happens to HTC and Sony Corp? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is crushing Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) in the smartphone wars. During the fourth quarter of 2014, Apple iPhone shipments soared 46% year-over-year as Samsung shipments fell 11%, according to IDC. Apple also claimed 19.85% of the global smartphone market, nearly matching Samsung's 20.01% share.

Samsung faces enemies on all fronts, losing the high-end market to Apple and its status symbol appeal, and ceding the low and mid-range markets to cheaper rivals like Xiaomi. It has scrambled to offset those losses with smartwatches, VR headsets, new phones, and its own Google-free OS and ecosystem, but those are all uncertain, long-term bets.

But as dire as the situation seems, things are looking even worse for HTC (NASDAQOTH:HTCCY) and Sony (NYSE:SNE), which were marginalized by Samsung long before the iPhone 6 arrived. Let's take a look at how these two underdogs have been faring as Samsung struggles to keep the throne.

How HTC lost the smartphone race

Back in 2011, HTC controlled nearly 11% of the smartphone market. Today, it has less than 2%, according to the company's own estimates. In the first nine months of 2014, HTC revenue fell 13% year-over-year. The company returned to profitability in 2014 but only due to aggressive cost cutting measures.

Over the past four years, product delays, marketing missteps, and executive departures -- including head of design Scott Croyle -- have all weighed down the company.

This dilemma parallels the challenges Samsung faces. Apple can sell smartphones at higher margins, because it packs lower-powered hardware into a sleek package which has both cult and status appeal. IHS reports that the 16GB iPhone 6, which sells for $649, only costs $200 to manufacture. The Samsung Galaxy S5, on the other hand, sells for $600 and costs $256 to manufacture.

Since HTC flagship devices are usually cheaper than its Samsung counterparts, the company must match those specs with an even lower price tag. But at the same time, Chinese companies -- which are willing to sell comparable devices at paper thin margins -- are luring away potential customers as well.

Sony is stuck in the same boat

Unlike HTC, Sony never claimed a double digit share of the smartphone market. It controlled only about 2% in 2014, according to Gartner, due to the same challenges that marginalized HTC.

In the second quarter of 2014, revenue at the Sony mobile division rose 1.2% to $2.8 billion, but it posted a staggering operating loss of $1.6 billion, wiping out company-wide profits and causing the company to take a net loss of $1.2 billion. In the following quarter, the mobile business bounced back as sales improved 29% year-over-year to $3.5 billion, and it squeezed out a tiny operating profit of $76 million.

Despite that improvement, the nagging question is whether or not Sony should sell or spin off its mobile division, as it previously did with PCs and TVs, so it can focus on its more profitable businesses. But for now, Sony plans on making the division profitable at the expense of revenue growth.

Hiroki Totoki, the new head of the mobile unit, told investors last November that his priority was to make the Xperia business profitable although sales could decline "by 20% to 30%." This likely means that Sony will try to launch fewer Xperia models at premium prices.

Following Samsung's untested game plan

Sony and HTC have both mimicked some of Samsung's business decisions to diversify away from the crowded Android market.

Like Samsung, both companies are selling more wearable devices. Last year, HTC launched a GoPro alternative, the RE Camera, and is reportedly developing a fitness band. Sony has diversified its wearable offerings with new SmartWear devices like the SmartBand, SmartBand Talk, and SmartWatch 3. None of those devices generate meaningful revenue yet, but the potential is there -- research firm ON World expects global smartwatch shipments to soar from 4 million in 2013 to 330 million by 2018.

HTC, like Samsung, is also looking to Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows Phones to escape the Android market. Both companies sold Windows Phones in the past, and Samsung is reportedly interested in launching new Windows Phones soon. Windows Phone only accounts for about 3% of smartphones worldwide, but with HTC, Samsung, and maybe even Sony pushing the operating system, it could finally gain ground against iOS and Android.

Don't count HTC and Sony out yet

While it might seem like the current smartphone market trends spell doom for Android underdogs like HTC and Sony, neither company will abandon their mobile efforts anytime soon.

Both players could shift toward wearables and Windows Phones, which would diversify their top line away from Android devices. Meanwhile, Google will likely keep licensing its Nexus brand to Android laggards like HTC to keep Samsung market share in check. Nonetheless, HTC and Sony's mobile presence will likely shrink over time, and they should not be considered contrarian bets on the smartphone market quite yet. 
2015-04-16
The Big Threat To Google Is Nationalizing The Internet  The Cloud Battle Heats Up Between Amazon.com Inc, Google Inc, and Microsoft ... Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) recently unveiled its cloud-based Amazon Machine Learning (Amazon ML) service. "Machine learning" is how machines make predictions based on accumulated data. Enhancing cloud-based services with machine learning exponentially widens their horizons.

Amazon ML synchronizes with three services: its online storage service S3, its data warehousing solution Redshift, and its Relational Database Service (RDS). These services provide Amazon with a goldmine of data for learning.

Let's take a closer look at the business of machine learning, and what its growth means for Amazon's future.

The business of machine learning

Amazon faces three cloud-based rivals in the ML market: Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), IBM (NYSE:IBM), and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT).

Nearly five years ago, Google introduced its Prediction API cloud-based ML service. IBM's ML effort, Watson Analytics, entered a public beta last December. In February, Microsoft launched its Azure ML service.

All four companies state that their ML services are based on the same predictive analytics technology that they use internally. Google uses predictive analytics in its main search services. IBM uses Watson to analyze enterprise data hosted in its cloud and hybrid cloud installations. Microsoft uses predictive analytics for similar purposes with Bing, Cortana, Xbox, and other services. Amazon uses analytics to predict customer purchases. All four ML services will collect and analyze data from their respective cloud storage services.

Once all that data is read, businesses can gain valuable insights regarding customer behavior. For example, an ML model for a retailer could predict how gender, income, age, and profession affect purchases of certain products. These services will cost $0.10 per 1,000 predictions on Amazon ML.

Why does machine learning matter to Amazon?

It may seem odd for an e-commerce giant like Amazon to expand into machine learning, but it's an important way to enhance its growing cloud business.

Amazon's cloud and big data efforts belong to its Amazon Web Services (AWS) unit. Amazon doesn't report AWS revenues separately, but analysts at Pacific Crest estimate that AWS generated nearly $5 billion in 2014 revenues, up from an estimated $3.1 billion in 2013.

That's just a sliver of Amazon's revenues of $89 billion last year, but it's growing at a much faster rate than its core product sales revenue, which rose 15% annually to $70 billion. Investors will finally get a clearer picture of the unit's growth when Amazon finally reports AWS revenues separately in its upcoming first quarter report on April 23.

If analyst estimates are accurate, Amazon's cloud-based revenues are comparable to Microsoft's and higher than IBM's or Google's. Microsoft's cloud revenue rose 114% year-over-year last quarter, with an annualized run rate of $5.5 billion. At the end of 2014, IBM reported that its cloud-as-a-service revenue had an annualized run rate of $3.5 billion. Like Amazon, Google doesn't disclose it's cloud-based revenue, but research firm TBR estimates that those businesses generated just $1.6 billion in revenues in 2014.

Can Amazon win the ML battle?

Amazon ML's core advantage is its connectivity to S3, which houses huge amounts of data from enterprise customers. Major S3 customers include Netflix, Adobe, Comcast, Pinterest, Airbnb, Expedia, and even the CDC.

Its main weakness is that many customers will likely use the cloud service connected to their most commonly used data processing software. Google has Drive, which is a popular collaborative tool for small and medium-sized businesses. Microsoft has Office 365 and Power BI (Business Intelligence), which lets users share, access, and collaborate on Excel reports across multiple devices. IBM also has plenty of comparable BI solutions, and it recently launched new cloud-based enterprise apps for iOS via its partnership with Apple.

If Amazon wants to catch up, it needs to partner up with third-party business intelligence providers like Tableau.

The cloud wars are just beginning

The machine learning business is currently split between Amazon, Google, IBM, and Microsoft, but many other rivals are entering the market. Angel investing tracker AngelList currently lists 643 machine learning start-ups with an average valuation of $4.8 million. Therefore, investors who are interested in the cloud computing market should keep a close eye on Amazon, Microsoft, Google, and IBM's latest moves. Deutsche Post workers to expand parcel strike on Friday A Deutche Post sign stands in front of the Bonn Post Tower, the headquarters of German postal and logistics group Deutsche Post DHL in Bonn March 11, 2015. REUTERS/Wolfgang Rattay

DUESSELDORF, Germany Workers at Deutsche Post (DPWGn.DE) will expand strike action on Friday to a nationwide walkout to protest against the German group's plans to grow its parcel delivery business by using employees on lower pay deals, labour union Verdi said.

Talks between the two had ended with no agreement on Tuesday and Friday's nationwide walkout follows a 24-hour strike on Thursday at parcel centres in the North Rhine Westphalia industrial region.

Like other former postal service monopolies in Europe, such as Britain's Royal Mail (RMG.L), Deutsche Post's traditional letter business is shrinking while deliveries of parcels are rising due to online retailing.

It announced plans in January to create 10,000 new jobs at its parcel business by 2020, but said new workers would have to accept lower wages than other group employees as it and its DHL express division try to compete with the likes of UPS (UPS.N) and TNT TNTE.AS.

Verdi has said such a move would breach an agreement limiting how much business Deutsche Post can outsource and said it would only accept it if the company shortened the hours of about 140,000 workers to 36 per week from 38.5.

"Verdi members are fuming," the union's deputy chairwoman Andrea Kocsis said in a statement.

Verdi said it expected more than 1,000 workers at parcel centres to take part in Thursday's strike. It expects several thousand for Friday's walkout.

Deutsche Post and Verdi will meet for fresh talks on April 27 and 28. The company said the strike was therefore not necessary and that it hoped to keep disruption to a minimum.

Workers held a two-day strike earlier this month. In addition, Verdi has asked a court to grant an injunction to stop Deutsche Post from going ahead with its plans for the parcel business.

(Reporting by Matthias Inverardi; Writing by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Jason Neely and Mark Potter) 
2015-01-17
Dear Microsoft: Google Translate Now Offers Real-Time Voice Translation  
2015-08-19
This whacky Google project is a decidedly non-Alphabet moonshot There s curious news out of Google this week, albeit of the fringe variety. Via a tweet, the company says it no longer plans to test its  Project Ara  modular smartphone in Puerto Rico this year. Instead, as Cnet neatly summarizes , Google aims to try out the product somewhere in the U.S. in 2016.

This leads to two obvious questions: What s a modular phone and why would Google ( goog ) have considered testing it in Puerto Rico in the first place?

The first answer is pretty cool, actually. Google wants to seed the smartphone market with a product that lets consumers pick and choose the components they like, much the way they currently configure phones with software applications of their choosing. As Google notes in an online FAQ :  With a modular platform, you can pick the camera you want for your phone rather than picking your phone for the camera. You could have a sensor to test if water is clean. You could have a battery that lasts for days. A really awesome speaker. A gamer phone. Or it could even be your car key. The possibilities are limitless.  As for Puerto Rico, it seems Google liked the idea of an FCC-regulated area where inexpensive phones still dominate the market, among other attributes.

Production problems are the culprit for the delay. But a setback for a pie-in-the-sky project isn t all that important. What matters is that Google continues to try whacky ideas. What s more, though Project Ara certainly is a stretch, it resides within what will be Google Inc., not the new Alphabet , home to Google X and other out-there experiments. The company s Advanced Technology and Projects Group which Miguel Helft profiled when he was at Fortune runs Project Ara, and a modular phone theoretically fits nicely with Android, the mobile software that s core to Google s search business. ATAP is staying with Google, whose engineers still work on creative  20% projects,  like the solar-panel information site Katie Fehrenbacher covered Monday. In other words, the advertising company is maintaining its spirit of experimentation as well as a  moonshot factory  of its very own.

This post originally appeared in Data Sheet, Fortune's daily tech-business newsletter. Click here to subscribe. SEO update: How Google's latest algorithm changes will affect your dental ...  PayPal Continues Acquisition Spree, Buys E-commerce Startup Led By Former ...  
2015-03-11
US telecoms firm IDT establishes direct connection with Cuba HAVANA Direct telephone connections between the United States and Cuba have been established under the first commercial accord realized since the December rapprochement between the two longtime adversaries, Cuba's national telecom provider said on Wednesday.

The U.S.-based IDT Corp reached an agreement with Cuba's Empresa de Telecomunicaciones de Cuba S.A. (ETECSA) to provide direct international long distance telephony.

This marks the first finalized agreement between companies from the two countries since the joint Dec. 17 announcement by U.S. President Barack Obama and his Cuban counterpart Raul Castro that they would restore diplomatic relations.

"The re-establishment of direct communications between the United States and Cuba will help offer greater ease and quality of communications between the people of both nations," ETECSA said in a statement.

Even after the United States imposed an economic embargo on Cuba in the 1960s, phone communication between the two countries was still possible, with calls passing through third countries.

IDT announced on Feb. 20 the agreement was filed with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) and was subject to FCC review.

The deal happened after Obama used executive authority to ease some of the travel and trade restrictions on Cuba. He has also asked the Congress to lift the embargo completely. Such legislation was introduced in the Senate but has been opposed by the Republican leadership.

(Reporting by Nelson Acosta; Writing by Daniel Trotta) Fast-changing security threats overwhelm IT managers: survey FRANKFURT Security professionals are unable to keep pace with cybersecurity threats against companies as external and internal threats mushroom from both known and emerging technologies, a survey published on Wednesday showed.

The study of just over 1,000 security professionals in the United States, Britain and Canada paints a picture of mounting pressures on organizations due to a shortage of necessary specialist skills, tight budgets and poor employee education.

Emerging threats have changed dramatically from a year ago, as concern over managing security for social media and big data projects have declined sharply only to be replaced by new risks.

Forty-seven percent of security professionals now say the pressure to move their organizations to cloud-based Internet services from in-house computer systems has become their firm's biggest emerging threat, up from 25 percent a year ago.

"Few white-collar professionals face as much mounting pressure as the information security trade," said a report analyzing the survey findings from Trustwave, a supplier of managed security services based in Chicago.

The study found 54 percent of respondents believed security staffing levels inside their organizations needed to double in size and another 24 percent said they needed to quadruple, in order to cope with the range of cybersecurity issues they face.

Businesses face determined, well-funded attackers as their organizations create growing mountains of data that must be defended not only from outside attacks, but inside ones that are smuggled into work by unaware employees who increasingly use their own mobile phones instead of company-controlled devices.

Despite this, one of the strongest complaints voiced in the survey was the pressure to prematurely release new tech projects or applications, despite security concerns. Seventy-seven percent said they were pressured to launch projects too soon.

Nonetheless, a surprising 70 percent of respondents said they consider their own organizations safe from cyber attacks and data compromises.

This result suggests a false sense of security in light of a separate recent study from the Ponemon Institute that found 43 percent of companies had suffered a data breach in the past year. This disconnect was most pronounced in Britain, where 80 percent of those surveyed said their organizations were safe.

The poll was conducted in December and January by a third-party firm on behalf of Trustwave and drew on responses from more than 600 U.S. security professionals and another 200 each in Canada and Britain.

(Reporting By Eric Auchard, editing by David Evans) Google in talks to buy Indian startup InMobi: source People are silhouetted as they pose with laptops in front of a screen projected with a Google logo, in this picture illustration taken in Zenica October 29, 2014. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Files

MUMBAI Google Inc (GOOGL.O) is in talks to buy Bangalore-based mobile advertising venture InMobi, a source with direct knowledge of the matter said, which could pave the way for what could be the U.S. company's first deal in India's busy start-up space,

InMobi helps companies target the users of phones and mobile devices in their advertising. It was launched in 2007 and says it has more than 1 billion users across 200 countries. It counts Japan's SoftBank (9984.T), an early backer of China's Alibaba (BABA.N), and venture capital firm Sherpalo among investors.

The source, who asked not to be named because Google and InMobi have not made the negotiations public, said talks were at an early stage. The source said Google had not yet detailed its terms and conditions for the deal.

Both InMobi and Google declined to comment.

The source said the two sides were negotiating over issues that included how many unique users InMobi has, a key to its value.

"They are ironing out issues on what InMobi's parameters are, and whether it matches Google's," the source said, adding that InMobi would likely be valued at around $1 billion.

Google Capital, the group's investment arm, has set up shop in India's Silicon Valley, but the parent company has yet to invest directly in the country's Internet and e-commerce sector.

"Advertising is a big revenue generator for Google. As people move from browser or desktop searches, mobile advertising is becoming more important," Neil Shah, an analyst at Counterpoint Technology Market Research, said.

Google has bought mobile advertising company AdMob for $750 million, getting a green light in 2010 after months of negotiations with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.

In February, InMobi said 43 percent of its users were in North America and Western Europe, while the Asia Pacific region made up 38 percent.

In India, the vast majority of Indian Internet users access the web through their phones. There were more than 240 million mobile Internet users in India at the end of 2014, according to Shah at Counterpoint Research.

(Reporting by Nivedita Bhattacharjee in Mumbai; Editing by Clara Ferreira Marques and Jane Merriman) 
2015-04-25
Epoch Partners: Where Free Cash Flow Is King  
2015-09-16
Who Benefits From The Surge In The e-Payment Market? Last week, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) finally released its long-awaited e-payments service, Android Pay, roughly one year after Apple Pay (NASDAQ:AAPL) was released and two weeks before Samsung Pay (OTC:SSNLF) is released. These new e-payments services join a large number of existing services like PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL), Square, CurrentC, Stripe, AliPay (NYSE:BABA), MasterCard (NYSE:MA) Mobile, Visa (NYSE:V) PayWave, and many others. The e-payments market is getting crowded, and it makes sense that as e-commerce transaction is expected to grow and with the increased demand for secure, electronic transactions in stores, more and more technology companies will penetrate this market.

As shown in the chart below, Business Insider expects the in-store e-payment market to grow from $37B this year to $808B in 2019, mainly because the increased demand for secure, electronic transactions has attracted new players that have increased the portion of the population that uses e-payments services. By looking at the graph below, if I were an executive at Apple, Google or Samsung, I would want a piece of that market too.

Each of these services needs something that will make it unique from the other services, either by using a specific device, specific OS, preferred credit card or even preferred merchants. However, it all comes down to the point where merchants need to decide which services they should accept. The way merchants see it, there are three types of e-payment services that can be adopted:

e-payment services offered by e-commerce companies: services like Alibaba's AliPay, Amazon's Register, CurrentC, pre-Spin-off PayPal, etc. Many merchants will try to stay away from these services. e-payment services offered by tech giants that already know too much about us like Google's Android Pay, Apple Pay, and Samsung Pay. Merchants might adopt these services based on their transaction fee and added-value to the business. Standalone e-payment services: companies that are pure payments services like PayPal, Square, Stripe, Dwolla, etc. Merchants are expected to be open to adopting these services and consider them based on their general adoption rate.

Let's assume that every merchant finds its favorite e-payment service that fits that particular business best and the differences in transaction fees among the companies are marginal. This situation will create dozens of players in the market, where each controls a small portion of the market. There are only two companies that benefit from such a crowded e-payments market, MasterCard and Visa, who process most of the transactions. For these two companies, they are happy to see many players in the e-payments market. A large number of players drives larger adoption rates, which creates more transactions that MasterCard and Visa can process and generate revenues from, and they benefit from the intense competition that enables them to charge relatively high rates from the e-payments companies. In these market conditions, only MasterCard and Visa benefit. In other words, in the short-term, MasterCard and Visa stocks are the preferred holdings to benefit from the rising e-payments market.

In the long run, major players, like Apple, Google or Samsung, will have to acquire small dominant players to gain more market share and generate additional revenues from transaction fees. That means that companies, like Square, Stripe, Dwolla, and even PayPal, are legitimate acquisition targets by these giants, who will drive a significant consolidation process in the market. As the market shrinks, the e-payment service providers will gain more power and will be able to drive MasterCard and Visa rates down to increase net revenues from transactions. In these market conditions, Apple, Google, and Samsung benefit, or in other words, in the medium-long-term, their stocks may be the preferred investment in the e-payments market.

In the very long run, a possible but not likely scenario exists that PayPal may use its Luxemburg banking license to bypass Visa and MasterCard services and become totally (or almost) independent of them. AliPay may do the same in China. As this scenario has the lowest chance of happening, I don't believe any investor should allocate any money to it.

Conclusion

Samsung and Google join Apple and the soaring e-payments market. It is highly doubtful that they could obtain a substantial market share in the short term. As long as there are dozens of players with unique advantages that charge very similar transaction fees, the only ones to benefit are MasterCard and Visa, which process most of the payments. In the medium-long term, large companies like Apple, Samsung, and Google will feel the pressure to generate more revenues from this business and will start acquiring the small players. I believe this process will start in one to two years. Investors looking to benefit from the surge in e-payments should hold MasterCard, Visa, or PayPal (current e-payment market leader) in the short term and Apple, Google, and Samsung in the longer term to benefit from their growth in this business.

Disclosure: I am/we are long PYPL, AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: The information provided in this article is for informational purposes only and should not be regarded as investment advice or a recommendation regarding any particular security or course of action. This information is the writer's opinion about the companies mentioned in the article. Investors should conduct their due diligence and consult with a registered financial adviser before making any investment decision. Lior Ronen and Finro are not registered financial advisers and shall not have any liability for any damages of any kind whatsoever relating to this material. By accepting this material, you acknowledge, understand and accept the foregoing.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. Google's moonshot businesses could be losing as much as $4 billion a year Google's moonshots and other non-Internet-related businesses could be losing up to $4 billion a year and risk having a negative value when they are spun out into separate businesses under the Alphabet holding company, according to a new note to investors by Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

Google is preparing a massive corporate restructuring that will separate Google's core internet businesses (search, YouTube, Android, etc) from the various other businesses that Google has spent the past few years investing in, such as high-speed broadband, Nest smart home devices, and healthcare. The various businesses will now operate independently and be folded into a parent company called Alphabet. Google's stock will also convert into Alphabet stock.

Minimal revenue

Google's core Internet search business is a cash cow.

But only a few Alphabet businesses   namely Nest, Dropcam and Fiber   currently generate any revenue at all, according to BofA Merrill Lynch analyst Justin Post. He estimates that those businesses will bring in about $500 million in revenue in 2016 with about $100 million to $150 million in gross profit.

The rest of the Alphabet businesses, many of which are still in early stages   such as the self-driving cars that are part of Google's X lab   are bleeding red ink.

Post uses two different methodologies to estimate how much money the Alphabet businesses are losing:

In the first scenario, Post assumes Google's core businesses had adjusted operating margins of 53% (as it did in 2010, before Google had really started investing in moonshots), and YouTube has margins of 15%.

With those assumptions, he estimates that non-core Google businesses could be losing up to $4 billion a year.

He comes up with a smaller number by looking at job listings. By analyzing five years worth of Google job postings and concluding that roughly 16% of new employees work on core Google versus Alphabet businesses, Post estimates that the Alphabet businesses could be losing up to $2.7 billion a year.

Negative value

Whichever number you go with, the Alphabet businesses are losing billions.

Still, Post said, the Alphabet reorg should boost the stock. The reorg will help Wall Street value Google (or, Alphabet) on a sum of the parts basis, resulting in a higher earnings estimate for core Google, giving more consideration to the company's massive cash pil,e and likely giving a positive value to the other Alphabet businesses. All told, the restructuring could boost Wall Street analyst price targets on the stock by $50 to $150 a share, Post estimates.

But Post notes that it's also possible that Wall Street assigns a negative value to the non-Google Alphabet businesses, and he says that BofA Merrill Lynch is using $0 value in its model.

Interestingly, while Google has said the Alphabet reorg will happen by year's end, Post says he expects the split to happen in January 2016.

Get the latest Google stock price here. Obama warns China on cyber spying ahead of Xi visit U.S. President Barack Obama returns from a town hall meeting with service members at Fort Meade, to the White House in Washington September 11, 2015. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst

WASHINGTON President Barack Obama on Wednesday called for an international framework to prevent the Internet from being "weaponized" as a tool of national aggression, while holding out the prospect of a forceful U.S. response to China over hacking attacks.

With Chinese President Xi Jinping set to visit Washington next week, Obama told a group of company chief executives that cybersecurity would be a major focus in his talks with Xi, a topic that has become a point of friction in U.S.-Chinese relations.

A person briefed on the White House's thinking said on Tuesday the United States does not plan to impose sanctions on Chinese entities for economic cyber attacks ahead of Xi's visit to avoid what would be seen as a diplomatic disaster.

The United States has emphasized to China that industrial espionage by its government or its proxies in cyberspace goes beyond traditional intelligence gathering, Obama said.

"That we consider an act of aggression that has to stop," Obama told the Business Roundtable, a lobbying group.

Obama said the United States is preparing measures to show the Chinese "this is not just a matter of us being mildly upset, but is something that will put significant strains on a bilateral relationship if not resolved and that we are prepared to take some countervailing actions."

White House spokesman Josh Earnest later said Obama was "intentionally non-specific" in the comments and said the U.S. government is "hopeful" that it will not need to use sanctions or other measures against China for cyber attacks on U.S. commercial targets.

"It is clear that the Chinese government is being responsive to those concerns by at least engaging in a candid discussion of those issues," Earnest told reporters.

Obama told business leaders that he would like to see a "basic international framework" for governments on cybersecurity, perhaps resembling existing global nuclear agreements - a deal that would require "tough negotiations" that could take years.

"If we and the Chinese are able to coalesce around a process for negotiations, then I think we can bring a lot of other countries along," Obama said.

Obama said the United States is equipped to "go on offense" against rival nations. "We don't want to see the Internet weaponized in that way."

In referring to nuclear arms control regimes, Obama was most likely thinking about "norms," rather than governance, since the U.S. has not advocated creating an agency like the International Atomic Energy Agency to monitor cyber weapons, said Bruce McConnell, a former Department of Homeland Security cyber security chief.

Those principals could include agreements to refrain from attacking critical infrastructure during peacetime, and responding to requests for help with attacks.

"I don t think the president was talking about the structure - I think he was talking about the ideas,  said McConnell, who now works on multilateral cyber security issues for the nonpartisan, international EastWest Institute.

(Additional reporting by Joseph Menn; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Grant McCool) Canadian software company Lightspeed raises $61 million TORONTO Lightspeed, a provider of software for the retail industry, said on Wednesday it had raised $61 million (C$80.7 million), in the largest funding round for a Canadian technology company so far this year.

Pension fund manager Caisse de d p t et placement du Qu bec led the fundraising along with Investissement Qu bec, the investment arm of the province. Further support came from venture capital firms Accel Partners and iNovia Capital.

The move, which brings the Montreal-based company's total funding to date to $126 million, highlights the amount of private capital available for the Canadian technology industry and an increasing interest from large asset managers in the space.

Lightspeed plans to use the capital to boost software infrastructure and expand further into new regions, particularly Europe.

Lightspeed has about 25,000 customers, which include both small and medium businesses, as well as large retail brands such as Adidas (ADSGn.DE), Harmon Kardon and Toms Shoes.

Lightspeed software provides a platform to process transactions, generate receipts and manage inventory for restaurants and other retail segments such as toys, sporting goods and apparel.

"There's a lot of demand. We want to capitalize on this momentum," Chief Executive Dax Dasilva said in an interview.

About 80 percent of its customer base is in North America.

The 10-year old company doubled its revenue last year and is looking to do the same this year, Dasilva said. He declined to say how much revenue Lightspeed generated or if it is making a profit.

The startup is also looking to lay the groundwork in order to go public, if market conditions are favorable, he said.

"We're putting everything in place so that we can have the option to IPO," Dasilva said. "We think it's something that could very well be in our future, so we are preparing for that possibility over the next couple of years as well."

Other Canadian companies that have raised capital this year include Shop.ca, Kik Interactive, Shoes.com, Influitive, Payfirma and Real Matters.

(Editing by David Gregorio) Cisco router break-ins bypass cyber defenses The Cisco Systems logo is seen as part of a display at a technology conference in Chicago, Illinois, May 4, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young

FRANKFURT (Company corrects the 15th paragraph beginning "The malicious programme..." to clarify that the nickname SYNful refers to the signal routers sent to open up communication with other routers, rather than how the implanted software jumps between routers.)

Security researchers say they have uncovered clandestine attacks across three continents on the routers that direct traffic around the Internet, potentially allowing suspected cyberspies to harvest vast amounts of data while going undetected.

In the attacks, a highly sophisticated form of malicious software, dubbed SYNful Knock, has been implanted in routers made by Cisco, the world's top supplier, U.S. security research firm FireEye said on Tuesday.

Routers are attractive to hackers because they operate outside the perimeter of firewalls, anti-virus, behavioral detection software and other security tools that organizations use to safeguard data traffic. Until now, they were considered vulnerable to sustained denial-of-service attacks using barrages of millions of packets of data, but not outright takeover.

"If you own (seize control of) the router, you own the data of all the companies and government organizations that sit behind that router," FireEye Chief Executive Dave DeWalt told Reuters of his company's discovery.

"This is the ultimate spying tool, the ultimate corporate espionage tool, the ultimate cybercrime tool," DeWalt said.

The attacks have hit multiple industries and government agencies, he said.

Cisco confirmed it had alerted customers to the attacks in August and said they were not due to any vulnerability in its own software. Instead, the attackers stole valid network administration credentials from targeted organizations or managed to gain for themselves physical access to the routers.

"We ve shared guidance on how customers can harden their network, and prevent, detect and remediate this type of attack," Cisco said in a statement.

CYBERSPIES SEEN RESPONSIBLE

Altogether FireEye's computer forensic arm Mandiant has so far found 14 instances of the router implants in India, Mexico, Philippines and Ukraine, the company said in a blog post at bit.ly/1ObMm7u. It added that this may be just the tip of the iceberg in terms of yet-to-be-discovered attacks.

Because the attacks actually replace the basic software controlling the routers, infections persist when devices are shut off and restarted. If found to be infected, FireEye said basic software used to control those routers would have to be re-imaged, a time-consuming task for technicians.

Hitherto, infections of commercial routers, while not unknown, have largely remained theoretical threats, DeWalt said, as distinct from routers consumers use at home, which according to media reports have been hit by malware in recent years.

Experts reckon there are only a small number of nations with cyber intelligence services which are capable of such attacks on network equipment, including those of Britain, China, Israel, Russia and the United States.

"That feat is only able to be obtained by a handful of nation-state actors," DeWalt said, while declining to name which countries he suspected might be behind the Cisco router attacks.

The malicious program has been nicknamed "SYNful," a reference to SYN, the signal a router sends when it starts to communicate with another router, a process which the implant exploited, according to FireEye.

Network logs from infected routers suggest the attacks have been taking place for at least a year, FireEye's CEO said.

The implanted software, which duplicates normal router functions, could also potentially affect routers from other makers, DeWalt said.

Infected hardware devices include Cisco routers 1841, 2811 and 3825, FireEye said. Cisco had discontinued selling the products but still supports customers using them.

FireEye said it was only announcing its discovery after working with Cisco to quietly notify governments and affected parties. "We thought it was best to release this so everyone can fix their routers as fast as possible," DeWalt said.

(Additional reporting by Joseph Menn in San Francisco; Editing by Louise Heavens and Greg Mahlich) 
2015-08-10
Google's abc.xyz just put this guy on the map Here's one giant winner in Google's rebranding announcement: Daniel Negari.

Negari is the founder and CEO of XYZ.com, an Internet domain registry that owns alternative suffixes like .rent and .college. His 10-person company also owns .xyz.

Abc.xyz is the web address for Google's new parent entity, Alphabet Inc.

Read MoreDot-com to .pizza: Welcome to the domain rush

"Our registry is lighting up right now," said Negari, in an interview Monday afternoon following Google's announcement. "I'm seeing all kinds of names being registered. I just got 250 names registered in the last 60 seconds. It's crazy."

In a full day, Negari said about 3,000 addresses are typically registered under .xyz. Domains with that extension can be purchased from services such as GoDaddy for $10 a year and Namecheap for a first-year fee of $1.



Negari is cashing in thanks to a 2011 decision by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) designed to expand access to extensions beyond .com, .org and .edu. The market opened up to those websites in 2014.

Of the more than 350 new extensions that are now available, .xyz is by far the most popular, with 1.14 million domains having been registered, according to nTLDstats. The next most active is .science with over 326,000, followed by .club with over 278,000.

Negari, who turned on .xyz to the public in June 2014, declined to say how much Google paid for abc.xyz, citing a confidentiality agreement. To acquire the .xyz extension, Negari paid a mere $185,000 application fee. There were no other applicants, so Negari didn't have to bid in an auction.

A spokesperson from Mountain View, California-based Google said "we have nothing to add here." US Stocks Jump Amid Berkshire Deal as Commodity Shares Rally U.S. stocks gained, with equities rising the most in three months, after Warren Buffett s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agreed to buy Precision Castparts Corp. and commodities-related shares rallied.

Precision Castparts, a maker of equipment for the aerospace and energy industries, jumped 19 percent on the $37.2 billion deal to pace industrials. Boeing Co. advanced 2.4 percent. Energy and raw-materials shares climbed more than 2.5 percent. Apple Inc. rose the most in six months, bouncing after its worst week since January. Google Inc. advanced in late trading after announcing a new holding structure.

The Standard & Poor s 500 Index climbed 1.3 percent to 2,104.18 at 4 p.m. in New York, its biggest gain since May. The Dow Jones Industrial Average halted its longest losing streak since 2011, adding 241.79 points, or 1.4 percent, to 17,615.17. The Nasdaq Composite Index climbed 1.2 percent, and the Russell 2000 Index surged 1.3 percent, the most in a month.

 China started it off with a 5 percent rally, there was another test of the S&P 200-day moving average, plus merger activity with Berkshire and PCP kind of gave the market an excuse to rally,  said Mark Kepner, an equity trader at Themis Trading LLC in Chatham, New Jersey.

China s stocks posted their biggest gain in a month amid speculation the government will accelerate mergers of state-owned enterprises to bolster economic growth. Investors also speculated China will act to prop up growth following a wider-than-expected drop in exports.

Google Change

Google rose 4.7 percent as of 5:01 p.m. after saying Alphabet Inc. will replace Google Inc. as the publicly-traded entity and all shares of Google will automatically convert into the same number of shares of Alphabet, with all of the same rights. Google will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alphabet. Two classes of shares will continue to trade on Nasdaq as GOOGL and GOOG.

The S&P 500 dropped 1.3 percent last week while the Dow posted its longest losing streak in four years, amid a slump in media and biotechnology shares and as Apple Inc. fell into a correction. The S&P 500 has trailed most developed-market gauges this year, while speculators  appetite for stock-market volatility has reached a nine-year high. The gauge closed Monday 1.3 percent below its May record.

Investors will watch economic reports this week, including U.S. retail sales data on Thursday, after a report Friday showed a broad-based gain in hiring. The jobs data boosted the chance of a Federal Reserve rate hike in September by four percentage points to 54 percent, according to futures trading data compiled by Bloomberg.

Fed s Fischer

Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer said in a Bloomberg Television interview Monday that stubbornly low inflation in the U.S. won t persist with the economy near full employment. The Fed is looking for signs that inflation will strengthen toward its 2 percent target before it starts to increase rates.

Kraft Heinz Co. is among companies reporting earnings on Monday, with those from Macy s Inc. and News Corp. due later this week.

Most S&P 500 members have released results this season, of which 74 percent beat profit estimates and about half topped sales projections. Analysts now project a more modest drop in second-quarter earnings, calling for a 2.1 percent fall instead of a 6.4 percent decline a month earlier.

The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index fell 8.7 percent Monday to 12.23. The gauge, known as the VIX, rose 10 percent last week after posting its biggest monthly drop since February. About 6.5 billion shares traded hands on U.S. exchanges, in line with the three-month average.

Nine of the S&P 500 s 10 main groups climbed today, with energy, raw-material and industrial shares rallying the most. Utilities lagged, following the sector s best week in more than two months.

Energy Rebound

A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. measure of the most-shorted stocks rallied 2.6 percent for its best day since February as many of last week s biggest decliners reversed. Apple, which had entered a correction after plunging 13 percent from a high, rallied 3.6 percent Monday.

The energy group posted its biggest jump in nearly seven months, with oil rebounding as China s crude imports surged to a record on a monthly basis. Consol Energy Inc., Diamond Offshore Drilling Inc. and Transocean Ltd. advanced at least 5.4 percent

 Energy prices have been guiding us up or down for awhile and with energy names leading the way, nothing is really down,  said Thomas Garcia, the head of equity trading at Santa Fe, New Mexico-based Thornburg Investment Management Inc.  At this point investors want to get the rate hike done and move on, and with commodity prices moving up a little that s a good thing, as they ve gotten just decimated over the last year. 

Industrials, Materials

Shares of industrial companies gained 1.9 percent, the biggest jump in seven months. Joy Global Inc. added 8.4 percent, the most in more than three years, and Caterpillar Inc. climbed 3.7 percent as the group got a boost from Precision Castparts  19 percent climb and speculation on further stimulus in China.

 One of the biggest fears in the marketplace is not so much the Fed, it s the slowdown in China,  said Andrew Brenner, the head of international fixed income for National Alliance Capital Markets.  If all of a sudden people think the Chinese are going to have serious stimulus, that s going to turn things around. 

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

Materials companies also advanced the most this year, adding 2.5 percent as copper rose from a six-year low after torrential rains in Chile halted work at some of the world s biggest mines. Miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc. rallied 11 percent, the most in six years. Alcoa Inc. rose 7.1 percent, its best rise since October 2013. The Bloomberg Commodity Index jumped 2.4 percent, the biggest climb in six months.

Texas Instruments Inc. gained 3.5 percent to the highest in more than a month after the shares were raised to outperform from neutral at Macquarie Research. Semiconductors in the benchmark index had their strongest gain in more than two months. Intel Corp. and Avago Technologies Ltd. climbed at least 2.6 percent.

Dean Foods Co. shares lost 2.9 percent after the company declined to offer an explanation for the sudden resignation of its board chairman. Shares earlier fell nearly 18 percent before trimming their decline. Google's Alphabet Reorganizes Business, Leadership Wells Fargo CFO Says Scandal Costs Will Abate This Year

45:15 - Wells Fargo CFO John Shrewsberry discusses the company's first-quarter earnings and the fallout from the bank's fake-account scandal. He speaks with Bloomberg's Julie Hyman, Joe Weisenthal and Abigail Doolittle on "What'd You Miss?" (Source: Bloomberg) Google Inc says plans for new operating structure; says Alphabet Inc will replace Google Inc as publicly-traded entity  
2015-08-16
Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know  
2015-07-31
Uber valued at about $51 billion after latest funding round: WSJ The logo of car-sharing service app Uber on a smartphone over a reserved lane for taxis in a street is seen in this photo illustration taken in Madrid on December 10, 2014. REUTERS/Sergio Perez

Uber Technologies Inc has closed a new round of funding that values the online taxi-hailing company at nearly $51 billion, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the matter.

Uber raised close to $1 billion in the round, bringing its total funding to more than $5 billion, WSJ reported on Friday, citing one of the people.

Investors in the latest round include Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) and the Indian media conglomerate Bennett Coleman & Co's Times Internet, the report said.

However, Bloomberg, citing a person with knowledge of the matter, reported that Microsoft was considering the investment and hasn't made a final decision.

"We filed to authorize this new funding more than two months ago," Kristin Carvell, a spokeswoman for Uber said in an email.

"We aren't commenting on additional speculation," she said.

Uber said in March that Times Internet would invest "well under" one billion rupees ($16 million) as part of a "strategic partnership".

Times Internet is the digital arm of Bennett Coleman & Co, which also runs India's largest English language daily, "Times of India".

Uber said on Thursday it would invest $1 billion in India over the next nine months, as it looks to expand its services in its biggest market outside the United States.

Uber, which already has investors such as Google Inc (GOOGL.O) and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N), operates in 57 countries.

Times Internet couldn't be reached for comment outside regular business hours. Microsoft declined to comment.

(Reporting by Kshitiz Goliya and Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Siddharth Cavale) Facebook CEO Zuckerberg and wife expecting a baby girl Mark Zuckerberg (R), founder and CEO of Facebook, and wife Priscilla Chan arrive on the red carpet during the 2nd annual Breakthrough Prize Award in Mountain View, California November 9, 2014. REUTERS/Stephen Lam

SAN FRANCISCO Facebook Inc Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg and his wife, Priscilla Chan, are expecting a baby girl, he said on his Facebook page on Friday.

The couple, who married in 2012, have been trying to have a child and had three miscarriages, he wrote. Zuckerberg, 31, did not say when their daughter is due but said the pregnancy was far enough along that the risk of miscarriage was low.

"We hope that sharing our experience will give more people the same hope we felt and will help more people feel comfortable sharing their stories," wrote the founder of the world's largest social media network.

Zuckerberg, who often uses his Facebook page to make both corporate and personal announcements, opened up about the emotions he and Chan, who is a doctor, have felt while trying to have children. He wrote about the hope they felt upon learning about each pregnancy.

"You start making plans, and then they're gone. It's a lonely experience," he posted. "Most people don't discuss miscarriages because you worry your problems will distance you or reflect upon you. So you struggle on your own."

Zuckerberg noted that Chan, 30, and their child are both healthy and that he would share more as her due date approached.

"In our ultrasound, she even gave a thumbs up 'like' with her hand," he wrote, "so I'm already convinced she takes after me."

The couple met at Harvard University as classmates and dated for more than a decade before tying the knot.

(Reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Stephen R. Trousdale and Richard Chang) 
2015-02-12
HP moves annual meeting online-only as CEO face time fades Meg Whitman, chief executive officer and president of Hewlett-Packard, speaks during the grand opening of the company's Executive Briefing Center in Palo Alto, California January 16, 2013. REUTERS/Stephen Lam

BOSTON Hewlett-Packard Co will become the largest company to hold an online-only annual shareholder meeting this March, joining a trend toward virtual conferences that some activists worry keeps CEOs off the hotseat.

The Silicon Valley technology giant announced in a Feb. 2 securities filing that its March 18 shareholder meeting will be online only, a move that follows in the footsteps of dozens of other companies including Sprint Corp and Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia Inc.

HP spokeswoman Sarah Pompei said the new format is cheaper, and will allow for "increased stockholder attendance and participation." She added that shareholders would be able to send in questions ahead of time via the web.

But the move also means that HP's CEO Meg Whitman - the Republican nominee to be California s governor in 2010 - will not have to appear in person when shareholders likely ask her about the company's planned split later this year, or grill her for details of the company's blueprint for growth.

John Chevedden, a private shareholder activist who has a proposal scheduled to be voted on at the HP meeting, said an in-person event would help shareholders judge Whitman and other executives.

"It's that live interaction you need to see how can she think on her feet, and does her plan stand up?" Chevedden said.

Virtual shareholder meetings have been gaining traction in recent years, but still represent just a tiny fraction of the corporate universe. Broadridge Financial Solutions Inc, the main provider of systems for the online webcasts, said it had helped stage 53 online-only meetings last year, up from 35 in 2013 and 27 in 2012.

Broadridge also hosts "hybrid" annual meetings that combine the webcasts with traditional gatherings. The hybrid format is preferred by many activists, large pension funds and asset managers, because they feature CEOs facing shareholders in person, while also expanding to the virtual audience.

"Our preference is for a hybrid meeting. But the technology is moving, so it's something we're watching," Philip Larrieu, an investment officer at the California State Teachers' Retirement System, or CalSTRS, said. He said the pension system will closely watch HP's online-only meeting.

Online-only meetings have drawn heavy criticism from shareholder activists since a glitch-filled event staged by Broadridge for security firm Symantec Corp in 2010. Broadridge says it has since worked with CalSTRS and others to improve the webcasts.

(Reporting by Ross Kerber; Editing by Richard Valdmanis and Andrew Hay) Exclusive - Survey: Trouble for Amazon Prime's two-day deliveries? Employees arrive for work at an Amazon Fulfillment Center, ahead of the Christmas rush, in Tracy, California, November 30, 2014. REUTERS/Noah Berger

Workers prepare outgoing shipments at an Amazon Fulfillment Center, ahead of the Christmas rush, in Tracy, California, in this file photo from November 30, 2014. REUTERS/Noah Berger/Files

SAN FRANCISCO/CHICAGO Amazon.com Inc packages ordered by its Prime members regularly arrived late during the holidays, a Reuters/Ipsos survey shows, reflecting the strain on the logistics network that transformed the company into an e-commerce powerhouse.

Customer satisfaction with Prime is extremely high - 96 percent are happy with its two-day shipping service, the survey revealed. But the results raise questions for Amazon as it expands and takes greater control of its shipping system.

Amazon said the survey was flawed and disputed its findings.

The $99-a-year service was launched a decade ago with the guarantee of standard, reliable two-day shipping on online orders. Prime has since become the cornerstone of Amazon's growth - and a testing ground for new services ranging from TV and video to delivery-by-drone.

Amazon said U.S. Prime memberships increased 50 percent last year. Analysts reckon that the largest U.S. online retailer now promises standard two-day shipping to what amounts to nearly one-third of U.S. households.

In the Reuters/Ipsos poll conducted last month, 10 percent of about 1,700 Amazon shoppers who chose the two-day shipping option said packages ordered between Nov. 1 and Dec. 31 did not arrive on the expected day.

Greg Greeley, head of Prime, said the Reuters figures on delay sounded "very suspect" and that Amazon monitors the issue very closely.

"Our internal data shows significantly better results," an Amazon spokeswoman added, without providing specific figures. "But any miss is an error and we continue to work very hard to ensure fast, reliable and accurate delivery for customers."

The survey figures reflect the complexity and high cost of shipping orders from distribution centers to customer's homes -the so-called "last mile."

"As Amazon keeps raising the bar, it keeps raising the business risk for itself because the last mile is a messy place," said Bhaskar Chakravorti, senior associate dean for international business and finance at Tufts University's The Fletcher School.

Satisfaction rates could erode if the late shipping problems continue, said Hayley Silver, a vice president at e-commerce researcher Bizrate Insights.  Some customers will remain Prime members because they love the other aspects Prime offers them. Some may not because on-time delivery was the most important thing to them,  she said. Others will simply order earlier, Silver added.

SPEED MERCHANTS

Amazon has increasingly tapped local and regional package delivery companies to cut costs and improve speeds. None of the firms Amazon lists as delivery partners on its website would comment for this article.

This is the first time Reuters has conducted this survey, so it is unclear how Amazon fared in the past. In addition, Reuters did not compare delays at Amazon with other retailers. The Reuters/Ipsos survey had a credibility interval of plus or minus 1.4 percentage points.

Amazon's net shipping costs as a percentage of revenue have remained relatively constant over the last several years, at about 4.7 percent.

However, Amazon and other shippers continue to worry about rising costs. Early this month, United Parcel Service Inc said it would begin applying surcharges to deliver packages to homes. UPS, which reported that its earnings were hit by holiday shipping expenses, said its own cost to deliver a package to a residence are three times more than to a business.

Guaranteed two-day shipping on items as low as a few dollars - such as $5.17 for a set of measuring spoons - costs Amazon big. Prime is also the vehicle for Amazon's other pricey ventures, including film and television production, same-day shipping and even one-hour delivery in New York.

The challenge posed by Prime's growing popularity and scope has not gone unnoticed at Amazon, which is trying to speed deliveries and take more control of the process.

One of Amazon's chief concerns is it does not have control of the entire delivery from warehouse to consumer, said former employees who spoke on condition of anonymity.

For years, the company has been testing ways to take more control of the last mile, those ex-employees said. Those steps include building its own local delivery fleet and using the trucks designated for its Amazon Fresh grocery service to deliver orders.

This mirrors what Amazon has already done in the United Kingdom. The online retailer previously outsourced delivery to local firms, but customers complained in large numbers during the 2012 holiday peak season when packages went astray.

So Amazon began creating its own "fast, last-mile delivery networks in the U.K. where commercial carriers couldn't support our peak volumes," CEO Jeff Bezos said in his annual shareholders letter last year. "And there is more invention to come."

(Reporting by Deepa Seetharaman, Nick Carey and Peter Henderson; Edited by Peter Henderson, Hank Gilman and Ken Wills) 
2015-02-13
The Lost Letters Of The Alphabet It's easy to think of the alphabet we recite and use as something fixed but, like almost everything in language, it changes. We call it Roman, but the Romans wouldn't have recognized our 'J,' 'U' or 'W.' Their 'I' covered the noise we usually make with 'J,' and their 'V' covered some of the sounds we denote with 'U' and 'W.' Another twist of history, the origins of English do not lie with the Romans but with the Germanic peoples of northern Europe. However, in the time when these folks thought that migrating to the British Isles was a good idea, they didn't use the Roman alphabet. The few of them who could write used runes.

These beautiful letters, many of them looking like diagrams of depleted feathers, have their own story but they can be spotted on monuments and stones all over the British Isles. There's also a famous runestone in Solem, Minnesota, discovered by a Swedish-American farmer in 1898. The inscription reads to the effect that a bunch of Norwegians camped out there in 1362, but 10 of them ended up 'red with blood and dead'. I won't dare to enter the debate as to whether this is a genuine Viking job or not. As far as the good people of Solem are concerned, it's the real deal.

Back with the migrants into the British Isles, usually described as 'Anglo-Saxons' and usually reported as turning up just as the Romans were leaving. In they come speaking their Germanic lingo, writing their runes. Yet, within a couple of a hundred years they are writing with what was largely a 'Roman' alphabet. For those who were literate, this would be as big a leap as, say, the English-speaking world of today deciding to switch from the Roman alphabet to, say, the Russian, whilst still speaking English.

As is often the case with language, the change wasn't a straight swap. Some of the old system lingered on. Open a page of Old English (or 'Anglo-Saxon', as some call it), and you'll recognize most letters but not all. And strictly speaking, it's this m lange that is the parent of the alphabet I'm using as I write now, and the Roman alphabet is more like a grandparent. So, let's say you were looking at the unique manuscript of the epic poem Beowulf, sitting in the British Library in London. It was written on 'vellum,' in this case meaning sheep-skin -- and as it's a long poem, that was a whole flock's worth of sheep's skins. It was written down in around the year 1000, almost certainly by a monk and disappears from view until we see it in 1731 flying out of the window of the Sir Robert Cotton's library with flames licking round it.

Some of the letters on the pages of Beowulf have old English names like 'thorn,' 'wynn,' 'ash,' 'eth' and 'ethel' whilst another, 'insular g' is a scholar's name. Though we would recognize the sounds that these letters denoted, we use the letters of the modern alphabet to do that job today. One extreme oddity here, though, is the fate of the thorn which denoted the sound we make when saying the 'th' of 'thorn' but also the 'th' of 'them.' As scribes morphed the way they wrote it, (from a kind of 'p' looking creature to something more like a capital 'Y,' it hung about in manuscripts as the first letter of the word 'the'. If you have ever wandered past a tea-shop or bakery in England which was trying to look old or quaint, it may well have called itself 'Ye olde Tea Shoppe' or 'Ye Olde Cake Roomes' or some such. The 'Ye' is not really a 'yee' at all. It's a bizarre survival of the thorn.

Wynn, which also looks something like a 'p' (!) did the job of our 'w' but this one faded altogether without trace in the modern era. The eth also did the job that our 'th' does, but looked either like our capital 'D' or our 'd' with a line across it. Ash and ethel are much more recognizable in that up until quite recently in British English we wrote 'encyclopedia' as 'encyclop dia' and fetus as 'f tus.' Thorn, wynn, ash and ethel were survivors from the runic alphabets. Those Old English monks didn't give up entirely on their old ways. Experts in the matter will tell you that the more modern uses of ash and ethel are not really runes, but Roman ligatures -- the tying together of 'a' and 'e,' and 'o' and 'e.' Even so, I like to think that there's something of an echo there of that runic writing.

But why did the Anglo-Saxons adopt the Roman alphabet and why did we lose the pure runic letters co-existing with it? The most obvious reason for adopting it was religion. Christianity spread across Europe written down in Latin. Given that almost all literate peoples were themselves Christians, we can guess that it became more convenient to write with the same letter-system as the one they were reading -- especially as most of what they wrote was in itself religious. Even so, as we've seen, they clung to a few runes. Maybe they were their security blankets to a much-loved heathen past.

But disappear they did. The main reason -- culprits even -- seem to be the group who scholars call 'French scribes.' The great watershed moment for the fate of the English language was the invasion in 1066 of the Norman French. Over the next few hundred years, Old English and Norman French went through a kind of merger. Other inputs came from the French from central France and Latin from religious and legal sources. At the level of people writing things down, scribes of French origin seem to have ruled the roost. And it seems as if they didn't like those old folksy runes. Nor did they like one more of the disappeared letter clan, the 'yogh,' which appeared and disappeared between about 1100 and 1300.

It may for a moment seem incredible that something as important as the existence or nonexistence of our letters could be decided by a small group of scribblers. However, as I've said the a e and o e ligatures have almost entirely disappeared from English writing -- something that was probably more decided by the makers of keyboards than any linguist or Minister of Culture. In the olden times, children used to recite the alphabet and said "and per se 'and'" on the end to indicate that they were reciting the alphabet and the sign, '&.' The name for this is 'ampersand' -- a squashed up pronunciation of "and per se 'and,'" with 'per se' meaning 'on its own' or 'for itself.'

One other disappearance worth noting is the upright 's' which looks rather too much like 'f' for comfort, or rather too much for the amusement of people who like seeing forbidden words in print. The Shakespeare song, 'Where the bee sucks, there suck I' in the original printed version of the First Folio looks rather as if the bee is up to something else altogether. Good for a laugh but had to be excised.

Perhaps @ will become an alphabet letter one day, though strictly speaking it's a 'sign' as it denotes a word rather than a multi-purpose letter. Incidentally, what do you call it? 'The 'at' sign'? All over the world people are calling it something else, like 'spider-monkey.' Or my favorite, from Denmark -- 'roll-mop'. I quite like the idea of reciting an alphabet with a roll-mop on the end.

Michael Rosen is the author of Alphabetical: How Every Letter Tells A Story (Counterpoint, $25.00). You'll Never Guess Who is Buying Up Verizon Communications Inc's Scraps If you've been wondering how Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) and AT&T (NYSE:T) plan to pay for their massive spectrum auction bids, the answer is twofold but very simple. AT&T is largely issuing new debt to balance out that $18 billion expense; Verizon prefers to sell off surplus assets to finance its $10 billion spectrum spree.

In fact, Verizon is lightening its asset portfolio more than the spectrum auction would require. In a couple separate deals, Big Red is raising more than $15 billion via asset sales. That choice was forced on Verizon by a smothering $108 billion long-term debt balance.

By contrast, AT&T's debt portfolio stops at just $70.5 billion, but then Ma Bell didn't have to spend $130 billion to buy its own wireless network back from a foreign partner. That's why AT&T is willing and able to take on new debt today while Verizon can't and won't.

So, first and foremost, Verizon just sold $10.5 billion's worth of its wireline assets to landline specialist Frontier Networks (NASDAQ:FTR).

I'm talking about Verizon's hardwired interests in Florida, California, and Texas -- three massive markets that will more than double Frontier's annual revenue in one fell swoop. These three states represent one-third of Verizon's consumer wireline operations. The bundle going to Frontier includes not just the rapidly shrinking copper-based phone line business, but also the growing FiOS fiber-based Internet and digital television service.

Fifty-four pecent of the transferred territories already support FiOS products, leaving Frontier with an easier path toward blanketing its markets in high-speed fiber coverage. In case you missed it, the FCC just raised the bar for what service providers can market as "broadband," and it's almost impossible to qualify for the new limits with DSL signals delivered over twisted pair copper wires.

That means fiber is the only reasonable way forward. Frontier's fiber coverage currently stops at just 10% of the homes it serves. Fiber installations can be both slow and expensive, so the deal with Verizon is a shot of adrenaline right into Frontier's next-generation ambitions.

But wait -- there's more!

Verizon is also selling or leasing out 11,500 wireless towers to American Tower (NYSE:AMT) in a deal valued at $5.1 billion.

American Tower is buying a handful of Verizon's towers and leasing the rights to over 11,000 sites. The average term of these leases is 28 years, with built-in sublease agreements guaranteeing Verizon some space in these towers for at least a decade ahead. At the end of these contracts, American Tower can choose to buy the towers outright, but the subleases will live on. Taken to their full term, some contracts could last for 50 years.

Here, Verizon is taking a quick cash payment and reducing its wireless operating costs for the foreseeable future. In return, American Tower grows its domestic tower count by 40% and will finally match chief rival Crown Castle International's (NYSE:CCI) American tower count. American Tower CEO Jim Taiclet called the Verizon towers "under-utilized," and said he looks forward to reselling this new capacity across all four of the major wireless carriers.

This deal is very similar to the 2013 agreement under which AT&T unloaded more than 9,000 sites to the tower operator.

Verizon probably should apply the extra $5 billion to paying down some of its stifling debt load, but it has chosen a different path. In the same press release, Verizon also announced a $5 billion boost to its share buyback program.

To put that move into perspective, Verizon could reduce its share count by about 2.5% by using up that allowance at current market prices. In just the past year, Verizon's stock has moved that much or more in a single day on five different occasions. If I were a Verizon shareholder, I'd much prefer a chunky debt repayment here.

Recapping what's in it for everyone involved: Verizon is dumping some $15 billion of its assets to pay for spectrum licenses and a hefty buyback program. These deals are potentially game changing for the buyers, since Frontier more than doubles in size overnight and American Tower grows its American presence by 40%. Will Amazon Or Google Be The GoPro Of The Drone Market? By Michelle Jones

From Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), to Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) and Alibaba Group (NYSE:BABA), drones are quickly turning into the next big thing. While unmanned aircraft are currently just niche products, applications for them in all parts of life are being explored. One day drones will probably be a part of everyone s daily lives.

In a report dated Feb. 11, Nomura Holdings analysts Leping Huang, Ph.D., David Hao and Rex Wu shared their views on the opportunities that will be available in the civil drone market. They believe today s drones fall into the category GoPro Inc (NASDAQ:GPRO) s active video cameras once did. They also think that just as GoPro s cameras are becoming ultra-popular outside of their niche, so civil drones will be one day as well.

Where can civil drones be used?

The Nomura team sees numerous applications for civil drones and notes that many industries are already using them. Of course drones were first used by the military, but civil drones are quite a bit different. All images in this article are courtesy Nomura (additional credits listed on images where applicable).

The analysts say that currently the drone industry is seeing strong demand in several areas. For example, they re being used in recreation, especially in Hollywood for filmmaking. Drones are also being used by BP for oil and gas inspections and to send humanitarian aid into areas in need of relief.

Google and Facebook have also been making headlines with their innovations in the world of drones. Google has been testing delivery drones for its Project Wing, putting it in direct competition with Amazon, which has also been testing its own delivery drones. Amazon is now on its 11th generation drone for its Prime Air delivery service. Chinese e-commerce giant is in the process of trying out delivery drones as well.

There have also been reports that Google is building a robot army of sorts. Also Facebook management has talked about using drones to deliver Wi-Fi internet access to parts of the world that currently don t have access.

Drone industry growing quickly

New technology is always very expensive, but prices for drones are starting to come down, with some being available for as little as $500. The Consumer Electronics Association estimates that this year, there will be 425,000 civil drones sold this year and that they will sell for a cumulative $130 million, a 50% year over year increase.

Regulators have yet to catch up with the drone industry, as the Nomura analysts note, saying there is still  a lack of adequate regulatory framework  in the drone market. For example, the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration defines drones as  model aircraft  that are only for  hobby and recreational use only  and can fly only up to 400 feet and carry no more than 55 pounds.

For now, most commercial drones are grounded, but lawmakers have ordered the FAA to add drones into the U.S. airspace by this coming September. Clearly this is something they should do as soon as possible. Last month a drone flew into the airspace over the White House, causing a lockdown that lasted for two hours.

In Europe, integration of drones into airspace has been ordered to happen by 2016, and they will be required to have an operating mass that s no bigger than 150 kilograms. Drones are also required to be used for  research, experimental or scientific purposes,  according to Nomura.

In China, regulators look at civil drones as a  general aviation aircraft,  and the Nomura team doesn t expect this to change anytime soon.

Drones already in use

But regulators had better catch up quickly, as drones are already growing in popularity. In fact, according to the Nomura team, the production crews for Transformers: Age of Extinction and Expendables 3 actually used drones to shoot scenes for the films.

The FAA does show signs of catching up though, as it has granted a number of exceptions 24 of the 342 requested exceptions, to be exact. Those were for uses of aerial surveying, construction and inspections of oil refinery flare stacks.

The value chain of a drone

So which companies will benefit from the rise of drones? Most of the companies are private Chinese companies, although there is one familiar name on the list. GoPro will actually benefit because many drones will need the types of cameras and camera stabilizers the company makes. However the company faces stiff competition from Sunny Optical, which already holds more than 70% of the global civil drone market share, according to the Nomura team.

The analysts list five main components of a drone. In addition to the camera stabilizer, drones need an autopilot system, an image transmission system, a copter platform and a ground station.

And if these private companies follow in GoPro s footsteps because of the increasing popularity of drones, then we could one day see them go public. Nomura analysts put together a list of companies that will probably be key players in the drone market. Rocket Internet raises fresh capital after food spending spree FRANKFURT Germany's Rocket Internet went to investors with a capital hike just four months after its stock flotation, asking for fresh funds following a 1 billion euro spending spree that targets online food takeaway businesses as the next big thing.

The Berlin-based company, Europe's biggest Internet player thanks to its stakes in more than 100 start-ups ranging from fashion to finance, raised 1.4 billion euros ($1.6 billion) in its October IPO. It added a further 588 million euros on Friday that it said would allow it to continue to look around.

So far Rocket has ploughed the bulk of the money it has raised into investments in online takeaway food and grocery delivery start-ups that it says has created the largest takeout food delivery network outside China.

Shares of the volatile stock fell 10 percent then trimmed that to close down just 2.5 percent, as many investors looked past the dilutive effect of increasing its share base by 7.8 percent. The stock remains 23 percent above its opening initial public offering price.

"It makes perfect sense to be opportunistic and raise more capital," said Union Investment fund manager Michael Muders, an IPO investor who still holds the stock. "They are becoming the biggest gorilla in the room" in many markets.

The plunge into food delivery was only a small part of the story Rocket sold investors in its IPO prospectus, which described a general-purpose e-commerce strategy with many lines of business, using cash to turn a string of minority stakes into majority ones.

But its Chief Executive Oliver Samwer says he has cracked the code of takeaway delivery with a strategy that now targets 5 million neighborhoods in more than 64 countries, using central technology functions run from its Berlin headquarters.

He argues Rocket can win over consumers and local restaurants to a vastly superior online food takeaway approach, displacing a tired old market that relies on random menu drops, time-consuming phone orders and error-prone food deliveries.

"I feel like the year 1998 again, (when) we hit the jackpot," Samwer told an investor meeting last week, where he revealed Rocket's push into what he called a vast and potentially highly profitable food delivery business that can generate consistent 40 percent operating margins.

1998 was the watershed year of the dot-com era and the year before Samwer and his two brothers founded, then quickly sold, German online auction firm Alando.de to eBay for $43 million.

GLOBE-HOPPING

Since then, the Samwer Brothers have built and sold German versions of eBay, Facebook, Groupon and others. They describe Rocket as an Amazon or Alibaba for the rest of the world.

While rivals dominate in the United States, Europe and China, Rocket is staking out the rest of the world, targeting emerging markets across Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East and Eastern Europe, a globe-hopping strategy that Samwer compares to international telecoms giant Vodafone.

This dot-com revival story makes Rocket prized by its mostly institutional shareholder base as a high-growth play on Web and emerging market trends, despite risks. Many see it as a launchpad for future stock market listings of everything from online fashion to home furnishings to personal finance firms.

But disbelievers question an emerging markets strategy that puts Rocket in highly unpredictable places, backing companies with short track records and small initial revenues that make valuing the parent company tricky.

Sarah Simon, an analyst with brokerage Berenberg, one of Rocket's IPO underwriters, warned in a November research report that the company's cash-hungry spending ways could eventually limit its ability to take bigger stakes in future investments.

Despite these risks, she said that Rocket has had a low failure rate, achieving a return of 39 times on cash invested.

Samwer told investors Rocket's latest moves propel it into "the biggest market you can be in ... the emerging frontier of e-commerce: food and groceries."

(Additional reporting by Lionel Laurent and Simon Jessop in London; Editing by Sophie Walker) Baidu Inc (ADR) Stumbles -- Why This Could Be Your Opportunity The parent company of the largest search engine in China, Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU), reported earnings yesterday, and the market was not pleased. When stocks began trading on Thursday, shares of the company were down by as much as 6%, eventually down 4.5% for the day. While that may be disappointing for current shareholders, it should be music to the ears of those who are looking to purchase more of the Chinese giant.

Read on to find out why.

Short-term-itis at its finest

Baidu earnings results were certain to be disappointing for a market that likes to look days and weeks into the future, instead of years and decades. The company missed by a hair on revenues, a much larger margin on earnings, and offered up disappointing guidance for the first quarter of 2015.

Q4 Revenue Q4 EPS Q1 Revenue

Outlook Expected $2.27 billion $1.60 $2.20 billion Actual $2.26 billion $1.45 $2.07 billion

While all of these may seem like minor blips, it is worth noting that the stock currently trades for about 34 times earnings, so any type of disappointment over the short-term was likely to have an outsized effect on the stock price.

But for long-term investors, an opportunity rears its head

Transitioning from a search company focused on PCs to mobile devices was not easy for Baidu, but it has now mastered the mobile realm. Revenue from mobile devices eclipsed PCs in December 2014 for the first time. That is crucial, as there are hundreds of millions of Chinese citizens yet to come online, and when they do, most will do so on a much more affordable mobile device.

But as fellow Fool Rick Munarriz discussed yesterday, that transition does not come without its drawbacks: "[A]dvertisers just don't want to pay as much to reach someone on the phone as they did on the desktop or laptop."

Pair that with R&D expenses that rose 69% and SG&A costs that ballooned 89%, and you can see how the pairing of lower revenue and higher spending could spook short-term investors.

But I suspect that this will not be the case for long. The same thing happened with Google and even Facebook -- companies wanted proof that ads on mobile devices were effective before they were willing to pay up for these impressions. So far, things have worked out quite well for the two companies, and I believe they will for Baidu as well.

Perhaps the most important oracle of things to come is provided by two separate reports from eMarketer. I have combined the figures to show how the advertising landscape will change in China over the next four years.

Between 2014 and the end of 2018, Chinese companies are expected to grow their advertising budgets from about $50 billion to $67 billion. What is astounding is that virtually every cent of increase between now and then is going to come from a shift to mobile advertising.

If there is one takeaway from the Baidu earnings release, it is this: Management knows about this trend and is investing everything it has into making sure that the company can capitalize on this once-in-a-lifetime shift.

We could talk until we are blue in the face about the fact that daily mobile searches per user were up 22%, that the company has a 42% market share in Chinese mobile apps, or that revenue from video has doubled in the past year.

But in the end, the chart above is the key to it all and helps the long-term investor understand that while slowing revenue growth may create short-term pain, focusing on lower-margin mobile ads right now is setting the company up for long-term dominance for years to come. 3 Simple Reasons Facebook Inc. Is a Better Buy Than Twitter Inc. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) represent two opposing sides of the social networking industry. Facebook's goal is clear: to connect users to family and friends, then simplify the sharing of personal thoughts, photos, and videos. Twitter's ultimate goal is more nebulous -- it's used more frequently to follow celebrities and companies on soapboxes, but it's also diversifying into media partnerships, mobile payments, video sharing, and group messaging.

As potential investments, the distinction between Facebook and Twitter is as clear night and day. Therefore, let's take a look at three simple reasons Facebook is a better long-term investment than Twitter in my book.

1. Follow the money

Simply put: while Facebook is profitable, Twitter isn't. Last quarter, Facebook's revenue rose 58% year over year to $12.47 billion as net income grew 34% to $701 million. Twitter's fourth quarter revenue rose 97% to $479 million, but it reported a net loss of $125 million -- which was nonetheless an improvement over a loss of $511 million in the prior year quarter.

Twitter attributes most of that loss to $177 million in stock-based compensation expenses. In other words, Twitter paid 37% of its quarterly revenue back to employees as bonuses -- the highest percentage of any stock in the S&P 1500. Handing out more stock options also dilutes existing shareholders' holdings, meaning that Twitter enriches employees at the expense of investors, even as its bottom line remains in the red.

Twitter's stock is also fundamentally pricier than Facebook's. Twitter trades at 61 times forward earnings, while Facebook has a forward P/E of 29. Facebook's five-year PEG ratio of 1.2, based on Thomson Reuters estimates, is also lower than Twitter's PEG of 1.7, indicating that its bottom line growth could continue outpacing Twitter's.

2. User growth

Last quarter, Facebook's monthly active users (MAUs) rose 13% year over year to 1.39 billion. That's a moderate slowdown from the 15%, 14%, and 14% MAU growth Facebook respectively reported in the first three quarters of 2014. However, we should recall that Facebook also owns WhatsApp and Instagram. WhatsApp's active users rose 63% year over year to 700 million in January, while Instagram's active users doubled to 300 million between September 2013 and December 2014.

Twitter CEO Dick Costolo once claimed that the social network would hit 400 million MAUs by the end of 2013. But in the fourth quarter, MAUs only rose 20% YOY to 288 million. That was a notable slowdown from the 25%, 24%, and 23% MAU growth Twitter respectively reported in the first three quarters of 2014. Twitter also owns Instagram rival Vine, which gives it roughly 40 million more registered (albeit not necessarily active) users.

In terms of average revenue per user (ARPU) based on their core sites, Facebook has an ARPU of $2.77 per quarter, compared to Twitter's quarterly ARPU of $1.66.

3. User value

To generate advertising revenue from marketers, both Facebook and Twitter need users to remain on their site to view more ads.

According to Alexa, the average Facebook user spends nearly 19 minutes per day on the site, compared to just over seven minutes daily per Twitter user. This means that marketers likely value Facebook's News Feed, display, and video ads more than Twitter's Promoted Tweets, Trends, and Accounts.

Nonetheless, Twitter's ARPU has risen over the past year despite its sluggish MAU growth, climbing 69% between the first and fourth quarters of 2014. By comparison, Facebook's ARPU rose 42% during that period. Twitter managed to boost ARPU by bolting on more services like marketing integration with TV ads, video ads, and cross-promotion hashtags with companies.

However, Twitter recently made a lopsided deal with Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), which allows Tweets to appear in Google's search results. If users click on Google's link, they will bypass Twitter's News Feed and go straight to the tweet. Twitter believes that this strategy will encourage more users to log in or sign up to read the tweet, but it undermines the value of the News Feed and could throttle ARPU growth.

By comparison, demand for Facebook's ads runs so high that the company limits the amount of ads it displays each quarter to drive up prices. That strategy has worked beautifully -- last quarter, the average cost of a Facebook ad rose 335% as it displayed 65% less ads than a year earlier.

The future

In addition to being profitable and posting better ARPU growth, Facebook has more ambitious plans for the future, including a LinkedIn (NYSE:LNKD)-like enterprise network, VR headsets, and a possible expansion into healthcare networking. Twitter, on the other hand, will likely face an identity crisis as it adds more services to become a smaller, more disorganized version of Facebook. 3 Reasons Cisco Systems, Inc Stock Could Rise Following what can only be described as a successful fiscal 2015 Q2, and the subsequent jump in share price to a 52-week high, some investors might suggest it's a bit late to consider Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO). At one point on Wednesday, after-hours trading pushed Cisco's stock price over 10% before "settling" around 8% higher.

But before prospective growth and income investors kick themselves for missing the Cisco train, there are several reasons to still consider it for the long term. Sure, momentum is pushing Cisco's stock price up toward consensus analyst target price estimates of $30, but those will likely be adjusted upward after yet another strong quarter. Most importantly, Cisco's share price pop goes well beyond trading momentum, there's substance behind its stellar performance.

Lean, mean, technology machine

The numbers were bordering on gaudy: Revenue in Cisco's fiscal 2015 Q2 jumped to $11.94 billion, above analyst estimate's of $11.8 billion, and obliterating 2014's second quarter of $11.16 billion. As impressive as Cisco's top line was, more telling was its earnings-per-share improvement.

On a GAAP basis (including one-time items), Cisco improved earnings a whopping 70% year over year, from $0.27 a share to $0.46 a share. After removing one-time items, Cisco's $0.53 a share was a bottom-line improvement of nearly 13%. Great news, but what makes Cisco's per-share earnings growth more impressive was how it came about.

Generally, when a company generates nearly $800 million more revenue compared to the year-ago quarter, expenses jump accordingly. After all, it costs more to make more, right?

One of the more telling aspects of Cisco's just-completed quarter was how efficiently it grew. Despite the aforementioned jump in revenues, Cisco's total operating expenses increased a mere $184 million. Couple that with its $358 million decline in sales costs, and Cisco actually invested less this quarter than a year ago, yet generated significantly more revenue.

The Internet of Everything

By now, most folks have heard of the Internet of Things (IoT), or as Cisco CEO John Chambers calls it, the Internet of Everything. The notion of connecting people with the world around them to form a seamless partnership between man and machines is already taking hold, and expectations are sky-high that IoT in general will become a huge industry.

Within IoT there are several niche markets, including connected cars, homes, and infrastructure to name but a few. It's in this last area of IoT that Cisco is quickly becoming a leading player. Cisco is fine letting Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) use its Nest smart thermostat as a hub to dominate the smart home market, another area of IoT expected to explode. Why? Because an even faster-growing area of IoT is smart cities, and Cisco is leading the pack there.

Developing smart cities offers early entrants like Cisco almost unlimited upside. One research company suggests smart cities will become a $1.5 trillion industry over the next 10 years. So when Cisco announced yet another in a series of deals this past quarter with Santiago, Chile, to "smarten" up its infrastructure, it's worth standing up and taking notice. And Santiago follows news of similar deals with Berlin, Hamburg, and a laundry list of other cities around the globe.

Sharing the wealth

Before announcing Q2 earnings, Cisco's dividend yield of 2.8% was already near the top of its industry. Longtime competitor IBM (NYSE:IBM) -- now a partner in a new venture to offer customers a combined infrastructure and storage solution -- is another that pays its shareholders a sound dividend yield. Unfortunately, not all tech companies follow Cisco's and IBM's dividend-paying lead.

But Cisco certainly has no problem taking care of its shareholders. After its impressive financial performance last quarter, Cisco announced it was increasing its dividend -- again -- about 10%, and will begin paying shareholders a quarterly dividend of $0.21 a share, up from $0.19. At its current share price of $29 in early trading on Thurs, Cisco's dividend yield is nearly 3%.

In addition to putting Cisco near the top of the tech industry's growth and income list, the latest dividend hike is its fifth in the last four years, and it clearly demonstrates management's commitment to its owners. That's the kind of shareholder-first philosophy, along with its long-term growth potential, that should move Cisco up on an investor's watchlist. 
2015-12-04
Alphabet Inc. Is Crushing Apple Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. in This Growing Market Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Chromecast is the best-selling media-streaming device in the world, according to research firm Strategy Analytics. The firm estimates that Google's device claimed 35% of the market during the third quarter, followed by 20% for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) TV and 16% for both Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Fire TV and Roku's devices.

The 9.2 million streaming devices shipped in the quarter accounted for 17% of all shipments of "connected TV" devices, which also include smart TVs, Blu-ray players, and game consoles. Strategy Analytics estimates that total shipments of connected TV devices will grow 17% annually to 221 million units for the full year. What does Google's lead in this growing market mean for rivals like Apple and Amazon?

Google's streaming strategy

Google is approaching the connected TV market with two platforms: Android TV and Chromecast. With Android TV, Google relies on OEMs to manufacture Android-powered smart TVs and set-boxes that download apps and media content from Google Play. This platform replaces Google TV, a similar effort that flopped due to delayed Android integration and resistance from content providers. Android TV products, which are comparable to Apple TV and Fire TV, are notably pricier and less popular than Chromecast.

With Chromecast, Google "casts," or mirrors, mobile apps, media, or Chrome content to a $35 dongle connected to the TV. This strategy targets customers who simply want to mirror content from their mobile devices at the lowest possible price. Certain iOS and Android games can also be mirrored onto the TV, allowing the smartphone to be used as a Wii-like controller.

Chromecast's direct competitors include Amazon's Fire TV Stick and Roku's Streaming Stick, which both cost a little more. In late September, Google launched two new puck-shaped Chromecasts -- one for video and apps, and another for audio streaming.

Why the Chromecast is popular

The popularity of Chromecast indicates that customers like simple streaming solutions that use their smartphones or tablets as central hubs. Bigger set-top boxes cost more because they are equipped with more powerful hardware, which isn't necessary for mirroring-only solutions.

For casual gamers, playing a downloaded game on a $149 Apple TV or $100 Fire TV might not be all that different from playing an iOS or Android game being mirrored to the Chromecast. The new Chromecast also offers more flexible gaming options. For example, a player with an Android device can play a multiplayer game with an iPhone owner if both players cast their displays to the Chromecast.

The Chromecast isn't a major source of revenue for Google. Based on Strategy Analytics' third-quarter estimates, Google probably sold 1.8 million Chromecasts at $35 each, which equals $63 million in revenue (0.3% of its third-quarter revenues). Instead, it's an ecosystem play. By keeping an eye on the apps and media content that users stream to the Chromecast, Google gains more information to craft targeted ads, which strengthens its core advertising business.

Don't count Apple and Amazon out yet

But before Alphabet investors declare victory in the streaming device wars, they should note that things could change during the fourth quarter. Apple's aggressive marketing of the new Apple TV could boost holiday sales against the Chromecast. Amazon's decision to stop selling Apple TV and Chromecast devices could also hurt Chromecast sales, since the Chromecast was one of its top-selling consumer electronics devices.

Apple and Amazon also have different reasons for selling streaming devices. For Apple, the Apple TV could generate more digital revenues through media and app purchases, and serve as a base for Apple Music and its long-rumored streaming TV service. These digital revenues could diversify Apple's business away from iPhones, which generated over 60% of its revenue last quarter.

Amazon is using its set-top boxes to keep users dependent on its Prime ecosystem. Without a Prime membership, Fire TV users can't access Amazon's library of TV shows, films, and music. But once customers pay $99 per year for the service, studies show that they buy more digital and physical products. Earlier this year, research firm CIRP claimed that the average Prime member spends $1,200 annually on the site, compared to $700 for nonmembers.

Upcoming battles

Google has a good lead in the streaming market, but I'm not certain that it will last as full-featured streaming devices become smaller and cheaper. I also think that Apple's brand power and Amazon's massive ecosystem could curb Google's early growth. Either way, connected TVs will become a key battleground for these tech giants over the next few years. Alphabet Inc   Has the Google Stock Rally Finally Stalled? (GOOGL) After a stunning 27% rally off of the Sept. 29 low, Alphabet Inc.(GOOG, GOOGL) is starting to look toppy. The price action Wednesday points to a short-term top in Google stock, with shares of GOOGL making a new all-time high of $793.05, before reversing to close lower on the day at $777.85. The pattern on Thursday was similar, with Google stock price trading higher initially only to fail and close in the red.



Click to Enlarge This type of price action in GOOGL signals a technical trend reversal, with buyers finally being daunted and the sellers able to take control and push the stock lower.

In candlestick jargon, the trend reversal pattern is called a shooting star, and could mark a resistance level in the Google stock price.

GOOGL is now the second biggest U.S. company by market cap, trailing only Apple (AAPL), so the ability to maintain the current growth rate will be difficult simply because of the law of large numbers.

With Google stock sporting a trailing twelve month price-earnings ratio of 32.38, it is certainly not a cheap stock, trading at a hefty premium to the S&P 500 multiple of 19.

Implied volatility has cratered over the past two weeks in Google stock, trading near the lowest levels of the year. This low level of complacency in option prices many times is indicative of a intermediate-term top in GOOGL.



Click to Enlarge Shorting GOOGL is a risky proposition, and certainly expensive from a margin standpoint. Instead, I would employ some defined risk option strategies to position for a pullback in GOOGL at a much lower level of capital commitment and risk.

GOOGL Stock Trade Ideas

With IV, and therefore option prices, at comparatively cheap levels, I favor long option strategies. My trade structure is a put diagonal spread, buying the GOOGL Jan $740 puts and selling the GOOGL Dec $720 puts for a $10 net debit. The risk on the trade is the $10 net debit, with the initial position being net short 14 deltas.

Ideally, GOOGL stock closes near $720 at December expiration to realize the maximum gain. If GOOGL stock closes above this level at expiration, additional shorter-term puts can be sold against the long Jan $740 puts to further hedge and reduce the initial cost, while still maintaining a bearish stance.

As of this writing, Tim Biggam did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Anyone interested in finding out more about option-based strategies or for a free trial of the Delta Desk Research Report can email Tim at tbiggam@deltaderivatives.com.

More From InvestorPlace Google's Clean-Power Deal Shows Wind Farms Finding New Customers Renewable-energy developers are increasingly selling wind power straight to the users, tapping a new customer base as some traditional utility buyers are backing away.

Technology giants have led the way, including Google s deal Dec. 3 for 625 megawatts of U.S. wind power and Microsoft Corp. s biggest-ever wind deal Dec. 1. Other industries are following suit, with businesses, universities, government agencies and other non-utility buyers accounting for 32 percent of U.S. contracts this year through early November, according to the American Wind Energy Association, up from 5 percent for all of 2013.

Three parallel trends are driving the shift. Companies have realized that buying renewable energy from developers is often cheaper than getting power from their local utilities. At the same time, a growing number of utilities have met state renewable-energy mandates and are putting the brakes on new deals. Meanwhile, U.S. wind installations are expected to climb 76 percent this year.

 If utilities in Kansas don t need power right now, you as a developer either are forced to sit on the project for years or find a different class of buyer,  said Quayle Hodek, chief executive officer of Renewable Choice Energy, a Boulder, Colorado-based consultant that matches Fortune 500 companies with renewable energy projects looking to sell electricity.

New Market

That s opening up a new market for developers, which typically can t line up financing for new wind farms until they ve also lined up long-term buyers for the power.

Companies are creating  a new source of demand,  said Jacob Susman, CEO of OwnEnergy Inc., a New York-based developer of mid-sized wind farms that was acquired by Electricite de France SA in August. OwnEnergy s customers have included Yahoo! Inc. and Procter & Gamble Co.

Under these deals, a corporate buyer typically signs a long-term contract for the electricity with the developer. The power is delivered through the local grid; rarely is there a direct transmission line from the wind farm itself.

Stability, Savings

For businesses, these contracts provide two main advantages: price and predictability.

 Day one, we re going to be saving 10 percent over what we re paying today,  said Rame Hemstreet, chief energy officer at Kaiser Permanente, which has a contract to buy 153 megawatts of wind and solar capacity from NextEra Energy Inc.

Not only are prices lower, they re often locked in by years-long power-purchase deals.

 We don t have to wonder what our power prices will be for 20 years,  Rick Needham, Google s director of green business operations, said in an interview.

While companies are keen to help the environment, it must first make economic sense, said Hodek.

 This is not just for the environment -- this can be something to provide long-term cost stability,  he said.  Companies are saying,  What am I missing out on? Let s do this,    he said.

Utility Demand

At the same time, demand from some utilities is slowing.

Most states are on track to meet renewable portfolio standards, policies that require utilities to source a certain percentage of their power from clean sources, and five already have, according to Susan Sloan, vice president of state policy at AWEA.

That s not slowing wind installations, which are expected to reach 9 gigawatts this year in the U.S., up from 5.1 gigawatts in 2014, according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance. That means more developers than ever are seeking power-purchase agreements.

 There s a shortage of PPAs in part because there s never been so much power under development,  said Amy Grace, North American wind analyst with New Energy Finance.

Data Centers

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Technology companies including Google were some of the first movers, often to run power-hungry data centers. The Alphabet Inc. company has signed deals for about 2 gigawatts of clean energy worldwide since 2010. Including the five contracts the company announced Dec. 3, it has deals for more than 1.3 gigawatts of wind power in the U.S and Sweden. Facebook Inc. and Apple Inc. have also made significant purchases of clean energy.

That s spreading to other other industries.

 The trend is extending beyond tech companies, which are the usual adopters,  said Hannah Hunt, a research analyst at AWEA. Non-utility buyers have purchased more than 800 megawatts of wind power this year.

Owens Corning, a supplier of building materials and other industrial products, announced Nov. 13 a deal to purchase 125 megawatts from a wind farm under development in Texas. Dow Chemical Co., the U.S. General Services Administration, and Ohio State University have also struck deals to buy wind power from developers instead of utilities.

 The market is a lot smaller without non-utility customers,  Travis Bryan, chief operating officer at Seattle-based developer OneEnergy Renewables, said in an e-mail.  In certain markets like New York and Massachusetts, non-utility customers have been absolutely critical and will likely continue to remain so going forward.  Google patents blood-sucking wearable Google has filed a patent application for a needle-free blood draw system.

It might be the last thing you'd expect to see from the home of Android, Chrome, and the cutest self-driving car prototype around. But yes, it seems Google is out for blood.

The pending blood-draw patent application describes a system that uses pressurised gas to fire a micro-particle into a person's skin. This produces a "micro-emergence of blood," which is then drawn up by the system's negative pressure barrel.

"Such an application might be used to draw a small amount of blood, for example, for a glucose test," explains Google. It's also clearly designed to be used frequently. The potential benefits to those suffering from diabetes are clear.

Indeed, Google Life Sciences, which is now an independent subsidiary of Alphabet Inc, is already known to be working on a couple of things aimed at diabetes sufferers. This includes a set of smart contact lenses that can constantly measure glucose levels in the wearer.

Related: What is Google X?

Interestingly, Google's application claims that the mechanism could be incorporated into a hand-held device or a wearable. The wearable concept is pictured above.

Of course, just because Google has launched a patent application, doesn't mean it's actively working towards a final product. When quizzed by The Verge, it issued the following response:

"We hold patents on a variety of ideas   some of those ideas later mature into real products or services, some don't. Prospective product announcements should not necessarily be inferred from our patents."

Next, take a look at our smartphone buyers guide video: 
2015-02-02
Google: Terrible Performance Should Be Worth $430  Alcatel-Lucent woos new kinds of customers in race to prove itself The logo of the telecom equipment maker Alcatel-Lucent is seen on the company site building in Rennes, western France, October 15, 2013. REUTERS/Stephane Mahe

PARIS In the final year of his turnaround plan, Alcatel-Lucent's boss is pushing the telecom network gear maker to diversify its customer base by selling Internet equipment to large technology companies and multinational corporations.

Chief Executive Michel Combes' plan to put more emphasis on so-called edge and core routers that direct traffic on the Internet has allowed the company to set itself apart from traditional mobile rivals Ericsson and Nokia, and leads it into competition with U.S. networking giant Cisco.

Financial analysts welcome the move into faster-growing segments and new customer types but want more evidence that Alcatel can turn regular profits after years of losses. They want Combes to deliver on the central pledge of his two year old "Shift" turnaround plan - namely for the company to generate more cash from operations than it consumes.

Since it was formed in a merger 2006, Alcatel-Lucent has never been free cash flow positive and has only posted a profit in one year. When Combes took over two years ago, the company was so fragile that some of its biggest customers were thinking about abandoning it over fears it would soon be bankrupt.

Alcatel-Lucent has since been through 10,000 layoffs, sold about 600 million euros in assets, and done a 1 billion euro capital increase to shore up its finances.

Combes, the former head of Vodafone s European businesses, has also cut about 650 million euro in costs out of a billion promised by 2016, helping the previously battered shares triple since his arrival. A key ratio of non-production related costs to revenue fell to 12.4 percent in the first nine months of last year, compared to 14.9 percent in 2012 and about 12 percent for Ericsson.

Further driving the share rally is the hope harbored by some investors that Alcatel-Lucent could one day sell its wireless business - which is strong in the key U.S. market but loss-making - to Nokia.

The success of the Internet equipment division that Combes prioritized when he took over in April 2013 has meant that even if Alcatel-Lucent effectively exited mobile via such a deal, it would still have an independent future albeit with a narrower focus.

"What was missing from Alcatel-Lucent was an industrial strategy that people could understand, but now we have made some real choices," Combes told Reuters in a recent interview.

In a sign that investors increasingly believe in what Combes is doing at Alcatel, the level of short selling on the shares, or hedge funds betting that shares will fall, has steadily fallen over the past six months.

About 8 percent of Alcatel shares are currently out on loan to hedge funds that have shorted the stock, according to data from Markit, the lowest level in a year, and a sharp drop from 13.6 percent in last July.

Francois Meunier, an analyst at Morgan Stanley with a buy rating on the stock, praised Combes for fixing the company's finances and seeking growth in Internet equipment. But he warned that the company still needed to deliver on its financial targets before chasing too many new customers.

"They have really good products but I'd like them to take the new opportunities slowly to prevent a repeat of past mistakes when the company spread itself too thinly," he said.

Alcatel is not alone in seeking to diversify. Mobile market leader Ericsson hopes to generate 20-25 percent of sales from customers outside the telecom arena by 2020, from about 10 percent today.

NETWORKING

The increasing importance of computing networks to multinational corporations from banks to retailers has opened up new opportunities for telecom gear makers and erased boundaries with Cisco and Juniper Networks, which have long dominated enterprise networking.

Combes is also targeting big Internet companies like Google and Facebook, which need to build and maintain vast computing networks and datacenters to keep their global services going.

Governments and fire and police departments are among potential niche customers, but Alcatel-Lucent will have to learn new skills in research and development and marketing, executives admit.

Today it earns more than 90 percent of revenue from sales to global telecom operators, in particular a small handful of customers led by Verizon and AT&T. Combes often meets their CEOs in person to seal long-term contracts.

In Internet equipment, where Alcatel-Lucent is not a recognized name, the number of potential customers may strain his travel schedule.

The company first began selling so-called edge routers in 2004 that connect businesses, governments, universities and individuals to the networks run by phone and cable companies that then transport data traffic to and from the Internet.

Then in 2012, Alcatel-Lucent launched its first core networking product. Core networks refer to the ultra high-speed networks that haul data over the Internet's backbone, interconnecting cities and countries. Last year it overtook Juniper in second place in routers sold to telecom operators.

To help reach new types of customers, Combes signed partnerships with technology company Hewlett Packard in December and consulting firm Accenture in September.

Alcatel also hopes its major telecom customers like Orange and Vodafone can become an indirect sales channel through their businesses selling communications services to corporations.

It has signed as many as 15 non-carrier customers since Combes joined the company, including with satellite company Inmarsat to bring high-speed Internet to airplanes and with Paris transport network RATP for Wifi in the metro.

Deborah Kish, analyst at market research firm Gartner, said Alcatel-Lucent s focus on routers and optical products, along with newer areas like cloud computing and mini-mobile antennas known as small cells, were the right choice.

"Alcatel-Lucent used to look like a mobile infrastructure company and now it's a routing company basically," she said.

(Additional reporting by Eric Auchard and Blaise Robinson; Editing by Philippa Fletcher) 5 Top Retail and Consumer Discretionary Stocks Boosted by Low Oil Prices While investors in the top oil companies have cringed over the past six months as the price of oil has dropped over 50%, the American consumer has gotten a huge shot in the pocketbook. It doesn t take an economics genius to figure out that filling up the family cars has been cut in half in many areas of the country. A new report from J.P. Morgan indicates that incoming news has increased the confidence of the firm s economists that the collapse in crude oil prices is lifting growth, both here and abroad.

With consumers having more money to spend, not only are the top retail companies poised to benefit, but J.P. Morgan says so are manufacturers, as both good and services benefit from this increase in income. With consumer discretionary stocks so out of favor in 2014, as well as down 2.08% year-to-date, some of the top stocks in the sector could be ready to post outstanding earnings.

We screened some of our Wall Street research for top stocks to buy now.

Best Buy Co. Inc. (NYSE: BBY) got hit hard in the middle of January when it surprised Wall Street with results far lower than had been expected. Although conditions improved for Best Buy in the third quarter of fiscal 2015, the road ahead still seems difficult. The company is trying to combat difficult conditions by reducing costs, pricing competitively, optimizing stores and enhancing distribution. The store-within-store partnerships it has with suppliers like Samsung are expected to drive more store traffic. Best Buy s online channel growth also looks promising, as it continues to battle Amazon.com.

Best Buy investors are paid a 2.16% dividend. Merrill Lynch has a Buy rating on the stock and a big $45 price target. The Thomson/First Call consensus price target is $41.14. Shares closed Friday at $35.20.

ALSO READ: 5 Top Tech Stocks to Buy Even Though the Sector Was Hit Hard to End January

Walt Disney Co. (NYSE: DIS) is a top consumer media company with multiple streams of income to push revenue, and many Wall Street analysts see the stock outperforming on a near-term basis. With the movie studio business poised to improve, as with accelerating theme park business, the network programming continues to drive viewership with extensive sports programming on ESPN. Combining that revenue growth with the company s solid media networks and interactive presence, and the first quarter revenues could be outstanding.

Disney shareholders are paid a 1.2% dividend. J.P. Morgan has an Overweight rating on the stock and a $105 price objective. The consensus target is lower at $98.31. Shares closed Friday at $90.96.

Dicks Sporting Goods Inc. (NYSE: DKS) is the top name in the sporting goods arena, and it has been a top portfolio manager name for the past few years. The company is gearing up for huge growth and stated last year it intends to significantly build its store base to more than 800   a greater than 300 store increase. Some recent speculation that the company would be sold turned out to be just that, and shares fell some, offering investors a better entry point.

Dicks Sporting Goods investors are paid a 0.95% dividend. UBS has a Buy rating and $65 price target. The consensus target is $55.13. The stock closed Friday at $51.65.

ALSO READ: 8 Analyst Stocks Under $10 With Enormous Upside Potential

Ross Stores Inc. (NASDAQ: ROST) is another top retail stock that may be poised to shrug off a poor 2014 and continue its hot streak. Even if the economy does pick up, consumers are expected to still flock to the off-price retailers looking for bargains. At one point last year. CNBC s Jim Cramer said Ross Stores may be on the prowl to make an acquisition to spur growth. With the stock on fire, they certainly have the currency to do it with.

Ross Stores investors are paid a very small 0.9% dividend. Merrill Lynch has a Buy rating and a $95 price target. The consensus target is $77.88, and shares closed trading on Friday at $91.71.

TJX Companies Inc. (NYSE: TJX) is another top stock for investors looking for a consumer discretionary position. The stock is ideal as it is the low price leader in retail, and like Ross, still has many customers who shop for bargains. Growing online sales and increased store traffic may bode well as the company s refocused efforts over the last couple of years to increase and enhance the online presence. The company operates stores under the T.J. Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Winners, HomeSense, T.K. Maxx and Sierra Trading Post banners.

TJX investors are paid a 1.1% dividend. UBS has a rating of Buy on the stock and maintains a $70 price objective. The consensus price target is also set at $70. Shares ended Friday at $65.94.

ALSO READ: 5 High-Yield Stocks to Buy Gaining Value as Treasury Yields Plunge

Despite consumer spending being lower in December than expected, the overall boost of prolonged lower gasoline prices is very positive for the economy. While consumers are wary after years of slow wage growth, this immediate boost in spendable income will be a factor. 
2015-06-09
Medtronic, Samsung to Jointly Develop Diabetes Mobile App Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. Google Inc. Undercuts Apple Inc. in Mobile Payments (but Not Intentionally) Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) won't get a cut of credit card providers' transaction fees on its new mobile payment platform, Android Pay, according to a recent Wall Street Journal report. That dramatically undercuts Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Pay, which charges a transaction fee of 0.15% for credit card purchases.

Undercutting rivals with free products might sound like a textbook Google strategy, but Google actually wanted similar transaction fees as Apple. Unfortunately, Visa (NYSE:V) and Mastercard (NYSE:MA) recently adopted a "tokenization" card security system which prevents payment services from charging fees to card providers. Apple secured its three-year deal for Apple Pay's fees before that system was in place.

Since Google was late to the party, it now has to use Android Pay as an ecosystem play rather than a revenue one. But now that Google has the cheaper system, could it also gain ground against Apple in the mobile payments market?

Google's payments strategy

Back in 2011, Google introduced Google Wallet, a PayPal-like service for storing debit cards, credit cards, loyalty cards, and gift cards.

Unfortunately, the U.S.-only service faced fierce resistance from Softcard, a competing platform backed by AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile U.S. Those carriers blocked Wallet on most of their handsets and crippled the fledgling service. Google eventually circumvented that block with Android 4.4 in late 2013, then acquired Softcard earlier this year to integrate its technology with Android Pay.

Yet that only solved the problems of hardware compatibility and carrier backing. Another major issue was privacy. When Google asked banks to support Wallet, it requested that data on purchases and other personal information be sent back to Google for targeted ads. Citi agreed to Google's terms, but many other banks refused to mine customer data for Google.

Enter Android Pay and Samsung Pay

Google recently introduced Android Pay, which confused many people by overlapping Google Wallet's features. Both platforms have a "tap to pay" feature for NFC, and both are linked to credit and loyalty cards. But whereas Wallet required a PIN code to use the NFC feature, Android Pay simply requires a phone to be unlocked. To address security issues, Android M will add native support for fingerprint scans. Meanwhile, Wallet will stick around as a peer-to-peer and online payments system for websites.

However, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) is getting ready to launch its own payments platform, Samsung Pay, on its Android devices. Samsung Pay reportedly won't charge transaction fees within South Korea, but it's unclear if it will do the same in other markets.

Samsung Pay represents a much bigger threat to Android Pay than Apple Pay, since Samsung handsets account for nearly a third of all Android devices worldwide, according to IDC. Samsung Pay will work at over 30 million retail locations, thanks to its acquisition of mobile payments start-up LoopPay, compared to 700,000 locations for Android Pay.

Apple's payments strategy

Compared to Google's clunky strategy for mobile payments, Apple's strategy is more streamlined. Apple focuses on three key facts: it controls over 40% of the U.S. smartphone market, its new devices have fingerprint scanners, and that it doesn't plan to use Apple Pay to mine data.

As a result, 2,500 banks agreed to Apple's terms for transaction fees, and 700,000 retail locations now accept Apple Pay. Google might think that banks could drop their transaction fee deal after it expires, but if Apple Pay catches on, Apple simply needs to highlight those three facts again to secure a renewal.

Apple also has its own digital wallet app, known as Passbook. Like Google Wallet, Passbook stores digital versions of credit and loyalty cards. Apple recently announced that it would integrate Passbook's saved cards into Apple Pay, and that it would rebrand the main Passbook app as Wallet.

An unproven market

All these tech giants are scrambling to offer mobile payments solutions, but the market is a still an unproven one.

Apple recently told Reuters that "about half" of the top 100 merchants will accept Apple Pay by the end of the year. However, Reuters surveyed 98 of the largest brick-and-mortar retailers in the U.S., and found that only 4% planned to add support by the end of the year. Another survey from InfoScout in March found that 85% of iPhone 6 owners haven't even touched Apple Pay. It's unclear exactly how much revenue Apple Pay will generate through transaction fees, but BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis stated that it wouldn't "be a material revenue stream on its own anytime soon."

However, U.S. mobile payments might rise from $13 billion spent in 2012 to $90 billion by 2017, according to Forrester Research. If that forecast is accurate, services like Android Pay, Apple Pay, and Samsung Pay could eventually become new pillars of growth for these aging tech giants. 
2015-11-10
Better Buy Now: Apple or Alphabet? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are among the most powerful companies of our times. The two tech titans compete against each other in key industry areas such as mobile, and they both make massive amounts of money for investors. Which one is a better buy right now: Apple or Alphabet?

Apple looks undervalued

Apple is the biggest publicly traded corporation in the world, but the stock still looks quite cheap when looking at the business fundamentals. Apple trades at a price-to-earnings ratio around 13 times earnings, a substantial discount versus the average P/E ratio for companies in the S&P 500 index (currently greater than 19).

The company delivered impressive financial performance for the third quarter, with sales growing 22% year over year to $51.5 billion and earnings per share jumping by a staggering 38% over the year-ago quarter.

However, Wall Street analysts are forecasting that sales will increase by only 3.6% in the December quarter due to maturation in the iPhone business and modest growth contribution from other segments. Management seems to agree: The company is expecting revenue in the range of $75.5 billion to $77.5 billion during the quarter, only a slight increase from $74.6 billion during the same quarter last year.

Apple stock is cheap for a reason: The consensus is that growth will slow down considerably in the coming quarters. The company has proven time and again that it can outperform expectations, but investors need to know that Apple's financial performance over the coming quarters is hard to predict at this stage.

Alphabet is a top-notch business

Alphabet is the global king in online advertising. According to estimates by eMarketer, the company owns 55% of the search ad market thanks to the popularity and ubiquity of its Google search engine. In addition, Alphabet owns many of the most valuable services and applications in the online world, including Android, Chrome, Maps, and YouTube, among several others.

Alphabet is performing really well from a financial point of view. Revenue came in at $18.7 billion last quarter, a year-over-year increase of 21% on a constant-currency basis. The business model is remarkably profitable: The company makes operating margins in the neighborhood of 25% of sales on a GAAP basis and adjusted operating margin is around 33% of revenue.

Alphabet stock is priced at above-average levels, carrying a P/E ratio greater than 30 times earnings. This does not necessarily mean that Alphabet is overvalued. A superior company merits a superior valuation, and Alphabet is a top-notch business with plenty of opportunities to profit from growing online advertising demand in the years ahead. Even at these prices, Alphabet can deliver solid gains for investors, but the stock simply is not as cheap as Apple.

Apple or Alphabet?

I really think both companies are great investments to hold for the long term. I own both Apple and Alphabet in my personal portfolio. In fact, they're the two biggest positions in my account. Still, it's important to consider the differences between the two businesses and what they offer in terms of risk versus potential reward.

Apple is priced at very attractive levels since Wall Street is expecting a big deceleration in growth over the coming quarters. If performance turns out to be better than expected on the back of sustained iPhone growth and/or growing revenue from other segments, then the stock should offer big upside potential from current levels. On the other hand, if Apple stagnates due to maturation in the smartphone industry and lackluster growth in other areas, investors in the company could get disappointing returns.

Apple is more of a hit-or-miss investment right now. Things could go really well for investors, or the stock could create a major drag on portfolio performance. It mostly depends on what kind of growth the company can deliver in the coming quarters

Alphabet, on the other hand, looks far more predictable. The company is an undisputed powerhouse in online advertising. The stock is priced at a premium versus the overall market, but it's not unreasonably valued considering the company's quality and growth prospects. There is a fairly good chance that Alphabet will continue delivering strong returns for investors over the years ahead, but I wouldn't expect explosive gains from the company in the coming months.

If you believe Apple will outperform expectations in the coming quarters, then it has superior upside potential than Alphabet at current prices. Alphabet, however, offers more predictable returns and more visibility when it comes to financial performance in the future. I do believe both companies will beat the market over the long term, but Apple provides both more uncertainty and higher potential for gains. Depending on your own investing philosophy, you may want to go with Apple, Alphabet, or -- why not? -- both. Google defeats most claims in browser tracking lawsuit A logo is pictured at Google's European Engineering Center in Zurich April 16, 2015. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann/Files

A U.S. appeals court upheld the dismissal of federal claims and revived two California state law claims accusing Google of invading computer users' privacy by enabling the placement of "cookies" in their browsers to track their Internet use.

The 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Philadelphia on Tuesday rejected claims in a proposed class action lawsuit that Google violated federal wiretap and computer fraud laws by exploiting loopholes in Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) Safari browser and Microsoft Corp's (MSFT.O) Internet Explorer browser.

Four computer users accused the Mountain View, California-based unit of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O) of bypassing their cookie blockers, helping advertisers target potential customers.

But in a 60-page decision on behalf of a three-judge panel, Circuit Judge Julio Fuentes said the plaintiffs did not show they suffered "damage" or "loss" from the tracking of their computer use.

Fuentes nonetheless said Google's alleged contravention of cookie blockers it publicly promised to respect could lead a reasonable jury to find it engaged in "egregious" conduct that violated users' privacy rights under California law.

Google agreed in 2012 and 2013 to pay a combined $39.5 million to settle civil charges by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, 37 states and Washington, D.C. that it tracked Safari users' Internet use without their knowledge. It did not admit wrongdoing.

Jay Barnes, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, declined to comment. Google declined to comment.

Tuesday's decision largely upheld an Oct. 2013 dismissal of the case, including other state law claims, by U.S. District Judge Sue Robinson in Wilmington, Delaware.

The case is In re: Google Inc Cookie Placement Consumer Privacy Litigation, 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 13-4300.

(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Bernard Orr) 
2015-04-18
Google: Why YouTube Needs Ads-Free Premium Subscription The Wall Street Journal reported last February that Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) is still struggling to make YouTube a profitable venture. In spite of posting $4 billion in revenue in 2014, YouTube is not turning a profit. More than a billion people use YouTube every month and in spite of the best efforts of Google's ad sales team, Mr. Rolf Winkler still insisted that YouTube is barely breaking even.

Mr. Winkler's thesis compels me to believe that the advertising-only approach to monetizing YouTube may no longer be the best option for long-term monetization. YouTube launched Google Preferred last October. Google Preferred was another premium offering for advertisers to get preferential ad placements on the top 5% YouTube channels.

Google is the grandmaster of digital advertising and it's a no-brainer that ads will still be the main moneymaker of YouTube. Global brands advertise their products on YouTube because they work. As per the chart below, companies like Nike (NYSE:NKE) covet (and pay big money for) the millions of people who use YouTube every day.

Source

On the other hand, the allegations of deceptive ads, rising video streaming competition from Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and other sites, and AdBlock could be some of the strongest reasons why Google is now going to offer ads-free YouTube subscriptions.

Paid Monthly Subscription Helps Offset The AdBlock Software Problem

Aside from the obvious advantage of guaranteed monthly subscription payments (over unpredictable monthly advertising placement sales), the ads-free premium subscription option allows Google to defeat the threat of AdBlock and similar software. I firmly believe that software that block advertisements on desktop and mobile devices might be one of the strongest reasons why Google is not making any profit on YouTube.

The chart below illustrates the clear and present danger of ads-blocking software to Google and the entire digital advertising industry. This chart was published April 17, 2015.

Source

Advertisers like Nike might continue to prefer broadcast TV over YouTube once they realize that almost one-third of YouTube users are blocking ads. Google's ad sales team might not be able to land the best fees for ad placements on YouTube if digital advertisements are being blocked by a substantial portion of YouTube users.

AdBlock Plus has earned the ire of Google and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT). Both firms threatened legal action against the developers of AdBlock Plus. However, millions of people are still downloading the free AdBlock Plus browser extension. YouTube and other advertising dependent websites could therefore continue to lose ad placements once more people use ad-blocking software.

As of 2014, there were already 144 million people using ad-blockers - a 70% increase over 2013. More worrisome is that the majority of this ad-blocking people are found in Western countries. Western markets are very important to digital advertisers.

Google's decision to offer paid subscription might help offset the loss of ad placements on YouTube because of ad-blocking software. It is a screaming reality that billions of people are allergic to advertising. This is why there is cable TV, Pay satellite TV/radio, and now subscription-only YouTube.

By offering a premium service, YouTube users won't have to risk the danger of using third-party software like AdBlock Plus to get rid of advertisements. I sparingly use AdBlock Plus myself because it is prone to errors. Firefox and Chrome browsers often crash when using the said extension.

Adding Premium Subscription Is The Best Option

The success of Google and Facebook is 100% due to digital advertising. However, Google is now leveraging its future by complementing its advertising revenue by subscription-only services. AdBlock Plus became popular last year because of the growing discontent of people over intrusive desktop and mobile ads.

I opine that Google is aware and has acknowledged the problem that the internet is too saturated with pushy ads. The company has introduced the Contributor Program - which calls for web surfers to give a monthly donation so they could visit their favorite websites without advertisements.

Part of the contributed monthly donations will go to website creators. I like it that Google is trying to make the desktop and mobile web less dependent on advertising.

YouTube is full of freeloaders so I do not expect Google to immediately get a six-figure number of paying YouTube customers. The argument that people might not pay monthly just to get rid of ads on YouTube is valid. However, YouTube's upcoming premium service will come with original content from its most popular content creators. YouTube could eventually transform itself into a hybrid that is simultaneously ad-supported and subscription-driven.

Popular or mainstream video content are also needed to attract paying customers. A premium YouTube service ought to offer top TV shows and movies like what Roku and Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) offer right now. Yes, the net operating margins of NFLX is very slim but that company has grown to over 60 million paying subscribers worldwide.

Conclusion

While there are millions of people who use AdBlock Plus, there are also tens of millions of people who are also willing to pay monthly for ads-free video entertainment. If Google could persuade 10 million YouTube users to sign up for an $8-$10/month ads-free service, the potential economic benefit could be at least $1 billion/year in non-ads revenue.

Google has excellent Cash Return On Invested Capital (ROIC) and Return on Equity (ROE) over the last five years.

Source of Two Charts: Vuru

However, Google needs to accelerate its expansion beyond advertising. Facebook's growing might in digital advertising and the widespread use of AdBlock Plus are two strong warnings that Google's golden goose in advertising is under a clear and present danger.

Furthermore, paid subscription is also good for content creators of YouTube. The creative people who publish original videos on YouTube are also getting less money when users block advertisements.

Google needs to retain the loyalty of YouTube content creators by offering them an alternative way to make money. Majority of content creators (who do not get 5 million views per video uploaded) will appreciate the chance to get a share of the monthly subscription money.

I agree with the Moderate Buy consensus rating for GOOGL that 40 TipRanks analysts made. Google has an excellent management team that is right in diversifying YouTube beyond the ad-driven business.

Disclosure: The author is long MSFT, FB.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. What the EU Antitrust Charges Against Google Inc. Mean for Investors European Union regulators recently filed formal antitrust charges against Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), alleging its search engine favors its own comparison shopping services over third-party sites.

In 2012, the EU expressed concerns that Google favored its own search services, forced advertisers into restrictive deals, and scraped content off rival sites without permission. Google subsequently offered to make various concessions, which the EU rejected last September.

The initial charges regarding Google's comparison shopping practices are narrow, but the case will likely grow. New EU antitrust chief Margrethe Vestager, who took over the post last November, is examining other businesses -- including travel and local services -- in which Google faces similar complaints. Vestager also launched a separate probe into Google's bundling of first-party apps in Android smartphones.

Let's take a closer look at what Google is accused of, and how this antitrust battle could impact Google's business.

Is Google a bully?

Google controls 92% of the search market in Europe, according to StatCounter. That's significantly higher than its 64% share of the U.S. search market. Even with that lower domestic market share, the Federal Trade Commission previously probed the company regarding similar charges of restrictive ad agreements, illegal scraping of third-party sites, and search bias.

Those charges were dropped in 2013 after Google made some concessions. To address the restrictive ad agreements, which discouraged marketers from advertising on rival search engines, Google revised its policies. As for the scraping allegations, Google let sites opt out of the practice. Yet it made no concessions regarding search bias -- Google still promotes its first-party sites over rival third-party ones.

Today, Google faces the same predicament in the EU as it did in the U.S. with the FTC. But while the FTC quietly rolled over, the EU is taking a hard line.

What about Android?

Google Android powers 71% of smartphones in Europe, according to IDC. Again, that's much higher than its 48% share of the U.S. market. European regulators also aren't the first people to complain about Google's bundling strategies with Android.

Many developers, such as members of the Android Open Source Project, have argued that Google has turned Android, an open source OS, into a closed one with its own apps and services. In their view, Google is doing exactly what Microsoft did when it bundled Internet Explorer and Windows Media Player with Windows in the late 1990s.

If the EU decides that Google's bundling of first-party apps in Android is anticompetitive, it might be blocked from pre-installing those services on Android devices across Europe. That would give Microsoft and other rivals a chance to crack the market.

How will this affect Google?

If Google fails to rebut the EU's charges, it could be fined over  6 billion ($6.4 billion), which would be equivalent to 10% of its 2014 revenue.

But based on historical settlements, the fine probably won't be that high. In 2009, the EU fined Intel  1.1 billion for abusing its dominance of the microprocessor market. Over the past several years, the EU fined Microsoft a cumulative total of  2.2 billion over its bundling practices. Therefore, the fine itself probably won't hurt Google too badly.

However, Google's competitive position in the region could be weakened if it loses the ability to promote its own first-party sites, and has to unbundle critical apps such as Search, Gmail, Maps, and Drive from Android. The European market accounts for over one-third of Google's top line, so a weakening presence on the continent could definitely impact earnings. A strong U.S. dollar and weak euro would exacerbate the problem.

Other troubles ahead

Google faces other problems in Europe. As an extension of its 2014 ruling on the "right to be forgotten," the EU wants Google to let all users worldwide remove "outdated" search listings about them. Last November, the European Parliament proposed a breakup of Google's European operations, although it has no legal power to do so. Google also faces various tax, copyright, and data protection issues in a number of European countries.

Therefore, Google investors should follow the EU antitrust story closely, since it could eventually impact all aspects of the company's European operations. Russian cyber attackers used two unknown flaws: security company SAN FRANCISCO A widely reported Russian cyber-spying campaign against diplomatic targets in the United States and elsewhere has been using two previously unknown flaws in software to penetrate target machines, a security company investigating the matter said on Saturday.

FireEye Inc (FEYE.O), a prominent U.S. security company, said the espionage effort took advantage of holes in Adobe Systems Inc s (ADBE.O) Flash software for viewing active content and Microsoft Corp's (MSFT.O) ubiquitous Windows operating system.

The campaign has been tied by other firms to a serious breach at U.S. State Department computers. The same hackers are also believed to have broken into White House machines containing unclassified but sensitive information such as the president s travel schedule.

FireEye has been assisting the agencies probing those attacks, but it said it could not comment on whether the spies are the same ones who penetrated the White House because that would be classified as secret.

FireEye said that Adobe had issued a fix for the security weakness on Tuesday, so that users with the most current versions should be protected. The Microsoft problem by itself is less dangerous, since it involves enhanced powers on a computer from those of an ordinary user.

A Microsoft spokesman said the company was working on a patch.

In October, FireEye said the group it calls APT28 had been at work since 2007 and had targeted U.S. defense attaches and military contractors, NATO alliance offices, and government officials in Georgia and other countries of special interest to the Kremlin.

Days before that report, security firm Trend Micro Inc (4704.T) described a campaign it called "Pawn Storm" against computers in the State Department, Russian dissidents, NATO and other Eastern European nations. Because Pawn Storm and APT28 used some of the same tools and hit the same targets, other information security professionals concluded they were the same hackers.

On Thursday, Trend Micro said that the Pawn Storm hackers had increased their activity recently and had targeted bloggers who had interviewed President Barack Obama. It also said the group had  probably  stolen online credentials of a military correspondent at an unnamed major U.S. newspaper.

Though the security flaws APT28 used are new, it had been well established that the group was highly skilled. Saturday s report is one in a flurry generated by rival firms ahead of the RSA Conference next week in San Francisco, the largest annual technology security gathering in the country.

(Editing by Jonathan Oatis) 
2015-01-20
Alibaba, Tencent spend billions in race to be China's one-stop online shop Visitors use their smarts phones underneath the logo of Tencent at the Global Mobile Internet Conference in Beijing May 6, 2014. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon

People ride a double bicycle past a logo of The Alibaba Group at the company's headquarters on the outskirts of Hangzhou, Zhejiang province November 10, 2014. REUTERS/Aly Song

BEIJING/SHANGHAI Alibaba and Tencent spent more than $8 billion last year alone backing often strikingly similar ventures, as the Chinese Internet giants race to create online one-stop-shops to win the digital loyalty of a tenth of the world's population.

Before China became the biggest smartphone market, there was little overlap between the businesses of e-commerce leader Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, social networking firm Tencent Holdings Ltd and search engine provider Baidu Inc.

Now, as more and more Chinese use their phones for everything from shopping to booking restaurants, the three companies are increasingly stepping over each other - and investing in the same services - to attract the same users.

"What keeps people up at night is the fact that they might miss a certain trend or a certain hot company that really is going to bring all the attention and the users in," said Duncan Clark, managing director of Beijing-based consultancy BDA.

"The fight to stay essential, to stay relevant, to stay on top of the home screen, it's what it's all about."

In little over a month, taxi-hailing apps Didi Dache, supported by Tencent, and Alibaba-funded Kuaidi Dache raised over half a billion dollars each, while U.S. taxi app Uber attracted an undisclosed sum from Baidu.

The next arena looks set to be group-buying services, where customers agree to buy a certain item or service at the same time to gain discounts. Baidu bought out Nuomi last year and Alibaba-backed Meituan on Monday said it raised $700 million, valuing the company at $7 billion.

Group-buying site Dianping plans to raise a similar amount, people familiar with the matter told Reuters, declining to be named as they were not authorised to speak to the media. A Dianping spokeswoman declined to comment on the fundraising.

Fuelling the investment frenzy is the realisation that the platform with the most users will have by far the biggest returns, according to Taipei-based tech commentator Ben Thompson, who writes at stratechery.com.

"Alibaba, Tencent and Baidu... don't want to miss out - or finish a distant second, which is just as bad - so they're investing heavily," he said.

Asked about its investments, an Alibaba spokeswoman said its strategy is focused on increasing users and expanding its products and services. Tencent did not respond to several requests for comment and Baidu declined to comment.

Alibaba founder Jack Ma and Tencent chief Pony Ma (no relation) have a history of one-upmanship in sectors ranging from gaming to microblogs. That rivalry aside, all online firms are looking over each other's shoulders to ensure they don't miss out on the next big thing.

"They have hundreds of people scouring the startup universe in China, India, the United States," said Gary Rieschel, managing partner at Chinese investment firm Qiming Venture Partners.

A lot of the money major companies invest in Chinese startups is spent on building up user numbers via promotions and marketing. In the first quarter of 2014, Tencent said marketing costs jumped 93 percent to 1.9 billion yuan ($306 million), in large part because of subsidies for Didi Dache.

Investing big in a service, however, doesn't guarantee it will succeed. "It's right to question what are the limits of this," said BDA's Clark. "Not all these people can win."

($1 = 6.2190 yuan)

(Editing by Christopher Cushing) Netflix adds 4.3 million streaming subscribers, shares soar Netflix Inc added 4.3 million net subscribers to its TV and movie streaming service worldwide in the fourth quarter, helped by expansion into new markets, sending its shares soaring in after market trading.

The online movie streaming giant's shares rose as much as 14.4 percent to $398.90, after it also reported a better-than-expected adjusted quarterly profit.

The company added 2.43 million net subscribers in international markets and 1.9 million in the United States and said it expects to add about 4 million net subscribers in the current quarter.

Netflix said it would offer the "controversial comedy" movie "The Interview" to U.S. and Canadian subscribers beginning Jan. 24.

The Sony Pictures-produced comedy about a fictional plot to assassinate North Korean leader Kim Jong Un is believed to have triggered a cyber attack on the studio and racked up over $40 million in sales from 5.8 million digital downloads.

Netflix also said its first original feature film, "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon II: The Green Destiny", would debut on Aug. 26 worldwide. The company expects to open the film on select IMAX screens the same day as it releases online.

Netflix, which plans to launch streaming services in Australia and New Zealand in March, is focusing on producing original series to fend off competition from Time Warner Inc's HBO, Amazon.com Inc and Hulu, as well as on-demand offerings from pay TV providers.

Amazon on Monday announced plans to begin producing original movies.

Netflix has won widespread acclaim for its TV series "House of Cards" and "Orange is the New Black", including a Golden Globe award for actor Kevin Spacey earlier this month.

The company also said it intends to debut a second season of "Marco Polo" in 2016, a sweeping adventure drama that has been panned by critics.

Netflix's net income rose to $83.4 million, or $1.35 per share, in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31, from $48.4 million, or 79 cents per share, a year earlier.

Excluding a 63 cent benefit from a tax accrual release related to resolution of tax audit, the company reported a profit of 72 cents per share.

Revenue rose to $1.48 billion from $1.18 billion.

Analysts had expected profit of 45 cents per share on revenue of $1.48 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

(Reporting by Lisa Richwine and Lehar Maan; Editing by Simon Jennings) 
2015-12-09
Google Fiber   Alphabet Inc.'s Super-Fast Internet Service   Could Be Coming ...   Google Fiber   Alphabet Inc. s Super-Fast Internet Service   Could Be Coming to L.A.

Alphabet Inc. said it would explore adding its super-fast Internet service to Los Angeles, the largest city yet in the tech giant s nascent bid to build a network of hyper-connected urban centers called Google Fiber.

The announcement Tuesday, which provided few details, comes only a day after AT&T said it would expand its equivalent of super-fast broadband service into 38 additional cities, including parts of L.A.

L.A. city officials have been calling on Internet providers to upgrade their speeds to match some of the leading cities for connectivity such as Seoul and Tokyo.

Google Fiber is currently available in three cities: Kansas City, Mo.; Provo, Utah; and Austin, Texas. The service will soon roll out in six other cities: Salt Lake City; Atlanta; San Antonio; Nashville; Charlotte, N.C.; and Raleigh-Durham, N.C. The company is also trying to bring Google Fiber to San Diego, Irvine and Chicago, which was named alongside L.A. in Tuesday s announcement.

Click here to read the full story on LATimes.com. Google Life Sciences Rebrands As Verily To Pursue Futuristic Medicine Google Life Sciences rebranded itself as Verily and became a subsidiary of Alphabet.

Last month, Google Life Sciences and the American Heart Association announced a five-year, $50 million collaboration.

Verily was previously a part of the Google X "moonshot" labs.

Verily has ongoing projects in medical hardware, software, clinical applications, and sciences, including bio-molecular nanotechnology projects.

Google wants to leverage its top position in the computing technologies upon which health care and medicine increasingly depend, to become a major player in life technologies.

Google Life Sciences, the life sciences unit of Google - now Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG) - rebranded as Verily and became a subsidiary of Alphabet.

"As a life sciences team within Google[x], we were able to combine the best of our technology heritage with expertise from across many fields," states the Verily website. "Now, as an independent company, Verily is focused on using technology to better understand health, as well as prevent, detect, and manage disease."

Last month, Google Life Sciences and the American Heart Association announced a five-year, $50 million collaboration.

In August, Google restructured into the Alphabet holding company. The move separated the company's main online businesses like search, YouTube and Android from the visionary long-term projects called "moonshots."

"[The] newer Google is a bit slimmed down, with the companies that are pretty far afield of our main Internet products contained in Alphabet instead," said Google co-founder Larry Page, now CEO of Alphabet. "What do we mean by far afield? Good examples are our health efforts: Life Sciences (that works on the glucose-sensing contact lens), and Calico (focused on longevity). 

"I am delighted to announce that the life sciences team is now ready to graduate from our X lab and become a standalone Alphabet company, with Andy Conrad as CEO," said Google co-founder Sergey Brin, now President of Alphabet. "While the reporting structure will be different, their goal remains the same. They ll continue to work with other life sciences companies to move new technologies from early stage R&D to clinical testing and, hopefully transform the way we detect, prevent, and manage disease."

The rebranding has been completed on December 7. The brand new website states that Verily, with its advanced research tools, large scale computing power, and unique technical expertise, will work with partners from across the industry and many fields of research to develop new technology, launch studies, and start companies. "Our mission is to bring together technology and life sciences to uncover new truths about health and disease," is Verily's bold mission statement. "Picture a world in which technology and life sciences are not distinct, but partners with a united mission."

The hardware team at Verily is building devices and tools that are smaller, more powerful, and more convenient than ever before. For example, Verily is developing a contact smart lens with an embedded glucose sensor to enable people with diabetes to monitor their condition continuously. Software specialists are developing systems that can analyze complex health information with machine learning algorithms and computational techniques. For example, a research program in multiple sclerosis combines wearable sensors with traditional clinical tests and new lab-based tests.

The Verily clinical effort aims to apply the latest technology to the study of health and disease. The Baseline Study is one of these dedicated efforts, a multi-year initiative that aims to identify the traits of a healthy human by closely observing the transition to disease. The science team is pursuing a better understanding of the processes that lead to conditions like cancer, heart disease, and diabetes, using automated experimental and computational systems biology platforms and life sciences tools. Examples of Verily's science work are bio-molecular nanotechnology projects for precision diagnostics and therapeutic delivery, and advanced imaging methods for applications ranging from early diagnosis to surgical robotics.

Fast Company notes that Google has two important resources - cheap data storage and processing power - to become an important player in the new age of medicine characterized by the pervasive use of sensors, digital medical records, Big Data, and Artificial Intelligence (AI).

In particular, Google is one of the top players in algorithms and sophisticated computing infrastructures for AI. The best statement of Alphabet's bold and ambitious vision of future health care, medicine, and life sciences, is due to Bill Maris, President and Managing Partner of Google Ventures."If you ask me today, is it possible to live to be 500? The answer is yes," he said.

With the launch of Verily, which presumably will work in close partnership with Calico, Alphabet is making a spectacular and potentially disruptive entry in the health and medicine sectors. The company wants to leverage its top position in the computing technologies upon which health care and medicine increasingly depend, to become a major player in life technologies. It seem likely that Verily and Calico will soon contribute to boosting Alphabet's stock. Google's Chairman Wants Algorithms to Censor the Internet for Hate Speech In an op-ed for The New York Times (paywall), Eric Schmidt, the executive chairman of Google, inserted himself directly into the middle of a heated debate about the line between fighting terrorism s online reach and internet censorship.

 It s our responsibility to demonstrate that stability and free expression go hand in hand,  he writes.  We should build tools to help de-escalate tensions on social media sort of like spell-checkers, but for hate and harassment. 

His words came just after Hillary Clinton, the frontrunner for the Democratic presidential nomination, called on Silicon Valley to  disrupt ISIL  last weekend in Washington DC. Clinton said it is crucial to  deprive jihadists of virtual territory  by shutting off their means of communication.

With the rapid rise of ISIL and its sophisticated online recruitment and propaganda efforts, tech companies have been struggling with finding the balance between preventing terrorists from disseminating their message and being perceived as government tools for controlling the internet. Schmidt underlined that tech platforms should target terrorists  social media accounts and remove video content something that Google, Facebook, and Twitter already strive to do.

Schmidt did not provide details about his proposed  spell-checkers  for hate, but his suggestion may prove difficult to realize.

The debate about free speech versus hate speech is already a very controversial one, both in the United States where free speech is protected by the constitution, and elsewhere. People can barely agree on the definition of hate speech, so building algorithms to balance that fine line would be a tall order.

There are some other, less complicated ideas out there for fighting terrorists online. Donald Trump offered at a rally in South Carolina that maybe we should just shut down the internet. Trump said: Tech Romance Builds as Microsoft Leads Group to 15-Year High Oil s plunging, drillers are in free fall, retailers can t find a floor -- so how has the entire U.S. stock market managed to avoid caving in? The reason is technology stocks.

While computer and software makers fell today, they ve jumped 13 percent in the market s post-Sept. 29 surge, fueled by investors chasing earnings growth. Gains in the Standard & Poor s 500 Index s biggest group have since then surpassed consumer-discretionary companies, an industry that is being driven almost entirely by technology cousins Amazon.com Inc. and Netflix Inc.

This exuberance has pushed Microsoft Corp. and Broadcom Corp. to levels last seen in 2001, while Visa Inc., Adobe Systems Inc. and Fiserv Inc. are among stocks that achieved record highs in the past month. The group closed at a 15-year high Friday. A wave of mergers and acquisitions has buoyed semiconductor makers, which have experienced the strongest rally among the broader industry s three main sectors.

 Investors are starting to embrace some of the big-picture secular trends that will drive growth in these companies for years to come,  said Lew Piantedosi, vice president of growth equities at Eaton Vance Management in Boston, where he helps oversee almost $14 billion.  Even though the group s done pretty well, I think there s a long way to go. 

More evidence came in yesterday s market, a day in which the S&P 500 tumbled 0.7 percent and the Nasdaq Composite Index slipped just 0.1 percent. For the year, the S&P is down 0.6 percent, compared with the Nasdaq s 6.1 percent advance. Large-cap tech stocks fell today to close 1.5 percent lower as of 4 p.m. in New York.

The strength of semiconductor stocks is particularly encouraging because the companies are seen as the most economically sensitive in the tech universe, countering some of the renewed concerns about global growth, according to Piantedosi.

Along with  pretty powerful cyclical trends  -- namely, growth in industrial, automotive and housing end-markets -- these companies have benefited from industry consolidation, he said. Deals announced this year include Intel Corp. s planned purchase of Altera Corp. and Avago Technologies Ltd. s acquisition of Broadcom.

Consolidation provides an additional catalyst, but Atul Lele, chief investment officer at Deltec International Group, has had a bullish outlook on the group since 2013 because of attractive fundamentals.  We see the single biggest opportunity for global growth as being a rise in U.S. productivity growth,  with technology-makers directly benefiting from capital investment, said Lele, whose firm has about $2 billion in assets.

A  growth-starved market  has favored tech stocks since this summer s rout, said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank in Cleveland, a unit of KeyCorp that oversees more than $25 billion in assets.  Especially in an environment where economic growth has been weak and earnings growth has been weak, these are the sorts of stocks that often come through for you. 

Revenue in the large-cap tech sector is expected to rise 4.7 percent during the current year, the third-most of the 10 S&P 500 industries, while earnings will expand 12 percent. By comparison, revenue and earnings for the benchmark gauge are expected to contract.

While investors have a renewed focus on tech, megacaps still are doing the heavy lifting. Since late September, Microsoft, Apple Inc., Facebook Inc. and Alphabet Inc., Google s parent, have accounted for about 60 percent of the rally in S&P 500 technology shares.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

 Large-cap tech stocks are winning because they ve been able to deliver top-line and bottom-line growth in an environment where most other companies can t,  said Don Townswick, director of equities at Hartford, Connecticut-based Conning Inc., which manages $92 billion.  Since the bottom, market participants are focusing back on what they were focusing on before  and that s helped spur a broader tech rally, he said.

With stocks flirting with levels last seen in the dot-com bubble, is there cause for concern? No, Townswick says. The group isn t  overly frothy,  largely because companies are generating  real  revenue and earnings, and the industry is different now than 15 years ago, he said.

Even so, if the broader market were to weaken, tech stocks could lose favor because their moves normally exceed those in the overall index, McCain said. Meanwhile, breadth in the benchmark gauge is of concern to some investors and this industry still has pockets of weakness, he said.

Still, tech may assume the  leadership mantle  in 2016, as the year ahead could bring broader participation, Piantedosi said -- and Lele agrees.

 I can t think of another sector that has as significant an expansion in breadth ahead of it,  Lele said. 
2015-09-15
Alphabet Hires Director Of The National Institute of Mental Health For Its ... Alphabet has hired the (soon to be) former Director for the National Institute of Mental Health (NIH), Thomas Insel for its Life Sciences group, according to a statement from the agency.

Insel held the role for 13 years and will be stepping down officially on November 1st. This is a move that signals Alphabet s interest in mental illness, a problem that is extremely underserved all around the globe.

A Google spokesperson provided TechCrunch with the following statement:

Tom is coming on board to explore how the life sciences team at Google could have an impact on the huge challenges related to understanding, diagnosing, and treating mental illness. We re thrilled that he s joining the team and look forward to sharing more once he has a chance to get up and running.

While it s not completely clear what Insel will be working on, it sounds like he ll be given the freedom, as the top expert in the field, to continue his research with Alphabet s backing to do even more.

Featured Image: Bryce Durbin Google Inc (GOOGL) Looks to Prove Option Bears Wrong is riding the broad-market tailwinds higher, last seen up 2.2% at $666.99 -- bringing its year-to-date advance north of 25%. In fact, a sharp bounce off its 20-week moving average late last month has the stock taking aim at its record peak of $713.33, skimmed in July. Based on what's been happening in options land , another sharp upside move could be around the corner.Specifically, during the last two weeks at the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX), GOOGL has racked up a put/call volume ratio of 0.81. While call-skewed on an absolute basis, this ratio ranks just 4 percentage points from a 52-week high -- suggesting speculators have bought to open puts over calls at a near-annual-extreme clip, relatively speaking.This combination of strong technicals and negative sentiment is ideal for a bullish contrarian play . Specifically, if GOOGL continues to muscle up the charts, a capitulation among option bears could result in tailwinds.At the same time, it should be noted that recent Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) put buyers may not be bearish at all. In fact, these traders may be shareholders initiating put positions in order to hedge against an unexpected downturn in the long-term outperformer. With '$Cashtags,' Twitter plays greater campaign finance role The Twitter logo is shown at its corporate headquarters in San Francisco, California April 28, 2015. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith

NEW YORK/WASHINGTON When Senator Bernie Sanders  presidential election campaign took over earlier this year the Twitter and Facebook accounts he had used in his Senate election races, there was almost no-one following him.

Now, Sanders' campaign has 1.4 million Facebook likes   more than his rival for the Democratic nomination Hillary Clinton, who is much better known. And he boasts 446,000 followers on Twitter, which is more than the campaign accounts of Republican hopefuls Jeb Bush and Chris Christie combined.

Smart use of social media has been important for Sanders' rise as a little-known liberal from Vermont to serious challenger of former Senator and U.S. Secretary of State Clinton.

Twitter is now trying to take its role in the 2016 White House race to another level by enabling campaigns to

gather online donations via tweets.

Under a partnership between Twitter Inc and mobile payments company Square Inc announced on Tuesday, campaigns are able to tweet URLs known as "$Cashtags" to request donations. Supporters then enter details of their debit card and other information to donate to a candidate.

Sanders' campaign, despite its love of social media, does not expect a big windfall from the new function, said

Kenneth Pennington, the campaign social media director.

"Our social media strategy is not about raising money, that s not what we do on social media," he said. That s not the focus on our work. The focus is getting the message out. 

Big-money Super PAC (political action committee) donors would still dominate the fundraising field, said Robert Entman, Shapiro Professor of Media and Public Affairs at George Washington University.

"Younger people tend to use Twitter more and they might have enthusiasm, but they probably have less money to contribute," Entman said.

Small-dollar, online donations "are going to be swamped by the Super PACs and wealthy individuals who are making huge contributions. And that's what matters most," he said.

SMALL DONATIONS

Sanders has eschewed the proliferation of big money in politics. He is funding his campaign for the Democratic Party's nomination to run in the November 2016 election through small-dollar donations.

His campaign test drove the new Twitter fundraising tool on Tuesday but said it was too soon to know how much in donations that could produce, or whether they would keep trying.

Candidates would benefit from the easier, more interactive

donation process, but those with less name recognition and a broader, more active base stand to gain the most from donations on Twitter, said Daniel Kreiss, Assistant Professor of Political Communications at the University of North Carolina.

"The candidates who have engaging and lively and very quick responses," Kreiss said, "are going to be the ones who are going to be able to benefit from this."

Twitter said on Tuesday that six other campaigns, all Republicans, were already using the new tool.

They included the campaign of Kentucky Senator Rand Paul, a frequent user of social media to reach a young audience with his libertarian message.

Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson is another previously low-profile candidate who has leveraged social media to win attention among a crowded field of Republicans vying for the party's nomination.

Carson has more than 590,600 followers on Twitter and 2.88 million Facebook likes.

Republican front-runner Donald Trump has 4.15 million Twitter followers but the real estate mogul has less of a need of donations because his campaign is largely self financed.

Democratic front-runner Clinton's campaign on Tuesday tweeted a "$Cashtag" asking supporters for donations.

"Hillary has been fighting for women and families her entire life. If you're with her, chip in today," her tweet read.

For more on the 2016 presidential race, see the Reuters blog,  Tales from the Trail  (here).

(Additional reporting by Meredith Mazzilli, Writing by Alistair Bell; Editing by Grant McCool) Market turbulence or not, North American investors plow into farm tech WINNIPEG/KANSAS CITY North American investors are pouring money into agriculture technology despite turbulent financial and commodity markets, as cutting-edge advances that enhance farm production bring opportunities for profits.

Investment in this technology, which spans plant and soil technology to drones, amounted to $2.06 billion in the first half of 2015, on pace to smash last year's record $2.36 billion, according to AgFunder, which matches startups with investors.

Technology that reduces reliance on chemicals and fertilizers is one area of interest. The most widely used herbicide, glyphosate, was classified this year by the World Health Organization as a probable human carcinogen, and farmers also face scrutiny for over-applying fertilizer.

"Biologicals," which use natural sources such as bacteria, are especially attractive. In this field, researchers harness soil and plant microbes and bacteria for products that protect plants from disease and drought.

Biological solutions face fewer regulatory hurdles and are more environmentally friendly than chemicals while still yielding crop production benefits, agricultural experts said.

"This kind of capability is really what we believe is necessary for the future of food production," said Sonya Franklin, director of microbial traits at Monsanto Co, the world's largest seed company.

Some companies in the sector could see revenue growth of 20 percent per year for five years, said Todd Solow, a partner in Norwest Equity Partners of Minneapolis.

Norwest's sale of agriculture technology company Becker Underwood to BASF Corp for $1.02 billion in 2012 came after its revenue increased four-fold to $246 million from the time of Norwest's 2004 purchase of a controlling stake.

"If you have differentiated technology and can prove to the market that you have yield-enhancing capabilities, you have the potential for very significant growth," said Solow.

That kind of return has attracted the interest of Bank of Montreal, which is looking to help companies raise funds prior to any initial public offerings (IPOs) and facilitate mergers and acquisitions.

"There are all sorts of new technologies being developed in and around crop nutrients, crop efficiency, seed efficiency," said Greg Pearlman, head of Bank of Montreal's food and consumer group. "We think this is a hot area."

Monsanto, together with Syngenta AG and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation are investors in North Carolina-based AgBiome LLC, which recently raised $34.5 million for research and the launch of a new biological fungicide.

"The industry has an ongoing need for new and innovative products. We have a lot of people to feed in the coming decades," said Dan Tomso, AgBiome's chief science officer.

Another company with large interests in agriculture, Canadian fertilizer-maker Agrium Inc, bought stakes in two plant technology companies in 2014.

"In the last two years definitely it's picked up in the number of companies willing to talk about joint ventures or all-out acquisitions," said Brent Smith, vice president of Agrium subsidiary Loveland Products.

A recent deal in the sector was last month's $160 million purchase by U.S.-based Intrexon Corp of Oxford University spin-off company Oxitec, which specializes in controlling insect damage to crops.

Venture capital firms have also been attracted to the sector, with funding up 2 percent from July 2014 through June 2015 over a year earlier despite a 16 percent dip in the broader "clean tech" sector, according to professional services firm PwC.

Massachusetts-based Symbiota LLC, launched two years ago with $7.5 million from Flagship Ventures, is testing products to help crops yield more with less water and fertilizer, while fighting disease.

"The potential for this space is absolutely astronomical," said founder Geoffrey von Maltzahn.

At the ground level, farmers are paying more to grow more.

Mark Nelson uses modern technology on much of his Kansas farm, but he said the costs are high.

Still, he sees improved yields from the latest farming advances. "It's not our father's agriculture anymore."

(Reporting by Rod Nickel in Winnipeg and Carey Gillam in Kansas City; Editing by Toni Reinhold) Russian man pleads guilty in US over record cyber heist A Russian man pleaded guilty on Tuesday to involvement in what authorities called the largest computer hacking scheme ever prosecuted in the United States, compromising more than 160 million credit card numbers and causing more than $300 million of losses.

Vladimir Drinkman, 34, admitted to conspiring to illegally access computers and conspiring to commit wire fraud before Chief Judge Jerome Simandle of the federal district court in Camden, New Jersey, federal prosecutors said.

Drinkman was accused of working with four other defendants as far back as 2003 to install "sniffers" designed to comb through and steal data from computer networks of financial companies, payment processors and retailers. Prosecutors said the defendants then used an array of computers to store and ultimately sell data they collected.

Sixteen companies' networks were infiltrated, including those of Nasdaq OMX Group Inc, 7-Eleven, France's Carrefour SA, JC Penney Co, JetBlue Airways Corp, a Visa Inc licensee, and Heartland Payment Systems Inc, prosecutors said,

Drinkman, of Moscow and Syktyvkar, Russia, faces up to 30 years in prison on the wire fraud conspiracy count when he is sentenced on Jan. 15, 2016.

He may get a lesser term reflecting his "recognition and affirmative acceptance of personal responsibility," according to his plea agreement. Nine other criminal charges were dismissed.

"Defendants like Vladimir Drinkman, who have the skills to break into our computer networks and the inclination to do so, pose a cutting edge threat to our economic well-being, our privacy and our national security," U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman in New Jersey said in a statement.

Florian Miedel, a lawyer for Drinkman, did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

The defendant has been in U.S. custody since his extradition from the Netherlands, where he was arrested in June 2012.

Another Russian man implicated in the scheme, Dmitriy Smilianets, 32, is also in U.S. custody after pleading not guilty to all charges he faced in August 2013.

Still at large are Alexandr Kalinin, 28, of St. Petersburg, Russia; Roman Kotov, 34, of Moscow; and Mikhail Rytikov, 28, of Odessa, Ukraine.

Drinkman and Kalinin were previously been charged as "Hacker 1" and "Hacker 2" in a 2009 indictment accusing Albert Gonzalez of Miami over his involvement in five corporate data breaches. Gonzalez is serving a 20-year federal prison term.

The case is U.S. v. Drinkman, U.S. District Court, District of New Jersey, No. 09-cr-00626.

(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Tom Brown) Jeff Kagan: Will Cable TV Die? News

A funny thing seems to be happening in the Pay TV space. We always thought it would be Apple TV that would transform cable television, but instead, over the last few years we have seen AT&T (T) Uverse and Verizon (VZ) FiOS take that honor. Even CenturyLink (CTL) Prism is joining the party. Now AT&T DirecTV, Verizon Go90 and Apple (AAPL) TV are punching with more blows to the weakened cable TV industry. Will this be the final blow to companies like Comcast (CMCSA) , Time Warner (TWX) Cable, Charter (CHTR) and Cox?

It all depends on how traditional cable television reacts to these new industry threats and challenges. New competitors and new technologies are transforming the traditional television space. Cable TV does not have a good quality relationship with their customers. They never had to build one, so they never learned how to do so.

Cable TV was always the only game in town. So, since the customers didn t have a choice and could not leave, cable TV never cared about taking care of, and building relationships with customers. However, all of the sudden, the customer does have choice, and they are leaving the traditional cable TV industry. Cable TV has been losing customers over the last few years. Suddenly, the industry is struggling to create quality relationships with their customers.

Competitive Threats to Cable TV Growing

Threats to traditional cable television are emerging in recent years. These threats are lead by telephone companies offering IPTV. Now that AT&T and DirecTV have merged, and Verizon is launching their go90 through their FiOS unit, the threat and challenge to traditional cable TV is increasing.

Now Apple TV, if successful, could turn the heat up even more, and further transform the space. Plus, I see more competition coming all the time. There are plenty of competitors like Dish, Google (GOOG) and others who can also make an impact. Added to Netflix (NFLX) , Amazon.com (AMZN) , Hulu and others, the television space is definitely in a major transformation.

New TV Technology is Also Changing Everything

The way television is delivered and watched is also changing. No longer do we have to sit at home at a certain hour to watch our favorite shows. Television is going wireless. That means we can watch it on our smartphones or tablets, over the wireless network, anytime and any place...and this changes everything.

Bottom line, cable television is in the sights of many new competitors and new technologies, and cable is feeling the heat. So what is the future for cable TV? That s the sticky question.

Prediction for Cable TV

I predict some cable television providers will transform and start to grow again. They will remain strong competitors in the industry. However, some will try and fail, or not try at all. These are the losers. These companies will fade. They will likely be acquired by competitors over the next decade.

There are no guarantees, and cable television companies will no longer own this space. There will be wins and losses. The only question is...to what extent. Remember how new competition and new competitors transformed other industries?

Remember how past leaders like Nokia (NOK) and Blackberry (BBRY) gave way to new leaders like Apple iPhone, Google Android and Samsung Galaxy? It happens...and it happens quickly.

One thing is for sure: Cable TV is no longer bulletproof. Changes are afoot, and making the right choice as a customer, worker and investor is key.

Equities.com columnist Jeff Kagan is a Wireless Analyst, Telecom Analyst, Industry Analyst and consultant. He shares thoughts on the changing industry, which he's been following for 25 years. He follows what's hot, what's not, why and what's coming next. Email him at jeff@jeffKAGAN.com.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer 
2015-06-23
Is There a Solution to the Problem of Communications in Natural Disasters? News

On April 26th, we witnessed a devastating earthquake hit Nepal, taking over 5,000 lives. We all know that in such disaster-stricken areas, the first 24-48 hours are crucial to saving lives and assessing the situation. We also know that as with Nepal all phone, cellular and internet infrastructures have been hit hard, leaving aid workers to scrabble around with handwritten messages. The international Red Cross and leading companies like Google, Inc. (GOOG) and Facebook, Inc. (FB) have tried to provide tools that help connect people and rescue teams. However, large-scale power outages and last-mile Internet connectivity problems prevent nearly all connection between dispersed rescue teams, people, family members and aid workers. Communications becomes a vital means of life-saving efforts and critical decision making, without which no massive or significant rescues can take place. There are several communications infrastructures available today however the question is how do they perform in critical situations such as natural disasters and to what extend can we rely on them?

In a disaster-stricken area like Nepal, one of the biggest communication obstacles is rubble -- especially in urban environment such as Kathmandu. Crumbled buildings and densely populated areas (in communications terms referred to as N-LOS (non-line of sight) areas). When buildings collapse, the high mountains of rubble obstruct any line of sight, thus blocking almost any means of communications.

Another important concern in disaster stricken areas is the need for a stable communications network. This allows for multiple people to communicate from multiple locations and sources. Rescue teams and local forces need to communicate with each other, and with local headquarters, as well as calling for additional backup units and warning people of dangers and aftershocks.

The most common communication infrastructure that we ve all become dependent on is the cellular or mobile infrastructure. Mobile infrastructure unfortunately is the first to collapse in times of disaster and immediately becomes unviable. Furthermore, when people divert to cellular communication modes, with their constant power outages, they don't have the power to charge their batteries. This makes communication unreliable in yet another way.

Most communications systems are designed to provide point-to-point communications with voice capabilities only, meaning they likely will not be able to overcome N-LOS scenarios.

TETRA, for instance, formerly known as (Trans-European Trunked Radio) is a mobile radio and two-way transceiver communication mode, also known by its common name as walkie-talkie. TETRA was specifically designed for public safety use. TETRA provides a limited point  to-point voice communications between only two people. Overcoming natural disaster events requires full communications networks to manage multiple dispatch units, rescue teams and search crews from both land and air. Such mass missions and tasks require a robust and scalable communications network that s capable of supporting all relevant crews and rescue teams   something that TETRA is not designed to do.

Today more than ever, real-time video has great impact and contribution to assessing situations and understand the scope of events within this turmoil and chaos environment. The ability to send live video from onsite locations is critical. COFDM communications technology enables video transfer and may even overcome some N-LOS challenges; however, as with most communication systems, COFDM mostly provides a one-way point-to-point video only communications, and is not designed to deliver a scalable communications network.

So is Reliable Communication a Lost Cause?

So the question remains   is stable, reliable communications network a lost cause in disaster situations? The answer is no. Today, more and more organizations, governments and public safety offices are becoming aware of the following terms: Mission-Critical-Communications and MESH technology. These often deliver communications abilities by creating a private communication network, usually without the need for existing communications infrastructure.

There are a few MESH based communications solutions out there. MESH technology refers to a radio based private communications network where all units are connected to each other and can act as backup to other units in the network. This ensures connectivity, even in extremely harsh conditions. MESH technology delivers HD video, data and voice in real-time, and can receive and broadcast the information from and to multiple locations and sources. The network also finds the best route for transmitting all the information and operates regardless of any existing communications infrastructure.

With a high performance Ad-Hoc MESH technology communications solution, first responders, emergency services, crews and forces communicate as a unified workforce immediately upon arrival at scene. This makes the first 24-48 hours that are crucial to saving lives much more effective, with a powerful response rate and situation assessment.

Receiving HD video, data and VoIP from multiple sources, directly to a command mobile unit post expands the scope of field and the information available to make critical decisions in real time. It also often dictates the success of rescue efforts and support for the people in the area.

We have seen the same challenges in Nepal, during Super Storm Sandy and various other natural disasters. In each case, governments and organizations are becoming more aware of the need for a reliable communications infrastructure. While we cannot control Mother Nature, we can certainly adapt   and MESH technology does just that.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer English teen Tom Holland is Marvel's new 'Spider-Man' NEW YORK Little-known English actor Tom Holland has been picked to play the web-slinging superhero in the next "Spider-Man" film, which is due for release in July 2017, Sony Pictures and Marvel Studios said on Tuesday.

Holland, 19, will play Spider-Man's teenage alter ego Peter Parker as a high-school age student in the upcoming, yet-to-be titled film.

He follows in the footsteps of Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield, who have portrayed the comic book superhero at older stages of his life in the five previous movies.

Holland played Naomi Watt's son in the 2012 tsunami drama "The Impossible" and recently appeared in the British television miniseries "Wolf Hall."

He was selected after a worldwide casting search to appear in the film that will be directed by Jon Watts."We saw many terrific young actors, but Tom's screen tests were special," Tom Rothman, the chairman of Sony Pictures Motion Pictures Group, said in a statement.

News of Holland's selection may disappoint some fans who had said they wanted a black actor to play Spider-Man for the upcoming film.

Walt Disney Co's Marvel Studios will co-produce the film with Sony. Under the agreement announced in February, Spider-Man will appear in the Marvel film, and Marvel characters, such as Iron Man, Thor and Captain America, can appear in later Spider-Man films.

Holland is expected to make his first appearance as Spider-Man in "Captain America: Civil War," which is due for release in summer 2016.

Sony Pictures Entertainment, a division of Sony Corp, will continue to own the cinematic rights to Spider-Man.

Writer Stan Lee and writer/artist Steve Ditko created the fictional superhero character, who first appeared in comics in 1962.

The "Spider-Man" franchise has earned more than $4 billion at the box office worldwide, making it the most successful franchise in the history of Sony Pictures.

(Reporting by Patricia Reaney; Editing by Eric Beech) 
2015-11-05
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Apple Inc. (AAPL) at War Over Office Space Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google owns the Android mobile OS that runs on more than 80% of the smartphones in use worldwide. A large chunk of those smartphones running Android OS are used by private users as business users think of the Android OS unstable. Now, Google is stepping up efforts to rebrand Android phones for use in the workplace as it pushes its Apps for Work project for get corporate users on board the Android platform.

Apple gets into the enterprise game

Interestingly, Google is not the only firm that wants corporate users to its platform. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is also stepping up its game to start selling its iPhones to business users even as the uses of iPhones rises in the workplace. The loser though has been BlackBerry Ltd whose BES platform boasts the most secure platform for business uses.

Apple has also gotten into the war for corporate users as its VP Internet Software and Services, Eddy Cue says the firm has a strong focus on business tech. Eddie Cue hinted that the firm s enterprise sales has hit $25B. He says that the firm doesn t know vertical markets but that it is now making a stronger effort to get more of its devices into the workplace.

Alphabet s Google want to woo business users with apps

Google s App for Work project is the firms plan to make inroads into the workplace as its offers Gmail for work, Drive for work, Hangouts, and more. The firm boasts more than 2 million firms using Google for business and it has about 5 million firms if you include those still on the free-trial period. Android for Work makes it easier for the firm to deploy its business products to users across their mobile devices.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

Tech Crunch reports that Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is now has a new program that it can use to vet third party apps. The new program is designed to attract users in the workplace and app makers to its Apps for Work platform. More so, Google is launching a new plan that offers users free Nexus 5X phones in order to woo them in the Android for Work platform.

Computer World reports that Google has launched new programs in Android for Work and that the first 3,000 firms to set up Android for Work will get a free Nexus 5X that they can uses to test out all the features that the Android OS offers business users.

Andrew Toy, at Android for Work says the choice of Nexus 5 is a no-brainer because  Nexus phone because it will have access to the latest version of Google s OS and current updates . Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) notes that about 19,000 firms are already testing out the Android for Work program. Alphabet Inc Discovers 11 Security Flaws In Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has published at least 11 security vulnerabilities that it discovered in Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (KRX:005935)(OTCMKTS:SSNLF) s Galaxy S6 Edge smartphone. According to Alphabet s assessment, some of the security flaws found in the Galaxy S6 Edge are more severe than others. Samsung has already moved to fix some of the problems.

It is emerging that some of the implementations that Samsung made in the Android version that runs on its S6 Edge smartphone introduced multiple security flaws. After a week of intense testing, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) discovered at least 11 vulnerabilities in the S6 Edge that its Zero Project security researchers termed as  high-impact  flaws.

Faulty download scanning

In one instance, Alphabet noted that a code that Samsung added to S6 Edge s operating system resulted in downloaded zipped files not being thoroughly scanned. For example, scanning of such files failed to verify the path of the file, which creates the risk of the unzipped file being written in the wrong location. That vulnerability can trigger automatic Web search whereby a browser fires up on its own and opens a website without the intervention of the user. Hackers can take advantage of such vulnerability to escalate attacks against their targets.

Unprivileged access to emails

Another high-impact vulnerability that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) discovered in the S6 Edge involved risk of authorized email access. For example, Alphabet found that a code in the phone s operating system could trigger a series of intent that may result in emails being forwarded to another account without the input or permission of the user. Consequently, the flaw exposes S6 Edge to the risk of unintentionally giving away sensitive details, such as contacts, to potential hackers.

Samsung fixes most problems

Alphabet initially informed Samsung about the security flaws before it published them after 90 days. According to Alphabet, Samsung has fixed or is in the process of fixing most of the flaws highlighted. However, at least three flaws that are classified as less severe still persist.

Keeping Android secure

As Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) battles erosion of its mobile base by Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), the company has, in recent times, become more active in Android security monitoring. By communicating vulnerabilities, Alphabet keeps Android hardware partners on their toes to make their products more secure to prevent customer defection. Why Larry Page Created Alphabet Larry Page is the prototypical inscrutable CEO. In a rare interview Monday at the Fortune Global Forum, Page didn t say much about much. He is an engineer who speaks like one, and he s also a clever guy who knows how to keep his considerable cards close to his vest.

Page did make one offhand comment that resonated with me, especially the more I think about it. Asked how he thought about Google s plans in China, he said,  I ve delegated this question to Sundar. I help him think about it so I don t have to answer this question.  He was referring to Sundar Pichai, the veteran product executive Page made CEO of Google ( goog ) when he created the holding company Alphabet and made himself CEO of the new entity. (Not for nothing, Page chuckled and grinned widely after saying this. Watch the full interview here .)

That comment did more than anything previously to help me understand the point of Alphabet. This is now the second time Page has handed off day-to-day responsibility for the core Google business. The first time he dished it to Eric Schmidt, in order to get a more seasoned hand in charge. By now a seasoned executive himself, this time Page handed off Google so he could focus on big thoughts and leave the operational details to someone else.

It makes perfect sense. I highly doubt Page suddenly has become lazy. Still, does he want to spend hours and days diving into the nitty-gritty of how Google can bring its ad-search business to China? Maybe yes, maybe no. Regardless, it is Pichai s responsibility to do so, and Page can dart in and out as warranted and as he chooses.

It s not as if Page is the only CEO to outsource such important tasks. In an interview at the conference on Tuesday, Comcast ( cmcsa ) CEO Brian Roberts told me he uses the same structure. Veteran media executive Steve Burke runs NBCUniversal, and Neil Smit, a seasoned cable hand, oversees Comcast s cable business. Roberts says his chief task is to think about Comcast s culture. That s undoubtedly a gross understatement, but it s no joke that Burke and Smit are responsible for their domains at Comcast.

It is clich  to say the CEO job is too big for one person. Clich , perhaps, but also sometimes true, as Page, Roberts, and other clear-thinking chief executives can attest.

This article first appeared in the daily Fortune newsletter Data Sheet. Subscribe here for a daily dose of analysis from Adam Lashinsky and a curation of the day s technology news from Heather Clancy. These are the stocks to watch as robots take over the world Robots taking over the world is a popular theme in pop culture -- and it s also emerging as a compelling investment idea as robots step off the pages of science fiction novels into assembly lines and homes.

 Robots are likely to be performing 45% of manufacturing tasks by 2025 versus 10% today,  said Beija Ma, an equity strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, in a 300-page report titled,  Robot Revolution   Global Robot & AI Primer. 

Ma estimated that the robots and AI solutions market will grow to $153 billion by 2020, with robots and robotics grabbing an $83 billion share and AI-based analytics taking $70 billion worth.

Global sales of robots topped $10.7 billion in 2014, with China, the U.S., Japan, Korea and Germany accounting for 70% of the market.

Bank of America Merrill Lynch

Meanwhile, AI has become an integral part of technology with companies like Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% Facebook Inc. FB, -0.14% Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% International Business Machines Corp. IBM, -0.66% Intel Corp. INTC, -1.07% LinkedIn Corp. US:LNKD Yahoo Inc. YHOO, +0.15% and Twitter Inc. TWTR, -0.83% investing heavily in AI-based technologies.

In a span of 12 months, Google bought 9 robotics companies while Uber hired 40 researchers from Carnegie Mellon University to develop auto-driving technology, she added.

 AI has become an essential part of the technology industry including the 3.5 billion plus Google searches made every day and is increasingly providing the heavy lifting for many of the most challenging problems in computer science,  said Ma.

The eight sectors that offer solid entry points for investors to take advantage of the robot theme are AI, aerospace and defense, autos and transport, financials, health care, industrials, services and agriculture and mining.

Driverless cars, alone, have the potential to generate positive impact valued at $200 billion to $1.9 trillion by 2025.

The defense sector is also expected to witness a surge in adoption of robots and AI due to a desire by government to reduce fatalities while adopting riskier tactics. Drones currently account for 80% of all military robots.

In the financial sector, robo advisers and automated trading systems are forecast to take on the work of 110-140 million full-time equivalents and are expected to generate $5.2 trillion to $6.7 trillion in impact.

 Robots and AI are becoming an integral part of our daily lives as providers of labor, mobility, safety, convenience, and entertainment,  Ma said.

Among the some 200 stocks covered by Bank of America Merrill Lynch with exposure to robotics, only 9 companies are considered pure plays where they derive 100% of their sales from robots and AI.

They are Intuitive Surgical Inc. ISRG, +0.07% Rockwell Automation Corp. ROK, -1.20% ABB Ltd. ABB, -1.22% Japan s Fanuc FANUF, -0.43% Mitsubishi Electric 6503, +0.10% Nabtesco 6268, -0.37% Omron 6645, +0.21% Yaskawa Electric 6506, -0.20% and China s Inovance 300124, +0.34% .

 Although it is difficult to accurately gauge the link between such exposure and share price performance, we still consider robot and AI exposure as an important and positive point to track given that robots and AI is a global  Transforming World  theme with a long lifespan,  said Ma. Zacks Industry Outlook Highlights: Apple, Alphabet, PayPal, Visa and Mastercard For Immediate Release



Chicago, IL - November 05, 2015 - Today, Zacks Equity Research discusses the eCommerce, part 2, including Apple ( AAPL ), Alphabet ( GOOGL ), PayPal ( PYPL ), Visa ( V ) and Mastercard ( MA ).



Industry: eCommerce, part 2Link: http://www.zacks.com/commentary/61537/ecommerce-outlook-part-2-online-payments-poised-for-take-off The online payments market is poised to grow at a steady -- if not super-fast -- rate over the next few years.According to Capgemini estimates, the segment, which includes closed loop/mobile apps, digital wallets, mobile money and virtual currencies, accounted for between 6.3% and 10.5% of global non-cash payments volume at the end of 2014. The main drivers that the research firm cited were customer adoption of contactless and mobile payments systems in mature markets, payments infrastructure modernization efforts (like EMV: Europay, Mastercard and Visa), and implementation of immediate payments systems across markets.Non-cash payments volumes are still concentrated mostly in the U.S. followed by Europe but China is growing the fastest.The demand for online payment systems depends primarily on the speed, convenience, broad availability/acceptance and security of payments systems at the lowest possible cost.In addition, most customers would like to feel special, and companies taking the trouble to solve customer problems regarding payments are likely to do better. For instance, customers using a regular-use app like Uber might find a monthly history of expenses useful. Customers using a digital wallet for ecommerce might welcome the ability to store reward/loyalty cards, peer-to-peer payment facilities, bill payment facilities, tips on how to manage expenses, etc.A recent Gallup poll of over 11K U.S. adults and a panel study of over 6K adult Americans revealed that. The study revealed that engagement levels and a customer's desire to feel special were important drivers of adoption.Engagement levels are so important, in fact, that engaged customers act as brand ambassadors. They are emotionally attached, and try to use the wallet at every possible opportunity. The study revealed that 96% of Apple () Passbook users were expected to use Apple Pay within the next 12 months. On the other hand, 82% of people using other digital wallets like Alphabet's () Google Wallet or PayPal () preferred to continue using those wallets, again indicating loyalty.A McKinsey consumer survey of 1K consumers found that not all digital wallet prospects are the same. Surprisingly, they are rather hard to define by standard metrics like age, household income and smartphone usage. Instead,in these payment systems.All except security skeptics prefer(47% of this category use smartphones and just 15% are younger than 35 years old).are important to both mobile enthusiasts (73% use smartphones, 47% under 35) and bank loyalists (66% use smartphones, 32% under 35).But there is also another important category referred to deal hunters (73% use smartphones, 32% under 35) for whomfast checkout andare important. So a wallet with these attributes is likely to be well accepted by the majority of the population inclined to use the new payments system.Of course, customer adoption doesn't take off without basic infrastructure modernization, and any payment system doesn't work or become popular unless there is broad acceptance. This is the reason that ecommerce and mobile apps are the main drivers of digital payment systems right now with broader retail acceptance expected to be only a gradual process.A PayPal study from earlier this year of 17,600 consumers in 22 countries, pegs mobile commerce multi-country average CAGR between 2013 and 2016 at 42% percent, much faster than overall ecommerce growth of 13%. While m-commerce is expected to grow 26-32% through 2016, there are other strong emerging markets like UAE, China and Turkey, where mobile shopping is a respective 24%, 21% and 19% of overall online spending.Unsurprisingly, younger people who grow up with the devices are more inclined to use them to buy things. Of those surveyed, 33% said they'd used their devices to buy, with 64% of shoppers saying they preferred apps to browsers because of speed and convenience (instant payment confirmation and reminders to use discounts, coupons, etc.). Smartphone screen sizes are the leading deterrent to completing purchases using these devices.While most countries are taking measures to improve payment infrastructures, the large-scale move toin the U.S. is likely the factor with the greatest near-term impact on this emerging payments segment.A Research & Markets report on POS Terminals and EMV & NFC Status Review 2015 says that the transition to EMV-enabled terminals is well underway. It estimates that there are 33 million merchant establishments in the U.S., of which Tier I and II retailers number 4 million. But this is a very important category because these 4 million establishments account for 75% of retail transactions.The earliest and most enthusiastic adopters are the specialty, mass merchants & grocery and pharmacy/drug store segments, with over 60% having migrated by the end of 2014. Gasoline stations, which have a 2-year relaxation on the liability shift, quick service restaurants and smaller merchants will be slower to make the move.An Aite Group study, based on findings from a 2014 telephone survey of U.S. merchants found that a third of smaller merchants were unaware of chip cards. But adoption among larger merchants appears to be picking up. The Aite Group estimates that EMV/NFC-enabled hardware terminals will reach 59% of the installed base this year, growing to 73% next year and 90% in 2017.Given the amount of innovation going on in the payments processing business, banks can't afford to ignore the implications. Now that customers have access to electronic devices (their smartphones) 24x7, they increasingly expect them to perform in the same way all the time. So there can't be regular banking hours.Also, the most enthusiastic adopters of new systems are young -- a demographic everybody wants because of the implications for future growth. And they like everything to fall into their laps immediately. That's why they are warming up to technology companies enabling payment-processing capabilities.Yes, digital wallets are a bit of a commodity service at the moment, so supporting all the leading wallets is a good strategy for banks. But these wallets can increasingly add value because of other services technology companies provide that can increasingly be offered as part of the wallet. There is also an erosion of brand value for banks because customers don't handle the credit/debit cards any more -- they just enter pins and the payments network does the rest.But this very demand for immediacy creates an opportunity for banks in the form of immediate payment systems (IPS). The Accenture Immediate Payments report sees this as a huge opportunity because of benefits to governments, businesses and individuals.But banks are not on the same page about the necessity for such real-time availability of funds. A Glenbrook Partners survey of 89 payments industry practitioners around the world found that 49% believed that immediate funds transfer should constitute immediate messaging and settlement, with 36% in favor of immediate messaging and batched settlement throughout the day and the remaining 15% thinking that immediate messaging and next-day settlement should suffice.Accenture says that governments would benefit from reduced cash and check handling, as well as easier management of economic risks. Big businesses making salary payments can hold on to their cash longer, and also collect valuable data from buying/selling transactions.The UK has gone the farthest along this path with its Faster Payments Service. Australia and Singapore have also developed their own systems called New Payments Platform and FAST (Fast and Secure Transfers), respectively. The United States Federal Reserve Banks is researching ways to improve the payment system in the country.All signs point to strong adoption of digital wallets over the next year or so, and as the service gains momentum there will be measures to differentiate leading to more innovation.What this means today is an increased tendency to collect customer data by retailers, wallet providers, payment processors, banks, etc. Data mining and data analytics will become commonplace in the payments landscape as everyone with a vested interest scrambles to deliver value.So good luck to Paypal, Apple Pay, Android Pay, MCX, Samsung Pay, Square, Stripe, Visa (), Mastercard () and all those others that are fighting for a share of the pie.Zacks "Profit from the Pros" e-mail newsletter provides highlights of the latest analysis from Zacks Equity Research. Subscribe to this free newsletter today . Find out What is happening in the stock market today on zacks.com.Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report 
2015-05-09
As Google Inc.'s Project Loon Nears Release, Should Investors Love the Moonshots? 



With its large and growing number of moonshot programs, should investors worry that search giant Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has an inflated ego (balloon pun very much intended)?

One of Google's best-known moonshots is its Internet-beaming balloon project, whimsically named Project Loon. Google recently announced its plans to accelerate Project Loon in the coming months. So as Google's Project Loon and other key projects prepare for their literal and figurative liftoffs, should investors cheer or chide these costly projects?

Up, up, and away

Late last month, Google released a new promotional video for Project Loon, touting a number of impressive advancements it's made in evolving Loon into a large-scale business capable of using a network of high-altitude balloons to provide sweeping LTE coverage to the remote corners of the globe. Take a look. It's impressive stuff.

Between improved guidance software, increased flight times, durability of the balloons, and coordination with several regional telecom carriers, the video gives the impression that Loon has evolved since its official announcement in June 2013 from a seemingly quixotic pet project into a viable commercial enterprise. This is a hugely impressive rate of improvement, one that highlights the little-credited business discipline Google typically applies to its high-risk, high-reward projects and investments. And as far-fetched as the idea might seem at first, investors should realize Project Loon could provide huge tailwinds for Google for years to come.

Lovely Loon

As a company whose revenues and profits are clearly correlated with the number of people able to access its sprawling series of services, overall global Internet access is about as fundamental a potential constraint to Google's ongoing growth as exists today. And Loon offers a potentially viable solution to ensuring that our world becomes increasingly connected, much to Google's benefit.

There are some key markets Google can potentially never enter, places such as Russia or China, where country-specific policies create disincentives for Google to operate and where homegrown search alternatives such as Yandex and Baidu, respectively, have already risen to fill the Google-less void. However, even overlooking these unique situations, the fact that two-thirds of the people on planet Earth lack Internet access means Google could still hugely increase its long-term profit potential by finding a creative solution to this problem. It's no accident that companies such as Google and Facebook are at the forefront of the campaign to provide Web access to all. And while their intentions might not be as completely altruistic as they might have you believe, moonshots such as Project Loon bode very well for the long-term trajectory of Google and its investors.

Shoot for the moon(shot)

Loon serves as a perfect example that, although they might appear initially nonsensical, Google's moonshots and secret investments almost always connect back to some kind of big-ticket commercial opportunity.

These kinds of projects also speak to Google management's clear desire to keep their company at the forefront of technology for generations to come. It's a common trait we've seen at other hugely successful companies such as Amazon.com, one that increases the chances, but doesn't necessarily guarantee, that a company will not succumb to the nearly inevitable decline that drags down most firms.

This kind of discussion probably extends past the average shareholder's intended holding period. However, as long-term investors, we at the Fool believe in investing or saving with a time frame of decades, not quarters, in mind. And coming from that perspective, Google's recent efforts with Project Loon and its other motley crew of moonshots should encourage investors that Google is indeed a company with the vision and capability to adapt to, or more likely create, whatever our rapidly evolving world will look like a generation from now. 
2015-07-08
Twitter rolls out suite of direct response ad products after struggles SAN FRANCISCO Twitter Inc (TWTR.N) rolled out three new products for its direct response advertising on Wednesday, two months after the company said weak demand for the product had lowered its revenue forecast for the year.

A select group of advertisers that Twitter declined to name is now testing the products, which are aimed at improving user engagement with direct response ads, intended to encourage actions such as clicking on a link or downloading an app.

Some advertisers will be able to showcase apps within a video ad, which many studies have shown is more effective and engaging. Through video ads, users are able to better understand how an app or product works before downloading it, said Richard Alfonsi, Twitter's vice president of global online sales.

Previously, advertisers could only showcase their products through pictures.

Advertisers will also have more options about what types of user actions they choose to pay for.

Rather than paying whenever a user clicks on a link, for example, advertisers can opt to pay only when a user downloads an app or installs the product advertised. They can also bid for advertising space by saying how much they are willing to pay for someone to install their app after seeing an ad.

Earlier this year, Twitter said its direct response ads did not produce the revenue expected and subsequently cut its full-year revenue forecast by about $200 million. The microblogging site said it hopes the new direct response products will convince advertisers to more heavily invest on the platform.

The products are still being tested but Twitter said it expects them to be available to all advertisers within the third quarter.

One year ago, Twitter launched mobile app promotion, which enables advertisers to pay for their ads to appear on apps that Twitter has partnered with, such as gaming and ride-sharing apps. Alfonsi said the company is working to expand this offering to more advertisers in the coming weeks.

(Reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Leslie Adler) China's draft cybersecurity law could up censorship, irk business BEIJING China's parliament has published a draft cybersecurity law that consolidates Beijing's control over data, with potentially significant consequences for internet service providers and multinational firms doing business in the country.

The document, dated Monday but picked up by state media on Wednesday, strengthens user privacy protection from hackers and data resellers but elevates the government's powers obtain records on and block dissemination of private information deemed illegal under Chinese law.

Citing the need "to safeguard national cyberspace sovereignty, security and development," the proposed legislation will allow China to bolster its networks against threats to stability and better regulate the flow of information.

Earlier in July, China's largely rubber stamp parliament passed a sweeping national security law that tightened government control in politics, culture, the military, the economy, technology and the environment.

But cybersecurity has been a particularly irksome area in relations with economic partners like the United States and the European Union, which see many recently proposed rules as unfair to foreign firms.

Joerg Wuttke, president of the European Union Chamber of Commerce in China, said the business lobby was still reviewing the draft law but that it was "worried".

"The chief concern is that, as with many Chinese laws, the language is vague enough to make it unclear how the law will be enforced," Wuttke said.

Under the draft law, internet service providers must store data collected within China on Chinese territory; data stored overseas for business purposes must be government-approved. Network equipment must also be approved under testing standards issued by China's cabinet.

The government also reiterated its longstanding objective of requiring internet users to log in with their real names to services like messaging apps - though such drives have failed in the past.

The parliament said government agencies would issue additional guidelines for network security in "critical industries" such as telecoms, energy, transport, finance, national defense and military matters, and government administration.

Parliament will take feedback on the proposed legislation until early August, and it will likely undergo a series of readings and possible adjustments before being adopted.

Nicholas Bequelin, East Asia Director at Amnesty International, said the draft law would institutionalize censorship practices that were not explicitly formulated before.

Article 50, for example, would give authorities the legal power to cut area-wide internet access to maintain order in the case of "sudden" incidents, much as it did for 10 months in 2009 after nearly 200 people died in ethnic riots in Urumqi, the capital of the western region of Xinjiang.

(Additional reporting by Paul Carsten and Michael Martina; Editing by Jeremy Laurence) China car hailing app Didi Kuaidi raises $2 billion as Uber rivalry intensifies BEIJING China's dominant mobile car-ride hailing company Didi Kuaidi said it raised $2 billion in a fundraising round as competition with U.S. rival Uber Technologies Inc heats up on its home turf.

Didi Kuaidi, which has the largest market share of car-hailing apps in China, said in a statement on Wednesday that the funding amount may rise by another "few hundred million" due to what it said was tremendous interest from global investors.

Didi Kuaidi said the fundraising will lift its cash reserves to $3.5 billion.

The company's latest fundraising, which sources say values the company as high as $15 billion, will intensify its battle with Uber, which recently said it would spend more than $1 billion in the world's second-largest economy as it continues an aggressive ramp-up.

"There are a few things we're expanding into right now to establish our leading position in the full service transportation platform worldwide," Didi Kuaidi President Jean Liu told Reuters, highlighting bus and chauffeur services.

Liu said the company would remain focused on China and the transport market, but declined to comment on Didi Kuaidi's valuation post-fundraising.

But the need for such large amounts of money hints at a battle with Uber like that between Didi and Kuaidi before their $6 billion merger in February. Part of the logic for the tieup between the pair, originally backed by Tencent Holdings Ltd and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd respectively, was to cut down on the hundreds of millions of dollars being spent on subsidies to attract new passengers and drivers.

Uber and Didi Kuaidi have already traded blows, boasting of their respective gains and their strong positions.

Didi Kuaidi "has established clear competitive advantages through its integrated platform, technology and team," Chief Executive Officer Cheng Wei said in the statement.

The company's new investors include Capital International Private Equity Fund and Ping An Ventures, part of Ping An Insurance Group Co of China Ltd.

Existing stakeholders, including Alibaba, Tencent, Temasek Holdings (Private) Ltd and Coatue Management, also took part in the latest fundraising, the statement said.

(Editing by Miral Fahmy and Kenneth Maxwell) In Gou we trust: Foxconn founder keeps investors in dark, happy for now TAIPEI Foxconn founder Terry Gou has a vision of how to rewire the Taiwan firm that builds iPhones to cut dependence on Apple Inc, the client around which he built a $46 billion tech empire. Just don't expect him to tell anyone exactly what it is.

With the latest version of Apple's smash hit smartphone having catapulted first-quarter profit 55 percent higher, investors have sent shares in Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd - Foxconn's flagship - rising towards the historic highs hit eight years ago that give it its lofty market value.

Within two years, though, analysts expect annual iPhone shipments growth to slow to a fraction of 2012's boom. If few question Gou's management savvy, investors say they're stuck in the dark on broad-brush plans to diversify into new tech like electric cars and robots, as well as waiting to hear how he intends to make good on pledges to crack new markets like India, Brazil and Indonesia.

That's how Gou prefers it, he explained at his once-a-year reckoning with investors in last month's annual general meeting. "I have a lot of the information they want," he said, referring to big foreign institutions, which make up 48 percent of Hon Hai's shareholders, "but I insist on not making it public."

Gou's business instincts have served him well, building the world's biggest contract maker of electronic gadgets from scratch more than 40 years ago. Yet at 64, the chairman and chief executive's maverick approach to transparency also stretches to lack of precise word on succession plans, leaving company watchers trusting his skills but wondering what kind of business Hon Hai will become, and who will run it in future.

Sovereign wealth funds from Norway, Singapore, Saudi Arabia and Abu Dhabi rank among Hon Hai's top 10 shareholders - and Gou himself is the biggest single investor with a direct 12.5 percent stake, making him one of Taiwan's richest men. But Gou said sharing information with them would be unfair to the army of retail investors who own nearly 40 percent of Hon Hai, outnumbering foreign shareholders 220 to 1.

"He doesn't tell you 'this'. He doesn't tell you 'that'. Nothing you can do about it," said Andrew Yang, head of Taiwan investments at Manulife Asset Management, which regularly buys Hon Hai shares. "If (Gou) can deliver results, then all you can do is believe he has competitiveness."

'WHEN I'M 100'

It's not unusual for company founders to retain a tight grip even after they take their firms public. But as demands for better corporate governance grow across Asia, some tech barons have moved to address concerns.

Masayoshi Son at Japan's SoftBank Corp - for which Hon Hai assembles a humanoid robot called Pepper - has named a potential successor as CEO, while the head of Japan's secretive industrial robot maker Fanuc Corp yielded to activist investor pressure and agreed to meet shareholders twice a year after avoiding them for years.

At Hon Hai, Gou is tough to pin down most days of the year and tougher still to figure out, according to people who have worked with him. Speaking on condition of anonymity, they said he can be cool-headed and efficient in business dealings, yet in public his comments remain lofty, taking time at the AGM to talk up emerging markets overtaking the industrialized Group of Seven nations as world growth drivers by 2050 - when he turns 100.

"Of course, I will still be around," he told shareholders.

Gou sets great store by personal relationships and many Hon Hai decisions ultimately rest on key meetings he has with various government authorities or business partners. If he isn't there, the plans simply aren't final, the people who have worked with him said, regardless of projected timelines or investment figures given earlier.

Asked to comment for this article, Foxconn said Gou is actively involved in all aspects of Foxconn's business, including recruiting a "strong and deep executive team," according to a company statement provided to Reuters.

"Any succession plan will include a management structure that ensures that at the appropriate time there is a leadership team well-prepared to assume any and all aspects of the management of our company," Foxconn said.

Hon Hai is moving in the right direction, analysts said, but diversification will take time. A long-awaited $1 billion investment in Indonesia, touted by Hon Hai as a major move, remains in negotiation limbo, and plans to develop in both India and Brazil have yet to take concrete shape.

"We don't know what kind of picture Terry wants for the Hon Hai kingdom," said Kylie Huang, an analyst with Daiwa-Cathay Capital Markets in Taipei.

A group of foreign institutional investors has been engaging with the firm since 2012 with gentle entreaties to raise its game on governance. They say Hon Hai is paying attention and that change is coming slowly, such as getting regular access to senior executives close to Gou.

But activists are watching the story unfold, particularly with a view to smooth management succession.

"Without (Gou) starting to delegate," said Hans-Christoph Hirt, an executive director at Hermes Equity Ownership Services Ltd, "stepping back from some of these key relationships and simplifying the corporate structure, it is very difficult to see how someone could step in successfully."

(Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Alibaba boosts Singapore Post stake, invest in e-commerce unit The logo of the Alibaba Group is seen inside the company's headquarters in Hangzhou, Zhejiang province November 11, 2014. REUTERS/Aly Song

SINGAPORE Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA.N) is investing about S$279 million ($205.98 million) to expand its holdings in Singapore Post Ltd (SingPost) (SPOS.SI) and its e-commerce subsidiary, the two companies said in a statement.

SingPost is seeking to boost its e-commerce business to offset weak postal revenues, and last year an Alibaba unit bought an over 10 percent stake in SingPost for $249 million.

In the latest deal, Alibaba said it was buying an additional 5 percent stake in SingPost for S$187.1 million.

Alibaba will also invest up to S$92 million to buy a 34 percent stake in Quantium Solutions International, a SingPost subsidiary that provides e-commerce logistics across the Asia Pacific.

Alibaba is currently the second largest shareholder in SingPost after Singapore Telecommunications (STEL.SI).

SingPost shares were up 1.32 percent in early trade after the announcement, outperforming a largely flat market.

(Reporting by Saeed Azhar; Editing by Miral Fahmy) Exclusive: Mexico City to regulate Uber with license fees, ride levy - draft The logo of car-sharing service app Uber on a smartphone over a reserved lane for taxis in a street is seen in this photo illustration taken in Madrid on December 10, 2014. REUTERS/Sergio Perez

MEXICO CITY Uber, the ride-hailing service that has spurred a regulatory backlash in cities around the globe, is facing its latest hurdle in Mexico City, with a proposal that would require the company's drivers to have permits.

In addition, according to a draft government plan seen by Reuters, Uber would have to pay a revenue fee into a new city transport fund and Uber and companies like it would be banned from accepting cash payments from customers, offering prepaid plans or using taxi stands.

Uber currently accepts only credit cards for payment, except for a test program in India.

As Uber's business has expanded to 57 countries and its estimated value has exploded to more than $40 billion, it has faced increasing calls for regulations as taxi drivers in various cities have tried to defend their turf.

Under the proposal in Mexico City, Uber will have to pay a license fee for each vehicle on its platform of 1,599 pesos ($101) per year and give about 1.5 percent of domestic revenue to a newly created city transport fund, an official close to the capital's transport secretary Rufino Leon told Reuters on Tuesday.

Uber public policy chief Corey Owens said the plans are at the "high end" of what the company pays in other major cities, pointing to a 1 percent charge in Washington, D.C.

Owens said Uber had not seen the draft, so could not say if the proposed costs would be imposed on drivers or passengers. In Washington, London and New York they are paid by passengers, he said, but elsewhere the drivers make up the cost.

The plan is still being negotiated and could change before the regulation's expected publication next week, the city official said.

Ruben Alcantara, a taxi union leader who showed Reuters the draft, said he had been told Uber would have to pay between 3 and 5 percent of revenue into the transport fund at a meeting with Leon on Tuesday.

He could not explain the discrepancy with the figures given by the government official, who was also at the meeting.

Alcantara said he will be meeting officials again this week to demand a cap on the number of Uber cars in the city. Owens said such a cap would damage mobility options and that no city in the world had imposed such a limit.

Mexico City is home to 140,000 registered taxis, and drivers have previously protested in the streets against Uber and called for it to be banned.

Uber launched in Mexico's capital in 2013, and Owens said it is now one of its fastest-growing markets with 500,000 users.

The company also faces challenges elsewhere in Latin America.

Lawmakers in Sao Paulo, Brazil's biggest city, and capital Brasilia have voted to ban Uber after protests by local taxi drivers and after the Sao Paulo government seized 23 vehicles since August. The bills still require executive approval and Uber expects to continue functioning there despite a near unanimous vote in Sao Paulo, Owens said.

There have been sporadic attacks against Uber drivers by Bogota's regular taxis, while an Uber driver was shot at by cab drivers in Rio on Saturday, a taxi driver who witnessed the attack said.

Colombian authorities have deemed the company illegal and police have impounded a number of cars offering services on its app, but Uber says it will continue operations in the country.

In a region with notorious corruption problems, Owens said Uber has a "strong anti-bribery policy" and has never paid a bribe, but would not say if one has ever been solicited.

(Additional reporting by Christine Murray in Mexico City, Brad Haynes in Sao Paulo, Stephen Eisenhammer in Rio de Janeiro and Peter Murphy in Bogota; Editing by Simon Gardner, Christian Plumb and Leslie Adler) New Uber boat service seeks to bypass Istanbul's choking traffic Uber logo is seen on a smartphone in front of a displayed logo of HERE, Nokia Oyj's map business, in Zenica, Bosnia and Herzegovina, in this May 8, 2015 photo illustration. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic

ISTANBUL With the towering bridges that span the Bosphorus choked by traffic, a new boat service from Uber aims to capitalize on Istanbul's infamous road congestion.

In partnership with local sea transport company Navette the Uber Boat venture is unlikely to net a significant chunk of the company's Turkey revenue, but it is further evidence of the strategy underpinning its offerings - making it easier to transport anything, in any way, by first booking a pickup through a mobile app.

"If we can get you a car in five minutes, we can get you anything in five minutes," said Austin Kim, local operations manager for San Francisco-based Uber Technologies, speaking over the growl of the speedboat engine.

But Uber boats are more expensive than boats parked next to Bebek pier where prices can often be haggled down even further.

Kim declined to give a precise number of boat users since the service launched on June 25, but said it was more than 100 trips. He denied the excursions were primarily a marketing tool.

Uber, whose backers include investment bank Goldman Sachs and technology giant Google, is valued in excess of $40 billion.

It says it offers its mobile phone taxi-hailing service in more than 300 cities, its prices varying according to demand.

Turkey's young and tech-savvy population tends to be an early adopter of technology. On land, Uber must compete with a popular home-grown taxi app, Bitaksi.

Having launched in Istanbul a year ago, Uber says it clocks up tens of thousands of rides a month in the crowded city on the junction of Europe and Asia.

The company has faced a backlash and legal clampdown in countries ranging from India to South Korea to France, where last week it suspended its UberPOP ride-hailing service after it faced protests and local authorities denounced it as illegal.

Uber speed boats have capacity of six to eight people and can be used to reach Atakoy, near Istanbul's main airport at a price of around 425 lira ($160) from a central pier, dodging hours of potential traffic jams over a distance of 17 km.

"It's at the choke point that you really suffer," Kim said, looking to one of the Bosphorus bridges. "You will not easily get onto that bridge in rush hour."

(Editing by David Dolan and Rosalind Russell) 
2015-06-06
Google, Inc.'s Project Soli: Mobile Tech, Virtual Reality, and Driverless Cars Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently unveiled a tiny new chipset, codenamed Project Soli, which detects gestures and movements with radar. Infineon Technologies, which developed the hardware, is working with Google to use it in various Internet of Things (IoT) devices like smartwatches, fitness bands, and driver-assistance systems.

During its annual I/O developer conference in San Francisco, Google showcased Soli's ability to track a hand's position and movements in space. Since it's powered by radar instead of cameras, the chip can detect movements through other objects, which means that it can be embedded inside various objects.

This is neat technology on its own, but Soli could have some fascinating applications when combined with Google's other projects.



Mobile devices

During I/O, Project Soli founder Ivan Poupyrev demonstrated how the chipset could be used to control smartwatches without touching their surfaces.

This isn't really a new idea -- Deus Ex Technology recently unveiled the Aria clip for smartwatches, which lets users use finger gestures instead of touching the screen. Some smartphones also let users answer prompts and input basic commands without touching the screen. However, the Aria only detects movements of the wrist, and smartphones use proximity sensors to detect broad gestures.

With Project Soli, embedded chips can detect smaller and more precise movements near various objects. This means that it could be possible to click icons or play games on smartwatches, smartphones, and tablets without ever touching the screen.

Augmented and virtual reality

Google experimented in augmented reality with Google Glass, and invested over half a billion dollars in Magic Leap, a developer of holographic augmented reality experiences. It also introduced Cardboard, a DIY virtual reality headset, to encourage the development of VR apps for smartphones.

However, Cardboard can't track walking movements through virtual space, and users can't see their own hands and fingers in the virtual environment. Facebook's Oculus VR users can experience movement with 360-degree treadmills, and can use Intel's RealSense depth-sensing cameras to see their own hands.

That's why Google introduced Project Tango at I/O 2015. Similar to Oculus' fusion of Rift and RealSense, Tango uses depth-sensing cameras to render real people and objects in a VR environment. For example, two users wearing the VR tablet/headsets with Tango software can "see" each other as avatars, walk in a virtualized version of a real room, and even touch objects and each other. With Project Soli, people in those digital environments might also be able to touch and manipulate virtual objects or controls.

Smarter cars

Project Soli could also be integrated into car control systems, allowing drivers to interact with their vehicles with gestures. Simple finger gestures could replace turn signal, horn, and windshield wiper controls on the steering wheel. Windows could be opened and air conditioning could be adjusted with a simple gesture in the air. Google might eventually combine facial/fingerprint recognition with Android Auto, and drivers could simply snap their fingers to start the ignition.

Adding futuristic gesture controls to cars would be appealing to automakers like BMW, Volvo, and Hyundai -- which have all introduced apps to let drivers control their vehicles from their smartwatches. That complements the growth of Android Wear and Android Auto, and could pave the way for Google's driverless cars, which can be summoned by smartphone, to hit the roads.

Why this matters to Google

These potential applications all sound interesting, but investors might wonder how they could bolster Google's core business of Internet advertising.

It's all about ecosystem growth on top of the IoT market. Cisco forecasts that the number of connected devices worldwide will double from 25 billion in 2015 to 50 billion in 2020. This means that data won't just come from PCs or mobile devices anymore -- it will come from wearables, augmented reality devices, cars, and everyday objects like coffee makers and refrigerators. That's why Google launched Brillo, its operating system of IoT devices, and the reason it introduced Project Soli and Project Jacquard (the latter is a "smart fabric" that can remotely control mobile devices).

If these projects help Google reach into smart homes, cars, clothes, and appliances, it will be able to gather more data to improve search results and targeted advertising. By doing so, Google can strengthen its core business while expanding its business beyond its search box. Big US data breaches offer treasure trove for hackers A lock icon, signifying an encrypted Internet connection, is seen on an Internet Explorer browser in a photo illustration in Paris in this April 15, 2014 file photo. REUTERS/Mal Langsdon/Files

WASHINGTON A massive breach of U.S. federal computer networks disclosed this week is the latest in a flood of attacks by suspected Chinese hackers aimed at grabbing personal data, industrial secrets and weapons plans from government and private computers.

The Obama administration on Thursday disclosed the breach of computer systems at the Office of Personnel Management and said the records of up to 4 million current and former federal employees may have been compromised.

U.S. officials have said on condition of anonymity they believe the hackers are based in China, but Washington has not publicly blamed Beijing at a time when tensions are high over Chinese territorial claims in the South China Sea.

China has denied involvement.

It was the second computer break-in in less than a year at the OPM, the federal government's personnel office.

The first breach has been linked to earlier thefts of personal data from millions of records at Anthem Inc, the second largest U.S. health insurer, an attack also blamed on Chinese hackers, and Premera Blue Cross, a healthcare services provider.

Guidance Software, a cybersecurity firm, said the first signs of data "exfiltration" were originally detected with Einstein, a U.S. government intrusion detection system. That activity, it said, was eventually traced back to a machine under the control of Chinese intelligence.

"It's a different form of Cold War at this point," said Rob Eggebrecht, co-founder and chief executive of Denver-based InteliSecure, a private cybersecurity firm.

Eggebrecht said his firm had seen a spike in attacks on private company networks by Chinese actors over the past three months. The latest was a previously undisclosed breach at a U.S. pharmaceutical group, which cost the firm hundreds of millions of dollars in sensitive research and development work.

Eggebrecht declined to identify the firm, which he said only learned of the major breach within the last 72 hours.

"We've seen a huge uptick in opportunistic exfiltration of high-value data," he said, adding that the attack on the pharma company involved malicious software installed together with the Chinese-language search engine Baidu.

"DIZZYING RATE"

Admiral James Winnefeld, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told a cyber conference at West Point military academy last month that U.S. adversaries like China and Russia were rapidly increasing their assaults on military networks.

"We're hemorrhaging information at a dizzying rate, evidenced by the uncanny similarity of some of our potential adversaries' new platforms to those we've been developing," said Winnefeld.

China has in recent years introduced two new stealth fighters that analysts say bear a striking resemblance to the F-22 and F-35 built by Lockheed Martin Corp. Lockheed redoubled security efforts focused on suppliers after a "significant and tenacious" attack on its computer networks in 2011 that was enabled by lax security at a supplier.

U.S. senators have added $200 million in funding to their proposed fiscal 2016 budget to fund a detailed study of the cyber vulnerabilities of major weapons systems.

The move came after the Pentagon's chief weapons tester told Congress that nearly every major weapons program tested in 2014 showed "significant vulnerabilities" to cyber attack, including misconfigured and unpatched software.

U.S. government officials and cyber analysts say Chinese hackers are using high-tech tactics to build massive databases that could be used for traditional espionage goals, such as recruiting spies, or gaining access to secure data on other networks.

The latest incident gives hackers access to a treasure trove of personal information, including birth dates, Social Security numbers, previous addresses, and security clearances.

All that data could help hackers identify information about specific targets, including potential passwords for websites that may be portals to information about weapons systems or other research data.

"They can dig down into that data and learn more about the individuals, what their hobbies are, what their vices are, what skeletons they have in their closet," said Babak Pasdar, president and chief executive of Bat Blue Network, a cybersecurity firm.

He said he was involved in a recent case in which hackers gained access to private data of a website administrator by finding passwords on a public website linked to the person's hobby.

"This empowers the malevolent cyber actor to target a huge number of people with phishing and other schemes to reel in information," said one U.S. defense official. "The more targets you have, the more likely you are to score."

(Editing by Doina Chiacu, Mark Trevelyan & Kim Coghill) Google, Inc. and Amazon.com, Inc. Cross "The Point of No Return" in Cloud Storage Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently announced that it would offer free unlimited cloud storage for its new Photos app. This was a direct response to Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), which offered the same service for Prime members last year. But whereas Prime members have to pay $99 per year, Google is now giving away the same service for free.

This marks a major escalation in the cloud storage wars between Google, Amazon, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and smaller companies like Box (NYSE:BOX) and Dropbox. Now that Google has lowered public price expectations for cloud storage to zero, what could happen to other subscription-based cloud storage services?

How did we get here?

Between 1995 and 2014, the average price of 1 GB of storage on a hard drive dropped from $1,120 to $0.03. This made it much more affordable to set up large cloud-based servers. As Internet speeds improved and more people started to use mobile devices, more companies started replacing local hardware and software with cloud-based services.

But as tech giants entered the market, competition brought down prices. Companies like Google, Amazon, and Microsoft started using free cloud services as loss leaders to tether more users to their ecosystems.

Google and Microsoft both currently offer 15GB of free storage. Amazon offers free unlimited storage of photos to Prime members, while non-Prime members must pay $11.99 per year for unlimited photo storage or $59.99 for unlimited storage of all file types.

This clash of the tech titans puts tremendous pressure on smaller competitors like Dropbox and Box. Dropbox users start with 2GB of free storage, but can "earn" up to 16GB with referrals. Box users get just 10GB of free storage.

The race to zero

Companies usually only offer unlimited plans to certain customers.

Dropbox offers unlimited storage with Dropbox for Business, which costs $15 per month. Box offers the same for business users who pay $17 per month. Google gives unlimited free storage to schools with Apps for Education, while Apps for Work enterprise subscribers can pay $10 monthly for the service. Microsoft offers unlimited OneDrive storage with all subscriptions to Office 365, which cost at least $70 per year.

But by offering free unlimited cloud storage to everyone with Photos, Google is lowering mainstream price expectations for cloud storage. By the end of 2014, Amazon had already cut prices for Amazon Web Services (AWS) 47 times in just six years. Last November, Box CEO Aaron Levie told The Information that storage would be "free and infinite" in the future.

Opening the doors to "free and infinite" storage is a risky proposition, because companies must run power-hungry data centers to provide it. Last year, Google, Microsoft, and Amazon respectively spent $10.9 billion, $5.3 billion, and $4.9 billion on expanding their global cloud infrastructure.

Why are companies doing this?

It might seem odd to build billion-dollar data centers to provide free cloud storage for customers. However, cloud storage merely serves as a foundation for these companies' long-term business strategies. To survive, companies must provide innovative services on top of that stored data that customers are willing to pay for.

Box and Dropbox both offer extra layers of file security for enterprise subscribers -- a lucrative feature in an era of catastrophic data breaches. Microsoft and Google integrate cloud storage into their productivity apps and mobile operating systems. They also offer tools for software developers, marketers, and webmasters to create cloud-based apps, websites, and monitor analytics. Amazon offers similar tools through AWS, and IBM does the same with Bluemix.

Cloud storage isn't really free

That's why Google is offering unlimited cloud storage of photos. When users upload those photos to Google's cloud, it identifies and indexes them and makes them searchable by terms like "dogs" or "parties." By using that mined data, Google could profile a user to improve its targeted ads.

Apple CEO Tim Cook recently addressed this controversial issue during the EPIC Champions of Freedom event in Washington:

We believe the customer should be in control of their own information. You might like these so-called free services, but we don't think they're worth having your email, your search history and now even your family photos data-mined and sold off for god knows what advertising purpose.

That strategy, which Facebook also uses, raises troubling questions about "free" cloud services. If mainstream consumers expect cloud storage to be free and unlimited, which methods of generating revenue from their stored data are ethical?

The key takeaway

Tech companies often refer to the cloud as the next great frontier for growth. However, investors should understand that most of the money won't come from storage. Instead, it will mostly come from cloud-based services like security, analytics, developer platforms, and marketing. 
2015-11-20
Google/Alphabet Move For Greene Demonstrates Weakness  Google aims for China launch of Google Play app store next year: sources The new Google logo is seen at the Google headquarters in Mountain View, California November 13, 2015. REUTERS/Stephen Lam

BEIJING/HONG KONG Google, part of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), aims to launch the China version of its Google Play smartphone app store next year, according to people familiar with the matter, its first major foray in the market since ending localized product support in 2010.

The Google Play app store would be set up specifically for China, and not connected to overseas versions of Google Play, two of the people said.

They said Google intends to comply with Chinese laws on filtering content that might be viewed as sensitive by the ruling Communist Party, and laws requiring the company to store the app store's data within China.

A Singapore-based Google spokesman declined to comment.

Google largely pulled its services out of China five years ago after refusing to continue self-censoring its search results. It has maintained a limited presence in the world's biggest smartphone market, but most of its services, including Play, have been rendered borderline inaccessible.

The U.S. company would use a successful app store as a launch pad to place other products and services in China, said two people familiar with Google's thinking.

They said, however, that the company has not settled on which product might come next.

Chief Executive Sundar Pichai and other top brass have made no secret that the company wants to get back into China, and Google Play would likely be its first foray.

But critics say Google has lost basically all ground in most of its major services, especially search and video streaming, to Chinese players.

The biggest competition might come from products on the wrong side of the law, said technology analyst Rob Enderle.

"There are a substantial number of free ways people get music in China that makes it difficult for any service, especially from the West, to get into the market," he said.

BREAKING THE ICE

For Google, having a product in China would be a symbolic gesture to show that the company values the market, said Shen Si, CEO of Chinese mobile advertising company PapayaMobile and a former Google employee.

"If they want to break the ice with the Chinese market then they have to pick a pretty important product to make available to the Chinese people and make it really localized," she said.

"Google Play would be a really good product for that because it's not very sensitive."

Chris MacDonald, a business ethics expert at Toronto's Ryerson University, agreed Google Play was a safer bet than search or Gmail in China but said Google should take its time deciding what product to bring to the market next.

"Which ones involve the least consumer data? Which ones are least likely to be politically sensitive or serve as a means of expression for political dissidents?" asked MacDonald.

If Google wants to penetrate the Chinese market in a meaningful way it has to be led by search, said Enderle.

"How do you use YouTube without search? Everything they've got hinges on search. In the end if they can't get search in everything it is going to be even more crippled than it already is," he said.

Google has had its employees working hard in China to lay the ground for the app store's launch, said one of the people with knowledge of executives' plans.

The U.S.-based firm is hoping to launch Google Play in China some time after Chinese New Year in February next year, and before early summer, that person said. Another person at a company in China that works with Google said the store will go live in 2016.

The company hopes the app store will include as payment options Alipay, the online payment service from Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's (BABA.N) finance arm Ant Financial Services Group [ANTFIN.UL], and Tencent Holding Ltd's (0700.HK) WeChat Payment, said the person familiar with executives' thinking.

Rather than requiring explicit approval from China's government to launch the app store, Google just needs to comply with Chinese laws including those governing data storage and content filtering, the person added. That was echoed by PapayaMobile's Shen.

Spokeswomen for Ant Financial and Tencent declined to comment.

TOO BIG TO IGNORE

China is too big a market for Google to ignore. Apple Inc (AAPL.O) complies with local laws and made $58.7 billion last in the year ended Sept. 26 in Greater China, which includes the mainland, Hong Kong and Taiwan, making it its second-biggest market.

Last month, Google said it would take a minority stake in Beijing-based artificial intelligence firm Mobvoi as part of a $75 million fundraising round, as the U.S. search giant tries to rebuild its presence in China.

Because services like its search, e-mail and mapping are blocked in China, the U.S. firm is trying to cement partnerships with domestic providers like Mobvoi, which offers technology similar to Apple's Siri and Google's own version.

(Additional reporting by Deborah M. Todd; Editing by Keith Weir and Bill Rigby) A Google Facebook Partnership To Strengthen Their Mobile Solutions? The Google-updated algorithm prefers mobile-friendly sites and supports the increase in mobile search.

Facebook is looking to increase its mobile ads sales in light of the latest rise of adblocks in desktop browsers.

Indexing Facebook s mobile app will benefit both companies.



123RF We know about the rivalry between Google and Facebook in the online video advertising space, but there's also been speculation about a brewing competition in online search. However, that might not be the case anymore, as the two join forces in this space. Earlier this year, search giant Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG) updated its algorithm in its popular site to reflect the recent changes in the consumer electronics world and prefer mobile-friendly sites over desktop-only sites. By updating its algorithm, Google transformed its search engine to better fit current times when a large portion of the search is conducted via mobile devices; users expect to receive mobile-friendly results to fit their device. That was a significant update for Google s search algorithm that forced many webmasters, site owners, and companies to adjust their sites to the new requirements.

Later this year, Google s search chief Amit Singhal unveiled that for the first time, more searches were completed this year on mobile devices than desktop computers. This trend supports the trend other technology segments experienced when users shifted to mobile in videos, gaming, and content consumption and lately even content creation with the new iPad Pro and Microsoft Office for iOS. Although Google s change was required to improve user experience and increase monetization from mobile search, it still didn t index one of the largest databases online   Facebook (NASDAQ:FB).

Currently, there are two places to which people go to search for events, new restaurants, or favorite sports team   that s either Google or Facebook. When searching in Google, results may include some pages from Facebook, but the search giant is not indexing most content uploaded or shared on Facebook. Thus, the only way to find such content would be to use the Facebook search option. Facebook s search option is a frustrating experience for those who tried it, as it only shows partial information and requires significant fine tuning before the correct results are obtained.

Both Google and Facebook are dissatisfied with the current Facebook search situation. Google could not show enough social media results, which made it obsolete, whereas Facebook provides a poor searching experience for users. Considering that account users shift to mobile and that adblocks have become increasingly popular on desktop browsers, it became clear that Google and Facebook needed to strengthen their mobile solutions further.

The Google Facebook Partnership

To solve the companies  mobile difficulty, they signed an agreement in which Google will index Facebook s mobile app content and present such content in its mobile search results. Indexing Facebook s mobile app has a number of advantages for Google: first, it will display Facebook results on its mobile search engine and allow users to use Google as their only search option instead of searching both Google and Facebook. Second, it will enable Google to increase monetization from mobile as it will drive more mobile traffic to its search engine. Third, this is the first time that a major app will allow Google to crawl and publish deep-link results from in-app activity on public search.

Indexing mobile apps is where mobile search is moving to, and having Google index Facebook s app is a huge step for the search giant towards strengthening its mobile solution. Once Google starts indexing more mobile apps, it could serve as a significant catalyst for revenue increase as more traffic will go to the Google search engine, driving more ad sales. Facebook, which is slowly changing its focus to broader technology segments than social media alone, will attract more mobile traffic from search results that could drive additional mobile ad sales. When adblocks become a serious threat to desktop browsers, that could be a mutually beneficial solution for Google and Facebook. Top 20 Most Popular Stocks Among Financial Advisors This Week Due to the thousands of stocks that are trading on the markets, a retail investor can find it really difficult to pick the stocks worth his or her attention. In order to avoid screening through all of these stocks, one can narrow down their list to stocks that smart money is following. Researchers at TrackStar, which is the official newsletter of Intuition (a division of InvestingChannel), have compiled a list of 20 stocks that ranked as the most searched among financial advisors this week and in this article we will discuss the latest developments surrounding these companies in more detail.

In addition, we will take a look at the smart money sentiment towards these 20 stocks. We follow over 700 hedge funds and other institutional investors, whose 13F filings we analyze in order to identify trading opportunities. Our database contains some of the best-performing hedge funds, which generate strong returns by investing in companies with strong fundamentals. Our research showed that following these funds into some of their long picks can help us beat the market over the long run (read more details about our small-cap strategy).

Let s start with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT), which ranked on the last spot. On Tuesday, Wal-Mart reported its financial results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2016 (ended October 31), which included revenue of $117.41 billion and EPS of $1.03, down from the $119 billion and $1.15 in EPS, that it posted a year earlier. The company also posted comparable store sales of 1.5%, and slightly narrowed its full-year earnings guidance to a range of $4.50-to-$4.65 per share. Among the funds we track, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) has 61 shareholders and they held around 3.40% of the company s outstanding stock at the end of September. Warren Buffett s Berkshire Hathaway inched down its stake in Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 4.20 million shares to 56.19 million shares during the third quarter.

Follow Wal Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Follow Wal Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Trade (NYSE:WMT) Now!

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) also ranked among the most searched stocks, which is not surprising, since the tech giant is always in the spotlight. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s class A stock has surged by over 40% since the beginning of the year and at 21-times forward earnings it is a bit overvalued compared to the S&P 500 s average forward P/E of 15.60. However, the company is expected to grow significantly over the long-run, which is why it is one of the favorite stocks among smart money investors. According to our data, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s class A stock ranked on the third spot, with 129 funds holding long positions at the end of September, including billionaires Andreas Halvorsen of Viking Global, Ken Fisher of Fisher Asset Management, and Leon Cooperman of Omega Advisors. 
2015-06-07
Google, Inc. Gains An Unlikely Ally in Wearable Tech Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently unveiled a touch-sensitive fabric, code-named Project Jacquard, at its annual I/O developer conference in San Francisco.

The fabric, which contains sensor-laden "conductive fibers," detects touches and swipes like a touchscreen and sends commands to a mobile device. According to Google, the conductive fibers are so thin that they can be woven into any type of woven textile.

Project Jacquard sounds like another one of Google's "moonshots," but Levi Strauss recently announced that it would partner with Google to turn the smart fabric into marketable clothing. Speaking to The Verge, Levi Strauss Vice President for Innovation Paul Dillinger called Jacquard a "dazzling opportunity" for the two Bay Area companies to work together.

The business of smart clothes

Google and Levi's aren't the first companies to try to make "smart" clothing. Last year, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich unveiled a sensor-laden shirt that could report a user's heart rate to a mobile device.

A start-up called Athos also makes clothes that measure heart rate, steps, and muscle effort during workouts. By using micro-EMG sensors, the shirt and pants detect which muscles are working the hardest, then deliver that data like a heat map to a mobile app.

The tech is impressive, but the entire outfit (pants, shirt, and a "Core" that houses a Bluetooth chip and motion sensors) costs about $400. Under Armour once tried to develop a similar smart shirt, but the project eventually evolved into a simple heart rate monitoring chest strap.

OMsignal makes similar clothing that can continuously measure heart rate and breathing through a black box on the side of the shirt. Another company, Sensoria, produces sensor-laden socks and a companion anklet that measure foot pressure while running. These devices also aren't cheap -- one OMsignal shirt and the companion box costs at least $240, while two pairs of Sensoria's socks and the anklet cost $199.

All of these products share three common problems. They're aimed at hard-core athletes, they have too many parts, and they're too expensive to become mainstream products.

How Google and Levi's could force the market to evolve

That's where Google and Levi's come in. Instead of tracking biometric data for hard-core athletes, the two companies could develop smart clothes for mainstream consumers.

Levi's Dillinger told WWD that the partnership was a "platforming opportunity," and that "the input is the gesture -- crossing your legs, swiping, waving, lifting" -- which can be used to control a mobile device. Unlike Athos' Core or OMsignal's black box, Levi's power source and Bluetooth connector is the size of a regular button. Combining that button with Google's fabric could make smart clothes look identical to normal clothing.

Levi's and Google haven't discussed possible applications in detail, but they're easy to see. For example, features that companies are cramming onto smartwatches -- such as music control or answering calls -- could be seamlessly woven into the sleeve of a jacket. If augmented reality glasses become more widely accepted, users could navigate the UI by touching or swiping their sleeves.

What smart clothes would mean for Google

Project Jacquard could either complement Android Wear or render it obsolete. If smart clothes catch on over the next few years, the need for smartwatches as smartphone remotes might decline. But if the smartwatch market continues growing, Project Jacquard could become an extension of Android Wear, allowing smartwatches to gather data directly from a user's clothing.

If Google can turn clothing into a "platform," it could mount an Android-like takeover of the textile industry. This means that any apparel maker looking for a quick way to connect its clothes to smartphones or smartwatches could license Google's conductive fibers. As a result, Google could gain more retail partners, new ways to track user data, and maybe even a new source of revenue.

The key takeaways

The idea of Google leaping out of electronic devices and onto your clothes is a bit unsettling, but it could happen in the near future. Research firm Gartner believes that annual shipments of smart garments will surge from 0.1 million in 2014 to 26 million in 2016.

But before getting ahead of ourselves, we should realize that two big issues could derail that growth. First, more advanced fitness trackers and smartwatches could reduce the need for smart clothes. Second, smart clothes must be competitively priced against regular clothing, otherwise they'll likely remain niche products for gadget geeks. 
2015-03-26
The Future Of YouTube Is Good For Google  Interview with Mark Meyers, Founder and CEO of Spiral Toys Inc.: CloudPets is ... Spotlight - Sponsored Sponsored Content

While most investors have been salivating over the endless possibilities from the advent of the Internet of Everything, one area that often gets overlooked is the multi-billion dollar toy market. From smart cars, to smart homes, to smart health, the excitement toward a more connected experience in everyday life is palpable.

Leveraging their expertise in mobile connected technologies and experience in consumer entertainment products, Spiral Toys (STOY) is looking to corner this market in the children and adolescent toy industry. With its lead product CloudPets, Spiral Toys is establishing itself as one of the early pioneers in the smart toy market.

The company is implementing a multi-revenue stream model that effectively retains and monetizes customers with each product purchase. Even more compelling, is the company s long-term vision to leverage its unique technology platform into becoming a dominant brand of its own.

Equities.com had the opportunity to speak with Mark Meyers, Founder and CEO of Spiral Toys, to learn more about the company s technology platform, business model, and significant momentum as it prepares for its upcoming national TV campaign for CloudPets.

EQ: Can you provide us a brief overview of Spiral Toys and its focus?

Meyers:At Spiral Toys, we're focused on creating different technologies in the connected mobile space that bring new entertainment experiences by connecting physical items to mobile devices. These items can be toys, consumer products, and anything that you think of as entertainment. We then connect those items back to an iPad or tablet device through various different kinds of connection platforms that we've created and patented.

EQ: Looking at your company's business model, you actually touch on a lot of hot markets right now. You can look at the toy market, but you also address the Internet of Things, apps and other areas. Can you give us the scope of the markets that you're targeting right now?

Meyers:Right now, we are targeting two major markets: the toy market with kids and then a consumer product market with tweens. We are really creating app experiences. That s the market that we're in. We are addressing market needs by bridging the divide between toys or physical items and different connected platforms. From there we can create strong, unique brands around these platforms.

For example, we built the CloudPet product line leveraging Bluetooth Low Energy technology, and partnered with a toy company to launch the brand. We collect initial revenue from the purchase of each physical toy, and then continue to monetize through the sale of complementary apps and content to those same customers in the digital space.

With the Vinyl brand, we are targeting the tween market by utilizing near-field technology embedded into physical stickers, which enables kids to share games, photos, music, videos and other digital content with one another.

By creating new and engaging entertainment apps and social platforms around physical items we are building an entirely new retail ecosystem that leverages retail sales and maximizes marketing efforts. We're not just out there on a virtual level, but also on a physical level.

EQ: What is the size of the market you re addressing with your products?

Meyers:In the mobile-connected toy arena, Disney (DIS) and Skylanders (ATVI) , which I consider to be two major players in the space, both averaged around $1 billion in revenue last year. I believe Activision, through Skylanders, did more than $1 billion. There is also the educational market with leaders such as LeapFrog (LF) bringing in half a billion annually alone. This is another sought-after space that toy companies are trying to push into. Altogether, I look at the connected toy space to be an $8 billion to $10 billion market this year and fully anticipate it to keep expanding at an aggressive rate.

That being said, the market for near-field technologies and other digitally connected platforms leaves a gap to fill in the tween and young adult market, which is completely unaddressed. We re looking at what could be a $10 billion to $12 billion space in 2016. So between the two, we believe there is at least a $20 billion opportunity there. We seem to be one of the few companies focused on addressing both sides of that space. And by leveraging the Apple (AAPL) and Android (GOOG) operating systems we are tapping into a much larger user base than that of dedicated game consoles like the PlayStation 4 (SNE) or the Xbox One (MSFT) .

EQ: Interconnectivity seems to be the direction that everything is moving towards. As you mentioned, there s not a lot of competitors in this space yet, so what are some of your advantages in establishing your leadership?

Meyers:First of all, we entered a space that has a very high entry point, meaning both money and time are heavily invested upfront. To be competitive with Spiral Toys at this juncture a company would have to develop a similar technology platform, create iPhone and Android apps to leverage that technology, and then launch a toy into the retail sales space with all of this in place. This process takes years of R&D and investors with deep pockets and patience.

All toys are usually sold 12 months prior to them being on the shelf. Toys that you see in during the holidays of 2015 are actually sold in October and November of 2014. It takes time. It s not like the app space and the social gaming space. People see a new app, they go and they replicate that gameplay experience and they can put an app back into the marketplace with the exact same experience in just a month or two. With toys, it takes two to three years to create the same hardware experience, the same software experience, the same brand, and to launch it into retail. The life cycle is much longer. We re built to protect the space because of the nature of the industry and the strength of our partnerships in the manufacturing process.

We also have several IPs and patents which offers us protection for the technology we have created. We ve built an expertise in Bluetooth Low Energy and Near Field Communication that very few companies currently have. It is a fairly new technology and we got into it almost a year and a half before it was viable to even bring a product into the market. In addition, we have constructed a robust technology library which gives us a substantial competitive advantage over our competitors.

EQ: Geographically, what markets are you targeting right now?

Meyers:To maximize our efficiency, we have carefully selected geographic locations best suited for the different functions and departments of our company. Geographically, our headquarters, which houses the publishing side of our business, is in Los Angeles. This is primarily because it s where the brands and the properties are, and where deals happen. The development of our software experiences and hardware is done in British Columbia where we can take advantage of tax credits that only a few Canadian provinces provide. By doing this we expect to get upwards of 30% to 35% of any salaries that we spend on research and development back as a credit from the BC government next year.

We ve also created an Asian entity in Hong Kong whose primary job is to work with our toy and consumer product partners. They work directly with the factories to bring the whole product package together. This enables us to sell these products to our partners and to export directly from China.

Spiral Toys Hong Kong offers us two major advantages. First, we wanted an entity that would be able to work with both factories as well as with toy companies. Most toy companies have Hong Kong entities to deal with invoicing and clearing, and to work with the factories in Asia before exporting out. Having a presence there gives us the ability to seamlessly work with a multitude of partners and customers that we wouldn t otherwise have ready access to. Secondly, by manufacturing products that are already embedded with Spiral s technology, we are maximizing a revenue potential which was previously limited to licensing agreements and royalty fees. . This builds a predictable and consistent revenue stream for Spiral and allows us to manage the quality of our product.

By spreading out globally, we are able to effectively offer everything from licensing, to the creation of new technology, software applications, manufacturing and soon, direct response marketing technologies and programs.

EQ: You ve described your executive team as world class. There s certainly a lot of experience and pedigree there. Can you tell us about some of the members on your team?

Meyers:I founded Spiral Toys when I saw the direction technology was heading while working in the video game industry where I held several executive positions with Sony Computer Entertainment and the Walt Disney Company. From 2004-2011 I was a head of a product development team at Disney Interactive. Spiral Toys was born when I saw I could develop the mobile-connected platforms the market was going to need, and I left my position at Disney to do just that.

Jorge Freitas, our CTO was our first hire. He worked for Electronic Arts (EA) as a Technical Director for several different products that they had in development. He was also a Studio Tech Director for Disney and a very well respected technologist and technology leader in Vancouver. That gives us some really competitive advantages in terms of finding the right developers to do the right job.

Bob Stewart, our CFO, has had years of experience working not only on the public side but also on the private side. Bob has been involved in this company since the beginning and has helped us transition and grow both with the building of our products and the company. He brings a great breadth of experience and knowledge of developing a company at our stage and preparing for the future.

Recently, we brought in two new general managers that both come from the gaming world. They are taking on the management of our product lines. We have also engaged several digital app development studios to further advance our products. We have brought on an engineering firm and manufacturing contract firm dedicated to Spiral Toys Hong Kong to support our efforts there. I am amazed at the level of creativity and proficiency each member brings to the team and believe that building out these products requires finding the right people to work together to bring great products to market.

EQ: Looking at some of the news that you guys have rolled out year-to-date, it looks like you've built a lot of momentum with a lot of announcements on multiple fronts. Can give us some highlights on these recent achievements?

Meyers:One of our biggest achievements was the launch of our first product, the Toy-Fi Teddy. We shipped about 80,000 units of that product through last year s holiday season. It was a great experience and great exposure for the company, but we didn t really fulfill what we were hoping to do with our product. It was more of a test to see how our technology would work in the marketplace.

We just signed a partnership agreement with a prominent company called Jay@Play and Jay Franco and Sons. Together we are able to bring Spiral s products to market, and it s absolutely amazing the traction we've got.

In April, we are launching our TV campaign for CloudPets, which will run for the remainder of the year. In early summer, we're placing products at major retailers. There s a lot of excitement around our CloudPets property, and in fact, Toys R Us Canada gave the product the  Overall Best Toy  award at their vendor show this past fall.

Actually, things are going so well that we're on our way back to Asia to up our production capabilities because the orders that we have received exceed the capacity of the factories that we're currently using. I suppose this is a great problem to have. We will bring new factories online to be able to fulfill the demand of our customer base.

Those are very significant developments at this still early stage of the company s development. I want to make sure that we have some very strong milestones in place. I want to see Q2 and Q3 become fundamentally sound for the company and then start building digital revenue. We may assess whether we should bring the company onto a more senior exchange, which is a goal that we do have. But, again, it's about hitting our milestones and hitting the goals of the company. So far everything that we want to hit, we have hit.

EQ: You ve identified the significant milestones for the next six months, but, longer term, what is the bigger vision that you have for Spiral Toys?

Meyers:Longer term, we want to see a shift coming from the development side into our lines of revenue. We actually have three lines of revenue for each product that we sell. We have a manufacturing side, we have royalties from licensing the property, as well as the digital revenue. What I think is important for the investment community to realize is that from a cash flow standpoint, we not only hit but maximize each one of those revenue streams.

I am excited to see what s going to happen next as all of our plans begin to take shape and the realization of all our hard work in everything that we've done. Our products sales and earnings statements will tell a clear story of our progress for our investment community.

We want to have good transparency so that everybody can track our progress and get behind a company that really has some high growth potential. We re here to build a company that is going to be here for 50 years, not something that is going to be gone tomorrow. That is our philosophy and that is how we will measure our success.

EQ: Is the CloudPets model easy to replicate when you sign additional licenses?

Meyers: That is an interesting question. Having gone through the complete lifecycle of the CloudPets product Iine, I can see where applying the Spiral technology to products to create a new line could seem fairly easy. However we are more focused on creating brands than we are products.

I want to use our technology and innovation to build the CloudPets brand. Brands live forever. Brands are tough to marginalize. Technology can be marginalized. It always is, so for us, I don t want to use our technology and innovation that we invested our time and money behind to go and help another company to continue to build their dominance in properties.

We're very selective with how we partner and who we partner with, because otherwise our technology will be marginalized. I want our products to be known as the one and only CloudPets. There might be replicas and there might be something that is similar, but it's not the same. For example, as CloudPets becomes a highly successful brand we would be positioned to create a Disney-branded CloudPet. This is different than simply licensing software to another company to use in their physical products, and it s a much stronger business model.

We build brands with the benefit of a high valuation because of their ability to continue to bring new experiences on the same brand. Every time we do that, it's going to be get easier and easier, and more profitable and more money is going to come into the company.

EQ: So you have a very clear focus and specific target of what you want this company to be. Any additional closing comments or final takeaways that you want to share with our readers?

Meyers:The beauty of our company is in our products. Having prominent products that utilize all types of media offers the company a great deal of exposure and strengthens our brand. We re very focused on how we continue to build not only products and revenue, but also building a brand and an awareness of the strengths and capabilities of the company we re creating. I think that's where we drive the shareholder's value.

A company can be generating the most money in the world, but if nobody knows about you, it's very hard to see the share price move. We are very focused on making the right products, the right technology, getting the right exposure, and on being profitable. For the company to continue to grow and excel, that s something that we're very focused on. We want to align the company in the right way to take full advantage of that growth.

Disclosure: In the purview of Section 17(B) of the Securities Act of 1933 and in the interest of full disclosure, we call the reader's attention to the fact that Equities.com, Inc. may be compensated by the companies profiled in the Spotlight Companies section. The purpose of these profiles is to provide awareness of these companies to investors in the micro, small-cap and growth equity community and should not in any way come across as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold these securities. Equities.com is not a registered broker, broker dealer, investment advisor, analyst, investment banker or underwriter. All profiles are based on information that is available to the public. The information contained herein should not be considered to be all-inclusive and is not guaranteed by Equities.com to be free from misstatement or errors. Readers are reminded to do their own due diligence when researching any companies mentioned on this website.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer Thanks, RHEL and IoT: Red Hat Inc Stock Jumps on Q4 Earnings Linux veteran Red Hat (NYSE:RHT) reported results for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year of 2015 Wednesday afternoon, leaving analyst projections in the dust. Moreover, the company renewed its share buyback program with a much higher dollar figure.

Investors caught on to this impressive one-two punch. Red Hat shares soared as much as 12% higher overnight, setting new 52-week and 15-year highs. Red Hat stock closed Thursday up 10% from the previous day's close.

Just the news, please

Red Hat's adjusted earnings rose 10% year over year to land at $0.43 per share. Analysts would have settled for $0.41 per share. On the top line, fourth-quarter sales grew 16%, to $464 million, also ahead of Wall Street's $457 million consensus estimate. That's in spite of heavy currency-related headwinds; in constant currency terms, Red Hat's revenue increased by 22%.

"We continued to experience strong demand for our open, hybrid cloud technologies, as evidenced by increased cross-selling in our top 30 deals which were all over $2 million for the first time," said CEO Jim Whitehurst in a prepared statement.

As for the share repurchase policy, the $300 million authorization that was launched in 2013 was about to hit its two-year deadline at the end of March. It was also nearly exhausted, because Red Hat had bought back $220 million of its own shares under that plan.

The new policy gives Red Hat another two years to spend $500 million on share buybacks. The new authorization is 40% larger than the expiring one, but then again, Red Hat's market value has grown 49% since the previous plan was announced. The company is simply keeping pace with changing market realities, ready to retire another 3% or so of the outstanding share count from the open market.

I'd like more meat on these bones!

The earnings release didn't dive much deeper into the reasons behind Red Hat's fantastic results. To get a fresh view of that crucial information, I hopped on a private call with Paul Cormier, Red Hat's president of products and technologies.

Right away, Cormier pounced on the heart of the matter: Red Hat's emerging technology products are growing at a breakneck pace, taking the entire company along for the ride. According to Cormier:

We have two broad product categories now. One is infrastructure, which is mainly Red Hat Enterprise Linux, Red Hat Enterprise Virtualization and associated products; and then the applications development category, which is all of our new products. Both grew very strongly, but the applications side reported 43% growth. I think the fact that they're both growing together is important, especially when you consider that all the products are driven by Linux and RHEL.

Application development has indeed become the little growth engine that could. After another year of more than doubling the sales growth of Red Hat's larger infrastructure division, the emerging technologies now account for 16% of the company's overall subscription sales. That's up from 13% a year ago.

That's not to say that RHEL is growing obsolete, by any means. Rather, customers use Red Hat's core product in different ways nowadays.

"When we started RHEL 12 years ago, it was really a commoditization play," Cormier said. "But over the last decade, it has become an innovation edge. It's really where all the innovation is happening now. Whether it be [cloud platform] OpenStack, [application development suite] OpenShift, storage management -- all of those are driven by new technologies that are developed and conceived and deployed on RHEL."

In other words, it's getting harder and harder to separate the Enterprise Linux system's business impact from other sales. Customers tend to order up entire packages, with RHEL simply sitting at the heart of it all.

For example, Red Hat landed its largest-ever OpenShift sale this quarter, a deal north of $10 million to a large, but unnamed, enterprise customer. "It's a major company, retooling their entire application development model and standardizing on OpenShift," Cormier said, deftly resisting my attempts to score clues to the identity of this mystery client. "And they literally are retooling to more of the DevOps model."

That means embracing the open source development philosophy, either straight up or modified to stay open within the confines of the app-building organization. OpenShift and DevOps is all about sharing code and information on a large scale, helping other teams and remote developers pull their weight in a flexible way.

This idea would have been anathema to most enterprises just a few years ago. In many cases, coding was done under tight wraps, sometimes separating even developers in the same company from each other's code.

But the times, they are a-changing. And Red Hat gets to reap the rewards of this shift, while also helping to steer the trend itself.

More detail on the Internet of Things

Just as RHEL is involved in nearly everything Red Hat does, the Internet of Things also drives the business forward without attracting a whole lot of attention to itself. Cormier explained:

The Internet of Things is really a higher-level solutions play. There's no SKU that you order to buy '10 Internet of Things things.' Instead, it's a usage pattern applied to many of our products. A lot of the deals that we saw this quarter can be categorized as that, where it's not just about the operating system anymore. We're seeing solutions that take the OS as a base, adding in JBoss middleware with JBoss messaging as part of the overall solution. The customers may take storage, may even take OpenStack to support things like IoT applications -- both on the device side and on the back-end server end.

Here, Cormier revisited some familiar ground, since I've discussed the Internet of Things with him before. Some companies might specialize in this emerging market, but it's simply another tailwind for Red Hat.

Growing demand for robust computing solutions is almost automatically good news for all-stars like Red Hat, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and IBM (NYSE:IBM). The Internet of Things delivers that in spades, with a particular focus on secure data communications. That means platform sales plus JBoss Messaging growth for Red Hat, a boost to the time-tested MQ messaging suite for IBM, and MSMQ for Microsoft.

The Internet of Things is almost always a multipart sales opportunity for these ninjas of secure messaging, stacking several solutions together both on the server side and among devices in the field. Don't expect Red Hat -- or anybody else, really -- to break out IoT sales from their general results anytime soon, but do expect this macro trend to keep driving sales upward across the industry.

"We don't report an Internet of Things product, but indirectly, that's a big contributor to our whole product portfolio getting more robust," said Cormier.

Final thoughts

There you have it. Red Hat is both driving and riding a handful of enormous industry trends right now, resulting in great sales growth and equally impressive profits. The stock was recently stuck in neutral for a while, but investors can now look back at a market-crushing 44% return over the last year.

This is a great time to own Red Hat. And you shouldn't feel like you missed the boat on this growth stock. I expect the good times to last at least as long as the Internet of Things explosion unfolds. That means many more years of strong growth ahead; maybe even decades. EU antitrust regulators to investigate ecommerce Competition European Commissioner-designate Margrethe Vestager of Denmark addresses the European Parliament's Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, at the EU Parliament in Brussels October 2, 2014. REUTERS/Eric Vidal

BERLIN European Union regulators plan to investigate ecommerce to help remove barriers to cross-border trade in the 28-nation bloc, the EU's antitrust chief said, a move that may lead to action against companies which deliberately block online sales.

European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said she decided to launch the year-long inquiry because such hurdles were hampering the growth of online sales.

According to the European Commission, while one in two EU consumers shopped online last year, just 15 percent bought a product online in another EU country because of restrictions such as language, different laws and anti-competitive behavior,

"It is high time to remove remaining barriers to ecommerce, which is a vital part of a true Digital Single Market in Europe," Vestager told reporters at a conference organized by the German competition authority on Thursday.

"We hope to get the preliminary results in mid-2016. It is a long wait but it reflects the scope of the inquiry," Vestager said. The EU competition authority plans to send questionnaires to all EU countries and a number of companies.

Vestager's announcement came a day after the Commission said it would unveil proposals in May to remove online sales barriers to promote growth in the digital economy..

It highlighted high delivery costs and differences in prices charged by online retailers for the same goods to consumers in different countries.

Vestager's inquiry aims to identify anti-competitive barriers and find ways to tackle them.

Vestager, whose staff this month raided a number of companies which sell consumer electrical and electronic products online on suspicion of illegal behavior, said she was also investigating possible "geo-blocking" of online video games sales.

The latest action followed raids in December 2013 on Dutch company Philips, South Korean peer Samsung and German retail chain Media Saturn.

Vestager, who is Danish, said the inquiry was not targeted at U.S. companies which are major players in ecommerce.

"It is not a question of nationality, it is a question of behavior," she said.

The Commission can open cases against companies if the inquiry finds evidence of wrongdoing. Previous inquiries targeted the pharmaceutical and banking sectors, which led to cases and fines against several firms.

(Editing by Keith Weir) Interview with the President and COO and the EVP and CFO: GAMCO Investors, Inc ... Interview with the President and COO and the EVP and CFO: GAMCO Investors, Inc. (GBL)

Robert Zuccaro has served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of GAMCO Investors, Inc., since February 2011, and previously from 1998 to 2003. He has served in a number of senior financial roles over the past 36 years, including positions with Shearson Lehman Bros., Cybex International, Inc., and National Financial Partners Corp. He began his career with Ernst & Young and is a certified public accountant. Profile Douglas R. Jamieson has served as President and Chief Operating Officer of GAMCO Investors, Inc., since August 2004. He has served as President and Chief Operating Officer of GAMCO Asset Management Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the company, since 1986, and as director of GAMCO Asset Management Inc. since 1991. Mr. Jamieson also serves as President and a director of Gabelli Securities, Inc., a majority-owned subsidiary of the company, and a director of GAMCO Asset Management UK Ltd., a wholly owned subsidiary of the company. Mr. Jamieson began his career as an analyst with Gabelli & Company, Inc., from 1981 to 1986. He has an MBA in finance and accounting from Columbia Business School, and a B.A. in economics and international relations from Bucknell University. GAMCO Investors, Inc. (NYSE:GBL), through its subsidiaries, manages assets of private advisory accounts through GAMCO; mutual funds and closed-end funds through Gabelli Funds, LLC; and partnerships and offshore funds through Investment Partnerships; and is known for its Private Market Value with a Catalyst style of management. Profile

Mr. Jamieson: GAMCO is an acronym for Gabelli Asset Management Company. The firm was formed in 1977 as a broker/dealer. It s 
2015-09-03
Net-A-Porter founder leaves abruptly ahead of merger PARIS/MILAN Natalie Massenet, founder and executive chairman of online fashion group Net-A-Porter, said on Thursday it was the right time to leave after she resigned abruptly ahead of the completion of a planned merger with Italy's Yoox.

Regarded as the fashion visionary of the soon-to-be-combined business, she was to become its executive chairman and oversee editorial content, one of Net-A-Porter's main strengths.

Massenet, who pocketed this year more than 100 million pounds ($153.09 million) as part of a deal with Net-A-Porter's controlling shareholder Richemont, said it was time for her to move on to explore new ideas and opportunities.

A friend of Massenet, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said she had returned from holiday last week and had not warned anyone about her plan to step down.

"It was a personal decision based on deep reflections during her long summer holiday about what she wanted to do with her life now," the person said.

He said that the prospect of leading a listed company, with all the obligations it entailed, did not excite her as much as other projects she had in mind.

He said she would not receive a pay-out on top of what was in her contract or the money she received as part of her agreement with Richemont and for selling her remaining Net-A-Porter stake.

The merger, announced in March and expected to complete next month, will create a leader in the fast-growing online luxury market with combined sales of more than 1.3 billion euros.

Some industry insiders said the writing was on the wall as Massenet and Federico Marchetti, the head of Yoox who will lead the new company, had very different personalities and Massenet may have foreseen the potential for clashes.

The two had already locked horns last year when initial merger talks collapsed, sources close to the two companies said.

As a result, Massenet's exit was not a complete surprise as she would have taken a back seat in the new group, with Marchetti as CEO. One Milan trader said her departure removed any risk of conflict between the two.

Yoox's shares, which have fallen recently alongside other luxury and fashion stocks because of concerns over the Chinese economy, rose 5.2 percent to 27.9 euros by 0440 ET, outperforming a rising luxury sector.

Marchetti and Massenet were not available for comment and Net-A-Porter declined to comment.

Analysts said the resignation of Massenet, a highly regarded figure in the fashion world and chairman of the British Fashion Council, was a blow for the new group.

"The loss of her ties with the luxury industry should be seen as a critical negative," JP Morgan said in a note. The U.S. bank said this was not just because of the implications for the merged group but also because it might reduce the likelihood of a luxury company coming in as a strategic investor in a capital raising following the merger.

Richemont, which owns jewelers Cartier and Van Cleef & Arpels, agreed in March to sell Net-A-Porter to Yoox in an all-share deal that valued it at the time at around 950 million pounds. Richemont was awarded 50 percent of the combined company's share capital as part of the deal.

Since then, an independent arbiter gave Net-A-Porter a much higher valuation which minority shareholders such as Massenet could use to argue that their stake was worth more.

Yoox said on Wednesday the merger had received all required anti-trust clearances and expected it to be finalised next month.

(Additional reporting by Francesca Landini and Andrea Mandala, editing by Jane Merriman) U.S. judge approves $415 mln settlement in tech worker lawsuit, which workers accused Apple Inc, Google Inc and Intel Corp and Adobe Systems Inc - Reuters  
2015-11-06
Exclusive: Verizon weighing $10 billion sale of enterprise assets - sources A woman is cashed out at a Verizon store in New York's financial district May 12, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid

NEW YORK Verizon Communications Inc is exploring a sale of its enterprise assets which could be worth as much as $10 billion, according to people familiar with the matter, as the largest U.S. wireless carrier seeks to focus on its core business.

The sale would include the business formerly known as MCI, which provides landline and Internet services for large business customers, as well as Terremark, its data center unit, the people said this week.

The businesses have struggled to keep up with advances in cloud computing, and face fierce price competition from players such as Alphabet Inc and Amazon.com Inc.

Verizon's enterprise assets might not be easy to separate and any potential buyer would likely have to sign commercial agreements with the company, some of the people said. Verizon is still considering how some of these asset sales could best be structured and no deal is imminent, the people added.

Wireline provider CenturyLink Inc was in talks with Verizon earlier this year to buy some of the assets but could not agree on terms, the people said. In a strategy shift, CenturyLink announced this week it would instead explore options for some of its data centers, including possibly selling them.

Citigroup Inc has been advising Verizon on the possible sale of the assets, which have estimated annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization of around $2 billion, the people added.

The sources asked not to be identified because the matter is confidential. Verizon, CenturyLink and Citigroup declined to comment.

The enterprise telecommunications industry has had to adapt in recent years to corporate customers seeking more sophisticated and cheaper offerings to manage their data.

AT&T Inc has been exploring a sale of its data center assets for some time, while Windstream Holdings Inc sold its data center business for $575 million to TierPoint last month.

Verizon Chief Financial Officer Fran Shammo said, during the company's third-quarter earnings call on Oct. 20, that it continues "to work through secular and economic challenges" with its global enterprise division, which posted a 4.9 percent decline in revenue in the quarter ended Sept. 30.

Verizon's $8.4 billion acquisition of MCI was completed in 2006 following a fierce bidding war with Qwest Communications, which is now part of CenturyLink. It acquired Terremark Worldwide Inc in 2011 for $1.4 billion.

Verizon has been looking to sell other non-core assets as well. In February, it announced the sale of residential landline assets to Frontier Communications for $10.54 billion, and unloaded its tower portfolio for more than $5 billion.

(Corrects paragraph three to face instead of faces)

(Reporting by Liana B. Baker and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Additional reporting by Malathi Nayak; Editing by Richard Chang) As Goes Apple Inc. (AAPL) So Goes the Nation: The Rise of the Digital Service ...  As goes GM, so goes the Nation  is attributed to Charles Wilson, CEO of GM, in Congressional hearings 1953. His viewpoint was that GM was so big, and so important, that the country s economic fortunes were inherently dependent on a robust General Motors.

And this was not so far fetched in the Industrial era. 1940s-1960s America was a manufacturing king. Following WWII industrial products dominated the economy, and post-war U.S. manufacturers made products sold around the world as other economies rebuilt and recovered, or just started emerging. With manufacturing the jobs and economic value creator, and GM the largest manufacturer and non-government employer of its time, what was good for GM was generally good for America.

But that tie has clearly broken. GM filed bankruptcy in the summer of 2009. From 2007 to 2009 American employment fell from 121.5M to just over 110M. Last month jobs rose by 271,000, pushing employment to a fully recovered 122M jobs. However, GM and its manufacturing partners have struggled to recover, as this economic expansion has largely left them behind.

We ve seen a wild shift in the country s economic base. In 1900 America was an agrarian economy. Over half the population lived on farms. Fully 9 out of 10 working people had a job related to agriculture and food production. But automation changed this dramatically. By 2010, fewer than 1 in 100 people worked in farming or agriculture. Farm incomes are at a 9 year low, and the future direction is downward. Rural towns have disappeared as people moved to cities, concentrating over half the nation s wealth in just its 20 largest cities.

WWII marked the shift from an agrarian to an industrial economy for America. It was the industrial economy that pulled America out of the1930s Great Depression. The industrial revolution ushered in all kinds of mechanical automation, and it was applied to doing everything as labor shortages forced innovation to meet rising defense challenges. And it was the industrial econom

But we re no longer an industrial economy. Just as the agrarian economy vanished, so too is the manufacturing economy. Manufacturing jobs have been declining since 1970, and by 2010 they represent only 13% of workers and 15% of the country s GDP (Gross Domestic Product).

By 2000 we had started the shift from an industrial to an information economy. Digital bits replaced machines as the source of wealth creation. By 2010 it was services, and the huge growth in digital services, that caused the jobs recovery. Services now represent 84% of all jobs, and 82% of the economy. (Economic statistics from FTPress division of Pearson Publishing.)

Today the 3 most valuable companies in America are Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT). Number 6 is Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB). Their value (and in the case of Apple, Google and Facebook rather rapid value explosion) has been due to understanding how to maximize the value of information. They don t so much  make things  as they make life better through products which are purely ethereal   rather than something tangible.

Today s #1 valued retailer is Amazon, now worth more than Wal-mart. Amazon is largely a technology company, building its revenues by knowing more about the customer and what she wants, then matching that with the right products. All in a virtual shopping arena. No stores, salespeople and often no inventory needed. Its technology skills became so good the company has become the #1 provider of cloud services.

Tesla has done something everyone thought impossible. It has created a new auto company where many others failed (recall the DeLorean used in  Back to the Future ? Or the Bricklin?) But Tesla did this by building an entirely different car, one that is based on all new electric technology, that has far fewer moving parts, needs far less service, has better operating performance and actually bears little resemblance to the autos   or auto companies   of the past. Tesla is far more a technology company, designed for the information era, than what we would think of as a  car company. 

The ramifications of this are dramatic. Working class middle age white people are dying faster than any other demographic in America. Their death rates are up 22%, and continuing to increase precipitously. Cause: suicide, drugs and alcohol. This is the group that once found good paying jobs working machines in manufacturing. Now, untrained for the information era, they are unable to find work   even though demand for trained labor is outstripping supply.

Today s growth companies, those powering the American economic engine, are filled with intellectual assets rather than physical assets. Apple, Google and Facebook (et.al.) are creating intellectual capital, and they need employees able to add to that capital base. it is not enough for job candidates to have a college degree any longer. Today s job hunter has to be information savvy, digital savvy, tech savvy.

In the 1960s the gap widened dramatically between those in manufacturing and those in farming. By the 1970s farms were closing by the hundreds as value shifted out of agrarian production to industrial production. It was devastating to farm communities and farm families.

Today the gap is widening between those skilled in manufacturing or general knowledge and those with information-based skills. The former are seeing their dreams slip away, while the latter are making incomes at a young age that are hard to fathom. Cities like Detroit are crumbling, while San Francisco cannot supply enough housing for its workers. The shift to an information economy is fully in force, and change is accelerating. For those who make the shift much is to be gained, for those who do not there is much to lose. 
2015-03-27
Why Google Should Acquire Level 3 To Grow Fiber  
2015-03-18
LVMH's Tag Heuer surfs wave of smartwatch partnerships The Tag Heuer logo is seen at the entrance of their new watch manufactory in Chevenez November 5, 2013. REUTERS/Ruben Sprich

BASEL, Switzerland Tag Heuer plans to unveil a smartwatch on Thursday among a wave of partnerships expected at the world's biggest watch fair this week as luxury watchmakers fight back against Apple.

The Swiss watch brand, the biggest at French luxury group LVMH, will announce it is teaming up with U.S. chip maker Intel Corp to create a digital version of one of its best-selling model, industry sources have said.

Tag Heuer is planning to launch next autumn a smartwatch version of its Carrera watch that will offer many of the same functions as the Apple watch such as geolocation, distance walked and altitude.

The major difference is that the watch will be a digital replica of the original Tag Heuer black Carrera, known for its bulky, sporty allure, and will look like the original.

"People will have the impression that they are wearing a normal watch," Tag Heuer Chief Executive Jean-Claude Biver told Reuters in an interview at Baselworld, the industry's biggest fair where retailers place their orders for the year.

Biver agreed with Swatch Group Chief Executive Nick Hayek who said the smartwatch "would increase the cake" for the industry as a whole.

"Apple will get young people used to wearing a watch and later maybe they will want to buy themselves a real watch," Biver said.

The jury is still out on whether Apple's smartwatch will be a major success once it hits the stores next month but Swiss watch makers have been busy trying to come up with attractive alternatives ahead of time.

Many analysts predict Apple's watch, to be priced from $349 to $17,000, will dent sales at several Swatch Group brands, such as Tissot and Omega. JPMorgan estimates 33 percent of Swatch Group's profit is exposed to Apple's watch threat.

Swatch Group has told analysts it will integrate near field communication (NFC) into several of its watch brands, first Swatch, then Tissot and Omega.

It said its competitive advantage would be longer battery life than Apple's watch as its smartwatches, having more limited capabilities, would require less energy. Apple watches must be recharged every 18 hours, meaning they typically cannot be worn overnight.

Tissot, which has long been making watches with touch screens, on Wednesday unveiled its new connected T-Touch fitted watch with a solar battery.

Makers of traditional mechanic watches such as Hermes and family-owned Patek Philippe said there would always be demand for the real thing.

Their argument is that the technology of smartwatches such as that of Apple will be obsolete after a few years while luxury watches could last centuries. They also pointed out that Apple's watch needed an iPhone to be in close proximity to function fully.

"When you are buy a Patek Philippe, you buy a timeless piece of art," said Patek Philippe Chairman Thierry Stern. "It would be as if you told people to no longer buy paintings but TV screens projecting the image of a painting."

Stern also said he believed many consumers would prefer wearing a traditional watch with a suit or a black tie, rather than a smartwatch.

Both Patek Philippe sand Hermes said they had no plans to market smartwatches.

"For the moment, Hermes is observing what is going on," said Guillaume de Seynes, a managing director at Hermes. "We still do not know how the smartwatch market will evolve."

(Reporting by Astrid Wendlandt, editing by David Evans) Discovery Channel founder starts nonfiction streaming video service Discovery Channel founder John Hendricks on Wednesday launched a subscription streaming service for fans of science, technology and history, with the goal of dominating the nonfiction category in on-demand, online video.

Hendricks said the ad-free service CuriosityStream fulfilled his long-held desire to deliver programming that people can watch whenever they want. He hopes it will become viewers' third or fourth online video subscription after choices like Netflix Inc and Hulu.

"I've been dreaming and scheming about this for over 20 years," Hendricks said in an interview.

To pursue the project, Hendricks retired in 2014 from Discovery Communications Inc, which operates the Discovery Channel and other networks that are sold in bundles through cable television operators.

"This needs to be independent of the legacy business," he said. "It's really difficult to just break ranks and threaten your existing revenue stream."

CuriosityStream costs $3 a month for standard resolution or $6 a month for high-definition. A sharper-definition option, known as 4K, is planned for later this year.

The service is available in the United States and will expand worldwide over five years.

Like other Internet-delivered video, CuriosityStream will compete for viewers in a sea of online content as networks like Time Warner Inc's HBO and CBS jump into the streaming mix. Apple Inc also is in talks with some broadcasters about an online service, the Wall Street Journal reported on Monday.

Programming on CuriosityStream includes short videos of less than eight minutes and longer documentary-style series that were produced for the service or acquired from partners such as British Broadcasting Corp or Japanese broadcaster NHK. "Destination Pluto" follows a team that sent a space probe to the planet. Another series features a photographer's interviews with celebrities such as Ray Charles and Martin Scorsese.

Hendricks said he remained a "very bullish" shareholder of Discovery, citing the growth potential of its cable TV business in international markets.

He said CuriosityStream was aimed primarily at viewers who watch video online and will pay for commercial-free content.

Hendricks said he may add live streams of events to CuriosityStream and was exploring virtual reality applications that could immerse people in experiences such as hang gliding or a trip to the moon.

(Reporting by Lisa Richwine; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Alibaba shares fall as lock-up period expires An employee is seen behind a glass wall with the logo of Alibaba at the company's headquarters on the outskirts of Hangzhou, Zhejiang province, April 23, 2014. REUTERS/Chance Chan

NEW YORK Alibaba Group Holding Inc declined on Wednesday, as a six-month period prohibiting insiders from selling their shares expired, an event that many thought could expose the Chinese e-commerce giant's stock to more weakness.

Shares were down 0.9 percent at $83.70. Consolidated volume was about 18.3 million after the first hour of trading, topping its 10-day average of 16.8 million. The stock has shed nearly 30 percent since its Nov. 10 closing high.

The lock-up period that expires Wednesday will allow insiders owning a total of 437 million Alibaba shares to sell.

By the time all those shares are released, that chunk, representing about 18 percent of outstanding shares, exceeds the 368 million it sold in the IPO, though about 100 million held by employees cannot be sold until the company reports results in May.

"Lock up expiration dates are fraught with selling," said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst, Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh.

"Who knows what people actually paid or what their cost basis is. But a lot of the time, people don t care, they just want some cash, some liquidity, and that is what drives prices lower regardless of the fundamentals of the company."

A larger lock-up of more than a billion shares held by insiders, including Yahoo! Inc, expires in September. That has raised investor concerns about further drops in the stock as insiders sell.

Alibaba opened Sept. 19 at $92.70, ended its first day of trading at $93.89 and reached its peak Nov. 13 at $120. The stock closed Tuesday at $84.50, about 24 percent above the $68 initial public offering price.

As of Feb 27, short interest in the stock came to almost 57 million shares, or 2.3 percent of Alibaba's outstanding stock (2.488 billion). That's more than double the 21 million shares as of Sept 30, when the Nasdaq began compiling data.

(Editing by Bernadette Baum) 
2015-04-30
Apple Watch has lowest hardware cost to price: IHS A customer presents his Apple Watch after buying it at a store in Paris, France, April 24, 2015. REUTERS/Benoit Tessier

Apple Inc's Watch has the lowest ratio of hardware costs to retail price across any Apple phone, according to a preliminary estimate by research firm IHS after a teardown study.

The hardware cost of an Apple Watch Sport model was about 24 percent of the suggested retail price compared with 29-38 percent for the iPhone maker's other products, IHS said on Thursday. (bit.ly/1zuOZMq)

The Apple Watch Sport 38 mm costs $349 and the teardown shows a bill of materials of $81.20 with the cost of production rising to $83.70 when $2.50 in manufacturing expense is added, IHS said.

(This version of the story corrects the first paragraph to say Apple phone, not Apple product, after IHS amends report)

(Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Kirti Pandey) California ACLU group launches app to record possible police misconduct LOS ANGELES A California civil liberties group launched a mobile application on Thursday that will let bystanders record cell phone videos of possible cases of police misconduct and then quickly save the footage to the organization's computer servers.

The California chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union said the app will send the video to the organization and preserve it even if a phone is seized by police or destroyed.

The launch of the ACLU's "Mobile Justice CA" app comes as law enforcement agencies face scrutiny over the use of lethal force, especially against African-Americans, following several high-profile deaths of unarmed black men in encounters with police over the last year in the United States.

"It's critical that people understand what is being done by police officers, because what is being done is being done in the name of the public," said Hector Villagra, executive director of the ACLU of Southern California.

The app is targeted at residents of the most populous U.S. state, but ACLU chapters have launched similar mobile apps in at least five other states, including New York, Missouri and Mississippi over the last three years.

It also sends an alert to anyone with the app who might be in the area, giving them an opportunity to go to the location and observe, the ACLU said.

Villagra said the ACLU, in looking at which cases to delve into more deeply, will prioritize those that come with a written report, which is another element users can submit through the app. Records of incidents from users living in other states will be sent to ACLU officials there, he said.

ACLU officials advised anyone interacting directly with officers who wants to use the app to announce they are reaching for a phone, because officers might mistake the device for a weapon.

A representative from the California Peace Officers Association declined to comment immediately on the app.

In the past, advocates for police have expressed concern that people videotaping officers might interfere with their duties in an already tense situation.

This week in Los Angeles, the city's Police Commission approved rules governing the use of body cameras as its police department moves toward becoming the largest in the nation to put the devices into widespread use.

(Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Lisa Lambert) 
2015-01-02
Why I'm Buying Google Inc. Stock in 2015 The second investment I ever made was probably the luckiest. It was March 9, 2009 -- the nadir of the stock market's past decade. Still being a newbie, I stuck to what I knew, and there were few companies I used and loved more than Google (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL). I put $300 ($150 now, adjusted for splits) into Google stock, and have enjoyed a 260% return since.

But there's something I know now that I didn't know then: Google has the perfect trifecta of a huge moat and stable business, multiple opportunities ahead, and visionary leadership. Put these three together and you'll see why I plan on making Google stock one of my top three holdings in 2015 -- even after its great rise of the past five years.

The core: search and ads

I shouldn't have to convince anyone of Google's dominance in the global search market.

According to alexa.com, Google.com is the most visited site not only in the United States, but on Earth. The average user visits the page 18 times per day, spending 17 minutes on it. More important, each search by each user enables the company to collect data that is of immense value to advertisers.

The dollars that come from those ads make up just a shade below 90% of Google's revenue. And while many worried that ads displayed on mobile devices -- which historically fetch less than ads on desktop computers -- would create a drag on ad revenue, that simply hasn't happened.

For those keeping track at home, that's a steady 20% increase every year. With only $0.28 of every advertising dollar being spent on digital ads in 2014, I don't expect that growth trend to slow anytime soon. eMarketer expects digital ads to rake in over $0.37 on the advertising dollar by 2018.

The bonus: innovation and multiple opportunities

Alongside the search and advertising cash cow, the company's innovation could supercharge Google stock returns.

In the past, Google employees were given "20% time." In essence, this was one day every week during which employees were allowed to tinker on any Google-related pet projects they wanted -- with very few restrictions. From this 20% time came Gmail, Google Maps, and a host of other popular products.

There is some debate as to whether 20% time still exists at the company, but even if it doesn't, a new project is taking the lead on innovation. It's called Google[x], and is headed by company co-founder Sergey Brin.

Fast Company described Google[x] as "the search  giant's intensely private innovation lab, which is devoted to finding unusual solutions to huge global problems." What kind of solutions and problems?

According to Fast Company, four have already entered the final stages before commercialization: driverless cars, Google Glass, high-altitude Wi-Fi balloons, and glucose-monitoring contact lenses. One more was added to the list a few months back: a pill with nanoparticles that could detect deadly disease earlier.

Among the ideas that have been tried or discussed, but tabled: hoverboards, space elevators, and even teleportation.

Management knows that if only one or two projects come out of Google[x] every 10 years that have a huge effect, it would still be a big win for both Google, and humanity. As a shareholder, I want to be part of such a creative team, and have no doubt that, eventually, such a big hit will surface.

Management: best in the business

As you can tell, I'm a big believer in everything Google has going. None of that would be possible if its leaders -- co-founders Larry Page (now CEO) and Brin -- weren't at the helm. They have perfected search, and are now embracing a culture open to failure in pursuit of big wins.

Both men are just 41 years young, and I could see them at the helm for two to three decades.

Currently, shares are trading for 21 times non-GAAP earnings, only a shade above the S&P 500's average of 20 times earnings. I consider that a very fair price for such a dominant player that still has a long runway for growth. Whether that means the stock will take off in 2015 specifically, or over a longer time frame, I can't say for sure.

But as a long-term investor, I will rest easy at night knowing that an even larger percentage of my portfolio is entrusted to these two, as well as the thousands working for them on creative solutions for the world. Why Wells Fargo 2015 Semiconductor Outlook Is Optimistic but Cautious To kick off 2015, Wells Fargo released its outlook on the semiconductor industry. The analyst firm is very strong on the fundamentals for this new year, even considering the soft patch that came at the end of 2014. However, Wells Fargo remains cautious on chip stocks overall with a Market Weight sector rating.

Chip growth is expected to accelerate though 2015 and grow within the range of 8% to 12% for the full year. This is potentially two to three times the 2015 3% to 5% growth projections of various market research organizations, such as WSTS and Gartner, comparable to or slightly higher than the 9% to 10% growth of 2014. At the same time, it is better than the flat sales in 2011, a 3% decline in 2012 and 5% growth in 2013.

Despite the cautious Market Weight group rating, some selective investments within the group do get an Outperform rating. Wells Fargo s top large-cap chip picks for 2015 are Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) and Qualcomm Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM).

Intel remains the analyst firm s top pick. Its strong positioning in high-margin server processors is expected to drive earnings per share growth over the next few years. Also the investment community may be underestimating the growth potential of the PC segment. A big factor in 2015 will be Intel s ability to reduce losses in its mobile chip businesses, which will improve its margins and earnings per share in 2015 and 2016.

ALSO READ: The 5 Most Important Nasdaq Companies

Wells Fargo said about Intel:

We think that Intel s leadership position in chip manufacturing technology is an important competitive advantage for the company s processor products, and might also help Intel win key new foundry customers in the future.

Qualcomm is rated as Outperform and is on Wells Fargo s Priority Stock List. The analyst firm believes that Qualcomm is not fully appreciated by investors for its leadership position in 4G communications chip technology. However, there are some legal and regulatory customer disputes at the moment to do carry some risk and uncertainty with the stock. Wells Fargo is optimistic that there will be a positive resolution to Qualcomm s issues in China, and further believes that this could prove to be a positive catalyst to the stock and a source of potential earnings per share upside at various points over the next one to three years.

Altera Corp. (NASDAQ: ALTR), Linear Technology Corp. (NASDAQ: LLTC) and Xilinx Inc. (NASDAQ: XLNX) are broad-based mid-cap stocks that Wells Fargo rates Outperform. All three companies have solid profitability, in Wells Fargo s view, and a broad base of customers and end markets. Linear has best-in-class profitability, with a history of gross margins in the 75% to 80% range and operating margins in the 45% to more than 50% range.

ALSO READ: Merrill Lynch s Top Semiconductor Stock Picks for 2015

Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ: AMD), Micrel Inc. (NASDAQ: MCRL) and SunEdison Inc. (NYSE: SUNE) are the small-cap stocks that are rated as Outperform. According to Wells Fargo, AMD and SunEdison both offer significant valuation upside potential. SunEdison is considered an interesting cyclical play in a recovering chip demand environment, in which Wells Fargo expects there to be the opportunity for pricing increases in blank wafers and high-margin leverage. AMD is in the middle of a turnaround, with a new CEO, which could provide high-margin leverage as well. 
2015-08-05
Why Google, Inc. Stock Soared 22% in July What: Shares of Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) soared in July, according to data from S&P Capital IQ. The GOOGL ticker, denoting Google's Class A shares with voting rights, surged 21.8% higher between the start of the month and the end. The non-voting Class C shares trailed just behind, gaining 21.2%.

The bulk of these gains arrived on July 17, right after Big G reported stellar second-quarter results. Both classes of Google shares closed 16% higher that day, adding $67 billion to Google's already hulking market cap in a single day.

So what: Google's second-quarter sales rose 11% year over year to $17.7 billion, in line with analyst expectations. If not for currency headwinds, revenues would have surged 18% higher. On the bottom line, Wall Street firms were expecting earnings of $6.75 per share. Google stomped that target with EPS of $6.99.

Now what: As fine as the simple earnings numbers were, Google's share price gains actually rested more on recently appointed CFO Ruth Porat's fiscal thrift.

Porat brought her banking experience to the earnings call, leaving investors and analysts feeling as if Google had suddenly grown up. The company has been known for throwing platefuls of pasta at the proverbial wall to see what sticks, but Porat has different ideas:

During that crucial call, she promised to keep Google's experimental projects within 10% of the company's overall resources. Using a 70/20/10 framework, most of the company's cash and human resources go toward supporting core businesses such as search, YouTube, and Android. The next 20% will support related ideas -- ambitious expansions of existing products and services. Only after these bases are covered will Porat greenlight risky or expensive launches.

"The framework keeps us focused on big ambitions across the company, but given the success of the core business, I think it's fair to say the 10% is a stretch goal for now," Porat said.

That's the fuel for last month's fires under Google shares. The iconoclast is starting to behave more like a seasoned business veteran, and Porat's handholding is a major component of that transformation. The second-quarter report simply gave her a big stage from which to show off this new direction. 
2015-09-04
Everything You Need to Know About the Google/Alphabet Move Last month felt a little like April 1 when Google announced it was becoming part of Alphabet, Inc., a new umbrella company that will encompass Google s existing operations as part of a new organizational structure. You've probably already noticed the transition to the new-look Google logo, which aligns more closely with the aesthetic of its new parent company.

Many search industry pundits weren t sure what to make of the official announcement at first, but it soon became apparent that Google wasn t kidding, and that Alphabet was indeed a real company. Underwhelming name notwithstanding, Alphabet will undoubtedly help Google shake things up, but many marketers had   and have   questions about the move.

Here s everything you need to know about Google, Alphabet, and how the new structure will affect you (or not).

What Is Alphabet, Inc.?

Alphabet, Inc. is a proposed holding company that will be the  parent  company to Google and many of Google s subsidiary organizations. Alphabet won t make or sell anything directly, but will instead be home to Google s search business and dozens of subsidiary organizations that are currently under the Google umbrella.

Why Is Google Doing This?

Over the years, Google has acquired dozens of companies and expanded its vast empire far beyond search, the bread and butter of its business. As such, Google s operational structure has become understandably complex. Larry Page, Sergey Brin, and numerous company stakeholders felt it was time to fold all the smaller companies (and Google itself) into a single, larger corporate entity that will allow each individual component of the business to function more efficiently independent of Google s primary search business.

Who s Going to Be In Charge at Alphabet?

Larry Page will assume the role of CEO at Alphabet, while Sergey Brin will become the company s president. Sundar Pichai, current Product Chief of Google s Internet business, will become CEO of Google, Inc., under the new structure. In addition, each individual subsidiary organization will have its own CEO to allow for greater organizational control and oversight, two of the main reasons for the switch. Many existing CEOs of Google-owned companies, such as Nest s Tony Fadell and YouTube s Susan Wojcicki, will remain in their current roles.

When Is This Going to Happen?

At this time, Alphabet is merely a proposed umbrella company   nothing has been finalized or set in stone. To complete the transition, Alphabet must first be created as a subsidiary company of Google. Once this is done, the roles of the two companies will be reversed, with Google becoming a subsidiary of Alphabet. In Google s official filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, Alphabet is expected to report its earnings as a Google subsidiary by the end of this year, so the transition should be finalized by sometime next year.

Is the Google Search Engine Going to Be Rebranded Alphabet?

No. The Google we ve all come to rely upon isn t going anywhere. You won t have to switch to alphabet.com as your primary search engine, nor is  alphabetting  going to become a verb the way  Google  did. Google as it exists today will be preserved under the new structure.

What Will Happen to AdWords?

Nothing. As AdWords is a core part of Google s search business   and represents the vast majority of Google s immense annual earnings   AdWords will also be left intact. You won t have to make any changes to your existing or future campaigns, and you won t be forced to get to grips with any new editors or tools that wouldn t have been introduced by Google anyway. Everything AdWords-related will continue to operate as normal.

What Will Happen to My Google Shares?

If you re fortunate enough to own shares in Google, you don t have anything to worry about. Stock in Google, Inc. (Google s Internet business) will continue to trade under the GOOG and GOOGL ticker symbols on the NASDAQ. Following the completion of the transition outlined above, Google stock will be rebranded as Alphabet stock, retaining the shares  value and price history. In short, nothing much will change aside from some naming conventions (depending on which stock you own). If you re worried, talk to your investment manager.

Is Google Selling Off Parts of Its Business?

No official announcements about potential sales of Google properties have been announced, but it s highly unlikely that Google will be willing to part with any of the companies it has acquired in the past few years. We re unlikely to see a sale of YouTube due to the new organizational structure or anything like that, and if we do, it has probably been in the works for some time anyway.

How Many Subsidiary Companies Will Become Part of Alphabet?

In short, quite a few. Google, Inc.   the Google we all know today   will be the largest of the companies under the Alphabet umbrella. Moving forward, many of Google s individual departments will be spun off into smaller subsidiary organizations that will operate and function as small, self-contained companies rather than departments, including Android and YouTube.

What s All This About Contact Lenses and Internet Balloons?

Google hasn t been a plain old Internet company for a long time. During the past decade, Google has embarked on increasingly ambitious projects that could   literally   change the course of human history. Many of these projects, such as the driverless car initiative, were conceived within Google s secretive ideas laboratory Google X.

As part of the new Alphabet corporate structure, Google X and many other of Google s more esoteric interests will be free to operate outside of the confines of Google, Inc. Calico Labs (Google s research division focused on life expectancy and combatting the ageing process), Google Life Sciences (home of the Google contact lens project), and Google s robotics division will all operate autonomously as part of Alphabet.

Check out this pretty cool video of how Google has changed over the years, from its humble beginnings to its potentially world-altering future: BlackBerry to buy rival Good Technology for $425 million A Blackberry sign is seen in front of their offices on the day of their annual general meeting for shareholders in Waterloo, Canada June 23, 2015. REUTERS/Mark Blinch

TORONTO Canada's BlackBerry Ltd (BB.TO) said on Friday it will buy rival mobile software provider Good Technology Corp GDTC.O for $425 million, to boost its ability to help corporate clients manage smartphones running on different operating systems.

The cash deal may help BlackBerry, a one-time smartphone pioneer, win new customers for its services business, a priority as it shifts focus to device management software for enterprise customers. More than half the devices running on Good's systems are Apple Inc (AAPL.O) products such as the iPhone.

BlackBerry said it expects to realize about $160 million in revenue from the acquisition in the first year after the deal closes, expected by late November. Its Toronto listed shares were up 1.1 percent at C$7.97 in early trading.

On a call with analysts and investors, BlackBerry Chief Executive John Chen was asked about Good's cash burn. He promised that BlackBerry would remain cash flow positive overall.

"There obviously will be hard work involved," he said. "But I do see a lot of opportunity here to drive value for our shareholders."

Chen said BlackBerry will maintain both company's products as it develops a unified platform that customers can upgrade to. He said that a unified product may take a year or two.

Relations between BlackBerry and Silicon Valley-based Good had long been tense. The companies settled a series of patent lawsuits in 2004, but as recently as January 2015, BlackBerry critiqued one of Good's product announcements in a blog post, annotating the rival company's press release in red ink.

"There is a very long history here. We are in an incredibly competitive market and speak to many of the same customers," said Good Chief Executive Christy Wyatt in an interview posted on BlackBerry's news site.

Wyatt said her company's technology would boost BlackBerry's ability to manage "Internet of things" devices, supporting wearable technology such as the Apple Watch and Android-based competitors.

BlackBerry has recently made acquisitions to expand its services business, and in July Chen said the company would likely make more. On Friday, he compared the acquisition of Good with previously announced deals for Secusmart, Movirtu and WatchDox.

J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Bank of America Merrill Lynch advised Good on the deal, BlackBerry said.

(With additional reporting by Anannya Pramanick in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Chizu Nomiyama) 
2015-09-24
Google is worth $781 in sum-of-parts - Citi  4 Things to Know About New Google Inc. Automotive CEO, John Krafcik Auto industry, meet tech. Tech industry, meet autos.

Such is the collision course between the global technology and automotive industries that many, myself included, eagerly hope will lead to meaningful improvements to the way we travel and commute in the decades to come.

Along with hybrids and electric vehicles such as Tesla Motors, a number of technology's most powerful incumbents -- specifically Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Apple -- are both well under way in developing their respective automotive products. And although Apple recently turned heads when word of the accelerated production schedule for its Project Titan made the news, Google also generated plenty of buzz when it hired longtime auto executive John Krafcik as the first CEO of its self-driving car project earlier this month.

So as he tries to take on Apple, Tesla, and Detroit, what should Google investors know about its new automotive chief? Here are four important points on the man currently at the helm of Google's driverless-cars project.

1. He has an auto-industry resume to die for

Krafcik earned his undergraduate degree in engineering with distinction from Stanford and his master's in management, a precursor to its MBA program, from MIT. After completing his graduate research (more on that in a moment), Krafcik took his talents to Ford, where he worked in product management for 14 years. After that, he worked at Hyundai North America for a decade, the latter half of which he served as the CEO of Hyundai North America.

2. He's a budding entrepreneur

Krafcik then opted to transition into a different area of the automotive industry -- the startup space. From April of last year through his departure to head Google's driverless car initiatives this month, Krafcik held the position of president at car-pricing service TrueCar, where he helped lead the company's successful IPO last May. In discussing this time as a member of TrueCar's executive team (he still holds a board seat), Krafcik said:

I was attracted to TrueCar because I love the auto industry. I love the retail side and the dealer network ... But I also love tech, and this is one of those rare companies that operates at the intersection of auto, retail, and technology.

That quote paints Krafcik as the perfect person to help bring Google's automotive efforts to market, and Google investors should take comfort in the fact that such a well-regarded leader chose to shepherd this high profile project.

3. He's a visionary researcher

While completing his studies at MIT's Sloan School of Management, Krafcik pioneered research that would forever change the manufacturing process and production world. If you've ever heard the popular term "lean manufacturing" or any of its numerous derivations -- lean management, lean startup, and so on -- Krafcik wrote the paper that introduced the topic. His paper "Triumph of the Lean Production System" led to this concept's place as a pillar of operations thinking nearly 30 years since Krafcik first published his research. This feat alone would be enough to have provided an illustrious career, which makes his numerous other accomplishments all the more impressive.

4. He's a true executive on Google's driverless-car team

Lastly, a bit of perspective on Krafcik and his place within Google's overall self-driving car efforts. Krafcik should be thought of as an executive in its most literal sense. Although he's a brilliant engineer and production veteran, Google has gone to great lengths to hire some of the brightest minds in driverless-car technology, among them project directors Sebastian Thrun and Chris Urmson. These pure technologists are more likely to create the actual product, while Krakcik's role will more likely involve helping with the production side and leveraging his deep pool of contacts within the automotive industry for advice and talent that the project requires. This approach seems very much in line with the typical CEO and VP-level manager relationship. However, for those new to this storyline, it deserves mentioning.

Foolish bottom line

Since the start of the month, a number of marquee storylines have brought increased attention to this budding intersection of two formerly distant industries. Krafcik's hiring as the first ever CEO of a Google X subsidiary fits this bill. However, the increased competition we're likely to see as competition heats up between these two powerhouse industries will require far more than the kind of pedigree Krafcik brings to the table. Now it's up to Google investors to see if he can execute on perhaps his most ambitious endeavor yet. 
2015-08-23
Answers to the Strategist quiz (#422) Answers to the Strategist quiz (#422)

This person, now a billionaire, was during his working career an intern at the Bank of Nova Scotia in the 1990s

This person, now a billionaire, was during his working career an intern at the Bank of Nova Scotia in the 1990s. While working for the head of strategy of the bank, he was asked to study the bank's third world debt portfolio, which went by the name 'less-developed country debt.' He once made this statement: "Money is low bandwidth, you don't need some sort of big infrastructure improvement to do things with it, it's really just an entry in a database." Name the person.



Elon Musk.

This NASDAQ listed company drew inspiration for its name from a term that was named by a mathematician's 9-year-old nephew way back in the 1920s. This happened while they were on a walk in New Jersey's Palisades Woods. Recently this company has decided to rename itself. The CEO said "We liked the name _____ because it means a collection of letters that represent language, one of humanity's most important innovations". Name the company.



Google. It is creating a new holding company: Alphabet, Inc, which will replace Google as the publicly-traded entity and be the new parent entity to Google-a host of other brands.

Who is in talks with Foxconn to jointly manufacture iphones in India?



The Adani Group.

Name the company, the three German carmakers - Audi, BMW and Daimler, have joined together to buy recently?



Here, from Nokia. It was Nokia's digital mapping and locational intelligence company.

Name the person and the term coined by her to describe the modern day phenomenon of sharing your things with strangers who you have connected with online? It could be allowing someone to stay in the spare room in your house or share clothes or even time.



Rachel Botsman coined the phrase "collaborative consumption," which is also referred to as 'sharing economy.'

This is a new bidding process to help private sector take initiative in core sector projects. It's an offer made by the original proponent to the government ensuring his process to be best, in terms of effectiveness including both the factors cost and time, by his initiative as a result of his own innovative approach or on the demand of the government to perform certain task. What is this public-private partnership model called?



The Swiss Challenge.

Whose slogan is: "Its your space."



Avis the car rental company.

Which company was the first one to introduce recurring deposits? Commercial banks started offering these in 1964 after it was introduced by this company.



The Peerless Finance & Investment Company of India.

This country is a major world supplier of frankincense and myrrh. Its national flag was adopted in the 1950s on the basis of the blue and white flag of the United Nations, which was supervising its territory at that time. Name it.



Somalia.

Identify the logo.

Gucci, Kids. There was no all correct entry for quiz No.422.

Strategist Team 
2015-07-28
With Android Auto, Google Goes After Tesla's Infotainment Advantage  Reed Elsevier plc: LexisNexis announces its agreement to acquire MLex, a ... 28 July 2015LexisNexis Legal & Professional ( www.lexisnexis.com ) a leading provider of content and technology solutions, today announced the acquisition of MLex, a global legal media organization providing exclusive market insight, analysis and commentary on regulatory risk."Access to breaking news and expert analysis of the latest developments in regulatory risk is becoming ever more critical for our customers," said Mike Walsh, CEO of LexisNexis Legal & Professional. "With the addition of MLex, LexisNexis will be able to provide global in-depth coverage of key developments in regulatory risk allowing our clients to keep abreast of the changing regulatory landscape. MLex's regulatory news offerings will be a great complement to our leading portfolio of news assets including Law360, Nexis and Moreover."MLex's investigative reporting, analytical capabilities and track record of uncovering regulatory risk before it breaks will enable customers to have greater access in the area of legal and regulatory insight, commentary and analysis."We are excited to have our exclusive regulatory risk insight and analysis offering join the LexisNexis family. Access to LexisNexis' technological leadership and global reach is a fantastic opportunity to extend and expand our coverage to more regulatory domains to the benefit of our subscribers," said Robert McLeod, CEO and co-founder of MLex. Robert McLeod will continue to run MLex, while leveraging the analytical resources and distribution of LexisNexis to further expand its coverage into new regulatory domains.MLex is an innovative media organization that has a track record of uncovering regulatory risk before it breaks in other news outlets. MLex focuses on providing insight, analysis, and commentary into key developments in regulatory risk. They employ an investigative approach combined with in-depth, forensic coverage of cases via an unrivaled team of experienced and expert reporters, qualified lawyers and industry experts in more than a dozen bureaus around the world, including Brussels, Washington DC, Sao Paolo, Hong Kong and San Francisco.The acquisition of MLex is part of the continuing LexisNexis commitment to provide critical legal and business content to help customers increase productivity and achieve better outcomes for their organizations and clients.About LexisNexis  Legal & Professional LexisNexis Legal & Professional is a leading global provider of content and technology solutions that enable professionals in legal, corporate, tax, government, academic and non-profit organizations to make informed decisions and achieve better business outcomes. As a digital pioneer, the company was the first to bring legal and business information online with its Lexis  and Nexis  services. Today, LexisNexis Legal & Professional harnesses leading-edge technology and world-class content to help professionals work in faster, easier and more effective ways. Through close collaboration with its customers, the company ensures organizations can leverage its solutions to reduce risk, improve productivity, increase profitability and grow their business. LexisNexis Legal & Professional, which serves customers in more than 175 countries with 10,000 employees worldwide, is part of RELX Group plc, a world-leading provider of information solutions for professional customers across industries.In the UK, LexisNexis www.lexisnexis.co.uk online legal solutions include: Lexis PSL, Lexis Draft, Lexis Smart and Lexis Library. Published resources include both Butterworths  and Tolley .About RELX GroupRELX Group is a world-leading provider of information solutions for professional customers across industries. The group employs about 28,500 people of whom half are in North America. RELX PLC, the London Stock Exchange listed shareholding vehicle, holds 52.9% of the shares in RELX Group. RELX NV, the Amsterdam Stock Exchange listed shareholding vehicle, holds 47.1% of the shares in RELX Group. The shares are traded on the London, Amsterdam and New York Stock Exchanges using the following ticker symbols: London: REL; Amsterdam: REN; New York: RELX and RENX. The total market capitalisation is approximately  22bn /  31bn.About MLexMLex is an independent media organization providing exclusive market insight, analysis and commentary on regulatory risk. Our customers, the world's leading law firms, corporations, advisory firms and regulators, rely on our reporting to ensure they are well positioned to take advantage of the opportunities posed by regulatory change as well as to mitigate the risks. We have a track record of uncovering regulatory risk before it breaks in other news outlets. Offering up-to-the-minute coverage of regulatory threats and opportunities from the perspectives of M&A, antitrust and trade defense, as well as data privacy and security, we also specialize in sector-specific regulation across TMT, energy and financial services.MLex's coverage spans the world's foremost regulators in the US, Europe, Asia and Latin America.LexisNexis UK Media ContactsMelissa Higgsmith, Communications ManagerLexisNexis+44 (0) 207 400 2977LexisNexis US Media ContactsChristine Alberti, Director Communication, PR & CommunicationsLexisNexis+1 (212) 448-2118RELX Investor RelationsColin Tennant, RELX Group+44 (0) 207 166 5751MLex Media ContactsRobert McLeod, MLex Ltd+44 (0) 788 191 0463 German regulator orders Facebook to allow pseudonyms An illustration picture shows the log-on screen for the website Facebook, in Munich February 2, 2012. REUTERS/Michael Dalder

BRUSSELS Facebook may not prevent its users from using fake names, a German privacy watchdog said on Tuesday, in the latest privacy setback for the U.S. company in Europe.

The Hamburg data protection authority, which is responsible for policing Facebook in Germany, said the social network firm could not unilaterally change users' chosen usernames to their real names, nor could it ask them for official ID.

The German order comes after the Belgian privacy watchdog took Facebook to court in June over the way it tracks the activities of its users. The two authorities are working with their Spanish, Dutch and French counterparts to investigate Facebook's new privacy policy.

A woman had complained to the Hamburg watchdog after Facebook blocked her account for using a pseudonym, requested a copy of her ID and unilaterally changed her username into her real name.

The Hamburg Data Protection Authority said the woman did not want to use her real name to avoid being contacted through it for business matters.

Forcing users to stick to their real names violated their privacy rights, it said.

Facebook said it was disappointed with the order and that German courts had reviewed it on many occasions and deemed it compliant with EU law.

"The use of authentic names on Facebook protects people s privacy and safety by ensuring people know who they re sharing and connecting with," said a spokesperson for the company.

Facebook has maintained that as its European headquarters are in Ireland it should only abide by Irish law in Europe and consequently has rejected the jurisdiction of other national authorities.

In an audit in December 2011 the Irish privacy watchdog concluded that Facebook's authentic name policy did not contravene Irish law and its reasons for the policy, such as child safety and the prevention of online harassment, were justified.

However Johannes Caspar, the Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection, rejected the argument that Facebook should only be subject to Irish data protection laws.

"For that matter Facebook cannot again argue that only Irish Data Protection law would be applicable ... anyone who stands on our pitch also has to play our game," he said.

(Editing by Greg Mahlich) Candle power to charge smartphones A power outage - it's an experience all are familiar with and everyone dreads. The lights go out, the TV goes black, the computers shut down as their batteries drain. And worst of all - your smartphone dies.

This scenario was one of the inspirations for Andrew Burns of California startup Stower to develop the candle charger. Its simplistic design is based on the principles of therm-oelectrics, which have been around since the early 1800's.

Light a candle, fill the device with water, and you have a charger.

"So the way thermo-electric generators work is you have a hot plate and a cold plate and you smash these generators together and it's that temperature difference, it creates a diffusion of energy from the hot side to the cold side," said Burns, co-founder of the company.

That diffusion outputs between 2-3 watts, about the same amount of power derived from a USB port - perfect for charging smartphones and tablets. In an emergency situation a small amount of energy can go a long way, says Burns.

"Part the power of a mobile handset or a smartphone is infinitely greater than a vacuum cleaner and they only need tiny little bits of energy," he added.

The company has also developed a similar device designed to charge phones over a campfire. Burns advises to keep devices off and enjoy Nature when outdoors, but says that's not always an option.

"I'd rather send a text from the top of a mountain than from a desk in my office," he said.

The company is currently working on developing a charger for stove tops in Guatemala as part of a push to expand their business and provide sustainable micro-energy solutions in emerging markets.

Stower has raised nearly $27,000 on Kickstarter for the candle charger with 30 days left in the campaign. Facebook Inc.'s Problem Attracting Top YouTube Talent The biggest advantage Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) has over YouTube is the ability to drive exposure to videos. The social network grew video from 1 billion views per day to 4 billion views per day in the span of about six months from September to the end of March. The passive News Feed lets Facebook serve up just about anything it chooses to its users -- and it wants them to see videos.

But if Facebook wants to attract top content makers from Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube, it needs to overcome one huge obstacle: YouTube stars have spent years developing a following on YouTube, not Facebook. As a result, posting videos on Facebook is almost always less effective in reaching as many viewers as YouTube.

The network effect

Facebook knows firsthand just how valuable a network can be. It's the thing that keeps competitors from simply copying all of its features and succeeding. If there aren't a lot of users, the social network gets boring pretty fast.

And while Facebook's network is substantial, YouTube stars naturally build their networks on YouTube through subscriptions. PewDiePie, which has the description "businessy stuff," for example, has more than 38 million subscribers on YouTube. For him to build up a similar number of followers on Facebook would take a lot of time, and a lot of work.

When a YouTube star posts videos to Facebook, it reaches far fewer people, on average. In fact, a recent survey from Tubular Labs found that, of the 68% of top YouTube content producers who posted a video on Facebook in May, exactly 0% of them generated more views on the social network compared to the video site.

Top YouTubers aren't like most publishers

Facebook recently rolled out Instant Articles, which has some publishers posting as many as 20 articles to its platform on a daily basis. The offer for Instant Articles is basically the same for print publishers as Facebook video is for YouTube video makers. Let us host your content -- it will load faster, and more people will see it.

Of course, there are some key differences that make Instant Articles a much easier sell for Facebook. First, publishers receive tons of traffic from Facebook already. Simply changing the format for Instant Articles won't affect the publishers' reach. As the survey from Tubular Labs shows, that's not the case for top YouTube creators.

Second, reading articles on a mobile browser is a major pain. Facebook solves that by integrating Instant Articles into its app, ensuring the user experience is excellent. YouTube's mobile app, however, is excellent, and makes finding videos to watch extremely easy and efficient.

What Facebook needs to do

There are several major obstacles in the way of Facebook attracting top YouTube talent. Facebook needs to help the talent it wants to attract establish an audience on its network. That could come via free advertising, or some other form of free promotion.

More importantly, Facebook needs to provide YouTube creators some incentive to publish videos on its platform. The idea that Facebook offers extended reach doesn't hold water when zero videos there receive more views than the same videos on YouTube. For many, it's all about the money, and Facebook is just starting to test the waters of revenue sharing with specific content partners.

Finally, Facebook needs to offer a Content ID system for publishers. Freebooting -- taking online media and rehosting it on your website -- has become a major problem on the social network. If Facebook can enable creators to capitalize on the popularity of other Pages on Facebook through some sort of revenue-sharing agreement, it could find a lot more success attracting top content creators to its platform. But getting them to leave YouTube may be nearly impossible, considering the established audiences for many top creators on the site. 
2015-04-11
Will YouTube Become Profitable? The situation YouTube (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is in is unconventional, because just as it is facing its toughest competition from services such as Vessel and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), it is coming out with a paid service. YouTube needs to have its content creators make more money or else they may jump ship to Vessel. That is why coming up with a paid product is so critical for its ability to thrive in the future. If it can gain a significant chunk of paid subscribers, it can make the profits investors clamor for.



In this article, I detail the changes YouTube is making and forecast what the future of online video might look like in the next three years. I think it is clear if you've read my past articles that I believe a paid service will be successful. I reexamine that point now that YouTube has announced a paid service.

Vessel is still in its early stages, but it is putting significant pressure on YouTube as it recently snagged Ellen to be on its service. Ellen is one of the most popular channels on YouTube as it has 11.5 million subscribers and 4 billion total views. In her announcement that she would be putting her favorite clips on Vessel, there was an offer to get a free one-year subscription. This free subscription was offered to the original subscribers back when Vessel was launched a few weeks ago. In Ellen's announcement video, she also stated that Kiesza is premiering her new music video on Vessel. This directly competes with YouTube's Music Key. It is a better offer for consumers because it offers the content before other sources such as iTunes and YouTube. YouTube Music Key's introductory price is $7.99 per month before being raised to $9.99 per month; right now Vessel costs $2.99.

I think two things are clear with Vessel. The first is that it must have cost the firm a boat load of money to get Internet stars like Caspar Lee and traditional stars like Jimmy Fallon onto its platform. It truly is amazing that this was executed properly. The second point is that this service's price will have to go up significantly to cover costs. As I will discuss in the next paragraph, YouTube's ad-free service is expected to cost about $10 per month. Considering the fact that the paid version is virtually ad-free and has content ahead of time, it would seem like its service may end up costing more than $10 per month. This final pricing is important for YouTube. YouTube wants Vessel to have as high a price as possible because it would make it a less viable competitor and it would let YouTube charge higher prices. A $15 price point on a per-month basis would seem like something that most consumers wouldn't pay for, but YouTube has the luxury of being a second mover and seeing what price point works and what price is too high.

The first major change is what I stated earlier. YouTube will begin to charge about $10 per month to watch videos without ads. All of the channels will be forced into this program. Looking at this business, I have to wonder whether if there will be some content that gets put behind the paywall as well. I am clearly bullish on YouTube content, but even I wonder if additional services will be offered for $10. It seems questionable why anyone would pay $10 per month to get the same content without ads. Additional content will probably be added with the subscription such as Music Key or additional videos. If this is not the case, YouTube may ramp up the amount of ads that it shows before videos to make the non-ad subscription service seem like a better value.

Most videos have the five-second skipable, pre-roll TrueView ads in front of them with some having standard 15- or 30-second pre-roll ads in front of the videos. It is possible that YouTube puts additional ads in front of the videos to make the non-ad version seem more appealing. More ads can be shown because currently on mobile devices only one ad is shown before a video no matter how long it is. On desktop videos there can be multiple ads on a long video, meaning ads in the middle of the video. This function may be added for mobile devices. Even with increased ads, I think additional content may be offered if the price actually ends up being $10 per month.

Besides subscription additions, YouTube is also adding a new type of pre-roll ad. The indication that a change was about to occur with ads happened when YouTube banned third-party sponsor logo ads from being shown in February. Some channels have worked directly with advertisers to put ads in their videos. Since YouTube wasn't getting a cut of this transaction, it banned it. YouTube stated that it was just clarifying its rules, but in reality, it started actually enforcing rules that were already written, which was, in fact, a big change for content creators. To get an idea of how much money these ads were costing, you can watch this YouTube video which discusses the matter. The YouTuber in the video has about 500,000 subscribers and was making $500 per ad per month. It ended up making him $60,000 per year. If you add up all of the YouTubers that were doing this, the amount of money surely would rise into the millions.

The reason why this ban occurred is because YouTube had created a new technology that would work better and allow it to get a piece of that third-party ad buying. This new ad technology is called TrueView interactive cards. These new ads overlaid on videos will start working on mobile devices. The great thing for YouTube is that it is going to charge if these cards are clicked on because it shows interest in the product. This will be more successful than the regular TrueView skipable ads that require viewers to watch the full ad before YouTube gets paid by the marketing firm. YouTube doesn't provide the data for the number of viewers that watch the full ad without skipping it, but it has been estimated that 80% to 85% of skipable ads get skipped.





Google isn't reinventing the wheel with these ads. It is simply improving upon what already is proven to work. If you read my last article on Facebook, I mentioned how much better interactive ads were than standard ads. As you can see in the chart, the completion rates and percentage of the video viewed are higher on the interactive ads. I am willing to guess that the engagement rates for these ads will be better than the 2.8% shown in the graph based on how good these cards look visually compared to a typical ad. As I stated in the last article, the click through rate on the standard ads is better than on interactive ads because the interactive ads are trying to keep you on the ad unit, not bring you to another website.

As you can imagine, these new cards will add a significant amount of revenue, because when they are paired with skipable ads, YouTube will get paid if the card is clicked or if the video is watched in full. It is an additional stream of ad revenue.

YouTube still isn't profitable even though it is the most popular video service on the Internet. With these new ads and a possible subscription service, the segment of Google should be profitable soon. The fact that YouTube still isn't profitable even with its massive scale makes me question how it will be possible for Vessel to pay its contributors 10 times more with only a $2.99 per month subscription fee and a small amount of ads to fund the firm. There is no question Vessel will have a significant number of views because of all the talent on its site, but it remains to be seen if it has actually cracked the code and will be able to be profitable with its new business model.

Facebook likely looks at video differently than YouTube and Vessel. Facebook's main goal is to keep users on its site for as long as possible. This is why it is happy taking share from YouTube without even having pre-roll ads. Surely, they will be implemented in the future, but my point is that profits don't have to necessarily flow from video the way they do for YouTube and Vessel. In my opinion, Google has a goldmine on its hands with YouTube. Advertising dollars will continue to chase Internet video, as it is where the growth in eyeballs is coming from as they flee traditional media products. TrueView cards and a paid subscription product are avenues YouTube will be traveling down to become profitable.

Disclosure: The author is long FB.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-03-25
Opinion: 7 reasons to buy Google stock Google Inc. GOOG, -0.09% got a bit of a bump in recent days on news of a big-time hire, snapping up Morgan Stanley MS, -0.93% exec Ruth Porat to make her the tech firm s new chief financial officer.

While musical chairs in the C suite is interesting to Wall Street insiders, particularly given the number of bankers defecting to technology firms these days, investors in Google stock need to keep perspective; one hire does not make or break a stock of this scale.

Still, since Google is in the news, it s worth exploring the company s balance sheet and outlook to get a sense of what s going on with this Internet giant.

PlayStation Vue: An Answer to Cable TV Woes? (2:06) Sony s breakthrough Internet TV service streams a channel lineup that isn t full of holes. WSJ Personal Tech columnist Geoffrey A. Fowler gives the latest cable-cutting option a try.

Considering the recent underperformance of Google stock, with shares slightly in the red over the last 12 months versus a 13% gain for the S&P 500 SPX, -0.68% , you d think that things are pretty rough in Mountain View. But a closer look at Google seems to indicate that the stock is ready to bounce back after taking a breather, and that Google is fairly valued while many tech stocks are in bubble territory.

Here are seven reasons why I like Google right now:

Attractive Valuation: As I wrote recently, there is a very real risk of a tech bubble right now amid nosebleed startup valuations and a market that on the whole is trading for a big premium. But consider that while the Nasdaq 100 NDX, -0.44% is valued at 19 times forward earnings, Google has a forward P/E of 17 based on fiscal year 2016 estimates.

Cash King: As of Dec. 31, Google was sitting on $64.4 billion in cash and equivalents and boasted more than $2.8 billion in free cash flow in the fourth quarter.

Reliable Growth: While revenue growth has slowed lately   which is to be expected for a business with $66 billion in sales annually and a market cap of about $380 billion   Google is still projected to see 15% revenue growth this year and another 16% in FY2016. According to S&P estimates, earnings are also growing briskly with earnings per share projected to jump an impressive 40% in FY2015, and another 20% or so in FY2016.

Core Still Strong: Sure, fourth-quarter earnings may give some investors pause as both sales and profits missed expectations. But remember that after its January report, shares actually rallied despite negative headlines. That s because, as one analyst said, it was a  high-quality miss  with details showing a strong core advertising business on its own network of sites and continued acceleration in search performance.

Sure, it would have been nice not to see currency headwinds or weakness on third-party partner sites, but a strong core advertising business is reason for optimism   and reason to expect strong numbers in April when Google reports again. Remember, Google Network ad revenue accounts for more than two-thirds of total revenues for the entire company ($45 billion of $66 billion in total revenue last year)   so strength here is by far the most important thing for investors to watch.

Wall Street Is Bullish: These strong details are why Wall Street analysts were quick to affirm bullish ratings after its January report. Briefing.com reports four top firms (Barclays, UBS, RBC and FBR Capital) all issuing  buy  ratings on the stock after earnings, with price targets between $620 and $650.

Even factoring in Google s 10% gains following its quarterly report in late January, that s 8% to 14% upside from here. And more recently, at the beginning of March, UBS actually boosted its target to $670 per share   17% upside from here.

Innovation and New Products: The new Apple watch was unveiled with much fanfare a few weeks back, but did you know Google is collaborating with TAG Heuer on a high-tech timepiece of its own? Or that Google Fiber provides high-speed Internet access in 18 cities in an effort to build out a reliable telecom arm that could, by some estimates, generate  tens of billions a year in revenue ? Or that downloads from the Google Play app store outpaced Apple App Store downloads by roughly 60% last year thanks to the dominant Android OS?

These are just a few of the irons Google has in the fire right now as it looks to continue its expansion beyond core search and advertising revenue in the years ahead.

Buyback Hopes: Google has thus far resisted the large-cap tech trend of sating shareholders with juicy dividends. But I have to believe that, within the next 24 months, Google will initiate a multibillion-dollar stock buyback program. It s not simply the ever-growing cash stockpile that prompts me to say this, but also other strong metrics including sales growth and return on equity that would support such a move even in the absence of a giant bank account.

Furthermore, Google has a tailor-made excuse for a buyback plan from its old pal Apple   the notion of buybacks to prevent dilution through employee stock options or stock-based acquisitions. Remember, Google s 2014 stock split was prompted in large part by erosion in insiders  voting power thanks to stock-based acquisitions. That hints that this trend will only continue   and a buyback to offset these awards makes a lot of sense. Windfall in options trade in Kraft-Heinz deal NEW YORK, March 25 One trader's bullish bet in Kraft Foods Group Inc's options is set to turn a $700,000 bet into a possible paper profit of as much as $19 million.

The company's proposed merger with ketchup maker H.J. Heinz Co sent shares of the maker of Velveeta cheese up by more than 40 percent - but the gains pale in comparison to the jump in the value of its options.

Kraft Foods' shares jumped as much as 43 percent to an all-time high of $87.88 on news that the company would merge with the ketchup maker, owned by 3G Capital and Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc, to form North America's third-largest food and beverage company.

Notable bullish trading in Kraft options prior to the deal was limited. But on March 10, someone bought a 10,000 lot of Kraft call options, usually used for placing bullish bets on the stock, for 70 cents. The calls were set to expire on June 19 and were betting on the shares rising above $67.50 by that date. The shares were $61.65 at that time.

Since each options contract represents a 100 shares of the underlying stock, the trader would have paid about $700,000. On Wednesday, the options traded as high as $20.10, according to Thomson Reuters data.

"It might be nothing more than lucky timing. On the other hand, news of the deal might have been leaked and motivated the call buying in Kraft," said Fred Ruffy, options strategist at WhatsTrading.com.

With the exception of that March 10 trade, activity in Kraft's options in recent months does not appear to be out of line from where it was in previous months, said David Hait, president of OptionMetrics in New York.

Kraft is not the only company to attract bullish activity over the last few weeks. Options on food and beverage companies such as Campbell Soup Co, PepsiCo Inc and Coca-Cola Co have also seen a surge in bullish options bets. (Reporting by Saqib Iqbal Ahmed; Editing by Bernard Orr) PayPal to pay $7.7 million in US Treasury sanctions case A PayPal sign is seen at an office building in San Jose, California May 28, 2014. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach

WASHINGTON PayPal, the electronic payments firm, agreed to pay $7.7 million to settle charges by the U.S. Treasury Department that it violated numerous sanctions programs against countries that include Iran, Cuba and Sudan, Treasury said on Wednesday.

PayPal, owned by EBay Inc (EBAY.O), did not adequately screen its transactions for U.S. sanctions targets for several years through 2013, resulting in 486 apparent violations of U.S. law, Treasury said in a statement. (1.usa.gov/19lyHIK)

PayPal also dismissed alerts and processed about $7,000 worth of payments for Kursud Zafer Cire, a Turkish national on the sanctions blacklist tied to proliferators of weapons of mass destruction, according to the statement.

U.S. companies are not allowed to do business with people on the list, who are considered enemies of the United States. But PayPal agents dismissed six alerts that flagged Cire as a potential match to the blacklist.

Treasury said the apparent violations of the sanctions related to weapons of mass destruction "constitute an egregious case."

Treasury said PayPal implemented better screening procedures in April 2013, hired new management in its compliance division, and cooperated with the investigation.

EBay is planning to split off PayPal from its marketplace division later this year.

(Reporting by Anna Yukhananov; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Leslie Adler) Google Inc. Glass Is Here to Stay, But Why? Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) board Chairman Eric Schmidt has never been shy about pushing the envelope in the company's penchant for innovation. Its ongoing experiments with a self-driving car and those odd-shaped balloons in Project Loon (Google's effort to beam Internet connectivity to remote regions of the world) are just a couple examples.

However, Google didn't stop with the cars and balloons. Word has it Google is also working on nanotechnology that would seek out and diagnose cancer and heart disease, among other ailments. That's heady stuff, and supports the notion that Google is one of the most innovative companies on the planet.

Then there's Glass. Google's wearable initiative might have topped the innovation list; instead, after lackluster sales and consumer angst, Google shut down its "Explorer" program, which seemingly put an end to an unsuccessful bid to bring Jetsons-like devices to the world. But according to a recent interview, Schmidt simply won't let Glass die. And that's a mistake.

Knowing when to say when

Conceptualizing, let alone developing, the aforementioned innovative technologies speaks volumes about Google. But as with any company willing to take calculated risks that result in fundamental changes in the way consumers live, there are misses along the way.

Longtime Google nemesis Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) didn't become the largest company in the world thanks to its digital assistant Newton or the wildly unpopular Pippin gaming console. And those are not even in the same innovation ballpark as nanotechnology pills, let alone Google Glass. But from a business perspective there sometimes comes a time to cut the cord -- when did you last see a Newton? -- and for Google Glass, that time has come and gone.

What's the problem?

A big concern, certainly from an investor's perspective, is there's no mass market for Glass. While the notion of a fully connected, powerful computer wearable device -- which Glass was intended to be -- has potential, continuing to pour resources into something consumers aren't interested in isn't warranted.

Although Google hasn't revealed the cost of developing Glass, let alone its ongoing overhead to build a new version with longer battery life, better sound, and improved display, it certainly hasn't been cheap. For shareholders to get a return on that investment, Glass will need to become a mainstream success, and that's not going to happen.

It could be argued there is a niche business case for Glass. It could make sense for engineers who want to view detailed 3D specs of a building while it's being built, or for doctors and other professionals needing to access reference data and communicate on the fly. But Google has put too much money and time into Glass for it to simply meet a few, specific needs. And Schmidt has made it clear: Google intends to bring Glass to the masses.

But according to IDC, by 2018 the entire wearable device market will total a (relatively) paltry 112 million units. To put that in perspective, that same year 1.9 billion smartphones are expected to be shipped globally.

The insurmountable problem

Why is there no market for Glass? After all, Glass is actually a stand-alone, Internet-connected device, unlike the new Apple Watch that has garnered so much press. Apple Watch is like virtually every other device of its ilk: It requires a smartphone to utilize most features, which include what amount to a pager and health monitor. Meanwhile, Glass has actual computing functions, including pictures, audio, and surfing the Internet.

The problems began with poor aesthetics. The first versions of Glass were simply not something most consumers would wear. Google is rumored to be working with designers to remedy the appearance problem, but the poor looks pale in comparison to the biggest concern: privacy. Nearly two years ago, even as Glass was in its earliest stages, a laundry list of industries, including banks, sports arenas, and hospitals, banned Glass.

In some instances the concerns were safety-related, but many restaurants and other public businesses banned Glass because of how uncomfortable it makes their patrons. The notion of Glass owners surreptitiously taking pictures of complete strangers and recording their conversations leaves a lot of people -- understandably -- uncomfortable.

With privacy becoming more of a concern with each passing day, overcoming that challenge could prove impossible for Glass, rendering it unmarketable. Speaking of Glass, Schmidt said, "These things take time." True, cutting-edge innovations do take time to develop, and sometimes even to catch on. But all the time in the world won't help Glass. Sometimes, Google, you have to know when to say when. 
2015-11-19
YouTube Red WIll Drive Google Revenue, But Not The Bottom Line Google has launched YouTube Music App to help YouTube users access its vast music video library.

People who sign up for Music App will get a 14-day free trial for YouTube's ad-free access.

YouTube Red has good revenue potential but not-so-good profit potential for Google.

Google, however, might finally be able to make money from YouTube after it improves its ad-targeting methods on the platform, something the company plans to do soon.

Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) anticipated YouTube Music App has gone live in the U.S. on both Android and iOS devices. The app provides a tailored experience for users to access content within YouTube s vast music video library. The app will let users not only access standard music videos but also embedded lyrics, karaoke tracks, and concert footages. People who sign up for the Music App will get a 14-day free trial with Google s recently-launched YouTube Red which allows them to view YouTube free of ads.

YouTube Music app is, therefore, geared towards helping more people sign up for YouTube Red. YouTube Red is Google s response to Apple giving a leeway for ad-blockers to be incorporated into its popular Safari browser. Ad-blockers cannot block YouTube videos, so users who need ad-free access to their favorite music on YouTube have little choice than to sign up. Google charges $10/month for the new service, which also offers users the ability to listen to music offline.

YouTube Red appears to be packaged better than Spotify, the most popular subscription music service on the planet with 60 million users and 15 million paying subscribers, many more than Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Music s 15 million users. Just like YouTube Red, Spotify charges users $9.99 per month for the service.

Good revenue potential

YouTube Red has good revenue potential, if Spotify s experience is anything to go by. Spotify finished 2014 with 45 million people who use its free ad-supported service, and another 15 million paying subscribers. Spotify realized revenue of $1.22 billion in 2014, or 45% Y/Y growth, which translates to $81.33/year per subscriber.

YouTube is a much bigger video platform than Spotify, with an estimated 1 billion monthly users. A recent survey by Adobe and PageFair found that 144 million people used ad-blockers in 2014, or roughly 5% of all Internet users. Assuming 5% of YouTube users sign up for YouTube Red, and Google monetizes the service at roughly Spotify s rate, then YouTube Red could add $4 billion per year to Google revenue, which is equal to the amount of revenue that YouTube brought in for Google in 2014.

The number of people using ad-blockers grew 70% Y/Y in 2014. Assuming YouTube Red s subscribers grow at roughly the same rate, or even at Spotify s 45% top line growth rate, then the service could turn out to be pretty lucrative for Google.

The revenue potential for YouTube Red is certainly great. What about the profits? Well, While YouTube Red undoubtedly has great revenue potential, the same cannot be said for its profit potential. Spotify reported a net loss of $197 million, up from $68 million the previous year, which implies that its losses are growing even faster than its top line. Spotify attributed those mounting losses to its expanding workforce, and the fat royalties the company has to pay to music labels. Spotify says that it has paid a total of $2 billion in music royalties since 2008.

Google has already signed a large licensing deal with Merlin which carries thousands of Indie labels. Although Google does not pay royalties directly to songwriters, it does give a 55% revenue cut to YouTube content creators. Google will give a similar cut to its content partners on YouTube Red, which will severely limit the amount of money it can actually make from the platform.

Improved targeting

Despite bringing in revenue of $4 billion in 2014, YouTube only managed to break even after deducting content costs. The biggest reason why Google is unable to make decent money from YouTube ads is due to low CPM rates on the platform, which in turn is as a result of poor ad targeting. Google only uses data from DoubleClick channel for ad-targeting purposes on YouTube. The big problem here is that DoubleClick represents just 30% of Google s revenue, which leaves the company in the dark regarding the user preferences of most of its YouTube users.

But all that could change when Google changes its YouTube ad targeting methods. Google plans to use data from its core website for ad-targeting on YouTube soon. Better ad-targeting will allow YouTube to command better CPM rates which might in turn allow the platform to become profitable.

Takeaway

Whereas YouTube Red has decent revenue potential, its profit potential might not be as great. But with better ad-targeting, Google might finally be able to make a profit from YouTube. 
2015-07-18
China central bank issues guidelines on internet finance development BEIJING China's central bank on Saturday issued guidelines promoting the development of internet finance, saying it would support "qualified" financial institutions to set up platforms for online banking, insurance and securities businesses.

It added it would encourage high-performing and qualified internet finance firms to list.

A senior central bank researcher said last month that regulators should set up clear rules allowing banks to set up online finance subsidiaries to fend off rising competition from technology giants that have expanded into their territory.

"In recent years, China has seen rapid development in internet finance, but some problems and hidden risks have also cropped up," an official with the People's Bank of China, the central bank, said in a statement.

Fund security, operating risks, an imperfect credit system and consumer protections were among the issues, said the official.

The central bank called on the government to support internet firms in setting up platforms for expenditures and loans, crowdfunding, the sale of financial products and other financing platforms.

It called for broadening channels of financing and supporting private investment funds to back the internet finance industry.

The bank also recommended tax breaks for qualifying small enterprises including start-ups, saying that provincial level governments should increase their support for those companies.

Alibaba Group Holding Ltd said in April its finance affiliate sped up a drive to be a fully-fledged online financing network by launching an e-commerce tracking stock index. It launched an internet bank targeting small and medium enterprises last month.

(Reporting By Xiaoyi Shao and Megha Rajagopalan; Editing by Michael Perry) 
2015-03-24
FCC sued by broadband companies over net neutrality rules The Federal Communications Commission (FCC) logo is seen before the FCC Net Neutrality hearing in Washington February 26, 2015. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas

WASHINGTON U.S. broadband providers on Monday filed lawsuits against the Federal Communications Commission's recently approved net neutrality rules, launching what is a expected to be a series of legal challenges.

Broadband industry trade group USTelecom filed a lawsuit against the FCC in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia, which has in the past twice rejected the FCC's net neutrality regulations.

The group argues the new rules are "arbitrary, capricious, and an abuse of discretion" and violate various laws, regulations and rulemaking procedures.

Texas-based Internet provider Alamo Broadband Inc challenged the FCC's new rules in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit in New Orleans, making a similar argument.

The rules, approved in February and posted online on March 12, treat both wireless and wireline Internet service providers as more heavily regulated "telecommunications services," more like traditional telephone companies.

Broadband providers are banned under the rules from blocking or slowing any traffic and from striking deals with content companies for smoother delivery of traffic to consumers.

USTelecom President Walter McCormick said in a statement that the group's members supported enactment of "open Internet" principles into law but not using the new regulatory regime that the FCC chose.

"We do not believe the Federal Communications Commission's move to utility-style regulation ... is legally sustainable," he said.

Industry sources have previously told Reuters that USTelecom and two other trade groups, CTIA-The Wireless Association and the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, were expected to lead the expected legal challenges.

Verizon Communications Inc, which won the 2010 lawsuit against the FCC, is likely to hold back from filing an individual lawsuit this time around, an industry source familiar with Verizon's plan has told Reuters.

FCC officials have said they were prepared for lawsuits and the new rules were on much firmer legal ground than previous iterations. The FCC said Monday's petitions were "premature and subject to dismissal."

The FCC's rules have yet to be published in the Federal Register and formally go into effect, though USTelecom in its lawsuit says it filed the challenge on Monday in case the rules are construed to be final on the date of issue.

The case is U.S. Telecom Association v. FCC and United States of America, U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, No. 15-1063.

(Reporting by Alina Selyukh; Editing by Peter Cooney, Sandra Maler and Cynthia Osterman) 
2015-12-14
Google employees liable to pay capital gains tax post Alphabet re-branding While the Indian unit of Google Inc, now rebranded as Alphabet may be posting 35% increase in yearly revenue, the transition could mean bad news for it's employees holding vested Employee Stock Options (ESOPs). For employees who are resident in India, this exchange of Google's shares and employee stock options for Alphabet's shares and stock options and attract capital gains. "As per Indian Tax laws this transaction involves capital gain which is taxable in India," says Archit Gupta , founder and CEO, Cleartax.in The tax will be payable even though the ESOPs haven't been sold. Alphabet is holding shares of Google and now that company has been restructured, the shares held by employees will deemed to have been transferred, resulting capital gains tax. " It is a buy and sell in the company books and therefore there is a tax incidence," says Gupta.When held for a long-term, that is, more than three years, such gains are taxed at 20% with indexation. "If you were holding these stocks for less than a year, the capital gains will be taxed at the slab rate," says Gupta. In case of stocks too the tax implications will be same, only the calculations shall be slightly different."The restructuring and the tax impact was unplanned and has led to an additional Rs 15,000 tax outgo for the year," said Google India employee. "Several Google employees have reached out to us seeking information about tax implications of restructuring of Google entities and how it impacts them," says Gupta.On this additional income of capital gains advance tax is applicable and the third quarter installment is due on 15th December. All assessees including salaried employees and self-employed professionals are required to pay advance tax if their tax liability in a financial year is Rs 10,000 or more.A penalty is charged if you pay less than 90% of your assessed quarterly advance tax liability. By 15th December non-corporate individuals should pay up to 60% of advance tax liability. 100% has to be paid by 15th March every year. "Under section 234B and 234C, non-payment of advance tax results in levy of 1% simple interest as penalty on number of months of delay," says Gupta.Additionally,employees who are resident in India during the year of transfer of shares, have to report their global income, in this case the capital gains, and foreign assets, that is, their share holdings in Alphabet in their tax returns for financial year 2015-16. Junk Rated Stocks Flashing Same Signal as High-Yield Bond Market Think equity investors have been blind to warning signs coming from junk bonds? Not quite.

For most of the year pessimists have warned that equity markets were missing signals in high-yield credit, where losses snowballed even as gauges like the Standard & Poor s 500 Index remained relatively stable. While true, most of that is an illusion of index composition -- not evidence of complacency.

As one of the broadest share gauges, the S&P 500 has companies that span the credit spectrum from junk to investment grade -- or have no debt at all. From that perspective, it s less surprising that the full index wouldn t mimic the plunge in junk bonds themselves, where annual losses for related exchange-traded funds exceed 10 percent. And that s what happened: until Friday, the equity gauge was virtually flat for the year.

What if you look at stocks that are representative of the high-yield universe? A basket compiled by Bloomberg of below investment-grade companies, including Chesapeake Energy Corp. and Cliffs Natural Resources Inc., has dropped a lot more -- 51 percent in 2015.

The slump in stocks with the lowest credit quality reflects the same concern gripping the debt market, that the commodity selloff and the Federal Reserve s plan to start raising interest rates will jeopardize solvency. While near record cash and the resilience in large technology firms have sheltered the S&P 500 from deeper losses, junk-rated stocks are vulnerable to a credit contagion with a smaller size and a tilt toward commodities.

Quality Matters

 It s really the same kind of signal,  Curtis Holden, a senior investment officer in Houston at Tanglewood Wealth Management, which oversees about $840 million, said by phone.  The market is saying through how well the S&P 500 is holding up on a relative basis,  Look for quality. Don t look for junk companies.  

Investors fled the riskiest part of the credit market on Friday after Third Avenue Management LLC took the rare step of freezing withdrawals from a $788 million credit mutual fund. The risk premium on the Markit CDX North American High Yield Index, a credit-default swaps benchmark tied to the debt of 100 speculative-grade companies, rose to a three-year high. In the equity market, the S&P 500 fell 1.9 percent, while the Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index surged 26 percent to the highest since September.

Tech Boost

Even with that spasm, the S&P 500 is little changed this year, including reinvested dividends, as tech giants such as Facebook Inc. and Google s parent Alphabet Inc. surged more than 30 percent, countering declines from energy stocks.

U.S. junk debt has slipped 4.7 percent, heading for the first annual loss since 2008, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch Indexes. Losses are more pronounced in exchange-traded funds, where investors can buy and sell a basket of debt securities like stocks. The iShares iBoxx $ High Yield Corporate Bond ETF has dropped 11 percent and the SPDR Barclays High Yield Bond ETF is down 13 percent.

The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter.

Unlike the S&P 500, where technology represents a fifth of the index, the junk bond market is made up of smaller firms, with commodity taking up the biggest share. More than 500 debt issuers in the Bank of America measure are also publicly traded in the stock market. On average, their market capitalization is $5 billion, compared with $39 billion in the S&P 500, data compiled by Bloomberg show. The junk-rated stocks slumped 3.3 percent on Friday, poised for their sixth straight quarterly declines.

 Even if the overall equity market can hold its range, it seems likely that credit sensitive equities will continue to lag absent a significant improvement in the tone of credit markets,  Michael Shaoul, chief executive officer of Marketfield Asset Management LLC in New York, wrote in a note to clients on Thursday.  The most vulnerable portions of the equity market are therefore those most involved in credit issuance.  
2015-11-11
Alphabetic Order: the benefits of Google's corporate restructuring [Part 1] Alphabetic Order: the benefits of Google's corporate restructuring [Part 1]

Google was founded as a company that specialized in Internet search. Over time, it has broadened into other areas from drones, pharmaceuticals and venture capital to advertising, hardware, and even artificial intelligence. Today, Alphabet Inc., formerly known as just plain old Google, has arms that reach far beyond just the worldwide web.

The tech giant is separating its moneymaking search and advertising businesses from the other  moonshot  subsidiaries. Alphabet is now the parent entity, and houses several companies, with Google the biggest among them.

Under Alphabet, subsidiaries such as Google (the search engine) will be run autonomously, with each being able to focus on its own particular business. This would be a significant shift from the original setup, which had Google as the parent company in charge of a number of diverse verticals. Now, the various businesses will operate independently and be folded into Alphabet, while Google's stock will also convert into Alphabet stock.

Reasons for the change

Google co-founder and Alphabet CEO Larry Page claims that the move will allow for cleaner operations and more accountability. Still, some suspect the restructuring was an attempt to please investors annoyed by Google s wild investments. The split would allow the founders more time to pursue new game-changing technology, while also increasing operational independence between businesses that are unrelated to each other. This will improve focus and accountability, and create a house of brands as a catalyst for innovation.

RELATED CONTENT: How Google and Novartis are shaping health tech

Only a few Alphabet businesses   namely Nest and Fiber   currently generate significant revenue. Some estimate those units will bring in about $500 million in total revenue in 2016, with about $100 million to $150 million in gross profit. The rest of the Alphabet businesses, many of which are still in early stages   such as the self-driving cars that are part of Google's X lab   consistently operate in the red.

Alphabet s non-Internet-related businesses could be hemorrhaging up to $4 billion a year, risking having a negative value when they are spun out into separate businesses under the Alphabet holding company.

Perks to the shake up

One overlooked aspect is how the new structure stops forcing subsidiaries to work dependently. Since everything doesn't have to report through corporate, Alphabet's businesses may begin competing against each other or overlap in ways that may have once seemed like conflicts of interest.

This has happened even before the recent shakeup. When Google was working on a ride-sharing app, finance experts pointed out the competition with Uber, notable because Google Ventures had invested roughly $250 million in Uber back in 2013.

RELATED CONTENT: Google promotes solar power with new Project Sunroof

Today, a situation like that wouldn't have to face the same criticism. Sidewalk Labs, Alphabet's subsidiary project to improve cities, could potentially find ways to foster connectivity without being obligated to partnering with Google Fiber, the super-fast internet subsidiary.

Alphabet companies may even be able to seek investments from other outside sources, such as other corporations or financial entities, to jump-start projects that don t fit with Alphabet s corporate priorities or strategic interests. The rules will be completely different than in the old days under Google, and that could have a big impact across the technology industry.

To continue this story, check out Part Two. The article in full was originally published in our October 2015 issue of Business Review USA. Google Taking On A Bigger Role In Semiconductors?  10 Ways to Invest in Driverless Cars 'Hello? Anybody home? Think, McFly, think!' (Getty Images) While the film trilogy "Back to the Future" didn't nail every technological advance (where are the hoverboards and flying cars?), not even Doc Brown could imagine the prospect of self-driving cars in 2015. Several publicly traded companies are making exciting strides toward making this dream a reality   and while prototypes are already being tested, there are still plenty of hurdles ahead. So be like Marty McFly and dream big. Consider these 10 stocks to capitalize on the driverless-car trend.



Corrected on Nov. 11, 2015: A previous version of this slideshow incorrectly identified the  Back to the Future  film featuring hoverboards. GOOG Alphabet (ticker: , GOOGL)

Alphabet (ticker: GOOG, GOOGL) (Getty Images) The company once known as Google is head and shoulders above its competitors, already having logged more than 1 million miles on public roads, says Matthew Granski, financial analyst at Los Angeles-based Miracle Mile Advisors. "It has already built a prototype car from the ground up, and it is built to involve no human interaction. Its superiority in hardware and navigational systems also gives it an advantage over Tesla and Apple," he says.



Year-to-date GOOGL performance: up 38 percent

Apple (AAPL)

Apple (AAPL) (iStockphoto) Granski says Apple "has been rumored to be working on an autonomous driving vehicle, but unlike the iPhone, veiling the program in secrecy will not be the best course of action." But Ed Butowsky, managing partner at Chapwood Investments in Addison, Texas, says AAPL is the safest driverless-car stock. "If it fails, you fall back on a company that made $53 billion in profit last year," Butowsky says. That's a big cushion.



Year-to-date AAPL performance: up 5.9 percent

Audi (AUDVF)

Audi (AUDVF) (Getty Images) Audi says its RS7 prototype, which performed well earlier this year, will be upgraded to a fully autonomous vehicle in three years. But Audi is in a constant battle for market share with other luxury automakers and needs to distinguish itself and its products any way it can. Investors take note: Audi cars are already expensive, so its customers may be more immune to sticker shock when its driverless car debuts.



Year-to-date AUDVF performance: down 8.1 percent

Baidu (BIDU)

Baidu (BIDU) (Getty Images) Baidu, the China-based Web company, has been working on driverless cars for almost four years. Baidu has been quiet about which car manufacturer it is partnering with, although it was recently announced that it will roll something out before the end of the year with German automaker BMW. Baidu needs to diversify its revenue stream, as it is a provider of marketing services whose operating and net income are starting to decline.



Year-to-date BIDU performance: down 13.6 percent

Daimler AG (DDAIY)

Daimler AG (DDAIY) (Getty Images) Daimler AG is battling it out in the driverless auto space through its Mercedes-Benz subsidiary, whose F 015 prototype looks more like something out of "Minority Report" than Doc Brown's design board. It really made its point with swivel chairs that allow passengers to face each other. Daimler isn't saying when it will be ready for mass production, though.



Year-to-date DDAIY performance: up 3.1 percent

Delphi Automotive (DLPH)

Delphi Automotive (DLPH) (Getty Images) Delphi Automotive is primarily a vehicle components manufacturer. The advantage it has from a stock perspective is that its core business is probably the most diversified and robust of all its peers   its entire future doesn't hinge on driverless cars. While its own driverless car did make a cross-country trip, Delphi is more interested in providing infrastructure for the automotive industry than making vehicles themselves.



Year-to-date DLPH performance: up 14.2 percent

Mobileye (MBLY)

Mobileye (MBLY) (Getty Images) Mobileye develops critical vision-based advanced assistance systems for collision prevention and mitigation, and most leading automakers have already signed deals to install its crash avoidance systems in their new vehicles. "Being a leader in sensor technology gives Mobileye a distinct advantage in a driverless world where sensors will replace human eyes," Granski says.



Year-to-date MBLY performance: up 6.1 percent

Qualcomm (QCOM)

Qualcomm (QCOM) (Getty Images) Qualcomm, a maker of next-generation mobile technology, is having a terrible year, with QCOM stock down nearly 30 percent. But driverless cars could help turn the company around. CEO Steve Mollenkopf has said that cars will need to "see" the road, and that means creating chips that allow vehicles to do just that. Qualcomm is a chip business, but it provides many kinds of microchips. Adding driverless car chips to its portfolio can only help.



Year-to-date QCOM performance: down 29.7 percent

Skyworks Solutions (SWKS)

Skyworks Solutions (SWKS) (Getty Images) Skyworks makes semiconductors and chips used for radio frequency and mobile communications systems   the type of technology that will be important as driverless cars receive their orders to self-correct as they cruise down the road. "Autonomously driving vehicles will require a wide array of technologies, so investing in companies that will eventually provide this technology to carmakers   will give investors the best access to the budding industry," Granski says.



Year-to-date SWKS performance: up 10.5 percent

Tesla Motors (TSLA) 
2015-04-10
Backlogged orders as shoppers get close-up look at Apple Watch A customer holding his iPhone touches an Apple Watch after it went on display at the Sydney Apple store April 10, 2015. REUTERS/David Gray

The back of an Apple Watch is seen on display at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

The back of an Apple Watch is seen on display at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

An Apple Watch is displayed at 'Apple Watch at Isetan Shinjuku' inside Isetan Shinjuku department store in Tokyo April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Issei Kato

Samples of the Apple Watch are seen on display at the Apple Store in Covent Garden in London, April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Toby Melville

A customer tries on a sample Apple Watch at the Apple Store in Covent Garden in London, April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Toby Melville

An Apple Watch is seen on display at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

An Apple Watch is seen on display at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

An Apple Watch is seen on display at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

An Apple Watch is seen on display at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

An Apple Watch is seen on display at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

An Apple Watch is seen on display at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

Apple Watch sport edition are seen on display at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

An Apple Watch is seen on display at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

An Apple Watch logo is seen on a display at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

A salesman presents an Apple Watch to customers and journalists at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

A salesman presents an Apple Watch to customers and journalists at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

A customer and a staff member speak in front of a sample Apple Watch on a lightbox advertisement photograph at the Apple Store in Covent Garden in London, April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Toby Melville

A salesman presents an Apple Watch to customers and journalists at an Apple Store in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

A customer leans over to view a selection of Apple Watches in Palo Alto, California April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith

SAN FRANCISCO/PARIS Customers preordering Apple Inc's smartwatch on Friday will have to wait at least a month for delivery, a sign of strong early demand for company chief Tim Cook's first new major product.

People flocked to Apple's stores around the world to get a close-up look at the Apple Watch, the tech company's foray into the personal luxury goods market, with Apple predicting demand would exceed supply at product launch.

Cook, interviewed on cable television channel CNBC, said initial orders were "great" for the device, available for preorder online and to try out in stores by appointment, but not to take home.

"We view this as an indication of solid demand paired with very limited supply," Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster wrote in a note to clients. "We continue to expect modest sales in the June quarter as demand ramps over time."

A key factor in the watch's success will be demand once an initial wave of interest from Apple enthusiasts subsides.

The watch goes on sale officially on April 24, online and through appointments in shops, including trendy fashion boutiques in Paris, London and Tokyo, part of Apple's strategy of positioning the wearable computer as a must-have accessory.

But soon after online preorders opened on Friday, Apple's website listed shipping times in June for some models of the watch and four to six weeks for others.

There was immediately brisk bidding on eBay for confirmed orders for watches, with hundreds of sellers looking to make a few hundred or even thousand dollars by passing on their watches, once received.

Testing Apple's mastery of consumer trends, the watch is an untried concept for the Cupertino, California-based company. It straddles a technology market accustomed to rapid obsolescence and luxury goods whose appeal lies in their enduring value.

The Apple Watch sport starts at $349 while the standard version comes in at $549 in the United States. High-end "Edition" watches with 18-karat gold alloys are priced from $10,000 and go as high as $17,000.

At a San Francisco Apple store, dozens of customers crowded around newly installed wooden cabinets, snapping pictures of the gadgets on display under glass. Apple employees, admittedly still unfamiliar with the watches' finer points, guided customers through features like text messaging, maps and fitness tracking.

MIXED REVIEWS

At Apple's flagship store in New York, Jack Weber, who was visiting from Charlottesville, Virginia, said he would give his wife a top-of-the-line "Edition" as a 50th-anniversary gift.

"What more perfect wedding present could there be than this watch?" he said.

Long wait times will likely stimulate more demand for the watch - which allows users to check email, listen to music and make phone calls when paired with an iPhone - with little risk of losing impatient customers, said JMP analyst Alex Gauna.

"You would want to catch up by the holiday season," Gauna said. "But based on what's out there in Android land, I don't think there's an extreme risk in near term of losing customers who must have a smartwatch and will go to some alternative."

Android is Google's mobile operating system used on many smartwatches.

Reviewers this week praised the watch as "beautiful" and "stylish" but gave it poor marks for relatively low battery life and slow-loading apps.

Sales estimates for 2015 vary widely. Piper Jaffray predicts 8 million units and Global Securities Research forecasts 40 million. By comparison, Apple sold nearly 200 million iPhones last year.

Apple's watch is widely expected to outsell those by Samsung, Sony Corp and Fitbit. It will likely account for 55 percent of global smartwatch shipments this year, according to Societe Generale.

"Apple will outsell its wearable rivals by a very wide margin but it will do this on the power of its brand and its design alone," independent technology analyst Richard Windsor said.

Apple shares closed 0.43 percent higher at $127.10 on Nasdaq.

(Additional reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in Bengaluru, Teppei Kasai in Tokyo, Paul Sandle in London, Pauline Askin in Sydney, Malathi Nayak in New York, Yasmeen Abutaleb in San Francisco, Bill Rigby in Seattle,; Editing by Keith Weir) 
2015-03-09
Google Vs. Amazon: Battle Of The Baskets Amazon's trove of customer purchase history represents a significant opportunity to expand advertising sales but requires investment in an Adwords-like platform targeted at brands rather than retailers.

Google will need to collaborate with retailers to be able to compete with Amazon in product search and comparison, but seems to be making some progress.

Google still has an edge in product search for less mature e-commerce categories such as CPG baskets. Search volumes on Google are higher than Amazon... for the moment.

Google and Amazon are butting heads in product search, each trying to capture more of the customer journey and more customer data.

Once upon a time Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) was a search engine that charged for advertising based on clicks and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) was an online retailer that made money on each transaction sold on its site. Today the lines distinguishing the tech giants' core businesses are blurring as they butt against each other, notably in product search.

Eighty-eight percent of Google's 2014 revenues came from the bread-and-butter advertising business on owned and network sites. Sixty-eight percent of Amazon's 2014 revenues are from merchandise sales, compared with just a quarter from media, which includes advertising.

Rumors are circulating that Amazon will soon be launching a self-serve advertising platform akin to Google's Adwords. Meanwhile, there are whispers about an upcoming Google "buy button" in Google Shopping search results to tackle Amazon's "one click."

The Internet giants are seeking to capture more of the customer journey (and more customer data). Nowhere is the battle more fierce than at the bottom of the marketing funnel in product search and comparison.

PLA Power

Based on AdGooroo estimates, Amazon is Google's largest advertiser. However, it has historically refrained from buying Google Shopping/Product Listing Ads (PLAs). This highly effective ad format shows a product image and price linking directly to an e-commerce product page for purchase. PLAs allow consumers to compare prices in the search results and enable online retailers to drive purchase-ready consumers straight to the product page. It seems that Amazon may be reluctant to share pricing and inventory data with Google.

According to analysis by Jeffries, PLAs are generating higher overall revenues for Google, more than offsetting cannibalization of regular ads. With the exception of Amazon, major online retailers have embraced PLAs. AdGooroo estimates that Google's top 20 advertisers spent 63 percent of their ad budget on the format in Q2 2014. Google PLAs produce 130 percent higher click-through rates than non-brand text ads, according to RKG. As a result, retailers are shifting their spend to the format, in particular for non-brand search, where PLAs now account for over half (56 percent) of paid search clicks.

Source: RKG Q4 2014 Digital Marketing Report

Source: RKG Q4 2014 Digital Marketing Report

Google must rely on retail partnerships if it is to capture more of the e-commerce value chain to take on Amazon. Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) has enthusiastically embraced PLAs where the format accounts for 71 percent of its spend on Google search. The group recently pulled back from Local Inventory Ads. Google launched the feature in October 2013 to allow retailers to show local inventory availability in nearby stores. However, Wal-Mart appears to be reluctant to share its inventory data with the search giant.

It's been two years since Google announced the launch of Google Shopping Express delivery service. Just 16 retailers are now on the platform. If Google wants to bring product purchase (i.e., buy buttons) into search results, it will need to integrate with a broad swathe of the major retailers and come to an agreement with them on customer data.

Amazon Ads Advance

Amazon has shied away from directly monetizing its hoards of purchase history data. Currently, its rudimentary advertising interface does not provide the targeting and analytical sophistication of Adwords. It also keeps most of its advertising within the Amazon ecosystem.

RKG estimates that cost-per-clicks (CPCs) for Amazon product ads are 40 percent lower than Google PLA CPCs. Amazon product ads are growing rapidly, up 127 percent in 2014. The ecommerce giant has extended its suite of product ad units to take on Google's PLAs. Most common are right-rail ads with images at the top of the search and sponsored products at the bottom. These keep customers within the Amazon site. Display banners and sponsored text links at the end of the page often drive to third-party sites. Amazon has trialed product ads that drive to third party sites for purchase but does not appear to be scaling this yet.

Amazon is tentatively extending beyond its owned sites with "Login with Amazon," the "one click" buy button that can be used on other online retailers, which launched in October 2013. To date, just 42 retailers are listed on Amazon as participating in the program, mostly smaller brands. Like Google, the e-commerce giant faces a tough time convincing big retailers to allow it to capture their customer data.

The Basket Case

To examine some of the forces impacting product search, I have constructed a hypothetical basket. The shopping list of 20 non-brand household items is at the bottom of the article for reference and comprises of non-perishable Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) staples found under a kitchen sink or behind a bathroom mirror. These goods are rarely sold direct-to-consumer (DTC) and many of Google's top advertisers, such as Wal-Mart, are competing for these increasingly digital baskets. Amazon's Pantry service also is aggressively pursuing these product categories. Wal-Mart and Amazon each advertise against half of these terms on Google.com.

Extrapolating from performance metrics of my "basket case" reveals some interesting trends in product search across google.com and Amazon.com. There is significantly more data available for Google, given the insights Adwords provides. According to Merchant Words data, average search volume for these 20 generic keywords on Amazon.com is close to half a million monthly searches. In January 2015, Google search volume for the same keywords was 70 percent higher than Amazon, averaging almost 850,000 monthly searches in the U.S.

Google's search volumes include many permutations of these keywords, while Amazon searchers undeniably have higher purchase intent. Nonetheless, the volume of search is substantially higher on Google compared with Amazon, at least for the moment. This stands in contrast to more mature e-commerce product categories. For keywords such as "camera" and "batteries" Amazon searches are approximately three times higher than Google.

Another interesting trend in the CPG basket can be found in mobile. Adwords data shows that mobile searches for these keywords in January 2014 accounted for just over a quarter (26 percent) of total search volumes. In January 2015, these volumes had increased to 41 percent. This trend is consistent across other categories, where RKG now estimates 43 percent of Google search is mobile.

Google CPCs are 60 percent lower on mobile, according to RKG. This is not as bad as it seems for Google. Desktop search volumes for the basket case keywords fell just 4 percent from January 2014 to January 2015. Total search volumes increased 17 percent in the period. All of this growth is due to mobile.

Source: RKG Q4 2014 Digital Marketing Report

Source: Adwords

Mobile currently has less ad saturation compared with desktop on Google.com. The basket case searches show 10 ads on average on desktop, compared with 1.4 on mobile. Adding the "buy" modifier to the search terms dramatically increases ad intensity, showing 17 ads on desktop and 3.4 on mobile when "buy" is added to the search terms.

Just 10 percent of mobile searches for the keywords on Google.com yield PLAs, compared with 60 percent on desktop. There's less real estate for PLA ads on the small screen. Mobile searches have space for just three PLAs without swiping, compared with a capacity of eight PLAs on desktop above the fold.

Source: amazon.com and google.com search results

Amazon also is actively selling advertising against the basket case terms. The basket case searches yield on average 7.6 ads on desktop and 4.6 on mobile. Amazon's mobile experience does not allow for much advertising above the fold. Just 55 percent of basket case searches show a single ad above the fold. Instead Amazon is using this top-of-page real estate to drive consumers back to previous purchases by showing reminders of previous purchases (see image below).

All of this is positive for Google's revenue prospects. Mobile represents virgin territory for ads on Google.com and Google's inventory is increasing faster than demand. In less mature e-commerce categories, such as CPG, Google appears to have higher search market share than Amazon. Amazon faces a trade-off between offering advertising and driving consumers to purchase. Amazon's mobile ad intensity is already much higher than Google's.

Policy of Engagement

Neither Google nor Amazon can go it alone and expect to win in product search.

If Google is to take on Amazon's buy button, it will need to integrate with online retailers' order management systems. An "add to shopping list" button on Google's Search Engine Results pages would enable consumers to continue product search and price comparison within Google before proceeding to an online retailer for purchase. This will require a substantial amount of cooperation with retailers and most importantly an agreement on who owns customer data and what it can be used for.

A buy button gives Google the ability to track customer purchase history and ultimately to use this data for targeting. As retailers start advertising on their own web properties, there's also an opportunity for Google to bring these "publishers" into its ad network. Success depends on Google's ability to convince retailers to trust and engage with it.

The advertising opportunity for Amazon will likely require engagement with brands rather than retailers. It is in direct competition with online retailers and is unlikely to be able to collaborate on advertising for "direct response" product search. To date it has not shown signs of wanting to offer up its treasure trove of purchase history data for advertising. However, one could imagine an advertising platform aimed at branding rather than direct response campaigns, with targeting based on the world's most extensive collection of purchase history data. One also can imagine the consumer backlash that might ensue.

Google is closer to capturing the purchase history data that would enable it to compete with Amazon. Investors should monitor the success of Google Shopping Express as a predictor of Google's ability to scale its retailer collaboration. If Amazon launches a media platform that allows advertisers to target by purchase history, investors should expect a significant bump in high margin media revenues. My money is with Google getting its act in gear first.

Appendix: Shopping Basket Toothpaste Toothbrush Mouthwash Shampoo Conditioner Hand Soap Dish Soap Deodorant Razor Shaving Gel Ibuprofen Lotion Multivitamins Toilet Paper Paper Towels Tissues Trash Bags Laundry Detergent Fabric Softener Dishwasher Detergent

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Google 2.0: A Big Day Is Coming For Investors  Exclusive: China takes lessons from Japan, past master on slowdown, deflation SHANGHAI/TOKYO Chinese regulators are turning to Japan for lessons on economic history, determined to keep the world s second biggest economy from taking the same path of recession and deflation that has blighted its neighbor for the past 20 years.

Beijing views Tokyo's handling of the liberalization of capital flows and the yen over 30 years ago as key factors that led to the creation and subsequent bust of the asset bubble in Japan in the early 1990s, according to Japanese government and other sources who are in direct contact with Chinese regulators.

 They aren t a single bit interested in Japan s successes. Their biggest interest is in Japan s mistakes,  one China-based source who is directly in touch with Chinese regulators told Reuters on condition of anonymity.

"Japanese and Chinese economies do share many similarities, so I assume there is quite a lot to learn from our experiences."

Chinese policymakers and analysts at government think-tanks are already well versed in the experiences of Japan and other countries, and the sources say two-way communication at both government and private-sector level continued even through a chill in diplomatic ties after a territorial spat in 2012.

But as economic growth slows and signs of deflation emerge, China's interest in Japan has increased notably around policy details, according to the sources.

At an annual parliamentary meeting that began on Thursday, China announced an economic growth target of around 7 percent for this year, down from 7.4 percent in 2014, already the slowest in 24 years.

LOST DECADES

China is carrying out three key financial reforms Japan undertook over the past decades - liberalizing interest rates, internationalizing its currency and opening up its capital account.

These reforms should help develop the economy, but mis-steps could have huge repercussions.

Chinese policymakers see the 1985 Plaza Accord between Japan and the Western powers, which effectively approved a stronger yen and the opening up of the capital account during the 1980s and 1990s, as pivotal events for Tokyo which ultimately led to Japan's "lost two decades", sources say.

The surge in the yen that followed the agreement hit the country's main exports; Japanese auto makers, for example, started shifting more production overseas. This started to hamper economic growth and prompted the Bank of Japan to ease monetary policy.

However, much of the cash from the easing, along with hot foreign money that followed the liberalization of the capital account, flowed into stocks, property and other assets, often magnified through leveraging.

"China is already applying lessons from Japan's experience. Even when growth is slowing, Chinese policymakers aren't taking policy measures that could heighten financial imbalances. That's very wise of them," Bank of Japan board member Takahide Kiuchi told a news conference in Maebashi, north of Tokyo, on Thursday.

He said that even when asset bubbles were forming, Japan wasn't able to tighten monetary policy because of the impacts it would have on the United States, its biggest partner.

"One of the lessons from Japan's experience is that achieving domestic economic stability should be the top priority for policymakers (rather than international considerations)," Kiuchi added.

DEBT RISK

China has other challenges that echo Japan's past.

Its property market has cooled since the government tightened policy to prevent overheating and due to oversupply, and that, coupled with economic slowdown, is raising fears of a rapid rise in bad loans at banks and a further dent in local government finances.

Sources said regulators have also been asking how Japan dealt with bank bankruptcies, and that could be a signal Beijing is preparing for a likely consolidation in the fragmented banking sector once interest rates are liberalized.

"It makes perfects sense for them to look to Japan rather than other countries since our financial systems are very similar," said another Shanghai-based source.

Like Japan, Chinese firms rely heavily on bank loans to meet their financing needs as opposed to debt or equity issues. Also China heavily regulates its banking sector, for example by limiting the number and locations where banks can open branches, similar to Japan in the 1970s and 1980s.

"The consolidation in the banking sector Japan saw in the 70s and 80s was mainly a result of stronger banks rescuing weaker ones so they could expand their network. It's possible this kind of move will happen in China," the source said.

On the surface, government relations between Tokyo and Beijing remain cool after Japan nationalized disputed islands in the East China Sea in 2012, which triggered anti-Japan protests in China and a boycott of Japanese goods.

But the sources say communication between the countries remained frequent, though often at low-key, private meetings.

"There s very frequent exchange of views. But it usually takes an informal setting because at times it s hard to meet publicly in big, public events,  said one Japanese policymaker with knowledge of bilateral exchanges.

(This story was refiled to correct syntax in paragraph 10)

(Additional reporting by Kevin Yao in Beijing; Editing by Will Waterman) 
2015-04-15
Xiaomi-backed Chinese firm acquires iconic scooter maker Segway People stand near a logo of Xiaomi ahead of the launching ceremony of Xiaomi Phone 4, in Beijing, July 22, 2014. REUTERS/Jason Lee

Tourists on Segways peer into the window of the Newseum, one of the few attractions open to tourists in Washington, October 3, 2013. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque

BEIJING Chinese transportation robotics firm Ninebot said on Wednesday it has acquired U.S. rival Segway Inc, the company behind the self-balancing scooter that became a technological marvel when it was launched in the early 2000s but whose hype then faded.

Financial details of the deal were not disclosed, but Ninebot Chief Executive Gao Lufeng said at a press briefing in Beijing that Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc and venture capital firm Sequoia Capital China, among others, had invested $80 million into Ninebot to help finance the acquisition.

New backers of Ninebot, which began producing scooters two years ago as a crowdfunded project, also include Xiaomi Chief Executive Lei Jun's personal private equity fund Shunwei, Gao said.

The acquisition comes about half a year after Segway named Ninebot in a patent infringement complaint in September 2014.

Gao did not address the dispute on Wednesday but told reporters the combined company would hold a significant lead in market share as well as a vast portfolio of over 400 critical patents. The companies would operate as separate brands, he said.

Ninebot, which has several self-balancing scooter models including one without handles, known as the "One", will now have "the most comprehensive lineup of products in the industry", Gao said.

Ninebot's high-profile backers, Sequoia Capital China partner Neil Shen and Xiaomi CEO Lei, both struck a nationalistic note in remarks toasting the deal.

"I have long thought Chinese companies should have more courage," said Shen, one of China's most prominent tech investors. "This acquisition is a display of Chinese self-confidence."

The acquisition caps a 14-year independent run for Bedford, New Hampshire-based Segway, which never lived up to the initial hype in 2001, when inventor Dean Kamen unveiled to the American public a scooter that could be driven simply by shifting one's weight and turned it into a pop culture icon.

Kamen vowed on television the Segway would revolutionize transportation much like the automobile, but it became widely regarded as a mainstream sales failure despite some law enforcement and industrial uses.

Lei, one of China's richest men, showed off riding a Ninebot for photographers on Wednesday and explained that he invested in the company because he always found self-balancing vehicles the best "toys for adults".

When prompted by an event MC, Lei added that Xiaomi's investment in Ninebot made sense for the smartphone company because Xiaomi's strategy was to support smart hardware companies everywhere and build a device ecosystem around its smartphones.

(This version of the story adds executives' comments from the conference and the background)

(Additional reporting by Adam Jourdan; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Muralikumar Anantharaman) Here's the one trait you should have to get a job at Google Even the fastest, smartest people can fall at the final hurdle.

Most people spend more time working than doing anything else, including sleeping or even hanging out with family and friends, according to Laszlo Bock, head of People Operations at Google Inc., a department that handles over two million resumes a year. He wrote  Work Rules! Insights from Inside Google that Will Transform How You Live and Lead,  released by Hachette Book Group this month.  For too many people it s just an unpleasant means to an end,  he says. That s not the way work should be.  We want to make work suck less than it does today,  he adds.

Finding a great job at a tech company like Google GOOG, -0.09%   or anywhere else where you think you might be happy   is the tricky part. Bock has a checklist that every job seeker should go through before walking into an interview. Here are just a few: Anticipate the questions you will be asked and practice several alternative answers but not so much that they sound rehearsed (and remember to give examples), think about how you have positively impacted your team at your previous job rather than focusing on your individual accomplishments, and scan the room for clues about your interviewer and his or her state of mind.

But there is one quality often missing from the highest rated candidates, Bock says. Although it s not always something that s valued in corporate America, for interviewees the absence of this quality can be fatal.  From the outside, people may not find what I m about to say credible,  he says.  There are lots of really smart people who look for jobs. It s harder to find people who are clever and have some intellectual humility.  When given new information, employees who lack that quality are oftentimes not able or willing to adapt as readily. (As if to illustrate this point, the last review on his book jacket comes from his daughter Annabelle, 5.  It s a boring book,  her comment reads.)

Read: Job interviews are getting weirder

And humility works both ways: Bock is on the same page as Mark Zuckerberg, the Facebook Inc. FB, -0.14% chief executive, when it comes to only hiring people he would work for.

Google stumbles in job search, too. In 2004, it ran a billboard in Cambridge, Mass., and off the 101 Freeway in California. It was a cryptic puzzle not unlike that used to recruit MI6 code-breakers in the movie  The Imitation Game.  In this case, the billboard puzzle led to a Web page with a second puzzle and, when that too was solved, it led to a Google Labs page requesting resumes. Instead of discovering the next Alan Turing, the man who broke the Nazi s  enigma  code during World War II to help win the war, Google s billboard approach produced zero new hires. Why? Bock says they needed people with broad skills who were also team players, not just puzzle-solvers.

Unlike the billboards, job ads should be forensically specific, and the job search should be part of every employee s job. But assessment should be done by recruiters   not line managers   and to help avoid what Bock calls  confirmation bias  when a candidate is selected, he says subordinates and people from other departments should be included in the interview. And research shows that the optimal number of interviews is four. Backdoor references   people the candidate may have worked with   are also critical.

That said, one of Bock s favorite pieces of advice for both employees and employers:  Culture eats strategy for breakfast.  At Google, software engineers gain access to almost all of the company s code on their first day.  The downside risk is that someone could join, look at our code base and copy it and go to another company or take what they ve seen or set up their own search engine,  he says.  But if you have access to that information, you feel trusted and behave in a more trusted way.  That kind of trust leads Google employees are referred to as  Googlers  in the same way that Disney has  cast members  instead of employees.  It s a nice affectation,  he says.

Read: 5 of the most bizarre job-interview questions Here's More Proof That Time Warner Cable Is Terrified of Google Inc.'s Fiber ... Just last week, Time Warner Cable (NYSE:TWC) announced it's increasing speeds for its residential Internet customers -- by up to six times their current speeds -- at no additional cost.

It's really amazing when you see a company that just flat-out cares about its customers so much. Or, maybe it has to do with Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) ultra-fast fiber Internet moving into Charlotte over the next few months, and Time Warner Cable being absolutely terrified that Google offers a far superior product for around $5 more per month. Yeah, that's probably more accurate.

Here's what Time Warner Cable's plans look like under the new upgrade, compared to Google Fiber:

Package Download Speeds Price TWC Standard 50 Mbps

(15 before upgrade) $35 TWC Extreme 200 Mbps

(30 before upgrade) $54 TWC Ultimate 300 Mbps

(50 before upgrade) $65 Google Fiber 1,000 Mbps $70

It's worth noting that Time Warner Cable hasn't said whether or not it's upload speeds will be bumped up as well. The company's top-tier Ultimate plan currently has a modest 5 Mbps upload speed, compared to Google's 1,000 Mbps.

Google continues to outpace the competition

This isn't the first time Google Fiber's competition has had to step up its game. TWC and Comcast both bumped up their speeds last year in Austin, just after Google announced it was coming to the city.

Just recently, AT&T (NYSE:T) dropped prices on its 1,000 Mbps U-Verse with Gigapower fiber network prices to match Google's prices in some cities. Again, this is because AT&T feels competitive pressure from Google Fiber. In cities where Google Fiber has yet to come, AT&T keeps its prices higher.



On top of that, AT&T says users pay the reduced price of $70 because they allow AT&T to extensively track user's online usage (even more than Google does). AT&T Gigapower subscribers who don't want to be tracked have to shell out an additional $29 per month to keep their online browsing private.

So, while the competition has tried to match Google's pricing and speeds, both AT&T and Time Warner Cable's offerings fall short in either Internet speeds or browsing privacy.

The real impact is yet to be felt

While Google is taking an aggressive approach to its Fiber service, it's not a big revenue driver for the company right now. But Time Warner Cable, AT&T, and Comcast have a lot of incentive to make sure their services are keeping up with Google's. A few years down the road, Google Fiber will have expanded to many more cities, and these cable providers know they need to take Fiber's growth seriously now, so they aren't caught off-guard later.

Aside from Google's advantage in speed and pricing, the company also has the upper hand in customer satisfaction. Internet service providers consistently disappoint their customers in satisfaction surveys. As Google Fiber expands, it's offering new customers a better product, at a cheaper price, to people who are typically dissatisfied with their current Internet provider. That's sounds like a win-win for American Internet users, Google, and Google's investors. Stock Market News for April 15, 2015  
2015-08-25
Could Google Inc. Really Decide The 2016 Presidential Race? Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has an enormous amount of power through its ability to manipulate search rankings.

The company can make or break a brand or website by making minor tweaks to its algorithms. There's an entire science devoted to interpreting every move Google makes because even subtle changes can make a huge difference.

Google has always maintained that the goal of its endless tinkering is delivering the best search results possible. That seems to be true and the search giant famously has a "you can make money without doing evil," policy, but just because it currently has good intentions does not mean it always will.

The company's success and its ability to control where people go on the Internet put it into a place where it could impact the next president of the United States. There's no reason to believe Google intends to rig the coming election, but it has that power according to a Politico essay written by Robert Epstein, senior research psychologist at the American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology and the former editor-in-chief of Psychology Today.

How could Google do this?

Epstein wrote that Google not only has the power to swing the results in the election, but that it can do so in a way only he and "a few other obscure researchers would know." He explained his findings in the piece.

Research I have been directing in recent years suggests that Google,, has amassed far more power to control elections   indeed, to control a wide variety of opinions and beliefs   than any company in history has ever had. Google's search algorithm can easily shift the voting preferences of undecided voters by 20% or more   up to 80% in some demographic groups   with virtually no one knowing they are being manipulated, according to experiments I conducted recently with Ronald E. Robertson.

Google can't move every voter, but Epstein explained that you only need to cause a small shift to swing the results. He pointed put that "in the United States, half of our presidential elections have been won by margins under 7.6%, and the 2012 election was won by a margin of only 3.9%   well within Google's control." Did Google Just Reveal That Solar Energy May Be Its Next Moonshot? What does Alphabet spell out for Google (NASDAQ: GOOG)? It's what everyone who follows the company has been asking since the announcement of the company's restructuring. More driverless cars and the like? Well, Google may have just tipped its hand.

This week, the search giant announced Project Sunroof. Only available in San Francisco, Fresno, and Boston at the moment, the service allows customers to enter their addresses and, after some Google magic, learn how much they would save if they went solar. Is this just another app to be featured besides Translate and Maps, or is it a step toward bringing clean energy directly to consumers?

On the Google Green Blog announcement, the company revealed that the service "can help connect you with local solar providers." Will Google be able to monetize the project by linking customers with installers, or is there another route? Let's take a look at the company and some of its experience in solar energy.

Alphabet's ABCs

On the Official Google Blog, Larry Page, Google's CEO, explains the restructuring. "Alphabet is mostly a collection of companies. The largest of which, of course, is Google." The other companies under the Alphabet umbrella will take on more ambitious opportunities -- the company's work in Life Sciences and the development of a glucose-sensing contact lens for example.

There are many other projects on which the company is working, and the number may be increasing: Research and development costs accounted for 15.7% of the company's revenue in the second quarter -- a 24.6% increase over those costs in the first quarter. Perhaps, in the Google Labs somewhere, there's a solar project incubating -- one that relies on the implementation of Project Sunroof before it can be born.

Already warmed up to the idea

Project Sunroof isn't Google's first foray into the residential solar market. In 2011, Google announced a partnership with SolarCity (NASDAQ: SCTY) in which the search giant would invest $280 million "to create a fund that will help SolarCity finance more solar installations across the country" -- a fund that surely helped propel SolarCity closer to its goal of one million customers by 2018.

This, the first of Google's investments in residential solar, was also its largest investment in renewable energy at the time. In commenting on the deal, Rick Needham, Google's Director of Green Business Operations, acknowledged that it wasn't just a deal to garner some positive public sentiment; he suggested further deals like this were likely in the future: "Google has made a series of investments in renewable energy because they make business sense and help deploy a range of solutions that can help move us toward a clean energy future."

Three years later, in 2014, Google teamed up with SunPower (NASDAQ: SPWR) to create a fund that would make it easier to finance the purchase of residential solar systems. In essence, Google purchases the homeowners' systems, than sells the power back to the homeowners at a rate cheaper than their utilities charge.

According to SunPower's press release on the deal, "Thousands of homeowners are expected to finance solar power systems through SunPower solar leases as a result of this program." At the time, SunPower stated it had about 20,000 residential customers.

Based on those figures, Google helped SunPower significantly expand its residential customer base. Representing 47.5% of its revenue in the second quarter, the residential market is important to SunPower. The company operates in three markets: residential, commercial, and utility-scale. It is the residential market, though, which is the most profitable; for the second quarter, the residential market had the highest gross margin of all three segments, at 23.3%.

A sunny forecast

Residential solar is a growing market, and industry analysts expect the trend to continue. According to a recent report from the Solar Energy Industry Industries Association and GTM Research, in Q1 2015, the residential solar market had its largest quarter ever, growing over 11% quarter over quarter from Q4 2014. Furthermore, the report forecasts the solar market to grow 27% over its 2014 level in 2015, with residential solar accounting for the fastest growth.

Analysts are cautious to forecast the rapid growth of solar to continue over the next few years, as state and federal tax incentives are uncertain, but don't forget SolarCity, and what it believes is a very attainable goal: one million customers by 2018.

The Foolish takeaway

Although Project Sunroof is only available to residents in three cities, Google plans on expanding its availability to other markets in the coming months. Having already partnered with industry-leading installers SolarCity and SunPower, Google has gained a foothold in the residential market, demonstrating its recognition that the market is ripe for investment.

Project Sunroof may be just another step in the company's journey to bring solar to homeowners' rooftops and profits to investors' portfolios. 
2015-01-27
Google Wallet Is A Clear And Present Danger To Apple Pay And PayPal Aside from making a play to acquire Softcard, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is aggressively expanding the total addressable market of Google Wallet. Google has struck a deal with payment processor WePay to use the Google Wallet API. WePay is a leading payments platform provider for online stores, small/medium businesses websites, and crowdsourcing sites. More than 200,000 clients are using WePay's services. While Softcard is mainly to allow mobile shoppers to use their phones to pay at more than 200,000 physical retail stores, WePay now allows more than 200,000 online shops to accept payments via Google Wallet. WePay is the first payments platform provider to integrate Google Wallet and it competes with market leader PayPal, which will soon go independent from eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY). Launched only in 2009, WePay is emerging as a fierce rival of PayPal when it comes to providing websites with merchant accounts. The alliance with WePay might help Google Wallet improve its market share among digital shoppers in the U.S. As of August last year, PayPal was still the most used digital wallet service among American shoppers. The race is not over yet; investors should note that Google Wallet is No.2 (40%), just behind PayPal (79%). It is my opinion that WePay's large portfolio of clients can help close the gap between PayPal and Google Wallet.

(click to enlarge) WePay partnership also involves mobile shopping. The deal with WePay integrates a Buy with Google button. Mobile device users, like their desktop PC counterparts, will also be allowed to buy things and services from any of the 200,000 online stores that uses WePay's platform. Source: Tech Crunch

WePay estimates that only 20% of shopping is done through mobile. However, I am optimistic that the instant buy API being provided by Google Wallet will encourage more customers to use their phones/tablets to shop at any WePay-powered online stores. WePay says that 70% of its clients already signed up for mobile payments processing. Google Wallet is also therefore a great boon to WePay's own growth prospects. An instant buy button that does not demand credit card details of would-be buyers helps WePay's clients too. People (like me) are always wary of inputting our credit card details on mobile and websites. Mobile shopping in the U.S. now involves many peer-to-peer payments, which is also ideal for the Buy with Google button that WeChat is now implementing.

(click to enlarge) Google Wallet can still compete with Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Pay. The idea of owning Softcard, which is accepted in more than 200,000 brick & mortar stores in the U.S., plus a strong partnership with WePay, gives Google an advantage over Apple Pay. Apple Pay's core strength is still its massive number of iPhone users. However, I am unaware of any third-party e-commerce site that currently allows Apple Pay. All I know is that Apple allowed PayPal as a payment option when shopping online with Apple Pay on Apple's own online store. WePay's permission to use Google Wallet is therefore decisive. PayPal is an 8,000-pound gorilla when it comes to online payments. WePay is a privately-owned firm that has limited funds and therefore unable to match any future pricing war against PayPal. Google's partnership with WePay is pre-emptive move against any future expansion of PayPal and Apple Pay collaboration. Making mobile payments convenient can lead to more people using digital wallets. With the addition of a Buy with Google button, desktop and mobile device users can be enticed to do more impulsive buying. Clicking a button and inputting a password to confirm payment is much more convenient than having to key in credit card details on a mobile phone. I also opine that the said two-button clicking mobile payments method might also help increase the average amount of spending. An easier procedure of buying things online (using phone or PC) might lead to more people using digital wallets like Google Wallet. In addition to security, convenience is an important feature that will help digital wallets gain more mainstream usage.

(click to enlarge) Source: Statista

Statista's chart above says only 8% of U.S. digital wallet users spend more than $60 per transaction. This is way below the average amounts of credit card transactions around the world. I believe that as more people realize that digital wallets offer better security features than direct credit card transactions, the better it is for Google Wallet.

Conclusion

WePay's Buy with Google button is definitely a very convenient way to shop online. It is a win-win-win situation. Google Wallet expands its total addressable market. WePay gets an easy-to-use instant buy button for its payments platform for online merchant accounts. WePay's clients can now improve their mobile e-commerce stores with instant buy buttons from Google. It might also be a win for GOOG investors if Google really acquires Softcard. The digital payments industry is a huge gold mine that should not only be enjoyed by Apple Pay and PayPal. Google Wallet is as good as those two digital wallets. I would like to emphasize again that Google Wallet remains in the running for the race toward leadership in mobile payments. As of September 2014, Google Wallet remains only 2nd to PayPal. Source: Market Force

Apple Pay's introduction last November is only making the competition a lot more fun. Let us not forget that there are more than 1 billion Android phones on the planet today and all of them are potential Google Wallet users. Furthermore, Google likes giving away free things to help it solidify its leadership in mobile and web advertising. It is not far-fetched to speculate that Google's overlords will find a way (in the future) to provide free digital wallet services in exchange for more advertising eyeballs. As of today, Google Wallet transactions are still not free for credit/debit card users. Source: The Wall Street Journal

I opine that Google might be better off buying a bank or credit card issuing firm rather than playing as a mobile virtual network operator. Competing against the top U.S. carriers will not be easy. Competing with Apple Pay and PayPal will not be as hard as going toe to toe with mega cap carriers like AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) who actually owns their own nationwide cellular networks. If Google owns a bank that can issue credit or debit cards, Google Wallet might go 100% free for some people. A digital wallet that is free will eventually knockout Apple Pay and PayPal. GOOG is a Buy.

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Google, Biogen Seek Reasons for Advance of Multiple Sclerosis Google Inc., expanding its foray into medical research, will join multiple sclerosis drugmaker Biogen Idec Inc. to study environmental and biological contributors to the debilitating disease s progression.

The collaboration is the second major pharmaceutical partnership for the life science division of Google X labs, which has hatched Google Glass and self-driving cars. Google X sees itself as providing the technical and innovative fire power for a  moonshot  in the health-care field, said Andrew Conrad, head of the division.

 Our central thesis is to change health care from being reactive to proactive,  Conrad said in a telephone interview.  We re trying to understand disease at its onset and see if we can intervene early. 

Using sensors, software and data analysis tools, the companies will collect and sift through data from people with the disease. The goal is to explain why multiple sclerosis progresses differently from patient to patient, said Rick Rudick, Biogen s vice president of development sciences.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

 We used to see patients at the beginning stages of MS -- two women would come in with optic neuritis, they couldn t see out of one eye, they d have some spots on the MRI scan, and they looked very similar,  said Rudick, who previously was director of the Cleveland Clinic s MS program.  But as we followed them along, 10 years later, one would be a championship tennis player still and one would be in a nursing home. I never understood that. 

Biogen, based in Cambridge, Massachusetts, leads the market with five MS drugs and is on a mission to use new technologies to gather round-the-clock data on patients. It has run a Fitbit study to see if fitness bands could be reliable data-gathering tools, and is developing an iPad app with the Cleveland Clinic to help physicians better assess their patients  disease progression.

Different Paths

While Rudick and Conrad declined to comment on the terms of the deal, Conrad said it would probably be a multiyear effort.

Multiple sclerosis affects 2.3 million people worldwide, according to the National Multiple Sclerosis Society. The disorder causes the immune system to attack myelin, a fatty substance that coats and protects nerve fibers. Patients can experience tingling, problems with walking and degrading vision. Their symptoms get worse as MS progresses.

There are no approved cures, only drugs that help suppress the immune system or manage symptoms. Patients typically only see their doctors a few times a year, meaning their day-to-day experiences aren t catalogued.

Drug Development

More data may help Biogen develop more effective drugs, or better understand which drugs should go to which patients. Real-world experience of patients could also help Biogen prove the value of its medicine to insurers and pharmacy benefit managers, which are increasingly cracking down on high-priced drugs. MS treatments typically have wholesale prices of $50,000 a year.

Biogen s partnership with Google came about after Chief Executive Officer George Scangos ran into Conrad at a digital health conference, according to Conrad. Scangos saw the opportunity to combine the search giant s technical savvy with Biogen s knowledge about the disease.

 They bring great expertise in data analytics and technology, they re sophisticated in their approach, they understand biology,  Scangos said in a telephone interview, listing reasons why Biogen turned to Mountain View, California-based Google instead of an academic partner.

Contact Lens

The collaboration also deepens Google s commitment to the health industry. Google X ventured into health care in January 2014 with the announcement of a smart contact lens project.

The lens, developed to measure glucose in diabetes patients  tears, was licensed by Novartis AG in July. Google X also bought health-tech startup Lift Labs, which makes cutlery that could counteract tremors experienced by Parkinson s disease patients.

Conrad has 150 scientists working for him, including astrophysicists, theoretical mathematicians, oncologists, immunologists, electrical engineers and computer scientists.

His goal is for Google X to  be an R&D partner for pharma. 

 We re never going to be a pharma company -- we don t manufacture drugs,  he said.  What I think and hope we re good at is trying to do this moonshot, innovative thinking, where it s OK to fail, and we re looking for partners to join in these endeavors.  Taylor Swift says Twitter, Instagram accounts were hacked Taylor Swift performs in Times Square on New Year's Eve in New York December 31, 2014. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri

LOS ANGELES Pop star Taylor Swift said her Twitter and Instagram accounts were hacked on Tuesday, but the rogue posts were quickly removed from the social media services.

The 25-year-old "Shake It Off" singer, whose album "1989" has been atop the charts for the past three months, has built a following of young fans through social media and has the fourth-most popular Twitter account with 51.4 million followers.

"My Twitter got hacked but don't worry, Twitter is deleting the hacker tweets and locking my account until they can figure out how this happened and get me new passwords," said a statement posted on Swift's personal Tumblr page.

"Never a dull moment," the statement added before another posting said that Swift's Instagram account had been hacked as well.

Celebrities are frequent targets of hackers who have posted personal and embarrassing information online in previous high-profile hacks.

Swift's publicist did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Twitter Inc and Facebook Inc-owned Instagram did not immediately respond to requests for comment on whether Swift's accounts had been hacked.

The Grammy winner was back to tweeting two hours after the hacking, in which users were asked to follow two accounts that Twitter now lists as suspended.

"Cause the hackers gonna hack, hack, hack, hack, hack ...," Swift tweeted, mimicking the lyrics to her hit "Shake It Off."

The apparent hacking of Swift's accounts came as Facebook, the world's largest social network, experienced a wide outage on Tuesday. A hacker group sought to claim responsibility, but the company said the outage was its fault.

(Reporting by Eric Kelsey; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) Winklevoss twins expect first-quarter debut of bitcoin exchange Brothers Cameron (L) and Tyler Winklevoss talk to each other as they attend a New York State Department of Financial Services (DFS) virtual currency hearing in the Manhattan borough of New York January 28, 2014. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/Files

HOLLYWOOD, Fla. Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, two of the leading advocates of bitcoin, expect to get regulatory approval to launch a U.S. exchange for investors to buy and sell the virtual currency in the first quarter, the twins told Reuters on Monday.

"The information coming out of the DFS (Department of Financial Services) is that Q1 is their goal. And we will be ready by then,  Cameron Winklevoss, a principal at New York-based Winklevoss Capital, said in an interview at ETF.com's Inside ETFs Conference in Hollywood, Florida.

The bitcoin exchange will be called Gemini, the brothers said. In a blog on its website, gemini.com, the Winklevoss twins said they have been putting together the Gemini team since last February.

Any firm seeking to launch a financial exchange needs the approval of the state it wants to operate in.

On Monday, Coinbase Inc launched the first regulated U.S. exchange for bitcoin.

The twins want to launch a regulated U.S. exchange because so many bitcoin exchanges are offshore and unregulated.

"With a bitcoin exchange you have to build it like you are a real financial institution," said Tyler Winklevoss.

The Winklevoss twins are creating the exchange while they seek approval from the Securities and Exchange Commission to launch a bitcoin exchange-traded fund. The agency has been reviewing their filing since 2013.

The twins anticipate that institutional investors, like mutual funds and pension plans, will be interested in a bitcoin ETF since they are not permitted to buy the currency itself.

They also believe mom and pop investors who do not want to store a large amount of bitcoin would be interested in the ETF.

"Most bitcoin losses have not been due to theft or hacking," Tyler Winklevoss said. "It has been due to user error. It is people forgetting their passwords or losing their keys."

Still the twins noted that security is a big issue for bitcoin, as a few exchanges have been hacked over the years.

Some of the firm's first hires for its exchange were security professionals. And they insist that security at exchanges has gotten much better over time.

 Security shouldn t be with this guy in the back office,  said Cameron Winklevoss.  He should be the most important person in the organization. 

Despite bitcoin's huge drop since its high of $1,163 in December 2013, the Winklevoss brothers still think the currency will hit $40,000 per unit in the future.

On Monday, bitcoin traded at $274.39 (182 pounds), up 7.47 percent on the day.

"We have never sold a bitcoin," Cameron Winklevoss said.

(Corrects 1st paragraph to clarify that the Winklevoss brothers, and not Winklevoss Capital, expect to get regulators  nod. Adds 3rd paragraph to include the name of the bitcoin exchange)

(Reporting by Gertrude Chavez-Dreyfuss and Jessica Toonkel; Editing by Phil Berlowitz) Snapchat adds news, entertainment content to messaging service SAN FRANCISCO Snapchat has partnered with CNN, ESPN and nine other media companies to feature videos and articles on its mobile messaging service, a move that heightens the competition with social networks such as Facebook Inc and Twitter Inc.

Snapchat's new Discover service features individual "channels" for its various media partners that include five to 10 stories a day, according to Snapchat, which announced the move on its official blog on Tuesday.

After 24 hours the stories disappear, in keeping with Snapchat's trademark feature of private messages that disappear a few seconds after they are viewed by users of the service.

The addition of news and entertainment content represents the latest expansion for Los Angeles-based Snapchat, which has become a popular communications tool for teenagers. In November, Snapchat partnered with online payments company Square to offer a service that lets users send money to each other.

The new Snapchat features reflect the growing competition among mobile messaging apps and social networks to entice users to spend more time on their free, advertising-supported services.

Snapchat did not disclose financial terms of the media partnerships for its Discover service, but a person familiar with the matter told Reuters that it involved revenue-share arrangements. Full-screen video ads will be interspersed throughout some of the stories.

Snapchat, which previously turned down a $3 billion offer to be acquired by Facebook according to another person with knowledge of the matter, has been valued at $10 billion in its most recent fundraising effort, according to media reports.

(Editing by Matthew Lewis) Does Google's Wireless Move Pave the Way for a Sprint/T-Mobile Merger? Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has partnered with Sprint (NYSE:S) and T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) to launch a wireless service.

The deal, which could turn the search giant into a fifth major wireless carrier, makes it possible for the company to sell inexpensive voice, text, and data service directly to consumers. The move should help the company sell more phones using its Android operating system and it could potentially cut into the customer base served by AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ).

Perhaps more importantly, the deal creates new competition within the oligopolistic wireless industry and it might cause the Federal Communications Commission to drop its opposition to a Sprint and T-Mobile merger. SoftBank, which owns the majority of Sprint, stopped pursuing the idea of combining the number three and number four wireless carriers in August, which FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler expressed his approval of in a statement.

"Four national wireless providers are good for American consumers," Wheeler wrote. "Sprint now has the opportunity to focus their efforts on robust competition."

The question now is whether Wheeler and the FCC consider Google's wireless efforts, which won't involve building out an expensive network of cell towers, a fifth player in the field.

How the Google service will work

Google won't be building a traditional wireless carrier as the costs and infrastructure needed for that would be prohibitive even for the tech leader. Instead, the company will be offering a service that sends data, text, and voice over Wi-Fi networks when possible and Sprint and T-Mobile's networks when it isn't.

The service will be similar to ones offered by super-low-cost carriers, such as FreedomPop and Republic Wireless.

"It's a very aggressive move," Dave Fraser, CEO of Devicescape, a company that is stitching together a network of millions of Wi-Fi hotspots worldwide, told The Wall Street Journal. "You can imagine Google driving down the price to be disruptive and paying for it with revenue from other services that the company already provides, like search and advertising."

Though the idea of primarily using Wi-Fi to deliver wireless service may seem far-fetched, it has been around for years -- albeit through smaller companies which have struggled to gain traction.

"Resellers, or people leasing the network from carriers, have been around for 15 years," Verizon Chief Financial Officer Fran Shammo said on a call with analysts after the Google announcement. "It's a complex issue."

How will the FCC see it?

Wheeler and his commission have not made any comment on the Google offering and it's likely that they will only take it seriously as competition to the big four wireless carriers if the service builds a significant audience.

Google certainly has the reach to do that. But it's likely that the search leader would have to sign up at least close to the 50 million plus customers now served by T-Mobile, the fourth largest carrier, for the FCC to consider it a player. That's a huge number, but Sprint seems to believe that Google could become a factor as it had a usage cap added into its contract with Google that would allow the company to renegotiate its deal if Google's service catches on, The Journal reported.

It's a question of growth

The challenge for Google is growing a service that benefits its partners enough that they don't decide to turn off the tap. Google needs Sprint and T-Mobile (or either AT&T or Verizon) or else it would have to build its own network.

Because a Google offering would leach customers from its partners as well as AT&T and Verizon, it seems unlikely that Sprint and Verizon will allow the company endless access to their networks. At some point the carriers will either shut off the spigot or raise prices to the point where it no longer makes sense for Google.

Of course, if consumers like the service, the FCC could find a way to help Google. It's unlikely the federal agency would force AT&T or Verizon to sell the search giant access to their networks (at least at the cheap price required to make the deal worthwhile to Google). It could, however, force Sprint and T-Mobile to allow unlimited expansion of their current deals with the tech company as a condition of allowing a merger.

This could solve a problem for the FCC

The FCC has opposed the Sprint and T-Mobile merger because it would lessen choice for American consumers. Having Google become a fourth choice while Sprint and T-Mobile join to become a much stronger number three could appeal to the federal agency.

It's also possible that the FCC will realize that neither Sprint nor T-Mobile will have the resources to keep up with AT&T and Verizon without combining forces.

Deutsche Telekom CEO Tim Hoettges, whose company owns the majority of T-Mobile, recently told Re/Code that despite the company's recent subscriber gains it still needs "greater scale in the U.S. to battle AT&T and Verizon."

"I was intrigued by the idea of having a combination with Sprint and being the 'super-maverick' in the market," Hoettges told the website. "I hope that the political environment will change at one point in time."

Hoettges remarks, while complimentary about the strides T-Mobile has made under CEO John Legere, acknowledged that the company would not spend forever.

"The question is always the economics in the long term ... and earning appropriate money," Hoettges said. "You have to earn your money back at one point in time."

This could happen

The FCC wants at least four major U.S. wireless carriers and Hoettges remarks suggest that it's not crazy to think that without a merger T-Mobile could ultimately go away. If Google ultimately needs more spectrum than an independent T-Mobile and Sprint want to sell it, then the FCC has its answer.

Allow the merger but force the combined company to make an unlimited, long-term sharing deal with Google at a good price. That would make the search giant a real player and would given Sprint and T-Mobile the resources to compete.

The American public would have four major carriers and AT&T and Verizon would have real competition. 
2015-06-22
High-tech trap to catch graffiti vandals in the act Sydney is deploying a high-tech system that literally sniffs out vandals on its rail network. The CEO of Sydney Trains, Howard Collins, calls the new system Mousetrap.

"So our new operation, Mousetrap, is what it says it does. It detects, covertly, people vandalizing our trains," he said.

When a graffiti attack is taking place, a sensor in the carriage acts like an electronic nose, detecting the presence of paint fumes. An alarm is sent to the railway security office, where they can see live video of the offender in action. The alarm even indicates whether a marker pen or paint is being used. Meanwhile, the rail network control room tracks the train's location while the crime is still taking place. Undercover police officers pounce and arrest the offender.

"This is a trial. We've been trialing this technology since late last year. It really has been successful. We've had over 70 instances of this kit being triggered. We've had 50 people being charged with offences. And as we roll it out now to other trains it's proving even more successful," Collins said.

A sensor is hidden in the wall of the train. When a marker pen or aerosol paint fumes come near it, a signal is sent to the digital processor, which analyses the chemical footprint of the fumes. When vapor levels match a known type of pen or paint, it sends the alarm.

Mark Byers' company, Technique Risk, who developed Moustrap, says "the strength of the system is the fact security personnel or police can monitor the system in the field with a mobile phone. The information that they receive is the train or carriage number, the location the event is occurring and also where that train is going to."

"One of the difficulties before this kit was available, often we only found the vandalism and graffiti when the train returned to the depot where they're repaired or cleaned. But now we're building a profile of where and when these incidents occur. So the police already have the intelligence and the information to say, this is where this is likely to occur and this is the time of day," said Collins.

Since Mousetrap began operating in Sydney, the number of offenders being caught has been far higher than authorities expected. Most of the city's trains are now graffiti-free, while the offenders are being stopped in their tracks. 
2015-03-29
How Google, Facebook And Others Pay Their H-1B Employees Editor s note: Kiran Dhillon is a senior editor for FindTheBest, where she tackles big datasets to produce interesting insights.

Legislative debate regarding expanding the H-1B visa program is heating up in the U.S. Senate. H-1B visas allow foreign workers   specifically those in technical roles to legally work in the United States. In lobbying for an expansion of the current H-1B visa program, Google executive Eric Schmidt said,  We take very, very smart people, bring them into the country, give them a diploma and kick them out where they go on to create companies that compete with us. 

Amid this discussion, jobs at Google, Facebook and other tech giants have grown increasingly lucrative for Americans and foreigners alike.

An analysis of records from the Office of Foreign Labor Certification (OFLC) reveals that the median salary offered to H-1B applicants by some of the biggest tech companies   Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google and Microsoft   is well over $100K and continues to rise.

Facebook has been the most lucrative company for H-1B visa holders thus far in 2015 (of the five companies above), with a median salary of $135K across all positions. But how do the companies stack up for specific roles?

By examining the most common professions among H-1B applicants for Amazon, Apple, Facebook, Google and Microsoft, five consistent career paths emerged across each company. Software engineers, systems software engineers, financial analysts, computer systems analysts and marketing managers make up a large part of H-1B visa applications.

Salaries for software engineers largely echo the overall trends, with Facebook offering the highest median salary and Amazon paying the lowest.

For financial analysts, we see the biggest outlier among all five job types, with Facebook s median H-1B salary 46 percent higher than the next highest median salary (Microsoft).

Meanwhile, median H-1B salaries for computer systems analysts cover a much smaller range, with the most generous company (Google) paying only $23,100 more than the least generous (Amazon). The computer systems analyst role is also notable for being the only job for which Facebook is among the bottom two for foreign worker pay.

Foreign systems software engineers may want to avoid Microsoft, where we find our second biggest outlier. Microsoft pays these H-1B employees a median salary of just $82,828, 27 percent less than the next lowest paying company (Amazon).

For marketing managers, Microsoft once again places last, but the difference here is not quite as extreme as with computer systems analysts. Microsoft simply pays a median rate of 10 percent less than Amazon and Apple.

Finally, how do these companies stack up to other H-1B employers?

According to 2014 s salary distribution, they re among the highest-paying, but certainly not the highest of all. About 7,000 H-1B applicants last year were offered salaries upwards of $200K.

You can see the distribution of H-1B salaries across all U.S. companies below.

Note: All data cited in this piece represents median salary information from H-1B visa Labor Condition Applications (LCAs). H-1B visa LCAs should not be confused with granted H-1Bs. After an LCA is approved, the company can enter their applicants into the H-1B visa lottery. Statistics on granted H-1B visas are not available through the OFLC.

Featured Image: oleschwander/Shutterstock 
2015-12-16
Google to Make Driverless Cars an Alphabet Company in 2016 Google Inc. plans to make its self-driving cars unit, which will offer rides for hire, a stand-alone business under the Alphabet Inc. corporate umbrella next year, a person briefed on the company s strategy said.

Google s autonomous vehicles have logged more than 1 million miles (1.6 million kilometers) on public roads, mostly around San Francisco and Austin, Texas, making these cities logical places for launching a service, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the plans are private. The fleets  -- which would include a range of large and small vehicles -- could be deployed first in confined areas like college campuses, military bases or corporate office parks, the person said.

The race to develop a self-driving vehicle fleet has intensified since February when Bloomberg reported that Google was developing a rival to Uber Technologies Inc., most likely in conjunction with its driverless-car project. Uber is pursuing its own autonomous capabilities, while automakers are deploying semi-autonomous technologies while experimenting with so-called shared mobility.

By challenging ride-sharing pioneers like Uber and Lyft Inc., as well as traditional taxis, Google is providing the clearest indication yet how it plans to make money from self-driving automotive technologies that it began testing in 2009. Google spokeswoman Gina Scigliano declined to comment.

While polls show a third of U.S. consumers are interested in buying self-driving cars, the rest are skittish because they re worried about losing control, said Thilo Koslowski, vice president and automotive practice leader at Gartner Inc.

 These potential ride-for-hire services could allow consumers to experience the technology and embrace it in a bigger way,  he said.  That would help not just Google but the entire industry. 

In August, the Mountain View, California-based company reorganized itself into a conglomerate called Alphabet. The company said it plans to spin out several of its advanced-technology units into stand-alone companies within the Alphabet portfolio, including its robotics division, its health-care company Verily, the Google Ventures and Google Capital investment firms, Google Inc., the search-engine company, and Nest, which produces intelligent smoke alarms and thermostats. The self-driving car unit now resides in the research division called Google X.

Auto-Industry Veteran



In September, Google X hired John Krafcik, an auto-industry veteran, as chief executive officer of its cars project. Krafcik was then working as president of TrueCar Inc., the online auto-shopping service. He d previously been a senior sales executive at Hyundai Motor Co. and a truck engineer at Ford Motor Co. He didn t respond to an e-mailed request for comment.

When announcing Krafcik s hiring in September, Google said it had no immediate plans to make self-driving cars a free-standing business unit, but that it was  a good candidate to become one at some point in the future.  Google executives have said they have no plans to mass-produce cars and trucks.

In the meantime, Uber is spending some of the more than $10 billion it has raised in private markets to develop self-driving cars. Uber has recruited dozens of autonomous-vehicle researchers from Carnegie Mellon University s robotics program and in June hired Brian McClendon, Google s former vice president of engineering, to run Uber s Advanced Technologies Center. But Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick acknowledged at a conference in October that Google has the lead in developing a robot car.

Google executives have said they re interested in self-driving cars primarily to reduce traffic accidents, which claim about 33,000 lives in the U.S. each year.

Service Strategy

Google and Alphabet co-founder Sergey Brin suggested in September that self-driving cars could first appear in the form of a service, saying it would let a lot of people try the technology and that having  the vehicle come back to us every day  meant Google could rapidly update the machines.

Besides offering its own ride-for-hire service, Google probably will to try to capitalize on self-driving research in two other ways, said Mark Boyadjis, an analyst at IHS Automotive. First, the company may pump the same ads into self-driving cars that appear on Google s search engine, and second, it may be able to profit through licensing arrangements that let traditional automakers participate in its ride-sharing and other self-driving services, he said. That presents the automakers with a difficult choice, Boyadjis said.

 There are reasons to work with Google and also reasons to want to keep them out of the mix,  he said.  If the automakers aren t careful, customers won t be having a Lexus experience. They ll be having a Google experience. 

Car Companies

Detroit automakers already are jumping into the fray. Ford Motor Co. said yesterday it will begin testing fully autonomous Fusion hybrid sedans on public roads in California next year. It s also testing a ride-hailing service called Go Ride on its Dearborn, Michigan, campus, using customized Ford Transit vans with individual seats and Wi-Fi.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

At the same time, automakers are bringing more pieces of self-driving technology to market while insisting that the driver is responsible for the vehicle s operation and may need to take control of the steering wheel in challenging situations. Tesla Motors Inc. in October rolled out its Autopilot suite that can drive on well-tended highways and change lanes safely without the driver taking the wheel. General Motors Co. will offer its similar Super Cruise technology on the 2017 Cadillac CT6.

In August, Morgan Stanley analyst Adam Jonas said Tesla could triple its revenue by 2029 by launching its own on-demand mobility service. That prospect was enough for Jonas to boost his price target for Tesla to $465 from $280. The stock closed Tuesday at $221.09. Musk declined to discuss the idea when Jonas has brought it up in conference calls. Google Pushes Ahead With Search for New Users in India NEW DELHI Sundar Pichai, chief executive of Alphabet Inc. s Google, on Wednesday outlined the technology titan s plan to increase Internet access in India, underscoring its focus on the world s second-most-populous country.

A partnership with the Indian government to offer free Wi-Fi at railway stations across the country is on track to open in 100 stations by the end of 2016, Mr. Pichai said during his first official visit to the... 
2015-05-07
Chinese authorities visit Uber's Chengdu office An employee works inside the office of U.S. online cab-hailing company Uber, on the outskirts of New Delhi, India, April 24, 2015. REUTERS/Anindito Mukherjee

SHANGHAI Authorities in China's southwestern city of Chengdu visited the offices of Uber on Wednesday as part of a new investigation into the online taxi-hailing service, a spokeswoman for Chengdu's transportation commission said.

The visit is the second made by authorities to Uber's China offices in the last week. The official Xinhua news agency said on Friday Guangzhou authorities raided Uber's office there on suspicion of an "unlicensed operation".

"A few of our departments visited Uber's offices to conduct interviews or an investigation," the spokeswoman, who gave only her surname, said on Thursday.

Ren said she did not know the details of the investigation.

A spokeswoman for Uber in China said the visit was routine, citing a statement from the Transport Committee of Chengdu quoted by Chinese media. She did not provide more details.

"There are no disruptions to the Uber platform and it's business as usual," she said in a statement.

Uber, which has been valued at an estimated $40 billion, is a comparative latecomer in China, where the number of mobile taxi-hailing app users is forecast to triple to 45 million by 2015 from 2013, according to Chinese research firm iResearch.

Domestic firms Kuaidi Dache and Didi Dache, backed by tech giants Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Tencent Holdings Ltd respectively, have 90 percent of the market sewn up. The two said in February they would merge.

(Reporting by Brenda Goh; Additional Reporting by Shanghai Newsroom; Editing by Paul Tait) Can Anyone but Carl Icahn Find Value in Voltari (VLTC)? News

One word has come to define the success or failure of an earnings report coming out of any social media company, or any company related to online advertising, for that matter.

Mobile.

That s the beginning and the end of what the markets are focused on. In a classic case of anticipating changes that already seem obvious, the collective shift away from PCs and towards mobile platforms means that successfully growing your brand on mobile platforms is what truly matters. For Facebook (FB) , Twitter (TWTR) , Google (GOOG) , and any other consumer-facing website or tech company, a clear plan for carving out a piece of the rapidly expanding mobile audience is what investors are really looking for.

It s that euphoria surrounding mobile advertising that likely helped micro-cap mobile advertising company Voltari (VLTC) explode over the last month.

Voltari Stock s Inexplicable Spike

Since the end of March, Voltari has clocked gains that make it a more-than ten bagger, gaining over 1,000% and going from under a dollar a share to just short of $10. That s a pretty ridiculous gain over such a short time period, particularly when you consider that the current share price is coming after it peaked in late April. Since hitting its 52-week high of $21.75 on April 22, the stock is actually down 54.25% in a little over a week. That would mean from the end of March to its peak, the stock gained an eye-popping 2053.47%.

What makes this all the more fascinating is that it didn t come with the sort of massive earnings beat or buyout rumor that one would normally associate with a huge spike like that. The inciting event appears to be that legendary investor Carl Icahn, already an investor in the company, had taken advantage of a recent rights offering to boost his stake in the company by some 4.06 million shares.

The rights offering allowed existing shareholders to purchase new shares, and Icahn snatched up almost all of the new shares offered. Icahn reported the increase in his holding on 3/31, also revealing that with the new shares his stake in the company had jumped from just under 30% to just over 52%.

Icahn-Do Spirit Raises Investor Confidence

Must be nice, huh? Being Carl Icahn, I mean. You make a big investment and then the investment you made increases in value ten-fold in a month simply because you made the investment. Generating massive returns just by being yourself is a pretty nifty trick.

However, before you get too excited for Icahn, it should be noted that his investments in this company haven t always been so successful. Icahn had initially invested $50 million in the company back in 2007, when it was still private and operated under the name Motricity. The company IPOed in 2010 and, after peaking at more-than $300 a share (adjusting for a 1:10 stock split in April of 2013) around Thanksgiving of that year, plunged to just over $0.60 a share by late 2014.

Suffice to say, Icahn had already been burned   and burned badly   by Voltari. However, the fact that Icahn was willing to go back to that well appears to have gotten investors very excited about the company s prospects. More likely, Icahn s majority stake has been what truly boosted market confidence in the company. More than an activist investor, Icahn s poised to be calling the shots.

A Legitimate Player, or Just Smoke and Mirrors?

What s missing from all of this is any discussion of what Voltari actually does. Why was Icahn ready to jump into this stock and take over the company? What value is he seeing there that no one else appears to have seen since 2010? That s where things get murkier.

Information on Voltari is relatively hard to come by. Take, for instance, this woefully terse description provided by Reuters. Sure, it s a mobile advertising firm, but there has to be more to it than that if Carl Icahn s sniffing around, right?

Paulo Santos, writing in a Seeking Alpha piece, strongly implies that the run up for the stock was driven purely by investors failing to realize that Icahn was expanding his existing stake rather than opting to buy into the penny stock for the first time. However, it s hard to assume that the sort of move in question, involving millions of shares moved and a market cap that remains over $70 million higher than it was before the news of Icahn s increased stake, could be motivated purely by confused investors.

In the event that Santos  assertions are correct, namely that Icahn is simply throwing good money after bad to prop up a bad company and that the buying frenzy was driven entirely by those ignorant of his existing position, the persistent ignorance of buyers would be pretty odd. Most of the news coverage of Icahn s expanded stake at the time correctly identified the nature of Icahn s position in the company, and the stock continued gaining for weeks. That said, given that there doesn t appear to be any other major news out that might explain the rapid growth, and the rapid pullback after the stock peaked would seem to indicate at least some of the fervor was misplaced.

All told, even if some traders leapt on the Icahn news without truly understanding what it meant, it would also be a mistake to attribute the entirety of the move simply to confusion. The size of the move, involving millions of shares trading hands over three full weeks and an increase in share prices that, even after a huge sell off, remains at nearly ten times the price before the buying spree, should indicate that plenty of interest in the stock, whether rational or not, was due to more than simple ignorance.

It could be that investors were genuinely bullish on the stock after Icahn gained a majority stake, giving him the ability to take more direct control. They could also be reading into Icahn s renewed interest as a sign that the company s genuinely poised to turn things around and become a major player in a huge growth market. Either way, the idea that enough major buyers are involved to keep a share price near $10   more than a month after the inciting incident, mind you   is a little hard to believe.

Whatever the Future Holds, Don t Expect Another Voltari Spike

Even if you firmly believe that Carl Icahn is a genius whose interest in the company signifies that it has a bright future, getting in now would involve paying a price about ten times what Icahn did. Would Carl Icahn have any interest in the stock at this price? It s impossible to know for sure   but it seems unlikely.

In fact, it wouldn t be shocking if the next disclosure of Icahn s holdings reveals that he started jettisoning shares at some point after they had spiked over 2,000%, providing another potential explanation for the hard peak and rapid sell-off in late April. That s purely speculative at this point, but any investor into a company that is experiencing a major a spike like that after wildly underperforming over the last decade who is not at least considering selling would have to be a little nuts.

That said, there s clearly a ton of potential in the market for targeted mobile ads. The desire to get a piece of what is clearly on the right side of a rapidly changing media landscape is undoubtedly a big part of what created the enthusiasm necessary for this kind of spike. If Icahn s expanded investment came because he genuinely believes Voltari can become a major player in its industry, and he s right, Voltari might still be a pretty solid buy   even at $10.

At this point, it s entirely impossible to say for sure. Regardless, it does seem like a relatively safe bet that whatever happens with this stock over the next month, it s not going to involve another rapid spike like the one we just saw. If anything, even an interested investor might be well served by waiting this one out. Of course, that would have seemed like smart advice sometime around the end of March, too, so take it with a grain of salt.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer 
2015-08-12
Google's Multi-Class Stock Structure Made Alphabet Move Unique FILE   In this May 15, 2013 file photo, Google co-founder and CEO Larry Page speaks during the keynote presentation at Google I/O 2013 in San Francisco. Google may have to pay more than half a billion dollars for an unorthodox stock split aimed at ensuring co-founders Page and Sergey Brin retain control over the Internet?s most profitable company. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File) Associated Press

Google s molding into Alphabet Inc. may be uniquely possible because of the company s rare stock-holding structure, where its founders control the direction of the business without majority economic ownership of the company s stock.

From a governance perspective, investors could view  Alphabet less as a public company than a public-private company hybrid,  John Wilson, head of corporate governance at Cornerstone Capital Group said in a blog post.

Because the company has an unequal voting structure the founders of Google are able uniquely able to take risky bets on new technology, while simultaneously growing the company s mature search and advertising business, Mr. Wilson said. The move to reorganize under the Alphabet holding company makes this structure more transparent.

Google s founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin no longer have majority ownership of their company s stock, but maintain control through a three-class share structure. Google s Class A shares are held by regular investors, while Class B super-voting shares carry 10 times as many votes for the founders. Class C shares have no voting rights, typically held by employees granted stock and Class A stockholders.

 The founders have been very thoughtful about how they structured and run the business,  said Lise Buyer, founder at Class V Group in Silicon Valley, which advises companies getting ready to go public.  I suspect part of this structure is insuring that the reins remain firmly in the hands of Larry, Sergey and Eric. Google s operations will be under the auspices of its own team, but the founders will still drive the vision and the overarching direction, if not the day-to-day management. 

Google said it wouldn t comment beyond its Alphabet blog post.

Dual class shares have been unpopular with investors for years amid concerns that such companies would be less responsive to shareholder demands. But Google s 2004 IPO sparked a trend of dual-class technology companies, including Zynga, Facebook and Groupon

Dual class shares are more common in companies controlled by founders, like Warren Buffett s Berkshire Hathaway, and the new structure makes Alphabet look much more like that.

 Google s Alphabet sounds like a 21st century Berkshire Hathaway,  LinkedIn CEO Jeff Weiner said on Twitter this week.

Write to Emily Chasan at emily.chasan@wsj.com. Google's Alphabet doesn't include N for Niantic Labs Google's newly-created parent company Alphabet apparently has room for only one "N" brand -- Ingress and Field Trip creator Niantic Labs is telling users that it's becoming an independent company. Google will stick around as a supporter, but there will be "amazing new partners" helping out in the near future. Although the company is shy about where it's going (we're told you'll hear more "in the weeks ahead"), it plans to stick to its exploration-minded projects. You shouldn't expect a major shift in direction any time soon, in other words, although you can opt out of transferring your data by September 11th if you're skittish about the whole thing. What's In A Name? Google's Alphabet Play Isn't The First Corporate Retitling Most companies struggle to excite investors at all, let alone add $20 billion to their market cap overnight. For Google, it was as easy as ABC.

That might be simplifying a bit, but the stock did surge after the tech giant announced Monday that it will be folding into a bigger corporate structure named Alphabet as it splits its core business -- still called Google -- from ambitious bets in other sectors and arenas.

The move will supposedly offer investors more transparency by disclosing some financials for the so-called moonshots as well as pure numbers from the core business, but the jury is still out. Still, the move and re-naming prompted a big jump in the company's stock.

Google's new name sent us down memory lane looking for other big companies that started life under one moniker before changing the name above the door, and it turns out quite a few well-known names of today aren't originals. In fact, Google itself wasn't born as Google.

Google (formerly BackRub)

Monday's announcement doesn't mark Google s first name change: the search engine started as BackRub back in 1996. In 1997, founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin changed the name to Google (thankfully -- imagine saying 'Can you BackRub that for me?).

BlackBerry (formerly Research In Motion)

Know of any BlackBerry products besides, well, the BlackBerry? Didn t think so.

That s exactly why Research In Motion adopted the iconic BlackBerry name in 2013, in a move that many investors and analysts thought was long overdue and likely too late to make a real difference for its fading business prospects.

Best Buy (formerly Sound of Music)

Sound of Music, a music store founded by Richard Shulze in St. Paul Minnesota in 1966, quickly took off. The store raked in $1 million in revenue in its first year, conducted an IPO in 1969, and was operating nine Minnesota stores by 1978. Then in 1981, a tornado hit the largest Sound of Music store. In the aftermath of the storm, the store hosted a blow-out  best buys  sale in the parking lot and managed to attract enough customers to double their sales. In 1983, the company formally changed its name to Best Buy.

Apple Inc. (formerly Apple Computer)

When Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak created Apple in 1976 they launched it with the name Apple Computer, because it was making computers. Makes sense. But by 2007 the company had moved into portable music players (the iPod), smartphones (iPhone) and other products. So in 2007 Jobs announced he was nixing the word  computer  from Apple s name.

Nissan (U.S.) (formerly Datsun)

When Japanese carmaker Nissan entered the U.S. market 1958, it launched under the Datsun name. That way, if the venture failed, it wasn t associated with the Nissan brand. It turned out to be so successful Nissan wanted the credit and rebranded all Datsuns as Nissans, reportedly costing the company hundreds of millions of dollars.

America Online (formerly Quantum Computer Services)

Here s another tech industry history lesson. In 1985, the business that would bring millions of people online in the years to come operated as the Internet services division of Quantum Computer Services, a software company that actually partnered with Apple to launch the Macintosh computer in 1988. In 1989, Apple and Quantum parted ways and Quantum changed its name to America Online. (Years later, after the disastrous merger with Time Warner, America Online would rebrand itself as simply AOL.)

Exxon (formerly Esso)

Exxon has a long and tangled history -- the business itself emerged out of the Supreme Court-mandated breakup of the Standard Oil monopoly -- but up until 1972 you wouldn't have seen that name on any gas stations.

In 1926, Jersey Standard (one of the Standard Oil descendants) launched a new oil under the familiar trade name  Esso,  derived from the  S  and  O  in Standard Oil. But the Supreme Court order banned descendant companies from using the Standard Oil name in some 20 states, and "Esso" was just too close. So in 1972 the company swapped s's for x's and Exxon was born.

Nintendo (formerly Marafuku Company)

When Nintendo was first founded back in 1889, video games weren t a thing. The company was launched as a card game company under the name Marafuku Company. In 1951, it changed its name to Nintendo Playing Card Company (while the direct translation of "Nintendo" is disputed, the word is assumed to mean "leave luck to heaven"). As the company expanded its products, it dropped the  playing cards  and became Nintendo in 1963.

Outerwall (formerly Coinstar)

The name Coinstar made sense in the beginning, it was straight and to the point: Coinstar kiosks counted your coins and gave you dollars. But as the company grew and launched DVD rental kiosk Redbox, the name wasn t so on-point. In 2013, the Coinstar umbrella officially adopted the Outerwall name and even changed its trading symbol to OUTR from CSTR.

Nike (formerly Blue Ribbon Sports)

Nike was founded as Blue Ribbon Sports, a shoe distributor for Onitsuka Tiger (now Asics), in 1964. In 1971, the company's first employee, Jeff Johnson, proposed they change the store's name to Nike, the name of the Greek winged goddess of victory.

Allegis (the once and future United Airlines)

After the U.S. deregulated its airline industry in 1979, United CEO Richard Ferris went on a buying spree, acquiring Hertz and the Westin and Hilton hotel chains. His grand vision included a full rebranding of the empire as Allegis, including the airline. That only lasted for a hot minute though, as investor backlash prompted a quick reversion in 1988. Google restructuring has Delaware roots The Google headquarters in Mountain View, California, is shown on Jan. 3, 2013. The tech giant on Monday announced it will become part of a holding company called Alphabet, an arrangement that s the product of arcane Delaware law. (Photo: Marcio Jose Sanchez, Associated Press)

Google Inc. s new operating structure announced earlier this week was made possible by a little-known section of the Delaware General Corporation Law.

The Mountain View, California, company   which since 2003 has been incorporated in Delaware   created a holding company called Alphabet Inc. to own its units outside of Google s core Internet products.

Calico, Google s medical research firm; Nest, which makes web-connected appliances; Google X research labs, which is responsible for Google Glass; Fiber, which is building high-speed broadband networks in several cities; and the company s venture and capital investment firms will fall under the Alphabet umbrella.

Google will be folded into Alphabet while continuing to operate its trademark search engine, as well as other Internet properties. Alphabet will replace Google, a company with a $226 billion capitalization, as the publicly-traded entity.

All Google shareholders will receive the same number of Alphabet shares. Alphabet also is incorporated in Delaware.

CEO and co-founder Larry Page on Monday said the change will provide more independence for the divisions. Analysts said the move may also be a nod to Wall Street demands for more fiscal accountability.

According to Google s Securities & Exchange Commission filing, the restructuring will be conducted under a part Delaware General Corporation Law called Section 251(g), which says a company incorporated in the state can create and merge with a holding company without shareholder consent.

Although Section 251 has undergone some changes in recent years, the specific statute permitting Google to complete the transaction has not been modified, said Matthew O Toole, an attorney with Wilmington firm Potter Anderson & Corroon and chairman of the Delaware State Bar Association s corporate law section.

O Toole said that the publicity surrounding Google s restructuring highlights some of the DGCL s advantages, but noted corporate attorneys and executives have been aware of those benefits for some time.

 Section 251(g) has been around for a long time,  he said.  There is nothing new about it about and I m sure Google s advisers were aware of it. This is not a novel transaction. 

Delaware School of Law Professor Lawrence Hamermesh said a merger conducted under Section 251(g) is to subject to the same legal standards as traditional mergers requiring shareholder approval.

 The board and directors still have to approve the transaction and the same rules that could apply to any merger apply here,  he said.

Charles Elson, a professor of corporate governance at the University of Delaware, said Google shareholders will have the same amount of shares in Alphabet and company management will remain the same.

 It is basically a renaming of the enterprise,  Elson said.  It s an internal consolidation that doesn t effect the ownership or management. We are just getting more transparency. 

Elson said that since Google shareholders have few voting rights, its unlikely the transaction could generate a lawsuit in the Delaware Court of Chancery, the nation s preeminent arena for resolving corporate disputes.

Google offers three class of stock. Class A stock affords shareholders one vote, while Class C stock does not include any voting rights. The company issues Class B stock, which offers 10 votes per share, but that stock is only available to Google insiders and management. So even if a shareholder wanted to block the transaction, it would be difficult.

The voting rights related to all three stock shares are detailed in Google s stock purchase agreement and regulatory filings.

 There is nothing investors can do to oppose the transaction,  Elson said.  They gave up their voting rights when they bought the stock. 

If a lawsuit is filed, the transaction s fate could be decided where it begin   Delaware. But since Google announced the creation of Alphabet, no shareholder has filed a lawsuit protesting the transaction.

Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1Ts3olu The Pros And Cons Of Google's Alphabet Holding Company By now investors are well aware of Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s plans to form a holding company called Alphabet. Most analysts like the idea, but what are the pros and cons of the situation?

Erich Joachimsthaler, founder and CEO of Vivaldi Partners Group, has some answers. His company has worked with a number of major brands, including AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T), Sears Holdings Corp (NASDAQ: SHLD) and SAMSUNG ELECT LTD(F) (OTC: SSNLF).

Pros

"It is good because it helps to speed up making acquisitions," Joachimsthaler told Benzinga. "There is now no longer a need to integrate acquisitions, match cultures and go through lengthy post-merger acquisition efforts."

Related Link: Altucher Asks: Why Did Google Create Alphabet?

Joachimsthaler said there was a time when size mattered through scale and scope -- today is "far less of an advantage."

"Incumbency never has been as irrelevant," he added. "McDonald's is large in size, but it makes the company slow to change. Google is a technology company in an industry where speed is even more important than in other sectors."

Thus, Joachimsthaler believes Alphabet will help Google innovate in areas that go beyond its core business.

"This allows them to focus on innovation efforts while also diversifying the innovations into new areas that currently don't have a fit with the overall Google business, but will fit well into Alphabet," said Joachimsthaler. It may also have an impact on the company's recruiting efforts.

"It helps to attract talent that might not fit into the unique culture of Google, but might fit into another culture," Joachimsthaler explained. "As we know, culture eats strategy for breakfast. Alphabet now has the freedom to create unique cultures that support business models or operating models that are far different than the 'Google' culture. It also gives top executives the opportunity to shape their own cultures."

Related Link: Is Tesla The Google Of Its Sector?

Cons

Joachimsthaler said that one downside is that Google will have to maintain and support individual brands underneath the Alphabet structure.

"From a branding perspective, this is more costly than building a single brand," he said. "But Google does not really care. It built the Google brand with hardly any advertising spending, so it knows how to efficiently and effectively build its brand."

Despite that one concern, Joachimsthaler thinks Google will ultimately succeed.

"This corporate structure will work," he concluded. "It is a rather painless exercise relative to the alternative -- mergers and integration. Integrating large, existing businesses into Google is time-consuming, unattractive and costly. The Alphabet structure simplifies. Simplicity wins!"

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Alphabet Erich Joachimsthaler Google Vivaldi Partners GroupExclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Google may face lawsuit as BMW owns Alphabet rights BMW on Tuesday said it was looking into whether Google infringed any trademark rights after the Silicon Valley-based group set up a new company called Alphabet, which is also the name of a BMW subsidiary.

"We are examining whether there are any implications over trademarks," a BMW spokeswoman said on Tuesday. The spokeswoman said there were currently no plans to take legal steps against Google.

Also read: Google becomes Alphabet, investors make merry



BMW's Alphabet, which provides services to companies with vehicle fleets, operates in 18 countries and supplies 530,000 vehicles to corporate customers.

Google was not immediately available for comment.

Also read: Google may lend in legal trouble over Alphabet name



A legal dispute is unlikely since Google made clear in its announcement on Monday that in creating a parent company called Alphabet Inc, it was not intending to build products and brands under that name.

Also read: Here is how Sundar Pichai became Google CEO



Google has picked a name that is also a fairly common brand among American businesses. There are currently 103 trademark registrations in the United States that include the word "alphabet" or some close variation, according to a database search of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office.

To prove a trademark infringement, a trademark owner would have to show that the new Alphabet created a "likelihood of confusion" among consumers between the two brands. This could occur if both brands offered similar goods and services.

Also read: Satya Nadella and other top executives congratulate Google's new CEO Sundar Pichai

 
2015-02-17
Google Needs To Deliver In 2015  Samsung Electronics earmarking cash for growth, including M&A SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd aims to use its $56 billion cash pile to fund growth including acquisitions, the tech giant's investor relations chief said, even as more shareholders clamor for bigger dividends.

While the South Korean company's profit declined in 2014 for the first time in three years as its lead in smartphones was challenged by Apple Inc, investors were cheered by a 40 percent dividend boost and its first share buyback since 2007.

But Robert Yi, Samsung's head of investor relations, signaled that shareholders should not expect the same in 2015 as the company keeps its focus on growth.

"Dividends and other forms of shareholder returns are responsibilities that the company has for shareholders, so we will make efforts to meet them. But our primary objective is growth and that is what we are communicating to our shareholders," Yi told Reuters in an interview.

Samsung has become an increasingly active shopper, striking 10 deals in two years. Even so, its purchases have been small, prompting calls from some investors for bigger deals to revive growth momentum.

"We are primarily focused on M&A deals for companies that would be good fits to Samsung's current businesses, and we believe that know-how and experience accrued from such transactions will make bigger M&A deals possible going forward," Yi said.

Samsung Electronics held cash of 61.8 trillion won ($56.14 billion) at the end of 2014.

Yi said more value fund managers had bought Samsung shares over the past year as its share price and earnings declined.

"Their main interest is to increase long-term value through shareholder returns policies, so they have been calling for more dividends and share buybacks," he said.

Yi declined to comment specifically on plans for buybacks or dividends. A person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Feb. 10 that Samsung would probably pay out less this year than in 2014.

South Korean companies are notoriously parsimonious when it comes to dividends. Seoul-listed shares tend to trade at discounts to peers.

Yi said Samsung planned to strengthen shareholder outreach, making top management more available to institutional investors and holding more public events.

It also wanted to boost investment by foreign retail investors to help build consumer loyalty. Samsung, which does not have American Depositary Receipts, in 2013 arranged a program with Bank of America Merrill Lynch that allows U.S. retail investors to invest directly in its shares. Samsung declined to comment on how many investors acquired its stock through the program.

Samsung shares fell to multi-year lows in October but have recovered and were up 3.8 percent in 2015 based on Tuesday's closing level.

($1 = 1,100.8700 won)

(Editing by Tony Munroe and Stephen Coates) Will Google Inc. and Microsoft's Free Cloud Storage Wars Kill Box Inc.? Cloud storage is now cheaper than ever, thanks to the ongoing pricing war between Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and several other rivals.

Microsoft recently offered 100 GB of cloud storage on its OneDrive service for two years -- a $48 value based on its regular monthly price of $1.99 -- to users who sign up for a free Bing Rewards account. Bing Rewards is a program that rewards Bing search users with points that can be redeemed for gift cards or other items.

Meanwhile, Google started offering users an additional 2 GB of permanent space in exchange for completing a "security checkup" on their Drive accounts. Dropbox also offered users an additional gigabyte of storage to users who installed Mailbox, its own email client.

All of those freebies seem great for customers, but where does that leave cloud storage company Box (NYSE:BOX), which has soared 43% from its IPO price of $14? Will this aggressive pricing war eventually destroy its core business?

Boxing Box into a corner

Google and Microsoft can afford to take losses on free cloud storage to tether more users to their ecosystems. Google wants to increase user dependence on its ecosystem, so sitewide ads increase in value and search traffic gets funneled to its search engine. Microsoft needs OneDrive to act as the gateway to its paid cloud services, such as Office 365, Azure, and Dynamics CRM -- which together posted 114% year-over-year revenue growth last quarter.

As a result, Google and Microsoft are undercutting Box's free and paid offerings. A free user at Box gets 10GB of storage, compared with 15 GB at OneDrive and Google Drive.

Box charges $10 per month for 100 GB of storage. But both OneDrive and Google Drive charge $2 per month for 100 GB, and Google offers a whopping 1 TB of storage for just $10 per month.

Then how does Box make money?

Between last March and its IPO filing last month, Box's total registered users climbed from 25 million to 32 million, while paid customers -- including Procter & Gamble and General Electric -- rose from 34,000 to 44,000.

Box stated that during the first nine months of 2014, 60% of new orders came from new enterprise customers (with over 1,000 employees) or the addition of new services to existing accounts. It had a retention rate, or the percentage of renewals or sales of additional services, of 130% -- indicating that its current customers aren't planning to switch to Microsoft or Google's solutions anytime soon.

That's probably because Box offers Salesforce and NetSuite integration, which lets enterprise customers synchronize their files with other enterprise platforms and collaborate on large-scale projects. Those enterprise tools give it clout among larger businesses and are the reason that 99% of its customer base consists of employees of Fortune 500 companies.

Enterprise muscle isn't everything

However, there are some big flaws with Box's business model. Box's revenue rose 70% year over year to $57 million last quarter, but it posted a net loss of $45.4 million -- a slight improvement from a loss of $51.4 million a year earlier. Operating expenses climbed 30% to $242 million, with 63% being spent on sales and marketing to win over new customers.

Meanwhile, Google, Microsoft, and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) have all taken steps to render third-party cloud storage solutions such as Box irrelevant. Apple saves and open files from Pages, Keynote, and Numbers to its iCloud service by default in iOS. Google Android devices automatically backup files to Google Drive. Both the cloud-based and mobile versions of Microsoft Office save files to OneDrive by default on iOS and Windows.

The main theme here is easy to spot -- all three companies are making it awkward, if not pointless, to rely on Box for productivity needs.

Will Windows 10 deliver the killing blow?

Looking ahead, Microsoft is the greatest threat to Box. When it launches Windows 10 later this year as a free upgrade for Windows 7 and 8 users, it will push enterprise customers to use OneDrive as their default cloud storage service for PCs, tablets, and mobile devices. For many companies, it'll be an attractive option -- they'll get a free OS upgrade, lots of storage, and seamless integration with familiar Office apps.

As these companies upgrade their systems for free, they'll become more tightly tethered to Microsoft's cloud-based ecosystem instead of Box's app, causing it to lose enterprise customers. Box will probably retaliate by spending more money on marketing, but consumer's price expectations for cloud storage will keep dropping as Microsoft and Google race each other to the bottom of the market.

In the end, Box could find it impossible to ever turn a profit as its expenses surge and it loses both pricing power and market share. Comcast fight with upstart Spanish station is grist for merger foes WASHINGTON A fight between an upstart Spanish language TV network and Comcast Corp has provided more ammunition for critics who fear Comcast would gain too much market power if its buyout of Time Warner Cable Inc goes ahead, antitrust attorneys said.

Formed by the son of a Mexican immigrant in 2009, Estrella TV currently is distributed by Comcast in 16 markets on an unreimbursed, "must carry" basis under a contract that ends Thursday in Houston, Denver and Salt Lake City. The channel competes for viewers with Comcast's Telemundo.

Comcast, which also owns NBC Universal, has declined Estrella's request to pay for its content and expand distribution to cities like Miami, with many Spanish speakers. Estrella is one of several independent programmers who have complained of being squeezed by Comcast.

"They should give us increased distribution and we should get paid," Estrella Chief Executive Officer Lenard Liberman told Reuters last week.

Regulators are studying whether the proposed $45 billion merger between the two biggest U.S. cable operators would give one company too much control over what Americans watch on television and see on the Internet. Announced a year ago, the Comcast-Time Warner deal combines two companies that together would have 40 percent of the broadband market and 30 percent of the cable market.

Estrella says it deserves to be paid because its ratings have gone from non-existent to respectable in just a few years. Comcast disagrees and accuses Estrella of cherry picking Nielsen data to present itself as stronger than it is.

Comcast says it is in its own interest to support independent programming to make its customers happy. But it disagreed that a broadcaster that has had "must carry" status could be paid like a cable channel.

"Comcast is proud to be the nation s largest provider of Latino and multicultural television packages, with a distribution platform that delivers more than 60 Latino networks," the company said in a statement.

This dispute and others illustrate the challenges facing Comcast and Time Warner in winning approval for the merger. On Tuesday, analyst Craig Moffett of Moffett Nathanson Research lowered the odds that the deal would get done.

"We still believe the deal is more likely than not to be approved, but we are cutting our probability of approval (again) to 60/40," he wrote in a research note.

Experts say it is not clear-cut whether Comcast is being unfair to Estrella or if Estrella is seizing on regulatory scrutiny to squeeze Comcast for revenue.

Estrella "definitely" has an antitrust case, said an antitrust expert who knows telecoms, but he added: "I don't see it as a bomb thrown into the Comcast merger."

(Reporting by Diane Bartz, additional reporting by Alina Selyukh; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh, Soyoung Kim and David Gregorio) Ex-pro says Woods enjoyed equipment edge in dominant 2000 La Jolla, CA, USA; Tiger Woods hits his drive on the 12th during the first round of the Farmers Insurance Open golf tournament at Torrey Pines Municipal Golf Course - South Co. Feb 5, 2015. Credit: Jake Roth-USA TODAY Sports

Tiger Woods ruled golf in 2000 in a manner that may never be matched, but one of his peers may have an insight into one of the reasons for that dominance.

Frank Nobilo, who won 15 times globally, including once on the PGA Tour, says Woods reaped the benefits of being one of the first players to switch to a solid ball from a wound ball.

"A lot of people look at 2000 as Tiger at his best but it was probably the first and only time in Tiger's career that you could argue that maybe he had better equipment than the rest," Nobilo, now a commentator for Golf Channel, told Reuters.

"Only a handful of guys had gone to the solid ball. The rest of us all thought a wound ball was better."

Wound balls had a rubber thread wound around either a liquid center or a synthetic rubber core. These days, all players use solid, multi-layer, urethane-covered balls.

New Zealander Nobilo is not suggesting Woods would not have dominated had he used wounds balls, just that he thinks it might not have been by quite as much.

That was the year Woods won nine PGA Tour events, including three majors, one of which, the U.S. Open at Pebble Beach, was a mind-boggling 15-stroke runaway.

"Everybody caught up about a year or two later (with ball technology) and Tiger was still better, but not by quite as much," said Nobilo.

"Everybody now is using the same type of equipment so it's hard for any one player to get that technological jump ahead that I believe Tiger had in 2000.

"He obviously had skills too but that's why it wasn't a fair fight."

Woods switched to a solid ball in May 2000, less than a month before embarking on an unprecedented run of four consecutive major victories.

David Duval, who was world number one for 15 weeks until he was displaced by Woods in 1999, recalls switching to solid balls in 2001 and quickly noticed they were more consistent than wound balls.

"A lot of players are slow to change," he told Reuters, saying he was not surprised it took most players a while to appreciate the qualities of the new ball.

"You're playing good, (you think) why do I want to mess with that? It takes a lot of testing, a lot of practice and observation of the ball, especially under competitive circumstances, to realize this is a better product and I need to start using it."

Stuart Appleby was one of the first pros to use a solid ball, back in 1995, and says it was immediately obvious how much more stable and consistent it was in its flight.

And Appleby's take on Woods' 2000 dominance?

"He had an edge anyway," said the Australian. "I don't know if he needed more of an edge. I think there was an advantage (but) he could have hit anything (and still won)."

(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Frank Pingue) 
2015-07-10
United Internet eyes IPO of division to fund buys FRANKFURT Germany's United Internet AG said it may float its business offering web-hosting and other online services to corporate customers to fund an acquisition drive, positively surprising investors on Friday.

The announcement pushed shares in United Internet as much as 6 percent higher in early trade, as it raised prospects of a growth drive by the Internet service provider.

"The web-hosting spin-off is great news," Commerzbank analyst Heike Pauls said.

"First it will draw attention to low implied valuation of web-hosting assets. Second, it will provide a 'cleaner' acquisition currency for additional web-hosting takeovers," she added, sticking with her "buy" recommendation on the stock.

By 0820 GMT, shares in United Internet were trading 5.8 percent higher at 41.78 euros.

United Internet has been investing in consumer Internet and technology businesses, buying stakes in companies like venture capital group Rocket Internet and cable group Versatel.

It has also taken over web-hosting groups like InterNetX, Sedo and fasthosts in recent years.

Underlining its appetite for further takeovers, it also announced on Friday that it agreed to buy Polish web-hosting firm home.pl from investors led by private equity fund V4C Eastern Europe for 135 million euros ($150 million) in cash.

Some analysts said the takeover was not cheap, with United Internet paying 15.5 times estimated 2015 operating profit, but found that home.pl was a good strategic fit offering growth prospects that should make it worth its money.

If United Internet decides to go ahead with an initial public offering (IPO) of the Business Applications division, it would launch the flotation in about two years, the company said.

It said it expects the division to generate about 600 million euros of sales this year. By comparison, it sees group sales reaching around 3.7 billion euros.

(Reporting by Maria Sheahan; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier and Georgina Prodhan) 
2015-04-08
Will Amazon.com Inc.'s Internet of Things Ambitions Pan Out? Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) recently unveiled the Dash Button, a tiny button that can be stuck or clipped to various surfaces around the home. When pressed, the device automatically orders preset consumable products such as Glad trash bags, Gillette razors, Cottonelle toilet paper, Huggies diapers, and Tide detergent.

The Dash Button synchronizes to Amazon's mobile shopping app via Wi-Fi, and the user sets the quantities that are ordered with each press of the button. The device will be available to select Prime members who request an invitation. Amazon will give up to three Dash Buttons for free to accepted members.

Amazon is also working with companies to integrate the same technology into household gadgets. Brita is developing a pitcher that can automatically order water filters, Brother is making a printer that can order ink, and Whirlpool (NYSE:WHR) is creating a washer and dryer that can automatically order detergent. Amazon's goal is to streamline the shopping process, while companies will benefit from branded buttons encouraging brand loyalty.

What's Amazon up to?

This isn't the first time Amazon has tried to expand its presence in homes. Last year, it launched the Fire TV and Fire TV Stick, which tether TVs to Amazon's ecosystem. It launched the Dash bar-code scanner, a wand-like device that uses a bar-code scanner and voice commands to order groceries and other products through AmazonFresh. Last November, it launched Echo, an always-on speaker that can answer questions, stream music, and perform other virtual assistant tasks.

These devices all expand Amazon's presence in the Internet of Things, or IoT, where sensors connect everyday objects to the cloud and each other. IDC forecasts the IoT market will grow from $1.9 trillion in 2013 to $7.1 trillion by 2020. Networking giant Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO) believes the number of connected devices worldwide will double from 25 billion in 2015 to 50 billion by 2020.

The Dash Button is yet another way to tighten Amazon's grip on Prime users. These customers already pay $99 per year for free and discounted shipping options, e-books from the lending library, video streaming, and other benefits. Handing out Dash Buttons to let them instantly order consumables could increase user dependence on that ecosystem.

Not so fast, Amazon...

Amazon's smart home plans are ambitious, but they could face three major challenges.

First, the products that can initially be ordered via Dash Buttons are pricier brand-name items. For example, it might make more economic sense to buy Kirkland Signature detergent in bulk at Costco (NASDAQ:COST) instead of Tide refills from Amazon. Therefore, the success of the Dash Button depends on consumers mindlessly ordering items from Amazon without checking prices. If consumers don't take that leap of faith, the Dash Button will fail.

Second, the entrance of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) into the smart home market could derail Amazon's efforts. Both companies are connecting their popular smartphone operating systems to IoT devices such as smart locks, light bulbs, and thermostats. Amazon lacks that native strength, since its Fire Phones flopped last year.

Apple's platform, HomeKit, will reportedly use Siri to control the entire house. If Amazon's partners also make their household gadgets compatible with HomeKit, voice commands to Siri could be used to replenish goods from non-Amazon sites. Last year, Google partnered with brick-and-mortar companies to tackle Amazon in the home delivery space. Those partnerships could enable Google to add similar e-commerce components to its smart home efforts.

Last but not least, mobile apps from many retailers, including Costco, already make it possible to have consumables delivered straight to your door. Branded Dash Buttons designed to "lock in" customers feel like a big step back, not forward, from those apps.

The takeaway

Over the past year, Amazon introduced headline-grabbing products that barely matter financially, since most of these devices are restricted to a tiny percentage of Amazon users.

The Echo and Dash Button are only available to Prime users via invitations. The Dash bar-code scanner is available to AmazonFresh members, which limits it to select customers in Seattle, California, and New York. That's a tiny sliver of Amazon's North American market, which accounted for 62% of the retailer's top line in 2014. None of those devices are available to international customers, who accounted for the remaining 38%.

Amazon's new devices might seem like "stepping stones" that could tether smart homes to its e-commerce ecosystem, but they should more accurately be described as experimental devices. Google, Apple Face Tax Evasion Inquiry in Australia Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

39:04 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) Google Inc. Isn't Ceding the App-Install Ad Market to Facebook Inc. App-install ads have become the darling of mobile advertising. They've become the foundation for Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) mobile ad business, with some analysts estimating the ad format accounts for about half of the company's total mobile ad revenue. Flurry estimates app developers spent $6 billion worldwide on app-install ads last year.

The growth in Facebook's business is much to the chagrin of Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), which offers app-install ads for display in other apps, including some of its own. But Google has announced some new features to advertisers on its AdMob platform that will leverage two of the main advantages the company has over Facebook.

Mobile web display ads

Google dominates display advertising on the web and the shift to mobile hasn't changed that fact. What changed is that apps became the preferred way of accessing the Internet, rather than mobile web browsers. Still, 14% of time spent on mobile devices is with a mobile web browser. The only app that's used more is Facebook.

What's more, advertising on the mobile web accounts for more than one-fourth of total mobile ad spend. eMarketer expects that split between web and apps to be relatively stable even as the market grows rapidly.

That's why it's notable that Google is extending its app install ads to the mobile web with its Google Display Network. GDN reaches 2 million publishers' websites on top of the 650,000 apps working with AdMob.

The move should help Google to increase its average cost-per-click by placing high value app install ads in place of typical display advertisements. Because Google's ad units operate on a bidding system, simply adding more advertisers to the mix will help boost Google's ad prices.

Paid app data

One of the biggest advantages Google has in mobile app advertising is that it knows which users spend money on apps, and which ones don't. This is extremely valuable data for developers because they don't want to waste money advertising to people who won't spend money to buy the app or pay for in-app purchases.

Another feature Google rolled out to advertisers last week was its Conversion Optimizer for in-app buyers. Conversion Optimizer for in-app buyers will change an advertisers' bid based on the probability that a person viewing the ad will download the app and spend money on it. Naturally, this will increase Google's average cost per click, but will require developers to buy fewer impressions in order to receive the same return. Google can still sell the additional inventory to other advertisers.

Keep in mind, every time one of Google's app-install ads converts on an Android device, it profits doubly. One from the ad payment, and the second time from the app install and subsequent purchases. Therefore, Google may be able to offer better conversions than Facebook at very competitive prices by factoring in its second revenue stream.

One of the fastest growing markets

The U.S. market for app-install ads is expected to grow 80% in 2015. Analysts' estimates peg Facebook's global revenue from app-install ads around $3.7 billion in 2014. If Facebook keeps pace with the market, the social network would add nearly $3 billion in additional app-install ad spending in 2015, accounting for more app-install ad spend than the entire estimated market size in 2014 ($6 billion).

However, Google is doing everything it can to ensure that Facebook doesn't dominate the market like it has in the early going. Google is leveraging its own strengths, and it's matching Facebook's capabilities in other aspects. Providing developers with a broader reach and more targeted ads could help it cut into Facebook's lead. 
2015-01-05
Why It's Time For Google To Pay A Dividend Google could easily pay a $2.50 per share quarterly dividend, which would create value for shareholders and entice a whole new group of investors to buy the stock.

Apple and Microsoft have joined the ranks of dividend payers, but Google still does not pay a dividend despite billions in cash piling up on the balance sheet.

For many years, it was commonly perceived that technology companies should not pay dividends to shareholders. The rationale for this was that tech companies should retain as much cash flow as possible to reinvest back into the business. Since the technology landscape changes so quickly, it was considered more important to stay ahead of the curve. Many investors felt dividends were better reserved for traditional income-producing sectors like utilities or consumer products.

Recently, however, this trend has changed in a major way. Dividends are now extremely sought after, even from tech companies. Investors, probably because of the prolonged period of extremely low interest rates, are starved for income and looking for dividends everywhere they can. Investors pressured technology companies to pay dividends, and many have responded. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) are just two of the huge technology companies that have embraced the merits of dividends (MSFT since 2003/2004 and AAPL resumed paying dividends in 2012). One of the holdouts from the dividend craze continues to be search giant Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). While other tech companies such as Microsoft and Apple now offer solid dividend yields to satisfy income investors, Google still refrains from the practice.

This is a mistake on Google's part. Here is why Google should begin paying dividends.

Fundamentals more than justify a dividend

The idea that technology companies can't possibly pay dividends without jeopardizing growth is outdated. It makes sense when technology companies are in the startup or high-growth phases of development, but when the discussion involves companies with market capitalizations in excess of $300 billion, that's no longer the case. Apple, Microsoft and Google each generate much more cash flow than they need to maintain growth, which is why their free cash flow is so impressive. For example, Google produced $8.6 billion of free cash flow over the first nine months of the year. This is now piling up on balance sheets across the tech sector. At the end of the most recent quarter, Google held $62 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities on its balance sheet. This was up from $58 billion at the start of the year.

Similarly, cash piled up for Microsoft and Apple as well, and they started paying dividends shortly thereafter. Between cash, equivalents and short-term and long-term investments, Apple has $155 billion on its books. For Microsoft, that number is $103 billion. These two companies generate plenty of cash flow to finance their strategic growth initiatives and also pay dividends. Apple distributes 29% of its profits and yields 1.7%. Microsoft's payout ratio is 48% and the stock yields 2.6%. Google could easily find a middle ground between these two in terms of payout ratio and yield.

Google should pay a dividend because it is every bit as stable and mature as the other technology mega-caps that have begun paying dividends. The company rakes in billions in free cash flow every year, which has resulted in a huge cash pile sitting on the balance sheet. And yet, Google still does not pay a dividend. There is little financial reasoning to withhold a dividend payment. The money sitting on Google's balance sheet is likely earning next-to-nothing, since interest rates are so low. If Google paid a dividend, it would create additional value for shareholders. For example, analysts expect Google to earn $25 per share in 2014. If Google distributed just 40% of its profits, the stock would pay $10 per share in dividends. This would equate to a nearly 2% dividend yield. If Google is earning less than 2% on its cash now, which is very likely, this move would be accretive to investors.

Google should provide its investors with a dividend because the company's capital investments are rising faster than the top line. For example, Google's R&D costs and capital expenditures rose 35% and 45%, respectively, over the first nine months of the year. By comparison, revenue is up 20% in the same period. This implies that Google's highest-growth period is likely in the past. Its core business, search, is extremely mature. Google is spending a lot of money on side projects such as Google Glass and self-driving cars, which sound exciting, but are not resulting in meaningful growth.

Dividends keep management honest

The other reason why paying a quarterly dividend is a good idea is because it keeps management honest. A commitment to paying a cash dividend to shareholders incentivizes management to act responsibly with the company's finances. Too often, a company with too much cash on its hands wastes it on poorly-conceived initiatives, such as expensive merger and acquisitions activity or lucrative employee compensation.

Google makes several acquisitions every year, and 2014 was no exception. The most prominent was Google's $3.2 billion acquisition of smart thermostat maker Nest. Whether this acquisition benefits shareholders over the long term remains to be seen, but it's worth noting that Google has a spotty M&A track record. Recall that Google bought Motorola Mobility in 2011 for $12.5 billion, only to sell Motorola Mobility this year to Lenovo (OTCPK:LNVGY) for $2.9 billion. Poor decisions like these destroy shareholder value.

In addition, Google spends considerable amounts of money on stock-based compensation. Google spent $1.2 billion on stock-based compensation last quarter, up 46% year-over-year. If Google has enough money to spend billions per year on acquisitions and stock awards, it stands to reason it could pay a 2% dividend as well. There is little reason not to, and by doing so Google could attract an entire new group of investors. Strict income investors, both at the individual and institutional levels, do not own Google, but conceivably would if the stock paid a dividend. Enticing a whole new group of investors to buy the stock would be a bullish catalyst.

To summarize, Google has plenty of cash in the bank and more than enough cash flow to pay a dividend. For these reasons, Google should do exactly that and declare a $2.50 per-share quarterly dividend.

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Portugal business confidence slips in December Magnets designed like trams are seen at a souvenir shop in downtown Lisbon September 3, 2014. REUTERS/Rafael Marchante

LISBON Portugal's economic climate indicator slipped slightly in December, while consumer confidence remained stable at its highest level since 2002, data showed on Monday.

The economic climate indicator, which measures business confidence, stood at plus 0.3 in December, down from 0.5 the previous month. The index turned positive in May last - the month Lisbon exited an international bailout.

The National Statistics Institute also said its consumer confidence indicator was at a negative reading of 22.3 in December, the same as in November.

The indices started rebounding at the start of 2013, when Portugal began to recover from its debt crisis which led to the worst economic slump since the 1970s. The economy is expected to have grown last year for the first time since 2010.

(Reporting By Axel Bugge) 1 Trend That Should Worry Netflix, Inc. Investors Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) has surprised almost everyone in recent years with its ability to attract new subscribers and boost revenue. For the fourth quarter, the video streamer and DVD mailer expects to add another 4 million total subscribers between its U.S. and international operations.

However, Netflix has not fared nearly as well in one financial metric. Since the second quarter of 2009, Netflix's free cash flow has declined significantly. What is behind this trend, and what can investors expect going forward?

International expansion

Netflix started expanding beyond U.S. borders in the second half of 2010. It began with Canada, then headed south to Mexico, the Caribbean, and Central and South America in 2011. Altogether, the company has now launched in more than 40 countries.

Of course, the early days of entering a new market often produce negative cash flow. There are content and marketing expenses, but no subscriber base to support them. That's why Netflix breaks out its domestic streaming operations from its international business, to give investors an idea of where its international business is heading. Perhaps the company will break its earnings results down by launch-date cohorts at some point in the future.

While the accelerating international expansion has certainly increased operating expenses, the amount spent on capital projects has been relatively stable. Since Netflix runs on Amazon.com's cloud platform, it is easily scalable, and Netflix doesn't have to spend extra on capital expenditures to expand internationally.

Therefore, the impact of international expansion on free cash flow comes largely from the cost of content -- which makes up the largest expense for Netflix.

The cost of content continues to climb

Netflix's international business is nearing breakeven for operating profit, yet it remains far from spitting out cash flow. The company can amortize the cost of content over the length of time its content licenses last. As a result, the cost of content on its income statement can be lower than what Netflix is actually spending.

Netflix's content spending has climbed significantly in recent years. While some of that increase comes from the company's international expansion, the cost of content in the U.S. has caused Netflix to raise its budget.

Netflix moved away from bundled licensing deals with U.S. networks in the first quarter of 2013 in order to save money by curating its library. At the time, CEO Reed Hastings said the company would continue to spend the same amount on U.S. content (but on fewer titles).

As of the end of the third quarter, Netflix's content obligations stood at $8.9 billion. That was up from $1.3 billion at the end of 2010, when the company had 20 million subscribers producing $2.2 billion in revenue.

The amount of content obligations due by Sept. 30, 2015, is almost $3.6 billion. Meanwhile, Netflix's 53 million-plus subscribers have produced about $5.2 billion in revenue over the past 12 months. That leaves approximately $1.2 billion of cash flow for Netflix to spend on operating expenses and capital expenditures. That amount was bigger in 2010, when Netflix had just $531 million in near-term content obligations ($1.7 billion).

Why pay attention to free cash flow over net income?

The way Netflix accounts for its content costs, as mentioned, is by amortizing the cost of content over the length of the contract. This gives investors a better picture of how much the content actually costs for the period, but it doesn't show how much Netflix actually paid to content owners.

The cash flow statement offers a better picture of where Netflix's cash is going as content costs rise, and it shows that much of its content contracts are front-loaded. That's why we have seen a divergence between free cash flow and net income. Over the last couple years, Netflix has increased net income while free cash flow moved sideways.

This is a trend for Netflix investors to monitor as the company buys up even more content rights in order to compete with other streaming services. Both international and domestic subscriber growth needs to outpace growth in content obligations in order to reverse the trend.

Netflix is beholden to content creators for the bulk of its library, and the fiercely competitive streaming market allows those creators to ask for more money and favorable terms. The result might be an endless cycle of ever-higher front-loaded contracts, which will keep cash flow depressed even as subscriber revenue grows. Why Is Soros Fund Management Buying More of This Mid-Cap Stock? Whenever the investment fund of a legendary investor like George Soros takes a position in a mid-cap stock such as security products manufacturer Allegion (NYSE:ALLE), investors will usually want to look at the company themselves. Recent 13F SEC filings from Soros Fund Management reveal that the fund had 5,000 shares of Allegion at the end of 2013, 214,353 by the end of June of this year, and 1,627,956 (worth about $90.6 million at the current price) by the end of September. What might have attracted the fund to this company, and should retail investors follow its lead?

A familiar investment theme

The Allegion position has two themes in common with another mid-cap stock the fund has been buying, electrical products and lighting company Hubbell. It's hard not to think that this is part of a thematic view at Soros Fund Management.

First, both companies are heavily exposed to the North American construction market, particularly commercial construction. Second, both companies have the opportunity to generate long-term growth through the delivery of value-added solutions as a result of technological change. In Hubbell's case, it's the opportunity for LED lighting and controls solutions to replace conventional lighting solutions. With Allegion, it's the potential to embed intelligent solutions within its security doors and systems.

Construction markets favorable

A quick look at Allegion's revenue and profit mix demonstrates its end-market exposure. According to a recent investor presentation, Allegion derives 62% of its revenue from the U.S., with the No. 2 revenue provider (Western Europe) a distant second at 17%.

Roughly 70% of its global sales go to the commercial construction sector (the remaining 30% is residential), with global revenue evenly split: 49% from new construction and 51% aftermarket. Moreover, for the first nine months of 2014, Allegion generated $320.1 million in segmental operating income from the Americas (which includes the all-important U.S. sales), with the EMEIA (Europe, Middle East, India and Africa) and Asia-Pacific regions losing $4.3 million and $7 million, respectively.

In other words, Allegion is a play on a recovery on the North American construction markets. The good news is that the most widely followed indicator of future growth in North American construction, the Architecture Billings Index, indicates that conditions are set to improve. In the chart below, a reading above 50 indicates growth. Despite the drop in November, the institutional reading has been positive for the last six months. According to the American Institute of Architects, the index "leads nonresidential construction activity by approximately 11 months."

A cyclical anniversary and products becoming more intelligent

Allegion is also coming up to the 10-year anniversary of the start of the construction boom in 2005, which means facilities are likely to begin upgrading their security doors and locks. It's not unusual for companies to depreciate plant and machinery at a rate of 10% a year, so on this basis, Allegion should see a pickup in end demand in the aftermarket.

Furthermore, Allegion has an opportunity to sell extra value-added solutions that include wireless and Web-enabled technologies. For example, the company recently released a new wireless lock utilizing its ENGAGE technology, which allows companies to configure locks and add and delete users via cloud-based mobile and Web apps -- a considerable benefit to corporate security efforts. It's a good example of the trend toward convergence of mechanical and electronic security products.

Moreover, during the company's last earnings call, CEO David Petratis argued that the new locks would not replace its existing sales: "We don't expect a lot of cannibalization ... we're opening up new markets."

Should investors follow Soros Fund Management into Allegion?

As attractive as Allegion might look as an investment, it's hard to see the stock as good value right now. A look at its forward enterprise value-to-EBITDA ratio suggests the company isn't cheap compared to Hubbell or Stanley Black & Decker. Those two companies are not perfect examples of competitors, but they are exposed to similar end markets.

All told, Allegion is a stock to watch, but cautious investors might want to wait for a better entry point before following Soros Fund Management into this company. 
2015-09-17
Google To Further Develop Google Glass Under New Project  US Cyber Command designing system to stay ahead of hackers NATIONAL HARBOR, Md. U.S. Cyber Command is building a massive, electronic system to provide an overview of the vulnerabilities of the military's computer networks, weapons system and installations and help officials prioritize how to fix them, its deputy commander said on Thursday.

Lieutenant General Kevin McLaughlin told Reuters officials should reach agreement on the framework within months, turning the system into an automated "scorecard" in coming years.

McLaughlin said the effort grew out of a disturbing report released earlier this year by the Pentagon's chief weapons tester, Michael Gilmore. The report warned that nearly every major U.S. weapons system was vulnerable to cyber attacks, and an escalating number of attacks on U.S. computer networks by Russia and China.

Cyber Command staff would do the initial data entry by hand, but the goal was to create a fully automated system that would help defense officials instantaneously detect and respond to any attacks, McLaughlin said after a speech at the annual Billington Cybersecurity Summit.

He said the initial focus would be on the greatest threats, including weapons systems fielded 30 years ago before the cyber threat was fully understand, as well as newer systems that were not secure enough.

"There s probably not enough money in the world to fix all those things, but the question is what s most important, where should we put our resources as we eat the elephant one bite at a time."

McLaughlin said the scorecard was initially intended to look at weapons and networks, but Cyber Command was now looking at a broader and more sophisticated approach that also accounted for how data was moved among agencies within the military.

(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by David Gregorio) Alphabet - a chance for Google to find its roots and spell its future Alphabet - a chance for Google to find its roots and spell its future

REUTERS Sundar Pichai is the new chief executive of Google replacing Larry Page who now heads the tech giant's new holding company Alphabet.

OPINION: A couple of wet weekends ago I stumbled across an old BBC doco about Warren Buffett.

Called "The world's greatest money maker", it painted an intimate picture of one of the most successful investors ever; from his audacious investment calls, to the special relationship he has with shareholders of his US$350 billion ($550 billion) firm Berkshire Hathaway.

LUCAS JACKSON/REUTERS Warren Buffett is the world's third-richest man thanks to a philosophy around value investing and stubborn frugality.

Buffett is the world's third-richest man thanks to a philosophy around value investing and stubborn frugality.

Hamburgers are among his favourite foods and he lives in the suburban stucco house he bought 50 years ago for US$31,000. He earns just US$100,000 in salary, believing that Berkshire Hathaway's share price is what best motivates him.

Buffett gives away over 90 per cent of his wealth, with most going to the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.

While Buffett has a close relationship with the Microsoft founder, over recent weeks he's used a yardstick to evaluate Microsoft competitor Google and its chief executive Larry Page who is giving Google a new name - Alphabet.

Puzzlingly, the biggest company Alphabet will own will be Google, and the new Google has a new chief executive and he will report to the old chief executive, who is the new chief executive of Alphabet.

Confused? You're not the only one.

Alphabet is a holding company. Under this parent company, the rest of Google's 150 odd businesses will be grouped in seven buckets.

The largest bucket will be called Google and will hold the cash cow businesses including search, YouTube, Apps, Maps and Ads.

Other buckets include Calico (fighting aging), Google Ventures (startups), Google X (big breakthroughs) and Google Capital (investing long term).

READ MORE:

* Google to become Alphabet Inc in shakeup

* Budget Buster: 10 money lessons I learned from Warren Buffett

In other words, all the cool new stuff has been given its own legs to stand on and relative autonomy to get on with it rather than being constrained by the big core operations.

Inspiration for the new name comes from two things, according to the chief Googler.

First it means a collection of letters that represent language (which is at the core of Google search indexing). Second it's a cute play on the idea of betting on Alpha, which in investment parlance means delivering better than benchmark returns.

This move to conglomerate structure has many people, including Stifel Equity Research and the Wall Street Journal, suggesting Google is becoming the Berkshire of the internet.

There's a good argument to say it's true. Both companies have strong partnerships at the top   Larry Page and Sergey Bryn at Google, Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger at Berkshire.

Second, Berkshire is run in a very decentralised way.

Buffett and Munger select the chief executive, fix his/her remuneration and let them go for it in the knowledge the two top dogs are on tap if they need them. That's exactly what Page has done in selecting shooting star Sundar Pichai as chief executive.

Likewise in terms of capital management there seem to be similarities.

In the Googleblog, Page makes clear that he and Brin will rigorously handle capital allocation. Similarly Buffett devotes his time to rational capital allocation.

However, in one area the two conglomerates are very different.

Less than 10 per cent of Google's 150 businesses are profitable   though the biggest, Google adwords, is outrageously profitable.

On the other hand virtually every one of Buffett's businesses are profitable and he has little patience for those that aren't.

This brings us to subject of performance.

Over the last year Google shares have risen about 4 per cent, while Facebook and Apple have jumped more than 30 per cent.

The battle with Facebook for advertising dollars is particularly fierce, with Google winding out new advertising formats here in New Zealand across their core websites to combat Facebook's assertion that their logged-in data is better than Google's cookie-based data.

If you've viewed YouTube lately you'll know the old skipable ads have disappeared in favour of force-fed 10, 14 and even 28 second jobbies.

Likewise sponsored results in Google search have grown dramatically.

Historically sponsored (paid) results used to make up less than 25 per cent of returns, whereas today often 75 per cent of the content above the "fold line" are paid ads.

While commercially this seems smart, it's quite some distance from where Google started.

Back in 1998 Page and Brin were two PhD candidates at Stanford with their blueprint for a new type of search engine they named Google.

In a crisp monograph "The anatomy of a large-scale hypertextual web search engine" the two future billionaires outlined a new type of search engine that would crawl and index the web better than the existing search engines.

The blueprint contains a stinging criticism of advertising funded search engines which Page and Brin felt were biased towards advertisers and against consumers.

The treatise goes on to suggest that the better the search engine is, the fewer advertisements that will be needed for the consumer to find what they want.

One of my favourite Buffett quotes is "someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted an apple tree a long time ago".

I can't help but wonder if in Google's case the apple is starting to fall some distance from the tree. Hopefully the new structure will give Page enough space to ask the same question.

Mike "MOD" O'Donnell is a growth manager and professional director. His Twitter handle is @modsta and he'd love to go to a Berkshire AGM. Interest disclosure   MOD holds Google shares.

- Stuff 
2015-12-08
Google, Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Announces New Renewable Energy Project: Analyst ... Last week, internet giant Google, part of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), announced on its official blog that it is purchasing 842 megawatts of renewable energy to power its data centers, nearly doubling its current levels and investing in lowering long-term costs. This deal brings the company one step closer to reaching its goal of 100% renewable energy in operations by 2025.

Google states the deal is the  largest  most diverse, purchase of renewable energy ever made by a non-utility company.  The several deals consist of solar and wind energy purchases in the U.S., Chile, and Sweden and range from 10-20 year periods. The company expects to finish the six different wind and solar projects within the next two years. According to the company, the deals help minimize environmental emission and  make good business sense by ensuring good prices.  Google timed the announcement to coincide with the COP21 UN conference on climate change, where several world leaders met in Paris to discuss ways to reduce carbon emissions.

The plans for the latest renewable energy purchases are outlined in three stages. First, Google will design more efficient data centers to decrease energy consumption by 50%. Second, the company reiterated its goal to use 100% renewable energy in its operations, highlighting 2010 s purchase agreement with a wind farm in Iowa as well as other large-scale projects in the past five years. Third, the company emphasized its efforts to buy large amounts of renewable energy from its utility suppliers, with the most recent announcement marking  the first solar project enrolled under that program. 

Google has also invested $2.5 billion to finance renewable energy projects unrelated to its operations in several countries such as Germany, the U.S., and Kenya. The company states,  These investments have been in some of the largest and most transformative renewable energy projects in the world with a goal to help drive renewable energy development not only as a customer but as an investor, and bring down costs for everyone.  In addition to its past renewable energy contributions, the company is currently working on Project Sunroof, which helps homeowners evaluate and install solar panels on their roofs. The company is also supporting Makani Power, a company developing energy kites that generate 50% more energy through wind turbine technology.

Due to announcements like these, as well as general innovation, analysts are mostly bullish on Alphabet, which is comprised of Google and Google s subsidiaries such as YouTube and Nest Labs. This past fall, analyst Ronald Josey of JMP securities maintained a Market Outperform rating and raised his price target on Google ahead of the Alphabet transition, commenting on the company s innovation. He stated,  Overall, we believe Google is one of the most innovative companies globally, is very well positioned across almost every growth driver on the Internet, and with the new Alphabet structure, we believe is better positioned to invest and grow going forward. 

According to TipRanks  statistics, Ronald Josey has a 56% success rate recommending stocks and an average return of 1.5% per recommendation. Out of the 35 analysts who have rated GOOGL in the last 3 months, 34 gave a Buy rating while 1 remains on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $841.09, marking an 9.35% upside from where shares last closed.

[Image Courtesy of Wikipedia] Alphabet Needs Chromecast To Increase Its Advertising Audience Amazon s ban of the Chromecast will affect sales, but Google s streaming product already has an insurmountable market lead.

There is no update yet on Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) $50 Android phone ambitions. Therefore, I will report that Alphabet's other dirt-cheap product, the $35 Chromecast, is super-successful in the streaming devices industry.

Because the $50 Android One project is unlikely to happen soon, the Chromecast is the mass market product that can help Alphabet further increase its audience for targeted ads.

People who still cling to their dumb HDTVs are potential customers for the Chromecast. Alphabet believes in the Chromecast. It has allocated a budget to create promotional video ads for the Chromecast. While there are now Android TV boxes and full-sized smart TV products, the Chromecast caters to the sector that still doesn't want a $100 Android TV Box or a $500 Android smart TV.

The average TV product cycle is also seven years. The Chromecast is an easy, cheap upgrade option for people who have 2012-era Android 4.0 smart TVs that are no longer powerful enough to run modern Android apps and games. The app-friendly feature of the Chromecast keeps it popular among consumers.

As per the Q3 report of Strategy Analytics, the Google Chromecast is the runaway leader in global sales of streaming video/TV products. The Google Chromecast now touts 35% market share of the 52.7 million units (18% YoY higher than Q3 2014) of streaming products sold in Q3 2015. Launched only in 2013, the Chromecast now enjoys a significant lead over the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) TV, Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Fire TV, and Roku.

Why It Matters

The Chromecast helped contribute to the notable decline of Apple TV. Strategy Analytics' Q2 2014 report last year gave the Apple TV a 30% market share. Apple's TV box now only has 20% share. The new $149 Apple TV 4 will not help Apple catch up with the new $35 Chromecast 2015 version.

Like the latest Apple TV iteration, the second-generation Chromecast's biggest selling point is its apps/gaming compatibility. While the new Chromecast still doesn't come with a dedicated game controller, Android phones and tablets (which most people already own) serve as game controllers. Alphabet has improved the wireless connectivity of the 2015 Chromecast. It now has three, instead of one, multi-directional Wi-Fi antennas. It means it has better WiFi speed for latency-free video streaming and gaming.

Alphabet sold more than 20 million units of the original Chromecast. I expect the improved 2015 version to do better because this product is affordable enough even for people in emerging markets.

Alphabet launched the Chromecast 2015 in 17 countries and it still retains the $35 price tag of the original version. The 2015 Chromecast is now even available here in the Philippines for $63.30 (due to import taxes/dealer mark-up).

Source: Google

Even people with older Android smart TV products are potential customers of the 2015 Chromecast. The better hardware specs of the Chromecast gives a new lease on life to older Android TVs. I have a three-year old Android 4.0 32-inch Smart TV. It only has 256MB of RAM and 1GB of ROM, which makes it unfit for news apps or gaming.

The Chromecast 2015 has 4GB of RAM, 2GB of ROM, and a dual-core processor. it could meet the exacting hardware requirements of new apps. It's also more than just an internet-to-TV gadget. It has the essential hardware to really make mini-computers out of HDMI-equipped TV sets.

Google Cast Brings More Mobile And Web Apps To Chromecast Users

Thanks to Google Cast, the Android, iOS and web versions of Polaris Office allow the $35 Chromecast to be used as a school/office productivity tool. This is another advantage of Chromecast over the Apple TV 4 - Google's product is compatible with iOS and Android apps.

Linux, Windows, and Mac OS X computers that use the Chrome browser also has web-based apps that really give Chromecast owners access to thousands of apps/games.

Since the Chromecast device is so affordable, its sales will continue to surge. Consequently, app developers who want to monetize more users will have to support Google Cast to access the advertising eyeballs of Chromecast users. The more apps/games that are made compatible with Google Cast, the more people will be inspired to buy the $35 Chromecast product.

The more homes with Chromecast-powered TV sets, the more people that Alphabet could serve targeted ads to.

Conclusion

The Chromecast is a long-term vehicle for Alphabet's digital advertising business. It also assists Alphabet's movies for rent and for sale business. The Chromecast also helps Alphabet attract more households to subscribe to its new premium subscription-only YouTube Red service.

The rise of ad-blocking on desktop computers requires Alphabet to find new advertising eyeballs among home TV-only users. Google Play's Movie business is still weaker than iTunes Store and Amazon's mobile on-demand video streaming services. The more Chromecast users there are, the better chances that more people will buy/rent a movie from Google Movies.

As long as there is a $35 Chromecast, Apple will find it hard to disseminate enough TV boxes to lay the groundwork for its ambitious streaming video/TV service for 2016. Anything that hurts the expansion plans of Apple is good for Alphabet.

Yes, Amazon's ban of the Chromecast will still hurt future sales of the Chromecast. However, there are other online stores that Amazon customers could use to buy the Chromecast this holiday season. Furthermore, the Chromecast has 35% global market share while the Fire TV only has 16%. It will take more than a ban from Amazon before the Fire TV Stick could catch up with the Chromecast.

Just Like Roku's streaming products, the Amazon Fire TV is not yet available in many countries.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. What Is Verily? Why Alphabet Inc's Life Sciences Division & Matters Back in August, the company formerly known as Google shocked Wall Street by announcing a massive restructuring. It was to morph into a holding company called Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL), that held different independent companies.

As you know, Google began as a simple search company. But its interests were wide-spread, and 11 years after going public, it found itself invested in a wide variety of disparate fields: Venture capital, driverless cars, an upstart cable company, and the life sciences division all strayed from its search business.

Yesterday, GOOG announced that its life sciences segment would be organized into an independent company called Verily. As you might expect from a Google offshoot, the company has some interesting and ambitious goals. Here s what investors should know:

Verily: Understanding Disease on an Individual Level

First and foremost, investors should know that Verily s financials won t be broken out in quarterly reports. GOOG s core search business will be broken out, then the rest of Alphabet s results. But that doesn t mean Verily won t have an impact on the business.

GOOG s Verily, which means  truly,  says its mission is  to bring together technology and life sciences to uncover new truths about health and disease. 

It will operate across four key segments: hardware, software, clinical, and science.

Hardware: The flagship product here is the contact lens with a built-in glucose sensor, aimed at helping those with diabetes keep tabs on their levels throughout the day.  Smaller, more powerful, and more convenient  devices and tools are the end-goal.

Software: It shouldn t be surprising that GOOG s Verily is software-heavy. This is where the company s vision of understanding why diseases progress differently in different people comes to fruition. It s also the main reason Verily could end up revolutionizing healthcare if its proactive philosophy takes hold. After all,  information exists in every aspect of our bodies,  GOOG reminds us, and Verily is developing algorithms, platforms, and machine learning techniques to analyze and use those data.

Clinical: This is where GOOG partners with other bigwigs in private industry, government, and academic fields to study the next big thing. Clinical is also pursuing what it calls  The Baseline Study,  which it describes as  a multi-year initiative that aims to identify the traits of a healthy human by closely observing the transition to disease. 

Science: The science team at Verily has some verily lofty goals:

 Our science team is pursuing research that will help us precisely understand the processes that lead to conditions like cancer, heart disease, and diabetes. We develop automated experimental and computational systems biology platforms and life sciences tools that provide more information about biological function in health and disease than has ever been available. 

Okay then!

At the end of the day, GOOG s Verily is in good hands. CEO Andy Conrad, Ph.D., is former chief scientific officer at LabCorp (LH), and is one of the handful of executives that will benefit from the new Alphabet structure. Larry Page and Sergey Brin wanted to retain their top brainy talent, and by turning Google into a holding company with a bunch of individual companies run by different CEOs, GOOG is better equipped to do that.

Advancements in medicine take time, and given the constraints of testing and FDA compliance, leaps and bounds happen over years, not quarters. But with a bold mindset and a better ability to focus on just life sciences now that Verily s an independent company, investors may soon have to start thinking of GOOG as one part tech company, one part healthcare juggernaut.

As of this writing, John Divine did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace Recently Launched YouTube Red Could Lead To Strong Monetization Throughout the years, YouTube hasn t maximized its full financial potential in generating revenue solely from display ads.

This year, YouTube started to aggressively unbundle services and seek new paid subscription models.

Creating a new revenue stream will strengthen YouTube s positioning within Alphabet.

In the long-term, spinning off YouTube to unlock additional value will not come as a surprise.

One of Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG) strongest web assets is its successful video sharing platform, YouTube, which is also considered the second largest social network after Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) in terms of monthly active users. YouTube monetizes its significant online presence by displaying ads, similar to many other internet giants like Facebook, Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO), Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), Google Search, and more. However, as YouTube got bigger and ad-blocking apps became more popular, the video content giant needed to ramp up a new revenue stream to back up its display ad earnings and increase the total amount of revenue YouTube generates from its unique market position.

In the beginning of the year, YouTube started to unbundle its services when it launched YouTube Kids, a video channel targeting kids that features a unique, curated selection of kid-friendly content. The new YouTube Kids app allows YouTube to offer advertisers a unique market and guarantees access to the specific target audience of children and parents.

Meanwhile, other websites and social networks offer access to the same target audience by slicing and dicing its total audience data. Later in the year, YouTube launched YouTube Gaming, a platform targeted at the gamer community that allows them to share, stream, and discuss video gaming live. As discussed in an earlier article, YouTube Gaming is a direct competitor to Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Twitch, which is currently leading this emerging and vibrant market. The new gaming app allows YouTube to gain market share from Amazon and generate additional ad revenue by appealing to a specific, targeted audience that many advertisers are trying to attract.

Two months ago, YouTube took another step toward accelerating the site s monetization by introducing an ad-free subscription-based service called YouTube Red, which is an evolution of the former YouTube Music Key. YouTube offers the new Red service for a monthly fee of $9.99, which is on par with the prices of Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), Hulu, and Amazon Prime Instant Video; however, it currently provides less content than the other services.

To beef up its content library, YouTube has two alternatives the first is to produce exclusive original content solely for YouTube Red subscribers like Netflix, Hulu, and Amazon do. However, it might be difficult to pull together and engage enough viewers to justify the production costs, as Yahoo recently learned when it shut down its original video content business. The second alternative is to purchase the rights for successful series and movies to create a basic content library that can rival the competition s.

I believe that this second option is the right decision to start with. YouTube might have an enormous amount of content; however, charging $9.99 per month to provide just ad-free service for subscribers (for most content) is not enough to attract Netflix or Hulu subscribers. YouTube already has an extensive relationship with all the major studios, which could assist the company as it starts its streaming business. This is where YouTube is targeting right now creating its preliminary video content library, which other players already have. If YouTube can manage to bring not only classic content but also up-to-date, recent productions to its platform, it might be a decent competitor in the streaming market.

These changes in YouTube are very exciting for Google/Alphabet investors, who have waited years for management to monetize its unique leadership position and go beyond the traditional display ads. Creating a new revenue stream is very important to YouTube as a subsidiary and standalone company that will be impacted by the rise of ad blockers.

In the long run, YouTube seems to be a valid candidate for the first significant spin-off from Google/Alphabet. For Alphabet s investors, the growth potential in this business is another catalyst to hold the stock for the long run. If YouTube Red succeeds in attracting a large subscription base, Alphabet s investors could unlock additional value from spinning it off. Here's How Alphabet's Eric Schmidt Wants to Fix the Internet Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt's New York Times op-ed described the good, the bad and the truly dangerous parts of the Internet.

Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt's New York Times op-ed described the good, the bad and the truly dangerous parts of the Internet. Photograph by Shannon Stapleton   Reuters

Alphabet ( goog ) executive chairman Eric Schmidt has a plan for fixing the Internet.

In an op-ed in The New York Times on Monday, Schmidt extolled the virtues of the Internet, saying it provides an opportunity for people around the globe to connect, and those in developing countries an opportunity to see all the world has to offer. But his piece quickly turned dark, saying the Internet has also become a place where oppression and harassment are all too common.

"In Myanmar, connectivity fans the flames of violence against the Rohingya, the minority Muslim population," Schmidt wrote. "In Russia, farms of online trolls systematically harass democratic voices and spread false information on the Internet and on social media. And in the Middle East, terrorists use social media to recruit new members. In particular, the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria has harnessed social media to appeal to disaffected young people, giving them a sense of belonging and direction that they are not getting anywhere else."

Schmidt went on to decry how the Internet is used for "envy, oppression, and hate," and how authoritarian governments around the world "tell their citizens that censorship is necessary for stability."

Schmidt's comments are nothing new. Indeed, several of the most prominent figures in the technology industry, including Google co-founder Larry Page and Facebook ( fb ) co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg, have railed against the dark side of the Internet. "Cyberbullying" has become a buzzword as people around the globe face harassment online. Technology companies have tried to address some of those issues by offering users filters or on Twitter, the opportunity to block others. Still, so-called "trolling," or the attempts by web users to attack others, is rampant.

Meanwhile, militant groups, including ISIS and al-Qaida, have used the Internet to espouse their beliefs and gain followers, and hackers in every part of the world are attacking both major companies and individuals.

In a speech to the nation Sunday, President Barack Obama, like Schmidt, said that he was concerned about the Internet. The president said that while the Internet "erases the distance between countries," it also provides a platform for "terrorists to poison the minds of people." He called on technology companies to limit how terrorists use their services to safeguard against such poisoning.

Schmidt, whose company, through its Google search platform and social-video site YouTube, provides gateways for people to access all the Internet has to offer, did not shy away from the president's concerns. Indeed, he said companies should work toward eliminating "social accounts for terrorist groups like the Islamic State, and remove video before they spread." He added, however, that governments must also play a role in making the web a better place.

"Without this type of leadership from government, from citizens, from tech companies, the Internet could become a vehicle for further disaggregation of poorly built societies, and the empowerment of the wrong people, and the wrong voices," he wrote.

Schmidt also shared an idea for fixing the Internet's harassment. He said companies should develop tools, "sort of like spell-checkers," that filter "hate and harassment" through social media channels. He didn't say how that may work or the ways in which they would be implemented, but argued that they could create a better Internet.

Looking ahead, Schmidt found a silver lining. He said if everyone users, governments, and companies can work together and use their combined "intuition, compassion, (and) creativity," it would be possible to build a "safe and vibrant place" from which all Internet users will benefit.

"The good news is, it's all within reach," Schmidt wrote.

For more on Alphabet, check out the following Fortune video:

Sign up for Data Sheet , Fortune s daily newsletter about the business of technology. 
2015-04-27
EconMatters: Investors Holding Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and Tesla Motors, Inc ... Stay Ahead of Everyone Else Get The Latest Stock News Alerts

Thank You For Signing Up

Error Signing Up. Please Try Again. Why Applied Materials Inc. Stock Plunged Today Although we don't believe in timing the market or panicking over market movements, we do like to keep an eye on big changes -- just in case they're material to our investing thesis.

What: Shares of Applied Materials (NASDAQ:AMAT) sank as much as 9.9% late Monday, then settled to close down around 8.4% after the company and Tokyo Electron Limited jointly announced the decision to terminate their impending merger.

So what: Specifically, Applied Materials says the decision was made after the U.S. Department of Justice advised that the companies' coordinated remedy proposal submitted to regulators wouldn't be enough to replace competition lost from the merger. As a result -- and keeping in mind the deal was first proposed in September 2013 -- Applied Materials and Tokyo Electron together "determined that there is no realistic prospect for the completion of the merger."

Now what: Applied Materials CEO Gary Dickerson admitted the merger would have helped accelerate his company's business strategy. At the same time, he insisted "While we are disappointed that we are not able to pursue this path, our existing growth strategy is compelling."

Applied Materials also attempted to take at least some of the sting away using a separate press release to announce the approval of a new share repurchase program authorizing up to $3 billion in buybacks over the next three years.

To be fair, these kinds of mergers are seldom guaranteed for this very reason. But the market hates being told to hurry up and wait after having its hopes lifted long ago for the promise of that accelerated plan. For now, and given the risk of spurned investors driving shares down in the near term, I personally prefer to watch Applied Materials from the sidelines as it picks itself up from this setback. North Dakota Passes Law to Lower Oil Tax Both houses of North Dakota s state legislature have passed a bill to lower the state s extraction tax on oil and to eliminate the current practice of tying the tax to the price of crude oil. The legislation is now on the governor s desk for signature.

A fiscal note attached to the bill by the legislature s research group estimates that the new tax structure will add $120 million to the state s coffers over the two-year 2015 through 2017 biennium. Democrats who opposed the Republican-sponsored bill have said that it will cost the state billions over the next 10 years.

Under the current law, crude oil producers in North Dakota pay a 5% gross production tax and a 6.5% extraction tax. However, the law includes a  trigger  that lowers the extraction tax to 4% if the wellhead price of crude oil falls to $52.50 a barrel and lowers it to 2% in certain other circumstances. A second,  reverse  trigger that went into effect on January 1 of this year permits the state to raise the extraction tax to 6% if crude prices rise above $90 a barrel for three consecutive months.

The law awaiting the governor s signature would leave the 5% production tax alone, but lower the extraction tax to a flat 5% and eliminate the trigger that lowers tax while retaining the reverse trigger. The net effect is that taxes on oil production will remain at 10% regardless of the price of crude.

ALSO READ: The Most Republican County in Each State

In the 2011 to 2013 biennium, oil and gas taxes accounted for about $4.07 billion, or 45%, of North Dakota s total tax collections of $8.96 billion. During that period the price of crude oil never dropped below the trigger price, so producers were paying a total of 11.5% on every barrel produced. At the proposed 10% tax rate, the state would have collected about 13% less, or a total of around $3.54 billion (assuming all the collections came from oil and none came from natural gas, just to keep it simple). All things equal, the state will collect about $5.3 billion less in taxes over 10 years.

Other opponents of the change included the Three Affiliated Tribes based on the Fort Berthold Reservation. The reservation accounts for 30% of the state s oil production. Under current law, the tribes share oil tax revenue with the state and that would not change. What changes is the amount that is shared. Tribal leaders had argued for a reverse trigger set at $70 a barrel rather than $90, and a compromise amendment was reached to set the trigger at $80 a barrel, but that amendment failed.

For its part, the North Dakota Petroleum Council, which represents the industry, has said that it would prefer the state and the tribes to maintain the tax sharing arrangement as it currently stands. At one point tribal leaders had suggested that they would pull out of the agreement and levy their own taxes on production. The industry is predictably satisfied with the new, lower tax rate, although the group had originally proposed a total tax rate of 9%.

ALSO READ: The 20 Largest Privately Held Companies in America Social Media's Blue Chip Stocks: Facebook Inc, Twitter Inc, and LinkedIn Corp. When many investors think of "blue chip" tech stocks, big names like Apple, Microsoft, or Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) come to mind. However, a new class of blue chip tech stocks -- social media ones -- have emerged over the past few years.

Let's take a closer look at three blue chip social media stocks: Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), and LinkedIn (NYSE:LNKD).

Facebook

A decade ago, Facebook had just over a million monthly active users (MAUs). Last quarter, it had 1.44 billion, making it the largest social network in the world.

In the first quarter of 2015, Facebook's revenue rose 42% year-over-year to $3.54 billion. Its quarterly average revenue per user (ARPU), a key metric of social media growth, rose from $2.00 to $2.50 between the first quarters of 2014 and 2015. Mobile advertising generated 73% of Facebook's advertising revenue in the first quarter, up from 59% a year earlier.

During the quarter, Facebook's average price per ad soared 285% annually even though the number of ad views fell 62%. This was caused by Facebook throttling the number of ads it displayed, which inflated demand and caused prices to rise. All those positive catalysts helped Facebook stock rise more than 40% over the past 12 months.

However, Facebook faces three main challenges. First, its net income fell 13% year-over-year last quarter as operating expenses surged 83%, due to its ongoing investments in ecosystem growth and new ad platforms. Second, Facebook's soaring ad prices caused some small businesses, which account for the majority of its marketers, to slash their Facebook advertising budgets. Lastly, Facebook stock still isn't cheap at 79 times trailing earnings.

Twitter

Twitter is less popular than Facebook, but its stock has still rallied 22% over the past 12 months. In the fourth quarter of 2014, Twitter's MAUs rose 20% year-over-year to 288 million MAUs. But that's down from 30% MAU growth a year earlier, and a far cry from the 400 million MAUs CEO Dick Costolo thought Twitter could hit by the end of 2013.

In 2014, Twitter's GAAP revenue soared 111% year-over-year to $1.4 billion. However, it reported a net loss of $578 million -- a slight improvement from a net loss of $645 million a year earlier. But on a non-GAAP basis, Twitter reported net income of $101 million, up from a loss of $34 million. That big disparity between GAAP and non-GAAP results was mainly caused by a whopping $632 million in stock-based compensation, which arguably enriches Twitter's employees at the expense of its investors.

Despite those unresolved issues, investors should note that Twitter's full-year ARPU soared from $2.68 in 2013 to $4.87 in 2014, thanks to the addition of new video ads, group chats, and other marketing tools. Its data licensing business, which accounted for 10.5% of its 2014 revenue, also continues to grow through new partnerships.

LinkedIn

Unlike Facebook and Twitter, LinkedIn doesn't report MAU growth. Instead, it reports total member numbers and unique visiting members. In the fourth quarter of 2014, LinkedIn's total members rose 25% year-over-year to 347 million, down from 37% growth a year earlier. Unique visiting members only rose 22% to 93 million, compared to 31% growth a year earlier.

In other words, only 27% of LinkedIn's members visit the site on a regular basis. The reason is simple: whereas Facebook and Twitter are casual social networks, LinkedIn focuses on job searches and building professional connections. Therefore, users mainly access the site when they are looking to change jobs.

LinkedIn generates revenue in three ways: talent solutions (connecting recruiters to candidates), marketing solutions (display ads), and premium subscriptions (which unlock additional features). All three businesses posted robust growth last quarter.

% of Q4 2014 revenue YOY growth Talent Solutions 57% 41% Marketing Solutions 24% 56% Premium Subscriptions 19% 38%

As a result, LinkedIn's revenue soared 45% annually to $2.2 billion in 2014, but rising expenses caused it to post a net loss of $16 million, down from $27 million in net profit a year earlier.

LinkedIn is trying to generate more return visits to its site by unbundling its apps and enhancing its site with more social features. Unfortunately, none of those efforts will likely shield it from Facebook's new enterprise networking site, "Facebook at Work."

Which is the safest play?

In my opinion, Facebook is the best blue chip social media stock to buy. Its P/E might seem high, but its forward P/E of 31 looks fairly reasonable. Facebook is also profitable on an annual GAAP basis, while Twitter and LinkedIn are not. More importantly, Facebook is evolving from a social networking company into an Internet advertising behemoth which could eventually disrupt Google's core business. Twitter and LinkedIn clearly lack that kind of firepower. 
2015-02-14
Apple studies self-driving car, auto industry source says FRANKFURT/SAN FRANCISCO Technology giant Apple (AAPL.O) is looking beyond mobile devices to learn how to make a self-driving electric car, and is talking to experts at carmakers and automotive suppliers, a senior auto industry source familiar with the discussions said on Saturday.

The Cupertino, California-based maker of phones, computers and, soon, watches is exploring how to make an entire vehicle, not just designing automotive software or individual components, the auto industry source said.

"They don't appear to want a lot of help from carmakers," said the source, who declined to be named.

Apple is gathering advice on parts and production methods, focusing on electric and connected-car technologies, while studying the potential for automated driving, the source said.

"Fully automated driving is an evolution. Carmakers will slowly build the market for autonomous cars by first releasing connected and partially automated cars," the auto industry source said. "Apple is interested in all the potential ways you can evolve the car; that includes autonomous driving."

Whether it will build and release an electric car or a more evolved autonomous vehicle remains to be seen, the source said.

But clearly Apple has sharply raised its ambitions in automotive technology. Car technology has become a prime area of interest for Silicon Valley companies ranging from Google Inc (GOOGL.O), which has built a prototype self-driving car, to electric car-maker Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA.O).

An Apple spokesman in London on Saturday declined to comment on "rumors or speculation".

Trying to build an actual car would mark a dramatic shift for the maker of the iPhone and iPad. Apple often researches projects which are then discarded, but has so far mainly stuck to its core expertise in mobile and electronic devices.

The Wall Street Journal reported on Friday that Apple had set up a secret lab working on the creation of an Apple-branded electric car, citing people familiar with the matter. The lab was set up late last year, soon after Apple revealed its forthcoming smart watch and latest iPhones, the Financial Times said.

The Journal said that the Apple project, code-named "Titan", employed several hundred people working a few miles from Apple's headquarters in Cupertino.

Apple executives met with contract manufacturers including Magna Steyr in Austria, a unit of Magna International (MG.TO), the Journal said. A Magna spokeswoman declined to comment.

THE PATH TO SELF-DRIVING CARS

Autonomous driving is likely to emerge progressively as driver assistance systems become more sophisticated.

Already, carmakers such as Daimler (DAIGn.DE), BMW (BMWG.DE) and Volkswagen's (VOWG_p.DE) Audi (NSUG.DE) have revealed cars that can travel long distances without human intervention.

Analysts at Exane BNP Paribas have said they see a $25 billion market for automated driving technology by 2020, with vehicle intelligence becoming  the key differentiating factor . But the brokerage does not expect fully automated cars to hit the road until 2025 or 2030, in part due to regulatory hurdles.

Short of building entire cars, there is money to be made from the software to run a self-driving vehicle, as well as the services associated with autonomous driving, such as mapping, car-sharing and car recharging services, the auto source said.

"It's a software game. It's all about autonomous driving," the industry source said.

Apple may be pursuing mainly auto industry expertise rather than full-scale partnerships with established car companies.

With its soon-to-be-launched Apple Watch, the company had held limited discussions with Swiss watchmakers, but no broad-based alliance emerged from the talks.

Instead of partnerships, Apple pursued a go-it-alone strategy and turned to poaching talent from top watch brands.

Two different sources have told Reuters that Apple has tried to recruit auto industry experts in areas such as robotics.

(Additional reporting by Eric Auchard in Frankfurt; Editing by Noah Barkin/Hugh Lawson) 
2015-03-22
How Apple Inc. Goes From a Product to a Platform Company Today, Apple's (NASDAQ: AAPL) revenue comes primarily from products. The iPhone, in particular, provides most of the company's top line, accounting for 69% of total revenue in its first quarter of fiscal 2015. Since product revenue is inherently less predictable than service revenue, Apple tends to trade at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than platform peers such as Google and Microsoft. While Apple's recent increase in stock price has matched the company's P/E to Microsoft's, at 17 it still lags significantly behind Google's ratio of 28.

But Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty believes investors will soon begin to recognize Apple's value as a platform company, rather than as a less reliable and predictable product company. Predicting Apple's service revenue will grow substantially as a portion of revenue in the next few years, she is already pricing this platform mentality into her 12-month price target of $160 for Apple stock, up 25% from where it is trading today.

In a new report (via AppleInsider), Huberty pointed to recent speculation about a potential Apple television service to support her platform thesis.

Benefiting from cord cutters

Notably, the well-connected analyst acknowledged in her most recent note to investors that the sheer quantity and substance of recent rumors that Apple is working on an online TV offering to bundle content from major providers suggests the service is likely to become a reality. She also cited the recent price cut of the company's Apple TV hardware to $69 and HBO's surprising announcement of stand-alone access to its content through Apple TV as evidence the tech giant is thinking seriously about television content.

Huberty said now is a great time for Apple to launch this service. In a recent Morgan Stanley study, 20% of cable TV subscribers said they plan to "cut the cord" in the next 12 months as an increasing amount of content becomes available online. If Apple launches a TV service, Huberty said she believes the company is positioned to attract 15 million subscribers in the U.S., or 8% of its install base. She said this level of new subscribers to the new service could increase Apple's revenue by 2%.

How Apple's service revenue will get a boost

Apple's services revenue, which includes revenue from iTunes Store, App Store, the Mac App Store, the iBooks Store, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing, and "other services," accounts for just 6% of the company's top line. While Apple doesn't break down how much earnings each segment contributes to the bottom line, its services segment likely accounts for 6% of the company's earnings or less.

But with the help of Apple Pay, fast-growing App Store revenue, and a new TV service, Huberty believes Apple's services segment could account for 20% of total earnings within the next few years. To illustrate exactly where she expects the growth to come from, Huberty shared this chart of her predictions of Apple's services generally accepted accounting principles revenue mix through 2017.

While it could be argued Apple is already more of a platform company than the market admits given the loyalty of its customer base; the breadth of its ecosystem of products, software, and services; and its substantial pricing power, a growing services segment will only bolster the sustainability of the business and make it more of a platform company than ever before. 
2015-02-18
1 Simple Reason Why Apple, Inc. Won't Buy Tesla For $75 Billion By the looks of it, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) seems to be legitimately interested in the electric car market. Speculation has intensified following a series of reports from numerous outlets, suggesting that Apple has already assigned hundreds of engineers on "Project Titan."

Investors have long dreamed of Apple acquiring Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA), given the disruptive characteristics and cultural similarities between the two companies. Tesla has also reportedly poached over 150 employees from Apple, underscoring said cultural similarities.

But recently, entrepreneur and venture capitalist Jason Calacanis made a bold prediction: that Apple would acquire Tesla for an astounding $75 billion. Better yet, Calacanis expects this mega deal to occur within the next 18 months, even going as far as calling it "a lock" in his mind. Don't get me wrong; with Tesla as my second-largest personal holding, I'd be thrilled if it got bought out at three times the current price.

Unfortunately, that's simply way too much money.

Hey, small spender

Historically, Apple's monetary ceiling for acquisitions has been in the neighborhood of $500 million. The Mac maker usually targets small companies with negligible revenue and innovative technology that can be integrated into future Apple products. That all changed when Apple shocked investors by acquiring Beats last year for $2.6 billion, or over five times its normal maximum price.

Beats' financials left a lot to be desired, and Apple recorded $2.2 billion in goodwill with almost $640 million allocated to acquired intangible assets. Apple then assumed nearly $260 million of Beats' net liabilities.

Tesla is a lot of things, but one thing that it's not is a steal. Investors are certainly pricing in high hopes for its disruptive future. A quick look at its valuation metrics relative to other automakers is all it takes.

Company P/S (TTM) P/B (MRQ) Tesla 8 26.3 General Motors 0.4 1.7 Ford 0.4 2.5 Toyota Motor 1 1.6 Honda Motor 0.6 1

Apple has never been about big flashy acquisitions, and a $75 billion acquisition of any company is almost 30 times larger than its biggest acquisition. Even at Tesla's current $25 billion market cap, it remains a somewhat speculative investment that's arguably already priced for perfection. And we're talking about Apple buying it for three times the current price in a matter of months.

Analysts are modeling for Tesla to bring in $8.6 billion in revenue in 2016. If Apple theoretically bought the electric carmaker at the end of 2016 (and those estimates prove accurate), it'd be paying 8.7 times sales. Tesla currently has less than $5.5 billion in tangible assets on its balance sheet, so Apple would be forced to record an absurd amount of goodwill and intangible assets if it did a $75 billion deal.

Goodwill hunting

One of the biggest benefits for adopting a conservative acquisition strategy is minimizing the amount of goodwill and intangibles that sit on the balance sheet. This reduces the risk if acquisitions don't work out well. Apple is currently carrying just $9 billion in total goodwill and intangibles, or 3.4% of total assets, with much of that coming from Beats alone.

Contrast that with other tech giants for some additional perspective.

Company Goodwill and Intangibles (MRQ) % of Total Assets (MRQ) Apple $9 billion 3.4% Microsoft $29.2 billion 16.7% Google $20.2 billion 15.4% Facebook $21.9 billion 54.5%

A single, massive $75 billion acquisition of Tesla would promptly throw decades of discipline out the window, and expose Apple and its shareholders to considerable risk. It's also not as if Apple could realize a lot of cost-saving synergies. Tesla's operations are very capital intensive since it directly manufactures vehicles, while Apple prefers to utilize contract manufacturers while keeping its supply chain incredibly lean. Most importantly, the two companies play in completely different markets, further minimizing the potential for synergies.

Sorry, Calacanis, but it's not happening. Zuckerberg: Internet.org Work With Google Is Valuable Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

35:35 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-11-23
If "Don't Be Evil" Is a Myth, Why Is Alphabet, Inc. Doing This? Google's unofficial slogan has always been simple: "Don't be evil."

The online giant still lives by that mantra, while the Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) wrapper opted for a slightly different twist. "Do the right thing," starts Alphabet's code of conduct.

Either way, Google and Alphabet set themselves up as paragons of ethical virtue -- and as targets for skepticism or ridicule. My Foolish colleagues occasionally take that position, outright wondering how such a naive claim could ever be serious, or pointing out that blatant power grabs should have been obvious years in advance (if you only took off those rose-tinted shades).

Hey, I get it. In this big, cruel world, it's almost impossible to imagine a company that's really just trying to make the world a better place for everyone, where doing good is better than doing well, and the financial rewards -- if any -- are simply byproducts of that "kinder and gentler" philosophy.

And hey, nobody's perfect. Google's track record is pretty clean, but I wouldn't eat my lunch out of its ashtrays. Business is business, and will always require a certain degree of sharp elbows. It's unavoidable.

Still, I believe that Google and its new corporate parent actually do strive to match these high ideals. Don't be evil when you can avoid it. Do the right thing, whenever possible. Always choose the lesser of two evils -- not the most profitable one. And if we do this, all else will follow. That's not even the point.

It's OK if you don't buy this spiel. It's not even required by shareholders, because it's very possible to make money without following some highfaluting code of honor. In fact, it's probably much easier, and Google must surely be playing a very different game behind locked doors. Every company does, right?

But I think that Alphabet and Google are walking the talk. Some of the things the company is doing simply don't make sense from any other point of view.

For example, Google started a research campus in Warsaw, Poland this week. No big deal -- everyone is capitalizing on the recovering Eastern European economies and their relatively cheap labor. So why not grab some cheap Polish brainpower while the getting is good?

But this is not a regular research central. Google isn't using it to refine the Polish version of its search services, or to improve speech recognition performance on the local brogue. Instead, it's designed to give local entrepreneurs the tools they need to get a head start in the global market.

The nearly 20,000 square feet of prime Warsaw office space is offered to local innovators at low or even zero rents. In the words of Google's PR department, Google will actively help these Polish entrepreneurs "to learn, connect, and build companies that will change the world."

There's that concept again -- "change the world," not "make more money."

Pointing back to Google's own humble beginnings in a Stanford garage, Google chairman Eric Schmidt said that boosting start-ups is part of the company's DNA. "Our hope is that Campus Warsaw will supercharge tech entrepreneurs, strengthen the start-up ecosystem and encourage even more innovation in Poland," Schmidt said.

Sure, this can't be a completely altruistic move. If one or more of these mentor projects take off in a big way, Alphabet will surely make a bid for the rising star -- and the close relationship will pave the way to a quick and easy buyout, as needed.

But many of these projects will surely fail, or only matter on a local level. And Google and Alphabet are OK with those failures, too. Money spent supporting them is not necessarily badly spent. The next generation of Warsaw's innovators might pick up the pieces, and get it right in the future.

Google has similar centers in London and Tel Aviv, as well. The "cheap labor" argument most certainly doesn't apply to King's Cross. This stuff really is all about fostering tech talent and bright ideas -- even if the payoff is far from certain.

Call it a crazy communist scam, call it a thin front for a more sinister plot, call it whatever you want. I get it, I see the reasoning... and I disagree.

I call it human, and smart, and likely to pay off in the long run.

Maybe not for Google or Alphabet themselves, mind you. But helping more small businesses take their ideas to the next level can only be good for the planet we live on. I'll agree that more, smarter, and richer communities can afford more Google-powered ad clicks, but that's about as cynical as I'm willing to go on this. I'm an Alphabet shareholder exactly because I agree with this zany focus on ethics and global development.

If anything, I'd just want more of these research centers in Tampa and Stockholm, in Nairobi and Havana, even in Juba or Pyongyang. That's a much better use of Alphabet's cash flows than those silly share buybacks, right? How Google Plans To Crush Amazon In Online Shopping With the holiday season just around the corner, the battle between Alphabet/Google (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) and Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) to become the destination for consumer product searches is expected to reach an all-time high. Amazon has for a long time dominated this space though Google also has been making significant advances in its efforts to capture a larger piece of this market.

Back in 2012 Google Shopping was overhauled into a paid platform in an attempt to counter Amazon's increasing dominance with a Forrester survey finding that 30 percent of product searches originated from the online retailer while only 9 percent originated from Google. The product search market is a multi-billion business and since customers are basically looking for answers to questions on products, Google believes it should be the go-to source of this information.

While it is hard to estimate with pin point accuracy just how well Google Shopping compares to Amazon, I believe that the EU's monopoly case against the search engine giant can be used to shed a little bit of light on the matter. Last year during a speech in Berlin, Google's executive chairman Eric Schmidt pointed out that almost a third of people looking to buy something started their search on Amazon - more than twice the number who went straight to Google.

In another more recent survey from BloomReach, limited only to respondents who made purchases online, found that 44 percent of US adults who did research before their actual purchase started their search on Amazon compared to 34 percent who began their search on search engines such as Google, Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Bing. For investors wondering what Google is doing to skew the odds in its favor, here is what they should know.

Google's online shopping strategy

Just last week Google announced that it had made a couple of changes to the Google Shopping platform ahead of the holiday buying season. These changes were particularly focused on optimizing the platform for mobile searches which according to a report from the company have continued trending upwards. According to Google, the share of smartphone online shopping purchases increased 64 percent over the last year with 30 percent of all online shopping purchases now occurring on mobile devices.

As such Google is taking these trends extremely seriously. "To help shoppers more easily discover, browse and buy on mobile this holiday season, we've redesigned Google Shopping to be incredibly fast, seamless, and intuitive," the company said on its AdWords blog. Some of the newly introduced features include location-based searches that allow the user to identify which products are in stock near them and the ability to narrow searches by keywords.

The upgraded search function is of particular importance considering that about 40 percent of shopping searches are done on broad keywords search terms instead of specific product names. Also, the newly redesigned interface appears more like a mobile app instead of a web page making it easier for customers to swipe through different products they are looking at quickly.

Unlike the previous version, this new iteration allows users to view multiple products without the need to reload new web pages. For consumers, this presents an improved way of narrowing down on the products they are looking for - while for merchants this means that those who click through to their sites have likely made up their minds on the item to be bought and its price having completed their comparison shopping.

Another strategy that Google is adapting to shape its online shopping ecosystem is aimed at retailers. In order to help them better understand the habits of shoppers at a local level in the US, Google is opening up its cache of product search data in a new data visualization tool known as Shopping Insights. Although the tool is currently still in beta, its job is to highlight search trends for about 5,000 of the most popular items on Google Shopping.

This tool differs from Google Trends in that it gives the user the ability to see a product's search trends over time displayed in a heat map as well as narrow down to city locations which can then be targeted in Adwords. For retailers, this means that they will be able to make a comparison of products' demand at a local level where they have outlets in order to make informed decisions on their inventory needs or regional budgets.

However, one important thing to note is that the tool doesn't actually tell retailers what products are being bought or will be bought by the searchers but rely on keyword searches as an indicator of shopping intent.

Lastly, the company said it will begin offering next-day delivery for shoppers in locations throughout Southern California, including Los Angeles, San Diego, Orange County, the Inland Empire and other areas. In the past, the service catered to customers in Northern California and West Los Angeles, along with Manhattan, Boston, Chicago, Washington and in several states in the Midwest. Some of the participating merchants include Costco (NASDAQ:COST), Target (NYSE:TGT), Kohl's (NYSE:KSS) and Walgreens (NASDAQ:WBA).

Amazon however responded to this move in a matter of hours by expanding its same day Prime Now delivery service in San Diego, meaning that customers in his region will be able to order some goods from local stores, ultimately reducing Amazon's set-up costs for storage while boosting its inventory at the same time.

Conclusion

Google's online shopping strategy may be playing catch-up to Amazon but I believe that it holds plenty of promise. However, with all these new changes being implemented Google may just end up being successful in drawing product search volumes from Amazon. Unconfirmed sources peg the annual revenue from Google Shopping at close to $5 billion and once the strategy gets into high gear, investors should expect more upside from this part of the business.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Why I ditched my cellphone carrier to try Google's Project Fi It s a modern-day technological maxim, as true in the United States as it is in Canada: Few people leave their cellphone carrier because they ve found one they like better; most make the move because they ve found one that irks them a little less.

Such was the impetus for my recent search (just after passing the two-year mark of living in the United States and thus no longer being tied to an ironclad contract) for a new wireless network provider. After two years with Verizon, I went looking for a better deal with the likes of Sprint or AT&T.

Instead, I ended up signing with America s newest telecom player   Alphabet Inc. s Google.

Quietly, Google is wading into the last segment of the smartphone industry in which it has yet to establish control   cellphone plans.

Earlier this year, the Internet giant launched a service called Project Fi, a smartphone talk, text and data provider. Although still in its infancy, Project Fi essentially positions Google to compete with the likes of Verizon and AT&T in the cellphone-contract business.

In an industry long loathed for its convoluted pricing schemes, Project Fi is fairly straightforward. There s only one choice of phone plan, an unlimited domestic talk-and-text option that runs $20 (U.S.) a month. In addition, data is always priced at $10 a gigabyte, and any data paid for but not used is refunded.

In the U.S., Google s system hops between the mobile networks of Sprint and T-Mobile, depending on which network is strongest at any given location, acting as an MVNO (mobile virtual network operator). It will also latch onto any available Wi-Fi network when it can, and use it for calls and texts.

Just as with disruptive Silicon Valley forces such as Uber, there s little doubt that much of Project Fi s appeal will be at least partly fuelled by widespread discontent with the industry s status quo. In the United States, major cellphone carriers regularly show up in myriad  most hated  companies lists   with users complaining about everything from pricey long-term contracts to bad customer service to spotty reception.

As such, perhaps unsurprisingly, almost every aspect of Project Fi is focused on those areas where customer satisfaction with traditional land line carriers runs highest. There exists, essentially, only one pricing plan   a decision to sacrifice variety for the sake of simplicity. The service allows users to access customer service through phone, e-mail or online chat (with the estimated waiting times available beforehand on the Project Fi website). And Google s promise to constantly hop from one network to another depending on which is fastest at any given time, while not always well-implemented in real-world conditions, at least offers the prospect of an innovative solution to customers  long-standing complaints about uneven cellphone coverage.

Almost every aspect of Project Fi involves almost no human interaction. There exists no physical storefront   everything is done on the service website. A few weeks after signing up, my SIM card arrived in the mail, as did the phone that uses it.

Only a few months old, Project Fi is still very much a work in progress, and suffers from all kinds of limitations. The most glaring one is variety of hardware. Currently, the service will only work with a handful of Google Nexus phones (the newest versions of which cost upwards of $500). The one-size-fits-all data plan is unlikely to satisfy heavy users, who will expect some sort of discount for buying more gigabytes, as they do with other cellphone providers. Exclusivity is also an annoyance; users still have to ask for an invite to sign up for Project Fi   a common approach in the tech world when companies want to keep a user base small in the initial phase of a wider rollout.

Beyond that, there s a somewhat more existential question: How long will traditional carriers go along with this arrangement? For now, Google is playing down Project Fi, trying to frame it as a joint experiment with its telecom partners to explore new ways of solving problems in the wireless space. Sprint and T-Mobile, smaller players in the sector, are the first to partner with Google on the project, likely in hopes that it will poach customers from their bigger rivals. But what if that experiment becomes a booming business? At what point will the carriers start demanding a lot more in return for letting Google piggyback on their networks?

Still, in an industry long-defined by steep prices and nigh-unbreakable contracts, Google s infant smartphone operation is alluring. After paying the upfront cost of two new Nexus phones, my wife and I signed up for a Project Fi plan that gives us about twice as much data as our Verizon plan   for less than half the price.

So far, Google is keeping its Project Fi expansion plans a secret. In theory, there s nothing stopping the company from trying to build a similar virtual network in Canada. In practice, however, it seems unlikely. Earlier this year, the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission declined to force wireless carriers to sell access to their networks at regulated rates to companies that do not build their own wireless infrastructure. As it stands, Google may still try to work out a deal on commercial terms, but the major Canadian telecom players will have little incentive to make such an arrangement work.

Indeed, in the long run, many traditional carriers may decide they have less to gain and more to lose by helping Google s upstart network out.

Report Typo/Error Alphabet continues Google innovation in autonomous vehicles, e-commerce solutions Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) of Mountain View, CA, is a multinational high tech conglomerate and the parent company for a diverse array of hardware and Internet services subsidiaries including Google, Nest and divisions in health, venture capital funding and fiber optics. Alphabet has only recently been formed from the former Google Inc. and has only reported just its latest quarterly earnings as the new corporation. Alphabet CEO Larry Page, one of the original founders of Google, made comments in early November as to Google s recent conversion into Alphabet which explained the move as a way to reflect the reality of how the corporation was run.

In recent months, Alphabet has increasingly found Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) to be a growing rival to its activities in tech development. Both of the companies have separately filed designs for drones with the Federal Aviation Administration which could be used to deliver broadband Internet services for entire cities and hover for weeks or months at elevations of 90,000 feet, much higher than commercial flight altitudes. Speculation surrounding airborne-based Internet solutions developed by Alphabet through its Project Loon operations suggests that Alphabet could begin to threaten Facebook s Internet.org free Internet venture in markets like India. The two companies are also expected to fare the best during the increased shift

in commercial brand advertising revenues from television to the Internet which is expected to accelerate during 2016.

As Google, this corporation placed sixth among all companies earning patents from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in 2014, receiving 2,881 U.S. patent grants that year, a 31.6 percent increase over the company s 2013 performance. In the third quarter of this year alone, the company has already added 1,172 U.S. patents to its portfolio, according to Innography s patent portfolio analysis tools. As the text cluster here shows, Alphabet has been placing a great deal of its research and development focus on areas like computing devices, user interfaces and search results.

Alphabet s Issued Patents: Blind Spot Avoidance for Autonomous Vehicles and Music Selection for Exercise

We ve noted a larger R&D focus on automotive technologies at Alphabet over the past year and we re not surprised to see more activity in that sector with the issue of U.S. Patent No. 9180882, which is titled Avoiding Blind Spots of Other Vehicles. The method for maneuvering a vehicle protected here involves receiving sensor data collected along a roadway, detecting objects in the roadway from the data, identifying a set of objects relevant for blind spot detection, determining a blind spot area defining a lane space adjacent to a particular identified object and maneuvering a vehicle if it s predicted that future locations of the vehicle would be within the determined blind spot area for any object. This technology is intended to both keep drivers safe on the road as well as improving the comfort of those drivers who might not want an autonomous or semi-autonomous car driving in their blind spot.

We were able to get a glimpse at one of Alphabet s technologies for airborne Internet delivery with U.S. Patent No. 9174718, issued under the title Internal Toroid Balloon. It claims an apparatus having a balloon envelope fillable with a first lifting gas, a top plate arranged at the top of the balloon envelope, an outlet port providing a passageway from inside the balloon envelope into the atmosphere and an inner bladder positioned within the balloon envelope coupled to the top plate and fillable with a second lifting gas. The use of the inner bladder coupled to the top plate is intended to provide drag to a balloon as lifting gas is vented, slowing the descent of the balloon to the ground.

Alphabet has been making forays into home appliance technologies ever since Google s acquisition of Nest and we re seeing an intriguing device at the center of U.S. Patent No. 9183736, titled Smart-Home Hazard Detector Providing Sensor-Based Device Positioning Guidance. It discloses a method of receiving sensor or feature readings representative of a position and orientation of a hazard detector as placed to a surface in a structure, determining that the hazard detector is in an inadvisable position and/or orientation and generating a signal representative of a user-perceptible cue to indicate that the hazard detector is in an inadvisable position and/or orientation. The smart hazard detector of this invention offers installation guide features so that users properly install a device like a fire alarm in an appropriate space.

We also noted an innovation in music software designed with health and fitness implications, featured within U.S. Patent No. 9183822, titled Music Selection and Adaptation for Exercising. It protects a method for providing music while exercising by detecting the pace of exercising, selecting a music segment based on the pace, modifying the music segment to correlate a tempo of the segment to a pace of exercising, introducing a delay in the modified music segment to cycles of the pace of exercising and playing the modified music segment in one or more speakers. This system is designed to automatically provide the right music for the pace of a user s exercise, which is desirable to many runners and athletes.

Google s even making developments in disposable cameras which is reflected by the issue of U.S. Patent No. 9168761, titled Disposable Digital Camera with Printing Assembly. It claims a digital camera having an image capture assembly, a print media transport assembly, a pagewidth ink jet printhead, a roll of print media, an internal chassis serving as a frame for the other components and an external casing containing all of the components and openable. This invention provides a disposable camera which can be produced in an inexpensive way so as to capitalize on growing consumer demand for disposable cameras.

A software engineering technology useful for helping programmers identify where code failures exist is described by U.S. Patent No. 9176731, which is titled Heuristics for Automated Culprit Finding. The system for isolating one or more code changes suspected of causing a code failure in a codebase described here involves processing devices and storage devices having a memory executable to receive a list of changes to a codebase, receive a list of test targets in the codebase that are failing, receive a snapshot of the codebase when the tests started failing, use a compile or execution log to find the code changes causing test failures and determine whether the test failure was caused by an execution failure. This innovation is intended to reduce the amount of time consumed in manual investigations of failed code tests used to find code changes which have caused test failures.

Patent Applications of Note: From Email Shopping to Digital Rendering of Painting Styles

Digital wallet and e-commerce technologies have been very active areas of high tech R&D in recent months and we re seeing Alphabet trying to add to its IP portfolio in this area with U.S. Patent Application No. 20150304250, which is titled Online Shopping in Email Messages. This would protect a method comprising receiving an email message addressed to a user from a seller, outputting at a device an email interface screen having an operable interface element for ordering goods or services, receiving information indicating operation of the interface element and transmitting a purchase request relating to the goods or services. This technology is designed to improve email marketing campaigns by obviating the need for a consumer to complete an order at a merchant s website. Increased security when conducting financial transactions is at the center of U.S. Patent Applications No. 20150302412, filed under the title Online Bank Transfer Transactions. It discloses a computer-implemented method to use credit authorizations to guarantee alternate reimbursement from a user for a bank transfer transaction, the method involving establishing a user record including financial account information and credit card information, receiving a request for authorization for a transaction conducted between a user and a merchant system, transmitting a credit authorization request including a request to approve a charge to a credit account, receiving a credit authorization approval associated with the request, transmitting a bank transfer request and transferring funds in the amount of the transaction authorization request. This invention is designed to improve security for online transactions by providing merchants with assurances that a transaction will be approved.

Autonomous vehicle development continues at Google as we can see within U.S. Patent Application No. 20150284009, titled Engaging and Disengaging for Autonomous Driving. The method disclosed here involves receiving a request to switch a vehicle from a manual driving mode to an autonomous driving mode, using protocol data to assess the vehicle s environment, vehicle systems and a user, selecting a set of driving conditions based on the assessment, generating a set of tasks based on the driving conditions that may be performed by a driver to change a condition, selecting a first task based on task priority, reassessing task priority when a first task has been completed and switching the vehicle s driving mode when all tasks are completed. This technique is capable of determining whether a car should remain in a manual driving mode in response to weather or other driving conditions.

We were interested to explore an energy generation technology meant for shipping applications and detailed within U.S. Patent Application No. 20150298806, title Airborne Rigid Kite with On-Board Power Plant for Ship Propulsion. It would protect a vehicle-based airborne wind turbine system having an aerial wing and a plurality of rotors each having rotatable blades positioned on the aerial wing, an electrically conductive tether; the aerial wing is adapted to receive electrical power for the vehicle to provide propelling thrust to pull a vehicle. The aerial wing may receive electric power from a submerged ship or generate energy from wind sources in order to reduce fuel consumed by underwater propellers.

Innovations targeting digital text-based files were featured within a couple of patent applications which we noted, including U.S. Patent Application No. 20150324073, entitled Displaying Aligned Ebook Text in Different Languages. This discloses a method of providing a reference passage corresponding to a reading passage of an ebook by grouping different-language instances of a same ebook into a group, aligning corresponding passages of the different-language instances of the ebook in a group, identifying a reference passage in a reference-language instance of the ebook aligned with the reading passage and sending information describing the identified reference passage in response to the request. This system is designed to provide text translations in ebooks which are more accurate than typical machine-translated text. A system for measuring the accuracy of factual information found in search results is at the center of U.S. Patent Application No. 20150317367, which is titled Corroborating Facts in Electronic Documents. It claims a computer-implemented method for identifying facts described by electronic documents; the method includes defining a query, creating one or more hypothetical facts in response to the query, corroborating hypothetical facts using the electronic documents to identify a likely correct fact and presenting the identified likely correct fact as the answer to the query. This invention, intended for use in fact databases, is designed to limit contradictory or ambiguous answers from search engine results.

Finally, we wanted to profile a novel technology useful for the digital rendering of painting styles which is the focus of U.S. Patent Application No. 20150310305, titled Learning Painting Styles for Painterly Rendering. This patent application would protect a computer-implemented method of rendering a base output image based on a received input image with a procedural painting system controlled by parameters, using a classifier trained to calculate a score based on how an image corresponds to a received painting style, determining a plurality of randomized sets of meta-parameters for the procedural painting system, rendering a plurality of intermediate output images by the procedural painting system, calculating a score for each intermediate output image using the trained classifier and identifying an optimal set of meta-parameters based on the calculated scores. This innovation is intended to automatically generate an image imitating a painting style based on an input image, without requiring the human user to create an algorithm for rendering the image in a preferred painting style. Google Cloud Is No Longer On The Sidelines Google acqui-hired Diane Greene to compete with Amazon Web Services.

Greene's BeBop Technologies was building platform tools. Google Cloud needs application revenue.

For those playing the cloud, Amazon is a better play.

For many years Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG) treated its Google Cloud as a sideline. It was an interesting business to have, which Google, Microsoft and others chased. It was incremental revenue, but no one had to worry about losing their job if things did not go well.

Thanks to new Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat, that has changed. By creating Alphabet as a holding company, and putting Sundar Pichai under the main Google business unit, Porat set the stage for evaluating the cloud s performance, and giving shareholders the kind of visibility into that to spur action.

Pichai s first big move to meet the challenge facing his leadership is to hire Diane Greene, a co-founder of Vmware (NYSE:VMW), to head the cloud effort. It s an  acqui-hire    he got her by buying her start-up, Bebop Technologies.

Bebop s business was a system for building cloud applications. That put it in the cloud platform space, one that VMware has itself occupied with its open source Cloud Foundry product. The trouble is that s not where the big profits are in cloud right now. They re in applications, like those offered by Salesforce (NYSE:CRM), software that actually solves real-world business problems.

Google s offerings in that arena   a sort of Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Office competitor called Google Apps for Work -- have been weak. This impacts more than just the cloud business. It also weakens its Chromebook business, which depends on Google cloud applications to create value.

Greene is supposed to fix that, but she starts from a position of weakness. SRG Research says that the cloud infrastructure business of Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) is now bigger than its four nearest competitors combined   not just Google, but IBM (NYSE:IBM), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Salesforce.Com as well.

IBM and Microsoft have covered up this weakness by applying software application and service fees to their cloud revenue estimates, making them appear bigger than they are. Porat s visibility means Greene will not have that option.

But Google is still a good place for Greene to land. Already, the floor is littered with companies that tried, and failed, to compete with Amazon in the space. These include HEWLETT PKD ENT (NYSE:HPE), which hired open source guru Marten Mickos and then let him go within 8 months and is now killing its Helion cloud. It includes the world s largest phone companies, like AT&T (NYSE:T), Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL), all of whom advertise their own cloud efforts extensively, but don t register in terms of market share. It also includes Rackspace Hosting (NYSE:RAX), which has managed a profit by slowing its growth.

The problem for all of Amazon s competitors, and the advantage for Amazon is simple. Price sells cloud, scale drops price, and price plus scale creates lock-in. The Application Program Interface (API) for AWS is now protected by law, making it a proprietary standard, and Amazon has the capital structure in place to out-spend anyone else in the space, thanks to its own use of AWS for its store and Prime media efforts.

Right now, 90% of Google s revenue still comes from advertising on the main search engine, and Google stock hit another all-time high on Friday. So few investors are thinking about the risks Greene fails. Instead they re focusing on the ample cash flow Alphabet will have to stay in the cloud game, no matter what Greene does.

Analysts may try to spin this latest move as strong for Google, but it s really more proof, if proof was needed, that Amazon remains the best stock play in the cloud. What investors in Alphabet need to understand is that she might indeed fail. Comparing The Fundamentals Of Big Tech Stocks Following Q3 Earnings Now that most companies have reported Q3 earnings, Benzinga took a look at some of the largest, most popular tech companies in the world to determine how much value investors are getting from a share of stock at the current market price.

Here s a breakdown of how Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) (NASDAQ: GOOG), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) look from a fundamental standpoint now that their latest quarterly financials are factored in.

Related Link: Tech Companies Hold Firm On Government Access To Encrypted Data

Earnings

A price-to-earnings ratio (PE) is one of the most basic fundamental metrics for gauging a stock s value. The lower the PE, the higher the value. Here s how the current PEs for these five big names compare.

Apple is the only stock of the group with a PE lower than the S&P 500 s overall PE of 22.0. Facebook, Netflix and Amazon s PEs of over 90 are nowhere near the typical range. Apple and Amazon were the only two companies to improve their PE in Q3 compared to Q2.

Growth

However, when it comes to evaluating a stock, price is not everything.

Growth rate is also critical for companies that are rapidly building their bottom lines. The price-to-earnings-to-growth ratio (PEG) is a good way to incorporate growth rates into the evaluation process. Here s a comparison of the PEGs of these five names.

Again, Apple is the only stock with a PEG lower than the overall S&P 500. Alphabet s 2.2 PEG is relatively high; Facebook and Netflix s PEGs are more than double the S&P 500 average. Amazon s negative earnings growth over the past four quarters does not allow for a PEG calculation.

Cash Flow

Finally, when a company reinvests a large portion of earnings back into the company for the purpose of expanding operations and growing the business, earnings numbers aren t the best measure of a company s performance or a stock s value.

Instead, investors may choose to focus on cash flow from operations, which indicates how much cash a company generates from regular business activities. Take a look at the price-to-cash-flow-from-operations ratio for each of these five companies.

Once again, from a value perspective, Apple comes out on top as the only stock that beats the S&P 500 average. Alphabet s ratio is above average, but Amazon and Facebook s P/OCF are substantially more than twice the S&P 500 average. Netflix has generated negative operating cash flow during the past four quarters. Apple was the only company to lower its P/OCF in Q3, while Alphabet and Amazon s experienced the largest jumps.

Takeaway

While Apple shareholders may be concerned about the stock s stagnant share price, the company continues to add to its appeal from a value perspective. Shareholders of Amazon and Netflix, on the other hand, must hope that the market continues to reward the companies' growth despite extremely high valuations compared to peers.

Disclosure: The author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Education Technicals Tech Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-01-12
Google's stock drops to within reach of a new bear market AFP/Getty Images Google s stock has been going the wrong way.

NEW YORK (MarketWatch)   Shares of Google Inc. fell to the lowest levels in over a year, and were within reach of their first bear market in 3   years, on the heels of some downbeat comments from Wall Street analysts.

Google s Class A stock GOOGL, -0.15% slid 1.3% in afternoon trade Monday, putting it on track for a ninth loss in 10 sessions. The stock has lost 6.9% since the start of the year, and 19.1% since peaking at an all-time closing high of $610.68 on Feb. 26, 2014.

Many technical analysts define a bear market as a decline of 20% or more from a significant high. That means a close at or below $488.54 would trigger a new bear market for Google s stock.

The last time Google s stock suffered a bear-market decline was when it dove 21% from July 26, 2011 through Aug. 19, 2011.

Analyst Jay Srivatsa at Chardan Capital Markets listed the Internet search giant as one of the biggest  losers  of the 2015 Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas last week. The event had attracted more than 170,000 tech industry professionals, and 3,600 exhibitors, according to the Consumer Electronics Association, but no Google.

 With its Google Glass product simply not materializing [in 2014], Google, which stayed away from this show, may want to pay attention to competing solutions from the likes of Vuzix and major investments on wearables from the likes of Intel,  Srivatsa wrote in a note to clients.  Absent a major product announcement in 2015, Google may have to rely on its search business for a while. 

Separately, Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Youssef Squali said that because more than half of Google s revenue is derived from its international business, the recent sharp rise in the value of the U.S. dollar has reduced overall fourth-quarter earnings by about 9 cents a share and sales by about $190 million, and could cause 2015 estimates to be lowered. Read more about dollar strength.

Meanwhile, Deutsche Bank analyst Ross Sandler came to Google s defense, saying the stock remained his top idea among large-capitalization companies. He said the idea that Google is in trouble in the mobile arena was  flawed,  as mobile traffic-acquisition-cost payouts have been growing significantly and as the company has six of the seven apps that have been downloaded over 1 billion times. How To Choose A Plasma TV Stand A TV is still an essential part of any living room, and choosing the best stand for your plasma TV can help you create a unique atmosphere in any given room. However, if you want to choose the best plasma TV stand mount that would fit perfectly into your interior and create a memorable and stylish impression, you will have to consider several aspects before buying. All in all, there are three major things to do:

1. Considers the size of your room

There is a wide choice of impressive living room sets that combine TV stand with shelves and cabinets. However, they will only look great in spacious rooms. If, on the contrary, your space is limited, you should better consider buying low standing plasma TV stand designs. Such arrangements look compact, which helps to avoid clutter and mess. And if you want to save as much space as possible, the best choice would be to go for a wall plasma TV stand with bracket.

2. Choose your interior design theme

Obviously, much will depend on your interior design theme. If you are looking for traditional look, you should consider wooden stands. They are normally made of walnut, beech, or oak. If, however, you are designing a very contemporary living room, you will greatly benefit from glossy stands with glass and metal elements. Also, some TV stands feature LED lighting, which looks amazing in any modern interior.

3. Think over the central focus of your room

Finally, there is a central focus of your room to consider. In most living rooms, a TV unit and a sofa in front of it act as a central interior design piece. However, if you are looking for something less ordinary, you can shift the focus of your attention to another furniture piece. In this case, a wooden corner TV stand will be perfect   it will fit unobtrusively into the corner of your room and will not draw a lot of attention to itself.

Of course, those are only the primary things you should bear in mind while looking for plasma TV stand best buy. Obviously, there are considerations of price. No one would like to spend a fortune on a TV unit. In this matter, Furniture in Fashion online store is ready to offer you hundreds of affordable options. In this store, you will have no difficulty finding the best plasma TV stand for sale.

This story was originally published by WKRB News (http://www.wkrb13.com) and is the sole property of WKRB News. If you are reading this article on another website, that means this article was illegally copied and re-published to this website in violation of U.S. and International copyright law. You can view the original version of this story at http://www.wkrb13.com/technology/458811/choose-plasma-tv-stand.html 
2015-08-07
Google, Samsung to issue monthly Android security fixes LAS VEGAS Google Inc and Samsung Electronics Co will release monthly security fixes for Android phones, a growing target for hackers, after the disclosure of a bug designed to attack the world's most popular mobile operating system.

The change came after security researcher Joshua Drake unveiled what he called Stagefright, hacking software that allows attackers to send a special multimedia message to an Android phone and access sensitive content even if the message is unopened.

"We've realized we need to move faster," Android security chief Adrian Ludwig said at this week's annual Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas.

Previously, Google would develop a patch and distribute it to its own Nexus phones after the discovery of security flaws.

But other manufacturers would wait until they wanted to update the software for different reasons before pushing out a fix, exposing most of the more than 1 billion Android users to potential hacks and scams until the fix.

Ludwig also said Google has made other security changes. In an interview, he told Reuters that earlier this year the team broke out incidence rates of malicious software by language. The rate of Russian-language Androids with potentially harmful programs had spiked suddenly to about 9 percent in late 2014, he said.

Google made its roughly weekly security scans of Russian phones more frequent and was able to reduce the problems to close to the global norm.

Ludwig said improvements to recent versions of Android would limit an attack's effectiveness in more than nine out of 10 phones, but Drake said an attacker could keep trying until the gambit worked. Drake said he would release code for the attack by Aug. 24, putting pressure on manufacturers to get their patches out before then.

Nexus phones are being updated with protection this week and the vast majority of major Android handset makers are following suit, Ludwig said.

Samsung Vice President Rick Segal acknowledged that his company could not force the telecommunications carriers that buy its devices in bulk to install the fixes and that some might do so only for higher-end users.

"If it's your business customers, you'll push it," Segal said in an interview. Samsung is the largest maker of Android phones.

Ludwig said many Android security scares were overblown. He added that only about one in 200 Android phones Google can peer into have any potentially harmful applications installed at any point.

Drake noted that those figures exclude some products, including Fire products from Amazon, which use Android.

As with Apple's iPhones, the biggest security risk comes with apps that are not downloaded from the official online stores of the two companies.

Stolen files from Hacking Team, an Italian company selling eavesdropping tools to government agencies around the world, showed that a key avenue was to convince targets to download legitimate-seeming Android and iPhone apps from imposter websites.

(Reporting by Joseph Menn; Editing by Stephen R. Trousdale and Richard Chang) 
2015-05-23
Google Ought To Work With Carriers To Slow Down The Growth Of Adblock Browser ...  Facebook, Inc.'s Addition of Games to Messenger Could Be "Game-Changing" Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) could eventually add mobile games to Messenger, according to The Information. The company is reportedly in talks with developers to create games which work within the Messenger app and can be downloaded from its app store.

These games probably won't arrive anytime soon, but they could eventually turn Messenger -- which has over 600 million monthly active users -- into a diversified platform of its own.

The future of Facebook Messenger

Facebook launched Messenger as a stand-alone app in 2011. However, the company only got serious about turning it into a platform last year, when it required users to download the app to chat with friends.

In March, Facebook added peer-to-peer payment capabilities to Messenger to compete with apps like PayPal's Venmo and Square Cash. That same month, it opened up the platform to third-party developers, who mostly created images and sound clips for chats.

Facebook's long-term goal is for Messenger to evolve into a monolithic chat app like Tencent's WeChat (known as Weixin in China), which has 549 million active users. Last year, Tencent let retailers set up "mini shops" within the app and launched a "Game Center" for in-app installations of games. Last quarter, Tencent reported that gaming revenue from WeChat and its other chat platform, QQ, boosted its online gaming revenue by 28% annually to $2.15 billion.

If Facebook can mimic Tencent's WeChat strategy, it could monetize Messenger's massive user base. The Messenger app would be used for chat, payment, gaming, and e-commerce services, just as the main Facebook app is used for photos, videos, status updates, and sharing links.

The evolution of an old idea

If Facebook convinces social game makers like Zynga (NASDAQ:ZNGA) or King Digital Entertainment (NYSE:KING) to develop Messenger games, it would represent an interesting evolution of the relationship between Facebook and gaming companies.

For many years, Facebook was a solid platform for those social game makers, since it let gamers quickly connect with their friends. But over time, game makers became dependent on users nagging their friends with gaming requests to keep them engaged. This led to a flood of "social gaming spam" on the News Feed, which Facebook addressed by creating a new category of social game requests in 2010. Facebook also offered users more ways to block unwanted app notifications.

If Facebook turns Messenger into a gaming platform, it could force game makers to migrate their apps to Messenger by cutting off their access to the main Facebook app. In exchange, developers would get access to a dedicated messaging, payments, and gaming platform free from the typical News Feed distractions of food and baby photos.

Why this helps Facebook

If Facebook convinces developers to develop games for its mini-app store, the stand-alone Messenger app could cause problems for Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL).

All three companies take a 30% cut of app store sales. Third party app stores like Amazon's Appstore for Android and Samsung's Galaxy App Store keep that revenue for themselves.

Imagine if King launches its next Candy Crush Saga title simultaneously on iOS, Android, and Facebook Messenger. If Messenger users download the game from Facebook's app store first, there's no need to download the same game from iTunes or Google Play. When gamers make in-app purchases in the game, Facebook will take a cut of the revenue instead of Apple or Google. If gamers invite more Facebook friends to download the game, more mobile users could end up playing Facebook's version.

We should also remember that Facebook owns Parse, a popular turnkey solution which adds user authentication, push notifications, social media integration, location data, and data analytics into mobile apps. Facebook already integrates Parse with app install ads in the News Feed for all-in-one subscription plans for hosting and promoting mobile apps. Facebook could lure more developers to the Messenger ecosystem by offering special discounts on that bundle.

Let's not get ahead of ourselves yet...

The idea of Facebook launching its own chat-based ecosystem is interesting, but it probably won't happen anytime soon.

Convincing developers to port games to Messenger could be tough, especially when iTunes and Google Play reach more users. Developers also probably won't be eager to lock themselves inside Facebook's walled garden, especially when their apps can already connect to the network via single sign-ons. It could also be technically tough to develop apps which are compatible with multiple versions of Messenger on different mobile operating systems.

Nonetheless, investors should keep a close eye on Facebook's future plans for Messenger. If the company plays its cards right, it could eventually create a mini-ecosystem within dominant mobile ecosystems like iOS and Android. 
2015-06-13
Will Verizon Communications Inc. Shut Down the Huffington Post? The future of The Huffington Post looks murky after the announcement that Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ) had agreed to acquire its parent company, AOL (NYSE:AOL).

The potential conflicts of interest between the two companies are easy to see. The Huffington Post is a liberal blog and news aggregator, while Verizon generally leans toward the right. For example, the Huffington Post railed against the National Security Agency's mass surveillance programs and supports net neutrality. Verizon took an opposing stance on the latter issue and previously turned over telephone records to the government.

Verizon has promised that The Huffington Post will maintain its editorial independence, but actions speak louder than words. Last year, Verizon shuttered its fledgling tech site, Sugarstring, shortly after writers were warned they could not report on "spying or net neutrality." The New York Times also reported that Arianna Huffington was not sure if her plans for expanding the Post with more videos, bloggers, and potential acquisitions could be executed under Verizon.

How much is The Huffington Post actually worth to Verizon, and could the new owner dramatically alter the site?

Verizon will not shutter The Huffington Post

According to AOL CEO Tim Armstrong, the Post's audience grew tenfold from about 20 million users in 2011 to over 200 million today.

Though the exact financial figures are unknown, a leaked document published by The Smoking Gun reveals that AOL expected Post annual revenue to rise from $60 million in 2011 to $165 million by 2013. Its earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization was expected to rise from $10 million to $58 million.

The New York Times also reported that people with "knowledge of its current finances" said the site now generated "hundreds of millions" in revenue. That is admittedly a drop in the pond for Verizon, which generated $127 billion in revenue last year, but such a major online presence might help the company expand its mobile video and advertising businesses.

Looking ahead, The Huffington Post probably will not have to worry about Verizon censoring its content, due to the public relations fallout from the Sugarstring fiasco.

But does Verizon need The Huffington Post?

This would not be the first time The Huffington Post has adapted to change. The Post was originally a "super blog" that attracted celebrity bloggers and humorists who wrote insightful articles. But under AOL, it evolved into an aggressive news aggregator that churned out articles mainly based on trending topics. It was a controversial move, but the site was simply following the money to generate more ad revenue from more readers.

Verizon could theoretically expand AOL blogs such as the Post, TechCrunch, and Engadget by turning their video content into stand-alone video channels. With AOL's video tech, which was strengthened by its acquisition of video ad company Adap.tv in 2013, Verizon could deliver that content with ads through its new online video service. Verizon already has a small but growing presence in delivering video -- its FiOS TV service reaches 5.6 million U.S. households, and it previously signed a deal with the NFL to let users stream games on their phones.

However, it is unclear if the addition of AOL sites will actually boost advertising revenue. According to eMarketer, AOL controlled just 2.1% of the U.S. digital ad market last year, compared to 38.2% for Google and 17.4% for Facebook.

There has also been speculation that Verizon could eventually spin off or sell The Huffington Post. The site was most recently valued at $1 billion, according to The New York Times, more than triple the amount AOL paid for it. Interested parties include European media companies Le Monde and Axel Springer, private equity firm General Atlantic, and Napster founder Sean Parker.

The key takeaway

Regardless of what happens, Verizon's top and bottom lines will not be driven by the fate of The Huffington Post. However, it will be interesting to see if Verizon will expand the Post, TechCrunch, and Engadget into larger media channels or just sell them off to the highest bidder.

 
2015-07-15
Better Dividend Stock: Cisco Systems Inc. vs. Oracle Corporation? Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO) and Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) are often considered conservative dividend plays for long-term investors. Let's take a closer look at Cisco and Oracle's dividends, sales growth, and valuations to decide which "mature" tech stock is the better income investment.

Dividend basics

Cisco pays a forward annual dividend of 3.1% -- more than double Oracle's 1.5% yield. Over the past 12 months, Cisco paid out 37% of its free cash flow (FCF) as dividends versus 19% for Oracle. Cisco's superior yield and payout ratio make it look more "generous," but it also means Oracle has more room to grow its dividend. Over the past five years, Oracle's trailing 12-month FCF has risen 53% compared to Cisco's 18% gain.

Cisco introduced its dividend in 2011, which it raised annually every year. The company raised its dividend an average of 15% over the past three years. Oracle started paying its dividend in 2013, but only raised its dividend once earlier this year, by 25%.

The numbers that matter

Based on those figures, Cisco looks like the better dividend stock, but both companies also need healthy top- and bottom-line growth to keep paying out dividends. Over the past five years, Oracle's revenue and earnings growth have outpaced Cisco's.

That's because Oracle is primarily a higher-margin software company, while Cisco is a lower-margin hardware one.

In fiscal 2015, 77% of Oracle's revenue came from its software and cloud businesses, while 14% came from hardware and 9% came from services. Oracle's total software and cloud revenues rose about 1% annually, but new software-license revenue -- a key metric of market demand -- slipped 9.4%. Operating margins also declined from 39% in 2014 to 36% in 2015, which caused net income to fall 9.3%. Total revenue remained flat on a year-over-year basis.

Oracle posted over 30% annual sales growth in the critical growth areas of software, platform, and infrastructure as a service, which generated $2.1 billion in combined revenues last year. But that growth lags behind market leaders like Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), which grew its AWS cloud service revenue by 49% annually last quarter with an annual run rate of $6 billion.

By comparison, 77% of Cisco's revenue came from hardware and 23% came from its services during the first nine months of fiscal 2015. The bulk of Cisco's hardware revenue comes from sales of routers, switches, and other networking equipment, which all face stiff competition from lower-priced rivals like ZTE and Huawei. But thanks to its ongoing shift toward higher-margin security software and services, Cisco's operating margins have held steady in the high teens and lower 20s over the past five years. During the first nine months of 2015, Cisco's revenue and net income respectively rose 4.4% and 18.8% annually.

Valuations and the future

The numbers tell us that although Oracle has a history of stronger sales and earnings growth, Cisco is clearly posting better growth this year. Oracle currently trades at 18 times earnings, which is significantly lower than the industry average P/E of 37 for the application software sector. Cisco has a P/E of 16, which is also lower than the industry average of 20 for the networking equipment sector.

Looking ahead, Oracle will keep playing catch-up in cloud services -- a market that is now crowded with massive rivals like Microsoft, Google, and IBM. The fierce competition between these companies is already lowering price expectations across the market, so Oracle's margins could decline further if it lowers prices to remain competitive.

Cisco, on the other hand, will likely leverage its dominant position in networking hardware to sell more software through hardware/software bundles. In the past, that tactic crushed smaller rivals like Aruba Networks, which was acquired by Hewlett-Packard earlier this year. But it's still unclear if that strategy will work against disruptive Chinese rivals like Huawei.

The winner: Cisco

Cisco and Oracle both face big challenges over the next few years. But Cisco is the better long-term dividend pick for three simple reasons: it has a better yield, a more consistent history of dividend hikes, and better top- and bottom-line growth over the past year. Oracle has the free cash flow to pay bigger dividends, but it doesn't seem interested in boosting its yield for income investors. Toshiba faces $3 billion in charges over accounting scandal: sources TOKYO Toshiba Corp expects 300-400 billion yen ($2.4-3.2 billion) in charges related to improper accounting in an expanding probe that is set to force Chief Executive Hisao Tanaka to step down, sources familiar with the matter said on Wednesday.

The Japanese conglomerate has hired a third-party committee to investigate past book-keeping practices which sources say led to profits being overstated by more than 170 billion yen. That's more than triple Toshiba's initial estimate of around 50 billion yen.

The charges include six years of overstated profits uncovered by the committee, as well as various writedowns, the people told Reuters.

The company has been unable to finalize its accounts for the past financial year and suspended its year-end dividend payout due to the investigation. It was not clear how much of the charges would be booked in the last year. Its net income in the last fiscal year through March 2014 was 51 billion yen.

Other sources with knowledge of the probe have said investigators were looking into the role that top officials played in the irregularities, focusing on whether they had knowingly encouraged wrongdoing. The committee is expected to release its findings next week.

The scandal is a reminder that Japan Inc is still in the early stages of a campaign backed by Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to improve corporate governance. Toshiba's shares have slumped around 27 percent in Tokyo since April when the company first disclosed irregularities in its books.

The independent committee is likely to say Toshiba needs a governance overhaul, and more than half of its board including Vice Chairman Norio Sasaki will likely be replaced along with Tanaka at the next shareholders' meeting in September, sources said on Wednesday. The sources declined to be identified because they were not authorized to speak with media.

A Toshiba spokeswoman said the company had not yet made any decision on the matter and was waiting for the third-party committee to release its findings.

AGGRESSIVE TARGETS

The laptops-to-nuclear conglomerate first disclosed accounting irregularities in early April, two months after financial regulators ordered a report on past bookkeeping.

Sources said previously that one theory investigators were looking into was that executives, worried about the impact of the 2011 Fukushima disaster on its nuclear unit, set overly aggressive targets in new businesses such as smart meters and electronic toll booths, encouraging the understating of costs and overestimating of revenue.

It was not immediately clear who could replace Tanaka and other directors. The company said last month that it was considering appointing more outside directors to the board.

Ironically, Toshiba was one of the early companies in opening up its board to outsiders with a quarter of its current 16 board members independent. Critics say the independent members, including two former diplomats, likely lacked the skills to contribute to strategy or rigor in oversight.

(Additional reporting by Ritsuko Ando and Reiji Murai; Editing by Ryan Woo and Keith Weir) Google Inc Wisely Tightens Its Belt Unlike many companies during and after the financial crisis, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) famously decided not to truly cut spending during the Great Recession. Its research and development costs have increased 363% since 2007, from $2.12 billion to $9.83 billion, and its total costs increased 330% during that period. On an annualized basis, those figures are 24.5% and 23%, respectively, as the company invested in its workers and innovation while others recoiled.

Long-term investors have been rewarded by this increased spending, with the stock up nearly 150% on a split-adjusted basis. The investments appeared to bear fruit, as the company's top line grew only slightly slower than its increased investments on an annualized basis (21.7%). More recently, however, top line growth has started to slow. During the last full fiscal year, growth fell to 18.9% and just 12% year-over-year for last quarter -- an ominous sign of things to come.

As such, it is understandable for Google to tighten its belt as top line growth has slowed, and its stock performance has languished. That is what an article from The Wall Street Journal outlines, as it quotes people familiar with the matter. This, however, does not appear to be a slash-and-burn job -- the company appears to be wisely addressing its costs and still making prudent investments for growth.

Strategic hiring that aligns organization to goals

Its newest hiring rules are perhaps the best examples of how Google will become more strategic with capital allocation. According to the Journal, after years of adding staff every year, the executive team is working to select employees to match growth and specific business objectives rather than indiscriminate head count additions. In some ways, Google has already done this, as the company slowed hiring from its average of 2,435 to 1,819 last quarter. The article mentions Google's struggling social media division, Google+, as an area where hiring has been capped.

More broadly, it seems Google is transitioning from a de facto "use-it-or-lose-it" model of capital allocation to a more strategic one. One of the biggest complaints of the United States government by deficit hawks is the use-it-or-lose-it model where agencies spend money to avoid the appearances of surpluses, as they fear surpluses will lead to future appropriation cuts.

However, although it is less reported than government spending, this happens with companies as well, as in some cases divisional managers can increase head counts unnecessarily for pure vanity. The flip side of lower resources, however, is the Fiefdom Syndrome that plagued the Microsoft of yesteryear, where managers actively colluded against other divisions for resources and attention. Fortunatey, I do not think the modest spending cuts and culture at Google will allow this extreme scenario to take hold.

What about that top line?

What expense cutting does not do, however, is grow the top line. And that is what's ailing Google right now. As previously mentioned, first quarter increased just 12% year-over-year. And while that is phenomenal for most large-cap companies, investors expect more from Google, and many have noted slower year-over-year aggregate click rates and lower cost-per-click figures. In addition, cutting expenses has the potential to hurt the top line, as lower investment generally leads to less innovation.

That said, I think the company is wise to tighten its belt. Google appeared to be the poster child for profligate spending with its famous Google X moonshots such as a self-driving car, drone delivery projects, Google Glass, and Project Loon (the balloon-based Internet service system). Pruning some of these low return projects for the short-term is a wise move.

Finally, the timing of this story is rather odd. While venture capitalists provided the scoop to the Journal and not the company itself, the announcement that Google is looking to cut expenses seems rather odd three days before earnings. While it is a fool's (lowercase, of course) errand to try to trade earnings announcements, and we believe in long-term investing (and the long-term value of an investment with Google), an early leak of the expense reduction news is not the most positive sign for short-term investors. 3 ETFs That Are Riding the Coattails of Amazon and Facebook  
2015-02-22
AT&T Inc. Now Wants You to Pay for Privacy -- Here's How Much On the heels of AT&T(NYSE:T) launching its super fast fiber Internet service (called GigaPower) in Kansas City, the Wall Street Journal reported this week that the $70 monthly price comes with a caveat: users have to allow AT&T to track their web browsing. As in, all of it. If customers do not like it, they can pay up to keep their privacy -- for an extra $29 per month.

While most companies allow users to opt out of tracking for free, AT&T argues the addititional cost for opting out of its "Internet Preferences" is not actually a, uh, fee. The company says the base $70 GigaPower price is actually discounted with the remainder made up through advertising. "We can offer a lower price to customers participating in AT&T Internet Preferences, because advertisers will pay us for the opportunity to deliver relevant advertising and offers tailored to our customer's interests," an AT&T rep told WSJ.

And just in case users think they can circumvent the tracking, the company makes it clear any browser or computer settings will not allow you to get around their system.

But why do this?

AT&T answers for itself: "If you participate in AT&T Internet Preferences, we may use information about your individual Web browsing activity to deliver ads and offers tailored to your interests. For example, if you search for a car online, you may receive an email notifying you of a local dealership's sale," (bold mine).

Yay email ads!

But lots of companies track what you do online, so what is AT&T doing exactly?

The company collects, "The webpages you visit, the time you spend on each, the links or ads you see and follow, and the search terms you enter."

Oh cool, it is like having a friend standing over your shoulder watching everything you do online. Except AT&T is not your friend, and it feels super creepy.

But wait, there is more! "We will not collect information from secure (https) or otherwise encrypted sites, such as when you enter your credit card to buy something online or do online banking on a secure site."

So AT&T is very clear the company isn't a thief. Good to know.

If you think this is terrible idea for a company to charge for privacy, you are not alone. Ars Technica reported earlier this week that while Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) obviously tracks users to serve up ads, the company is not doing it the same way as AT&T.

The Google Fiber privacy page says, "Other information from the use of Google Fiber Internet (such as URLs of websites visited or content of communications) will not be associated with the Google Account you use for Fiber, except with your consent or to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request."

Basically, Google is not going to use Fiber user information and pair it together with other ad-related tracking systems users have already opted into on other Google services.

Why this matters for AT&T

Of course, charging for data privacy is not going to affect the bottom line either way. AT&T GigaPower service is available for such a small population that it can get away with doing this without a massive backlash, and any revenue it makes from customers signing up for it is minuscule.

But I would bet the company is going to feel some major pressure to end this practice as GigaPower expands, particularly as it moves further into Google Fiber territory.

Google does not charge extra for a non-tracking service, which means AT&T will just end up looking like it is trying to siphon more money from GigaPower customers and doing it in an off-putting "pay up or we will be watching" kind of way. 
2015-07-03
SWOT Analysis of Google Inc. Shares of Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) have slipped 7% to 9% over the past 12 months, and many investors are likely wondering if the search giant's days of growth are over. To decide, let's do a basic SWOT (strengths, weakness, opportunities, and threats) analysis of Google's business.

Strengths

Google has two core strengths. Its search engine processes nearly 70% of the world's queries, and Android powers nearly 80% of smartphones worldwide. Therefore, it isn't surprising that Google is the largest Internet advertising company in the world by annual revenues.

Google leverages its strengths in search and mobile by corralling users into its ecosystem with useful apps like Maps, Drive, Gmail, YouTube, and Google Now. These apps gather information on users, enabling Google to craft better targeted ads across its network. In addition to selling ads, Google generates additional mobile revenue by taking a 30% cut of Play Store purchases. Those growth engines pumped out robust top and bottom line growth over the past five years.

Google's ad-dependent business model enables it to launch free operating systems and productivity software, giving it an advantage against Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), which relies on revenue from paid software. Google pulled all those free apps together with Chromebooks, which are aimed at students, young professionals, and small to medium-sized businesses. Chromebooks only accounted for 1% of the PC market last year, but Gartner estimates that their share might rise to 4% by 2017.

Weaknesses

Google's greatest strength is also its biggest weakness. With over 90% of its revenues coming from advertising, Google is vulnerable to fluctuating demand for its ads. One of Google's most closely watched figures is the "cost-per-click" (CPC) of ads, which measures how much advertisers are willing to pay for traffic. In the first quarter, Google's CPC fell 7% annually, compared to a 3% decline in the fourth quarter of 2014.

As the value of Google's ads declined, the value of Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) ads climbed, due to its strategy of throttling the number of displayed ads to inflate demand. Last quarter, the average price of a Facebook ad soared 285% annually even though total ad views dropped 62%. Facebook also generated more than triple the amount of mobile display ad revenue of Google last year, according to eMarketer.

Google's ad network, which sprawls across websites and apps, is also vulnerable to Facebook's in-app Audience Network ads and single sign-on buttons. The more time users spend in these Facebook-connected apps, the less data Google can mine.

Google also has an alarmingly high turnover rate, among both top execs and regular employees. Google employees only have a median tenure of 1.1 years, according to PayScale, giving it the fourth-highest turnover rate of any major U.S. company. That brain drain could cause Google to lose its competitive edge against rivals like Facebook.

Opportunities

Despite those weaknesses, Google is shoring up its defenses against Facebook's mobile advance. With Android M (6.0), which will arrive later this year, Google will add context-based searches of apps and replacements of app-based browsers with Chrome overlays. Both moves could help Google mine data from apps, even if they're tethered to Facebook's ecosystem.

Google is also expanding into the enterprise market with Android for Work and Chrome for Work, two efforts aimed at pulling small and medium-sized businesses away from Microsoft and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Google's expansion into streaming music with Google Play Music could also generate fresh revenue from ads and subscriptions.

Looking further ahead, Google has plenty of opportunities for long-term growth, including driverless cars, smart home efforts, robotics projects, artificial intelligence, medical equipment, and even medicine. Although many of these efforts are "moonshots" that might never generate meaningful revenue, the success of just one could diversify Google's top line away from advertising.

Threats

Three key rivals -- Facebook, Amazon, and Apple -- could derail Google's plans.

Facebook's 1.44 billion monthly active users make it the first stop for any company looking to advertise on social media. Its streamlined app and ability to rapidly grow a "hidden" network of third-party apps and sites through single sign-ons should continue to be a thorn in Google's side.

Meanwhile, the more people who go directly to Amazon to shop, the fewer product search queries Google can process. Last year, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt admitted that "almost a third of people looking to buy something started on Amazon ... more than twice the number who went straight to Google."

Lastly, Apple is slowly carving Google out of its ecosystem. Last year, it replaced Google with Bing as the default search engine for Siri and Spotlight. It's also blocking Google Maps on CarPlay and will enable ad-blockers for mobile Safari in iOS 9. That's bad news for Google, which relied on iOS for 75% of its mobile ad revenues last year, according to Goldman Sachs.

The road ahead

In my opinion, Google faces too many disruptive challengers to be considered a safe long-term investment. Its core search and ad revenues are strong, but its inability to expand into social networking or shopping is worrisome. Unless Google can shore up its defenses against Facebook, Amazon, and Apple, the value of Google's ads could continue sliding. Stick-on smart sensor offers hassle-free car hire Renting a car is often fraught with worry. If the car is damaged in any way, the renter could be in line for a hefty bill; even if the car was stationary at the time. But a novel sensing technology could spell the end of disputes over liability if a car is damaged by accurately determining who is to blame.

DropTag Drive, from development firm Cambridge Consultants, is a small tag that is fixed to the inside of a car's windshield and continually monitors all vehicle accelerations and impacts during the hire period. The technology is based on an existing condition monitoring device that was developed by Cambridge Consultants to track a parcel's location if it was damaged at any time in transit.

DropTag product manager Tom Lawrie-Fussey said the device could end the anxiety that surrounds car hire; letting people keep tabs on the vehicle when it's parked and help settle any arguments over who might be to blame in a crash.

"The key difference is effectively bringing a degree of accountability and trust to the whole scenario. So, we've probably all had the situation where we're returning the hire car; you have that uncertainty of are they going to spot something that you haven't seen on the body, is there a big cue, it's just the unknown of what's going to happen at this stage of my holiday or whatever position you're in. So what DropTag Drive is doing is basically removing all of that. So you have an app; at all times while you're using that car you can interrogate via the app the condition of the car," said Lawrie-Fussey.

The sensor is attached to the inside windshield of the vehicle. Lawrie-Fussey explained that this actually boosted the sensitivity of DropTag Drive to the extent that very low instances of impact could be detected: "We find that the windshield actually acts as a natural amplifier of what's happening on the car, which means we can get down to very, very low instances of scratching, impacting etc, etc. So we've done a lot of vehicle tests with the tag stuck to a whole variety of different cars, and we're very much down at the 1 or 2 mile-per-hour impact speed now. Often those sorts of impacts don't actually cause any damage to the car, but that's the level at which we're able to sense."

DropTag Drive uses Bluetooth technology and connects to a smartphone. It's 'always on' - sensing what is happening to the vehicle and sending the data to the driver and the car hire company via a smartphone app. The real-time data is compiled to produce an accurate picture of what the car goes through during the hire period.

"We also know a great deal about the context of what you're doing. So, for example, we know how many people have got in the car approximately by how many door closes we see. We know when the engine's on, we know when you've driven off etc. etc. The reason we're doing that is when, for example, you do have an incident, we're then very easily to say what was going on. So, yes you may have been driving, but you may have been stationary at the time. And if that's the case and someone hit you then again, you want to tell the hire car company that 'hang on, this really wasn't my fault'."

If no incidents are detected during the hire period, the app will give the driver the all-clear and they will be able to just drop off their car with the rental company.

The makers say the low-cost electronics and sophisticated power management mean, in high volumes, the cost for a hire car company works out at just  1 (1.6 USD) per tag per month. This includes precise sensing at a level of performance comparable to devices costing much more.

"It is a very sensitive, very subtle acceleration sensor. Not hugely dissimilar from what you'd expect to find in a smart phone. But because of the way we're mounting the device on to the windshield, because the device itself is so light, so small, we're able to have really a much better view of what's going on with the car. We can go to a much higher level of resolution, of sensitivity, to see things that - as far as we're aware - nothing else can really get close to," said Lawrie-Fussey.

The makers say the device has been comprehensively tested on a variety of car models and the app could be easily integrated into a rental company's existing mobile platforms. DropTag Drive, they say, gives rental companies real-time visibility of how its cars are being driven and suggest that car hire pricing could be adjusted according to whether a customer is a low-risk or high-risk driver. 
2015-06-30
Google, Inc. Takes Aim at the Internet of Things, Again Taking potshots at Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and its bevy of far-flung innovation efforts is fairly easy. The list of failed, or at least stalled, over-the-top initiatives is a long one, beginning with Google Glass. Toss in driverless cars, nanotechnology, and those odd-looking Internet-beaming balloons as part of Project Loon, and it's no wonder some industry pundits have pointed to Google's borderline innovations as the reason for its stock's underperformance.

When Google CEO Larry Page recently announced the latest venture to invest in smart cities, called Sidewalk Labs, the groan from the Street was almost audible. Add to that the introduction of Google's new-ish Nest camera for smart homes and recent projections that suggest Google's smart-car solution, Android Auto, is poised for significant growth, and it becomes obvious Page and team have lost touch with reality.

Right?

Not so fast.

Unlike Glass or Project Loon, the Internet of Things, or IOT -- which includes smart cities, cars, and homes -- isn't some pie-in-the-sky notion: It's real, it's poised to explode, and Google is sitting on what could prove to be a treasure trove.

What's all this IOT stuff?

The gist of IOT is connecting virtually everything around us -- cars, stop lights, doorknobs, and home security cameras, to name but a few -- with sensors to track and monitor the usage off all those "connected" items. And that's just the first step in a truly IOT-connected world.

Utilizing IOT sensors, the items, or "things," as research firm Gartner refers to them, are automated to alert consumers through a smart device if someone has entered a home unexpectedly, for example, or alter stop lights based on traffic to make commutes safer and more efficient. The list of possibilities for implementing IOT-related technologies goes on and on, and according to Gartner and others, it's poised to absolutely explode.

This year alone, Gartner has forecasted the sale of nearly 5 billion IOT "things," and that figure is expected to balloon to 25 billion in just five years. Another report suggests that IOT will add $1.7 trillion to the global economy by 2019. It's abundantly clear that Google's IOT efforts -- along with those of other big hitters such as Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO) and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) -- shouldn't be mentioned in the same breath as Glass or Loon balloons.

Spreading its IOT wings

The Sidewalk Labs initiative elicited some groans, but its focus on smart cities is spot-on. As big as IOT is expected to become, smart cities are projected to account for the most device shipments of any sector. That's why Cisco has spent so much time and money investing in its global "Innovation Centers" to tap regional talent and continue developing smart-city solutions worldwide. With deals already inked with cities including Hamburg, Germany, and Santiago, Chile, not to mention its new "Connected Roadways" solution that melds disparate transportation systems into one "smart" structure, Cisco is off and running.

But thanks to Sidewalk Labs, Google intends to give Cisco a run for its smart-city money. The plan is to make "transportation more efficient and lowering the cost of living, reducing energy usage and helping government operate more efficiently," and smart cities are just one arrow in Google's IOT quiver. A recent report from IHS maintains that over the next few years, Google and Apple will dominate the smart-car market, another fast-growing sector within IOT.

In five years, Google's smart-car solution, Android Auto, will find its way into nearly 40 million autos. Apple and its CarPlay platform won't be far behind, synced with over 37 million iFans' cars. The two longtime rivals will also battle it out for a share of the world's homes, but Google appears to have a jump-start with its Nest camera as its "smart" hub, along with its thermostat and smoke alarm. Imagine setting your Nest camera so it's connected to audio that will automatically shoo your dog off the couch while you're off at work or play. Like many things associated with IOT, the possibilities seem endless.

The line of investors pooh-poohing Google's many far-flung innovation efforts is a long one, but its IOT push doesn't belong on that list. In and of themselves, smart cities, cars, and homes have tremendous potential, not to mention that they could help Google diversify its ad-heavy revenue sources. But combined, Google's plans to dominate IOT across sectors may prove to be a game-changer. Amazon launches one-hour delivery service in London A parcel travels along a conveyer belt at Amazon's new distribution center in Brieselang, near Berlin November 28, 2013. REUTERS/Tobias Schwarz

SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc launched its one-hour delivery service, Prime Now, for select areas of London on Tuesday and said it would expand the program to additional cities in the United Kingdom by the end of the year.

For a fee of 6.99 pounds, Amazon Prime members can have orders worth 20 pounds ($31.43) or more delivered in one hour, the company said on its UK website on Tuesday. (amzn.to/1KmXU4O)

"This is just the beginning. London is our first Prime Now city in the UK and we are already working on making Prime Now available in more postcodes in London and beyond," Christopher North, managing director of Amazon UK, said in a statement posted on the online retailer's website.

The launch in London is the first time Prime Now is available outside of the United States, where it began offering the service six months ago.

Amazon Prime, the flagship membership service that launched a decade ago, has become key to Amazon's growth and a vital testing ground for new services ranging from TV and on-demand video to delivery-by-drone.

The ecommerce company said Prime's wordwide paid membership grew 53 percent last year.

Amazon said it will offer free two-hour to same-day window deliveries between 8 a.m. and midnight.

In December, Amazon launched Prime Now in parts of New York, then expanded the service to other cities including Baltimore and Miami.

($1 = 0.6364 pound)

(Reporting by Mari Saito in San Francisco and Abhirup Roy in Bengaluru; editing by Kirti Pandey and David Gregorio) Two Uber executives to go on trial in France on Sept. 30 An illustration picture shows the logo of car-sharing service app Uber on a smartphone next to the picture of an official German taxi sign in Frankfurt, September 15, 2014. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach

PARIS Two executives from California-based Uber will face trial in France on Sept. 30, the Paris public prosecutor said on Tuesday, part of a French crackdown on what the government calls an illegal taxi service.

Thibaud Simphal, manager of Uber France, and Pierre-Dimitri Gore-Coty, general manager for western Europe, were detained by police on Monday in an investigation that earlier led to Uber's offices being raided by police in March.

The investigation focuses on one of the company's local transport options known as UberPOP, which allows passengers to book rides with private drivers via mobile phones, a service which licensed taxi operators say is unfair competition.

A French law from October 2014 already placed a ban on putting clients in touch with unregistered drivers with apps such as UberPOP. But Uber has contested the rule, saying it is counter to the right to freedom to do business.

The Uber executives will be judged on charges including carrying out deceitful commercial practices and being complicit in illegal operation of a taxi service by providing drivers with means to do so and encouraging them to, Paris prosecutor Francois Molins said in a statement.

Charges also include keeping and using personal data without authorization by France's data privacy watchdog.

Uber said in a statement later on Tuesday that it wanted to "continue constructive talks with the government" on transport regulations and that it hoped France's Constitutional Council would give its view on the 2014 law by the end of September. It did not comment on the trial.

Uber has triggered protests by taxi drivers from London to New Delhi as it upends traditional business models that require professional drivers to pay often steep fees for licenses to operate cabs.

The various regulatory battles could affect the valuation of the unlisted company, currently above $40 billion based on its most recent fund raisings.

In France, the backlash intensified last week when taxi drivers blockaded major transport hubs in a sometimes violent protest against what they say is unfair competition.

The protests were among the fiercest in a series of strikes and demonstrations across Europe against San Francisco-based Uber, whose backers include Goldman Sachs and Google.

(Reporting by Chine Labbe; Writing by Ingrid Melander; editing by Mark John and Keith Weir) Xiaomi takes first big step outside Asia with Brazil smartphone SAO PAULO Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has started making devices in Brazil for sale locally, promising to dramatically undercut rivals on price in the first big step beyond Asia for the world's most valuable technology start-up.

Xiaomi's global vice-president, Hugo Barra, said in an interview on Tuesday that Brazil was "stage one of our Latin America launch," pointing to Mexico and Colombia as logical next steps in the region, although he declined to say when.

Without traditional advertising or stores, China's top-selling smartphone company is betting that a tempting price tag will capture the attention of Brazilians who have become increasingly cost sensitive as their economy sours.

"We offer high-quality products at incredibly aggressive prices, so we're starting with larger developing markets where people are very price-sensitive," Barra told Reuters.

At a launch event earlier in the day, he announced that the entry-level Redmi 2 smartphone would go on sale in Brazil next week for 499 reais ($160).

The phones are already rolling off an assembly line outside of Sao Paulo run by Foxconn Technology Group, the same contract manufacturer making Apple's iPhone in the country since 2011.

An unlocked Brazilian iPhone can retail for more than $1,000 - one of the highest prices in the world and well above what they sell for in the United States. Even more affordable options in the country remain out of the reach of ordinary Brazilians.

Just three years after selling its first phone, Beijing-based Xiaomi, dubbed 'China's Apple', is worth $45 billion, making it the most valuable start-up in the technology sector.

By choosing Brazil as its first smartphone market outside of Asia, Xiaomi keeps its focus on emerging consumer markets, working in from the edges of a global market dominated by giants such as Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co.

Brazil's smartphone market is also at a tipping point, with users swapping simpler feature phones for smartphones to keep up their avid social-media habits. Smartphone sales in the country jumped 55 percent to 54.5 million units last year despite stagnant economic growth, according to market research firm IDC.

Xiaomi, which is the fifth-highest selling smartphone brand in the world, aims to break into the Brazilian market with its novel business model, Barra said. Low profit margins on handsets are meant to win user loyalty for the company's software and an array of more profitable home electronics and accessories.

($1 = 3.11 Brazilian reais)

(Reporting by Brad Haynes; Editing by Alan Crosby and Christian Plumb) Fintech explosion puts banks in digital firing line FRANKFURT The world s top banks and insurers are seeing their business models challenged by  fintech  start-ups, which are reshaping what consumers and businesses expect from financial services, industry insiders and experts say.

A report out Tuesday from the World Economic Forum (WEF), the Swiss-based corporate think-tank which runs the Davos summit of world leaders, says major disruptions lie ahead for the once highly profitable financial services industry.

Foreshadowing the end of the friendly local bank manager, UK regulators last week granted a banking license to Atom, a "branch-free, paper-free" institution which its customers must on their own mobile phones or tablets.

The WEF study joins a flood of recent reports including one from Santander InnoVentures, the venture arm of Banco Santander, which argues digital technologies are eroding the bulwarks of the financial services industry, just as it did in travel and entertainment a decade or more ago.

Recent market entrants are taking advantage of the plummeting cost of cloud-computing capacity to go head-to-head with banks in terms of raw transaction and data-crunching analytical power, what Santander's study has dubbed Fintech 2.0.

"Pre-digital business models and processes will be

rendered obsolete, and billions of dollars of value will shift to 'new model' suppliers," the Santander report predicts.

Rising investments in fintech start-ups globally are fuelling the challenge to entrenched players, with $12.2 billion plowed into such ventures last year, more than threefold the total of 2013, according to data supplied by research firm CB Insights.

BANKS WITH NO BRICKS

The generation born after 1980 have largely abandoned bank branches already. Younger people turn instead to virtual fintech brands such as eToro for social-media style investing, Moven in mobile banking, Prosper for loans and a growing number of crowd-funding platforms to finance projects.

"Bankers always claim that they are close to their customers because they have all these retail branches," Berlin fintech entrepreneur Valentin Stalf said in an interview. "I think branches are holding banks back from reaching their customers."

Stalf, 29, is co-founder and chief executive of Number26, a financial services marketplace for mobile users in the German-speaking world that has received backing from top Silicon Valley investor Peter Thiel, among other investors.

"I don't see banks at all as my competitors," Number26 CEO Stalf says. "They just can't move fast enough."

Bankers who once thought financial regulation was a barrier to new entrants are seeing non-bank fintech rivals go after their most profitable markets, while avoiding regulated pieces of business, said Huw van Steenis, head of European bank research at Morgan Stanley, who contributed to the WEF report.

While challenges to banking are more imminent, insurers may face bigger threats in the long-run as troves of online data usher in new types of personalized health, life and drivers insurance, upending the model of mutualized financial risk that has been at the heart of the industry, the WEF report predicts.

In investment management, "robo-advisors" have begun to automate wealth advisory roles, calling into question face-to-face meetings and proprietary distribution channels. Meanwhile, robo-lenders threaten to eat banks' lunch.

Most of new fintech firms selectively partner with technology providers who possess their own banking licenses, rather than waiting to procure banking licenses in country after country. They partner and outsource much of the underlying technology they use, slashing costs, while boosting flexibility.

A complication of the exploding number of lending platforms is that it is becoming harder for banks or credit card firms to get a comprehensive view of creditworthiness.

Both reports still see life ahead for major financial service brands, but not as universal, full-service banks or insurers. Instead they predict an era of growing specialization while relying online partnerships to deliver non-core services.

Incumbents are learning new tricks from challengers, adapting existing services to make them convenient for customers and finding ways to collaborate with new fintech players, leading industry dividing lines to blur, both studies agree.

A World Economic Forum graphic sums up the fintech scene at link.reuters.com/zat94w

(Editing by David Holmes and William Hardy) 
2015-11-04
Analysts Weigh In On Tech Giants In Light Of Earnings: Facebook Inc (FB ... Earnings season always brings surprises and serves as a catalyst for ratings. In light of impending and recent reports, analysts weigh in on the social giant Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and search giant Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

Facebook Inc

Facebook will report Q3 15 results today after the bell. Ahead of the release, Sarah Hindlian from Brean Capital weighed in on the social media giant, maintaining a Buy rating on the stock with a $111 price target. The analyst expects the company to beat consensus estimate by ~1.5% and assured that the company is a long-term pick, and advises to buy on any dips.

According to Hindlian, while the foreign exchange (FX) environment worsened by almost 100-150 basis points since Facebook s Q2 report, the company has been able to offset damage by strong video & carousel ads, ongoing budget shifts to digital/ social and Instagram s ramp up.

Hindlian is bullish on the fundamentals of the company and its potential to ramp products, including Instagram, WhatsApp, Oculus Rift, and Messenger. However, she also upholds a degree of caution given rising expectations, premium valuation, an adverse FX environment, in addition to the uncertainty around FY16 s initial expense guidance.

Hindlian estimates that Facebook will post Total Revenues of $4.396 billion, up 37% year-over-year vs. consensus of $4.37 billion; Ad Revenues of $4.184 billion, up 41% year-over-year vs. consensus estimate of $4.17 billion; and EPS of $0.54 vs. consensus of $0.52. According to the analyst, although Facebook has posted upside to the consensus ad revenue forecasts for the past five consecutive quarters, the magnitude of the beats have been declining, partly due to the tough FX environment. However, the FX environment has improved quarter-to-date during 4Q15.

Hindlian expects Facebook to provide some insight into its cost growth trajectory, though she credits that Facebook is wisely investing into its infrastructure and products. The analyst also mentions that Facebook has been consistently lowering its initial expense guidance each quarter, and she therefore anticipates an early outlook may be overly conservative. Hindlian concludes  We believe Facebook is a critical play on a secular shift in the $700bn global advertising industry to the Internet. 

Hindlian has rated Facebook s stock 7 times. Based on these ratings, her success rate for the stock is 100% and her average return on the stock is 19.6%. Out of 21 analysts polled by TipRanks who have recently rated Facebook s stock, all of them have unanimously rated the company as a Buy with no trace of any bearish sentiments. The average consensus price target for the stock is $116.81, an upside of about 13% over current levels.

Alphabet Inc.

Earlier this week, Victor Anthony from Axiom Capital weighed in on Alphabet, the new parent company of Google. Anthony maintained his Buy rating on the stock and increased his price target to $900 from $850.

Anthony increased his price target due to his belief that  Alphabet will generate higher mobile search and YouTube revenues than we had previously modeled. After reevaluating his model, Anthony determined that his estimates for both mobile search and YouTube revenues were too low for 2016 and 2017. At the same time, he chooses to be conservative in terms of expenses. He s increased the 2016 revenues and adjusted EBITDA by 8% and 1% respectively, and also increased the Adjusted EPS by $1.56 to $34.36.

For 2017, Anthony says,  We have increased our revenue and Adj. EBITDA by 14% and 7% respectively, and our Adjusted EPS by $4.18 to $42.10.  All of these changes have led to the revision of the price target.

In his report, Anthony points to other key highlights for Alphabet. In terms of Search, he says, Google has successfully transitioned to mobile while the competition has been largely ineffective in taking a material share. He adds,  User appetite for conducting searches remains strong, and demand from advertisers for Search ads is high.  Also, YouTube continues to benefit from services like TrueView ads and Google Preferred and is well poised to capture TV ad budgets.

According to Anthony, some of the risks to the Alphabet story are the lingering antitrust investigations in Europe and increasing competition from Facebook and Twitter for online video ad dollars as well as for direct response advertising.

According to TipRanks  statistics, out of 22 ratings for Google s stock, Anthony has a success rate of 61% with an average return on the stock of 8.3%. Out of 37 analysts polled by TipRanks who have recently rated Alphabet s stock, 35 have rated it as Buy and 2 have rated it as Hold; none of the analysts have given a Sell rating to the stock. The average consensus price target for the stock is $827.89, an upside of nearly 10% over current levels. Facebook Inc (FB) and Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Google's Pursuit for Artificial ... Two big companies, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), have been pursuing artificial intelligence vigorously. The social media company is testing AI features to enable users to answer questions about a photo. The company indicated that the objective of the feature was to help blind people see images that were uploaded to the social networking site. On the other hand, the search engine giant will use a fresh tool to reply to user s emails. Though it looked like a hectic competition, both companies were focusing on very different aspects.

Pushing Hard To Create AI Capabilities

During a web conference in Ireland, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) s CTO, Mike Schroepfer, said that the company was able to progress in the artificial intelligence program. It has been pushing hard in AI along with other tech firms like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Google. The social media firm unveiled a technology earlier this year that is known as  Memory Networks.  That enables a machine to carry out the sophisticated question and answer. There was a demonstration where a system was fed with the synopsis and answers the questions.

Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) s Schroepfer confirmed that the company was engaged in a trial that will enable a machine to spot various aspects of a picture. It would then answer questions about it. He said that there was a lot in the visual and most of the sharing was either videos or photos on social networking sites. Therefore, most of the time of the user was devoted to processing visual imagery. The CTO said that one of the important factors to establish the system was teaching computers to realize the visual world. He indicated that the company would come out with some breakthrough of work that it has done probably on image segmentation.

Automated Reply

On the other hand, it is well-known fact that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Google has been in the process of developing a driver-less car with the help of artificial intelligence. The company is now applying a different twist on the idea of  automated reply . The search engine giant s new tool would help to write responses to the email by artificial intelligence method. It was part of an update program to Google s Inbox app. The update would manage, as well as, organize emails. The company is currently engaged in training machines on how to reduce the burden of humans by shifting some of the tasks managed by humans.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Google is also said to be using an artificial program known as  RankBrain  to help conclude the pecking order in its search results. In the last six-year period, the company is involved in the car project without any need for a human to steer the wheel. As far as the current experiment is concerned, the search engine giant indicated that it has established a program, which identifies the incoming email that merit immediate responses. That will be followed by figuring out the proper wording of the mail.

Choices Given To Users

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Google indicated that the users would be given three options before a reply is sent. The responses that the user chooses would enable its computers to understand the ones that work best for the user. The company believes that its new  smart reply  choice would be popular among the smartphone users even on smaller device with touch-screen keyboards.

Others like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) have Siri in the Artificial Intelligence space. Technology companies have an increased focus on AI now since they believe it to be the next growth driver and will find ways to make life easier for users. Alphabet's Google to Try Again With Low-Cost Smartphone for India Alphabet Inc. s Google helped launch a line of low-cost smartphones in India more than a year ago, part of a strategy to win more customers in fast-growing emerging markets. It was a flop.

Now, the tech giant is trying again by relaxing its rules, giving phone makers more latitude when it comes to features and price.

Google and India s Lava International Ltd. plan to release a new low-cost smartphone in the coming months as... Apple, Google, Microsoft Among Best Companies Protecting Climate Apple Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Google parent Alphabet Inc. are among the companies doing the most to fight climate change, according to a global ranking that grades corporations according to their environmental credentials.

QuickTake Climate Change

The three U.S. technology giants, worth a combined $1.6 trillion, are among the 113 corporations awarded an  A  grade for their efforts to reduce heat-trapping emissions, according to the report Wednesday from the U.K. nonprofit CDP. That list was whittled down from a larger pool of 1,997 companies around the world that submitted data to the group formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project.

The efforts by companies from Japanese brewer Asahi Group Holdings Ltd. to South Africa s Nedbank Group Ltd. illustrate a growing trend by corporations around the world to step up efforts to protect the environment. Nine in 10 companies now have actions in place to reduce greenhouse gases, up from less than half in 2010, CDP said.

 We must take swift and bold action to address the root causes of climate change,  Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. Chief Executive Officer Meg Whitman said in a statement.  This means disrupting the status quo: changing the way we do business, holding ourselves and others accountable, and creating innovative solutions that drive a low-carbon economy. 

Climate Deal

The United Nations has sought to engage companies as 195 nations work to seal a global deal to fight climate change at a meeting in Paris in December. The UN has set up a separate online portal to collect emissions-reduction pledges from companies, complementing those of countries.

Hewlett Packard was also given an  A  grade in the CDP report. Other companies on the list include German manufacturer Siemens AG, Swiss foodmaker Nestle SA and Spanish telecoms company Telefonica SA. CDP rates companies according to the level of their efforts to curb emissions and adapt to the effects of climate change, as well as the transparency of their actions.

The biggest corporations not to disclose information for the report were Agricultural Bank of China Ltd, Berkshire Hathaway Inc., and Facebook Inc., according to CDP, which produces the annual disclosure report on behalf of 822 institutional investors with more than $95 trillion of assets. Larry Page: 'I chose Google so Sergey chose Alphabet' All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website.

Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data.

ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc.

Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html.

S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved.

Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Opinion: Can Amazon, Google and Apple still make you money? Our weeklong  Bubble 2.0?  series revisited the dot-com bust of 15 years ago and examines the similarities, differences and lessons for investors today.

As part of our series of articles about how the tech investing landscape has changed, we spoke with three professional investors who discussed their experiences during the boom-and-bust cycle from 1991 through 2002, how the landscape has changed since then for investors and companies looking to go public.

The investors shared their current strategies, favorite tech stock ideas and which areas or companies they wish to avoid. At the end of each interview, we asked for comments on tech stalwarts Amazon.com, Google (now a unit of Alphabet Inc.) and Apple. Those comments are published separately here.

More from Bubble 2.0? A technology series from MarketWatch

Read: Don t get tricked by talk of a tech-stock bubble | The state of tech

Read: How a  third wave  of Silicon Valley leaders is building the future

Read: Will Apple and Google be the next corporate technology giants?

Read: Three investors share lessons from the 2000 crash

Read: What IPO trends say about a biotech bubble and VC funding

Read: These 5 charts say the Nasdaq s surge is different this time

Our panel:

  Ryan Jacobs is the chairman and chief investment officer of Jacob Funds, based in Manhattan Beach, Calif. He founded the Jacob Internet Fund JAMFX, -0.48% in 1999.

  Michael Cuggino has served as president and portfolio manager of the Permanent Family of Funds, headquartered in San Francisco, since 2003, and has been a director of the Permanent Portfolio PRPFX, -0.10% since 1998.

  Steve Weinstein is the managing director and head of tech, media and telecommunications research at ITG Investment Research, which is based in New York. He began covering Internet stocks in 1998 with Pacific Crest.

Amazon.com Inc.

Cuggino: On the surface, the model appears unsustainable. They are an electronic retailer, but the still have the physical costs of operation, such as warehousing and transportation. Amazon AMZN, -1.29% does a phenomenal job with customer service. They always have. But as an electronic retailer, that service has a cost.

Normally you would think a retail business would not command the market multiples Amazon has had. When Amazon reports, they almost never emphasize profit, but focus on growth. What s transpired over the last 10 years for Amazon, similar to EBay, is they have been able to use the technology and grow from their beginnings to something that is a sustainable business model.

For example, they generate a lot of revenue from Amazon Web Services, but is it profitable, and how profitable? I don t know, but a company cannot stay in business forever without having revenue exceeding expenses. If you believe some press reports, you would think they do not make any money. I think they do make money, but it is a convoluted story.

Google (now a unit of Alphabet Inc.)

Jacob: What strikes me is how much they remind me of Microsoft MSFT, -0.43% in the  80s. What doesn t play with Google GOOG, -0.09% and should, is that the company is gaining share in all of these very profitable areas, whether it is the Chrome operating system, the browser, Google Docs or YouTube. God knows what YouTube would be worth as a separate company. When you think of all the areas that are clearly driving lots of growth today, Google is sitting at the nexus of it.

Browsers, video, mobile, Android and search. This gives them power that is unparalleled. They are at the nexus of every critical juncture of the internet s growth over these platforms. I can t think of anyone who comes remotely close.

Weinstein: Google is still a good growth company, but it is not crazy growth anymore. You do not buy [Alphabet s stock] expecting it to double in 12 months. It is now considered a high-quality investment name with steady growth over the long term.

Cuggino: Good company. I think Google has some similarity from a long-term perspective with Facebook FB, -0.14% but is a more mature company. Google is already there. Facebook is fast becoming a sort of leader in data aggregation, advertising, marketing and connectivity like Google, but approaching it from different angle. They are two peas in a pod, really.

Apple Inc.

Jacob: We do own Apple. Apple AAPL, -0.53% has no aspirations to be a market leader. They just want to make the best products. They are happy having a significant market share, with the higher end of the market, but not a dominating market share.

Weinstein: Back then, Apple really looked like a company that was just struggling to survive. I remember when they came out with the iPod and people would joke that it was a nice little novelty but it would not lead to anything significant. Obviously it lead to the iPhone, and Apple became the most valuable company in the world. It has been a pretty amazing ride.

Cuggino: Reasonably priced. Apple is less a tech story than it is a consumer name. If you view it from the stand point of consumer discretionary spending, it is cheap. If you view it as a tech hardware provider, it s not as cheap. The thing that has driven Apple is that it has been able to sell investors and consumers that it is a consumer, lifestyle,  must-own  name.

To the extent that impression goes away or is not sustained, it becomes more of a tech hardware company and its valuation premium is at risk. That is the biggest question mark to owning Apple. It has a good dividend yield and they are still selling massive amounts of hardware. It has demonstrated over time that its momentum slows down and then it is re-energized with a new product or upgrade. I think it s waiting for its next act. 
2015-01-14
Google: Upside Limited In 2015 As Margins And ROE/ROA Remain Critical Issues Overview

Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) 2015 is looking like it could be another troubling year for investors. The problem for this company remains the fact that despite all of its attention on everything other than advertising, they make most of their money on advertising but continue to spend money on other "potential" businesses. Further, the cost of driving people to advertisements continues to grow. Thus, we have seen a five-year compression of margins and return on assets/equity. Google's issues do not look likely to change in 2015, and we believe that it could present another weak year for Google. Our 2015 price target comes in at $430 with a best-case scenario sitting at $520.

This is the first part of a two-part article we are doing on Google for our assessment of the company as a socially responsible investment. The first part of all of our work is a traditional analysis of the company as an investment. Do we believe that "x" company has upside in the current environment? From there, we add a lens of socially responsible analysis to understand if the company also presents compelling factors for social responsibility. If both line up, it becomes a great SRI.

Today, we are examining Google in part one - traditional financial analysis. In our second article, to be published shortly, we will examine the secondary factors of socially responsible investing.

2015 - The Year Ahead

The Problem of ROA

In 2014, Google split its stock and is down about 15% over the past six months. An issue that continues to plague the company, whether it is on the surface of investor articles or not, is the continue drop in return on assets. The company has seen its return on its assets drop every year since 2008, hitting a low of just over 11% in the TTM. That compares to an 18% rate for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), 14% rate for Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), and 21% rate for Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) (all figures TTM). Translation: Google is making the least money off of all of its assets/business lines out of all of its competition. In comparison, Google's valuation sits at a roughly 26 P/E currently. That compares to the three previously named at 17, 73 and 6, respectively.

The important question for us for 2015 is whether or not Google can return to generating positive growth on its return on assets, meaning that a number of investments can start to turn a larger return/profit than they have been generating. Google does not break its profitability down by sector, and a lot of this drop is driven by tons of investments, acquisitions, and the sheer size that Google has grown. The company, at its peak in ROA, was churning out tons of profits from online ads, but the move to mobile combined with a need to invest to battle off competition has hurt ROA and margins during this period.

The question for us in 2015 is where do margins go and what will drive those margins. To do that, let's look at what will be the driving factors to Google in 2015.

Search Engine Domination

What propelled Google for so long was it dominated search engines, and it drove nearly every aspect of its business to propping that up. It would invest into a business because it would create its search ecosystem that kept users searching with Google, using Google immediately when they opened their web browser, and then clicking those advertisements as they interacted with the search. Yet, what we have seen over the past five years is a move to mobile, which has helped the company increase revenue. Yet, it has also meant the evolution of specialty apps, which we believe has been the death of Google margins.

Five years ago, many would just use Google over a reviews website like Yelp (NYSE:YELP), a video application like Vine, or searching for a cab using Uber. Just take a quick look at your phone . Done? How many of these "specialty apps" do you have? Before these apps, how would you have done many of these tasks - many would have done a quick web search using the search leader Google. As that traffic diverted, Google began to lose its dominance and was forced to invest into lower margin or even unprofitable businesses. While those numbers aren't available  the trend is clear. Margins and ROA dropping for multiple years as the mobile revolution continues. The company has put more chips into things like YouTube, Google Play, Wallet and Google-Plus.

As Stifel points out, Google is growing, but they are growing in areas that return lower margins, and they also are losing their previous dominance in core advertising. As ValueWalk notes, "The Stifel team expects Facebook to have taken 28% of the incremental global digital ad share in 2014, compared to 22% the previous year and Google's projected 55%. They say the social network also will be going up against Google's off-platform efforts more directly if its Atlas and Facebook Audience Network end up being effective."

The dominance is clearly starting to turn, but it isn't because of a loss of market share. In comScore's latest November 2014 results for US Desktop Search Engine, Google Sites were holding 67% of market share. In November 2011, that number was at 65%. The problem is in total searches. In both numbers, the total searches have been about 12B. In three years, total searches have gone nowhere for Google, but they continue to invest, furthering the point Stifel made. The growth is in mobile, but that also is at risk as Bloomberg points out:

Its share of the U.S. search market fell to 75.2 percent in December from 79.3 percent a year ago. That piece of the pie could get smaller this year if Apple cancels its deal to use Google as its default mobile search engine. That would be a big loss. Citigroup analyst Mark May says that 60 percent of Google's mobile search revenue in 2014 came from the Apple deal.

Well, that deal did fall through. The default search engine now on Apple is Yahoo We will have to wait and see how much of an effect the deal has on Google, but our belief is that it is a bigger deal than some would make of it. Further, with desktop search going nowhere, mobile is where growth could come from. The company is doing its best to push itself here with Android and its own phones, but losing Apple is definitely not a positive.

And if you think search isn't at the crux of all this search engine revenue is 91% of total revenue. All that investing isn't creating profitability, and it isn't diversifying the company. It is not creating more desktop market share or even total searches, and that worries us as well. There are some definitely exciting developments, though, to watch in the year. Yet, do these developments do anything for the core issue - ad revenue/profitability?

Don't believe what we are saying is an issue. Here are a couple charts from Marketwatch that show exactly what is occurring:

Here is the flat earnings growth. Next, we have its net margin compared:

And finally ROE and assets:

The problem is very apparent. So, does Google have answers   or should investors understand Google in a different way in 2015?

New Products Research

The products that were going to revolutionize Google again have been numerous for the past few years - Google-Plus, Google Cloud, Google Wallet, Google Glass, Buzz and more. Google has long been interested in e-commerce, but with Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Apple Pay, eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY) and many others entrenched here, this is not an area that Google could venture into without even more near-term declines in margins and ROA. One place that does look interesting is the "smart home" industry. The company made a smart acquisition at the beginning of 2014 with Nest. Nest started as simply a smart thermostat, but it has its sights on being part of "smart home" or as others have coined "the internet of everything." Every product, device and portion of everything can have some "internet" functionality.

Your doors can now be locked from an application. Lights turned off. Refrigerator temperature adjusted. Power levels turned down. Many more possibilities  Ars Technica did a really nice write up of this here. Here is a bit of that:

In the past year, it looks like that's been happening. With its new stack of Google Bucks, Nest has been on a home automation acquisition spree, snapping up Dropcam for $555 million and Revolv for an undisclosed sum. Dropcam makes Wi-Fi webcams, and it's been allowed to operate after the acquisition with seemingly little changes to the business. Nest's product portfolio now includes the Nest Thermostat, Nest Protect (a smart smoke detector), and Dropcam's webcams. Google kicks down the door of the connected home with its $3.2 billion acquisition. Revolv is the more interesting acquisition though. The company made and sold a "smart home hub," and unlike Dropcam, operations were immediately closed down once Nest/Google bought it. Nest and Dropcam have both succeeded in the smart home space specifically because they are standalone products, but Revolv is a whole other beast. It was an ecosystem product.

The company is creating an interesting ecosystem for its smart home, and while this is not going to be a major revenue/profit machine in 2015, it has the feeling of a place that Google can dominate that isn't directly connected to driving ad revenue/profits. The "smart home" will be a huge industry one day, and that is one of the stories to follow this coming year.

Another place that we see as being a profit mover is YouTube. What has so far not generated a ton of direct revenue or profit growth could be making a move. With the movement of television money to embrace the Internet further with the success of Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), online only shows, and the consumers' lack of interest in being forced to watch shows at given times in given spots YouTube seems to be ready for a slight revolution. There have been tests of this theory over the past couple years with everything from live streams of concerts to sporting events to even movies and TV.

The company made likely over $1B in 2014 from YouTube, according to eMarketer. That number is less than 2% of total revenue, so it is still not a big contributor. Yet, we believe that ad money is going to start moving toward YouTube as it continues to grow in both its sophistication and offerings. We are seeing more and more buzz coming around YouTube series (which to us are still overall amateur compared to network programming), and it won't be long before hit TV shows move into avenues like this. As that happens and as the money movement happens, we will see YouTube play a much more important role. As CNet writes:

Several big tech companies have upped their investments in online video ads over the past couple of years. In November, Yahoo bought the ad-tech company Brightroll for $640 million - the second largest acquisition CEO Marissa Mayer has made since taking Yahoo's helm in 2012. AOL bought Adap.tv, another video ad-tech company, in 2013. Sinha said he thinks Google will more aggressively go after making deals with big brands and advertising agencies to bring their ad budgets to YouTube. The company has already started making those pacts. In February, Google struck a deal with Magna Global, one of the world's largest advertising buyers. Magna Global is a unit of IPG Mediabrand and invests $37 billion a year on behalf of its clients. The deal reportedly committed about $100 million of marketing money to Google websites, including YouTube.

Other interesting developments to watch in 2015:

The potential customer release of Google Glass

A hard push for Google Wear and other Android Everywhere (TVs, cars, and more)

Google Tracker, WhatsApp competitor, virtual reality, and much more is covered in a great article here.

All in all 2015 looks like an exciting year for Google after 2014 seemingly was less exciting. Yet, nothing to us stands out as a game changer. The company's margins continue to be the story. If those turn, it will mean that the company is starting to get the mix right, and these developments above will have started to really happen. When that happens, investors will return, but until Google can prove it isn't becoming another Microsoft  we aren't sure that major returns to profits and ROA will be coming back.

Movement From Growth Stock

At the end of all the analysis, what this really comes down to is what type of investor a stock can attract. There are many groups of us - growth chasers, speculative, value, income, low-risk, diversified, asset diversified, and many more. Where does Google fit?

For a long time it was an exciting tech company that had the growth and spec players, and it is not really that company anymore. One thing that would signal a new era for the company would be adding a dividend. With all its cash, we may see that happen in 2015.

If that does, it is an allegorical event that, to us, would really signal the end of one era and the new beginning.

We believe that this company is not the same as 2008, and not that many would argue that. Yet, what that does mean is that we have to understand how to price this company and what its valuation should be differently.

Current Pricing

Let's take a look at the current price of Google stock and understand what it means for the company. From there, we will examine the bull case for that price and the bear case. Finally, we will look at exactly where we believe the company is going. While you may see the article as negative, we presented the first portion of this article to establish how we will look at the current pricing.

In order to price the company, we need to make certain assumptions. Revenue growth will no longer be in the 30%-plus area, and we believe an 18% level is a fair assumption that is likely a bit lower than the next couple years and high as we move out past 2017. Operating margins are key to our DCF analysis. The company seems to be zeroing in on the low-20s, but we do believe that a return to profits will occur as some of the long-term investments that the company has made in places like YouTube, Android and Nest pay off in higher profits. We will use a 22-24% operating margin for the next five years.

Taxes have averaged roughly 21% for the past five years, and it's likely the recent lower levels move back up. Depreciation will continue to grow at about the same rate as revenue growth. CapEx will grow again in 2015 and likely continue to be higher moving forward, but it will likely temper its growth beyond 2016. Our discount cap rate will be at 3%, which is still a fairly aggressive growth number.

When we use this math in our five-year DCF analysis, we come up short at $440 for our share price. In order to reach the $500-plus pricing the company has now, we had to increase revenue by 20% per year for the next five years with operating margins at 24% per year. Here is how the numbers worked out:

PROJECTIONS 1 2 3 4 5 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 Income from Operations 15,040.000 18,048.000 21,650.000 25,990.000 31,200.000 Income Taxes 3,158.40 3,790.08 4,546.50 5,457.90 6,552.00 Net Op. Profit After Taxes 11,882 14,258 17,104 20,532 24,648 Plus: Depreciation 5750 6800 8020 9460 11000 Less: Capex -11000 -13200 -14000 -15000 -16500 Less: Increase in W/C 5000 5000 5000 5000 5000 Available Cash Flow 1,632 2,858 6,124 9,992 14,148

Sum of PV of Available CF During Projection Period ('08 - '11) $15,678.16 Plus: Present Value of Residual Available Cash Flow Value $325,638 Fair Market Value of Enterprise $341,316.41 Less: Interest Bearing Debt 5,239.00 Plus: Excess Cash 15,605.00 Implied Equity Value $351,682.41 # of Outstanding Shares 678.36 Implied Price Per Share $ 518.43

That is the current way the market is pricing Google in our opinion, so let's lay out the cases.

The Bull Case, The Bear Case, and Where We Stand?

If you stand in the bull case, you have several things going for you. One, the company has a ton of money, and they could easily return that to shareholders. A dividend or share buyback would greatly increase the value of the stock. Additionally, the mobile revolution could bring about a second wave of growth if the company can hit it right with its internet of everything, Android Everywhere, or other products. The growth rate we assumed, though, we believe was fairly aggressive and promising to the company, and the upper-teens will be pretty impressive to do for five years as the company would get over $100B in sales. To be bullish, you would also have to assume a rebound in margins. This could happen with natural strength in the economy as well as a cyclical rebound in ad pricing from mobile ad costs ratcheting up. If the company also slows down CapEx that would help. To us, the mid-case, though, is below the levels stated.

We lean more in the bear case. In our setup that we originally stated, we came up with a price target of $430, and we believe that is a fair level for the company right now. The best-case looks like $520 to us, and that shows very little room for upside. The bear case is as we stated before that lower margins and ROA aren't an anomaly. They are here to stay. Further, we used an aggressive discount rate that keeps the company in the "growth" zone. If it really starts to falter on that tag and lose some of that allure, which it has, a discount rate in the more mid-growth level brings these price tags down even further.

Conclusion

While 2015 looks very exciting for Google, we are not seeing anything that can break the current trend for the company. Investments that the company have been making still have not paid, and this trend is going on five years now. While we believe the company is nearing a bottom, we see its current multiple as definitely pricing a very bullish case with little upside from here.

We believe 2015 could be another flat year for investors, and the best thing that can happen right now is the company can get margins going again. If they pop up to 23-24%, this stock will definitely move upwards. Yet, how long that move can last will remain to be seen.

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple, Google reach new deal to end US lawsuit over poaching The Apple logo is lit on the first day of sale for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in Sydney September 19, 2014. REUTERS/David Gray

People are silhouetted as they pose with laptops in front of a screen projected with a Google logo, in this picture illustration taken in Zenica October 29, 2014. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic

SAN FRANCISCO Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc have agreed to a new settlement that would resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit by tech workers, who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees.

Plaintiffs accused Apple, Google, Intel Corp and Adobe Systems Inc in the 2011 lawsuit of limiting job mobility and, as a result, keeping a lid on salaries.

The case has been closely watched because of the possibility of big damages being awarded and for the opportunity to peek into the world of some of America's elite tech firms.

U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh in San Jose, California, last year rejected a $324.5 million settlement of the lawsuit as too low after one of the named plaintiffs objected.

That worker will support the new agreement, his attorney Daniel Girard said, which could be a joint payment of $415 million, the New York Times reported citing a person close to the negotiations. (nyti.ms/1u3Qjmu)

Representatives for Apple, Intel and Adobe declined to comment. A Google spokesman could not be reached, nor could an attorney for the plaintiffs.

The case was based largely on emails in which Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, former Google Chief Executive Officer Eric Schmidt and some of their rivals detailed plans to avoid poaching each other's prized engineers.

In rejecting the $324.5 million deal, Koh repeatedly referred to a related 2013 settlement involving Disney and Intuit.

Apple and Google workers got proportionally less than Disney workers, Koh wrote, even though plaintiff lawyers had "much more leverage" against Apple and Google.

To match the earlier settlement, the deal with Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe "would need to total at least $380 million," Koh wrote.

In the short court filing on Tuesday, the companies said plaintiffs would file a detailed explanation of the new deal "imminently." Koh will then likely decide whether to accept or reject it.

The case is In Re: High-Tech Employee Antitrust Litigation, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California 11-cv-2509. Alphabet Soup: Your guide to 13 La Jolla organizations impacting community life Alphabet-Soup-La-Jolla-Organizations_Copyright_www.LaJollaLight.com / La Jolla Light Graphic/Photo Illustration / La Jolla Light Graphic/Photo Illustration

Editor s Note: As a reader/resident courtesy, La Jolla Light presents its annual list of local civic organizations with contact information (aka Alphabet Soup). Thirteen entities provide advice to the San Diego City Council on land use, parks and beaches, public infrastructure and other important issues. The advice these groups provide can have a significant impact on La Jolla s traffic patterns, historical preservation, parking, beach and park use, and other quality of life issues.

  La Jolla Town Council (LJTC)  

  Purpose: Having served the residents and businesses of La Jolla for more than 50 years, LJTC is the de facto Chamber of Commerce and Visitor s Bureau for the Village of La Jolla. The group also acts, in an unofficial capacity, as a liaison with the City of San Diego in matters concerning land use planning, beautification, traffic, parks, beaches, crime and other vital concerns.

  Meets: 2nd Thursdays, 5 p.m. at La Jolla Rec Center, 615 Prospect St.

  Chair/President: Steve Haskins

  Contact: 1150 Silverado, Suite 212, lajollatowncouncil.org, (858) 454-1444

  La Jolla Community Planning Association (LJCPA)  

  Purpose: The community advisory group is charged with making recommendations to the City Council, Planning Commission, city staff and other governmental agencies on land use matters, specifically concerning the preparation of, adoption of, implementation of, or amendment to, the city s General Plan or a land use plan when it relates to the La Jolla Community Plan boundaries. The LJCPA also advises on other land use matters as requested by the City or other governmental agency. In reviewing individual development projects, the LJCPA shall focus such review on conformance with the adopted Community Plan and/or the General Plan.

  Meets: 1st Thursdays, 6 p.m. at La Jolla Rec Center, 615 Prospect St.

  Chair/President: Joe LaCava

  Contact: info@lajollacpa.org, lajollacpa.org

  Bird Rock Community Council (BRCC)  

  Purpose: To engage in all activities that enhance the growth and improvement of Bird Rock as a vibrant and diverse neighborhood including: administering the Bird Rock Maintenance Assessment District (MAD), maintaining roundabouts, improving cultural, charitable and community service activities, improving the quality of life and economic well-being of local residents, promoting business improvement, promoting a safe village atmosphere and honoring and preserving Bird Rock s history.

  Meets: 1st Tuesdays, 6 p.m. at local restaurants, the Masonic Lodge or Bird Rock Elementary School

  Chair/President: Jacqueline Bell

  Contact: info@birdrockcc.org, birdrockcc.org

  La Jolla Shores Association (LJSA)  

  Purpose: With a more than 40-year history, its primary purpose is to address community issues as they relate to the protection and the unique characteristics of the La Jolla Shores area. It strives to represent the interests of the community to other organizations, including local and state government agencies.

  Meets: 2nd Wednesdays, 6:30 p.m. at Building T-29, Scripps Institute of Oceanography, 8840 Biological Grade

  Chair/President: Tim Lucas

  Contact: LJSA.org@gmail.com, ljsa.org

  Development Permit Review Committee (DPR)  

  Purpose: Subcommittee of LJCPA which reviews all discretionary permits in La Jolla outside of the La Jolla Shores Planned District, reviewing projects for conformance to the La Jolla Community Plan, makes findings relative to the city of San Diego Land Development Code and submits its recommendations to the LJCPA.

  Meets: 2nd and 3rd Tuesdays, 4 p.m. at La Jolla Rec Center, Room 1, 615 Prospect St.

  Chair/President: Paul Benton

  Contact: pbenton@sbcglobal.com, (858) 459-0805

  La Jolla Planned District Ordinance Committee (PDO)  

  Purpose: Subcommittee of LJCPA which reviews development applications relating to the La Jolla Planned District Ordinance, ensuring standards are adhered to for colors, building materials, signs, facades, renovations, zoning and parking requirements.

  Meets: 2nd Mondays, 4 p.m. at La Jolla Rec Center, Room 1, 615 Prospect St.

  Chair/President: Ione Stiegler

  Contact: info@isarchitecture.com, (858) 456-8555

  La Jolla Shores Permit Review Committee (PRC)  

  Purpose: Subcommittee of LJCPA, which reviews projects within the La Jolla Shores Planned District, forwarding recommendations to the LJCPA for ratification or denial before being sent to the city for final approval.

  Meets: 4th Tuesdays, 4 p.m. at La Jolla Rec Center, 615 Prospect St.

  Chair/President: Phil Merten

  Contact: Phil@MertenArchitect.com

  La Jolla Traffic & Transportation Board (T&T)  

  Purpose: A joint committee with members from LJCPA, LJTC, LJSA, LJVMA and BRCC that considers all proposals affecting La Jolla s streets including striping, stop signs, traffic calming and parking curb colors, valet service, time limits, etc. Also hears special events requiring traffic control, or that affect on-street parking.

  Meets: 4th Thursdays, 4 p.m. at La Jolla Rec Center, 615 Prospect St.

  Chair/President: Todd Lesser

  Contact: todd@nccom.com

  La Jolla Parks and Beaches, Inc. (LJP&B)  

  Purpose: Detached from La Jolla Town Council in July 2011 to become a non-profit in order to continue to advise the city on coastal parks and beaches issues and oversee fundraising and implementation of park and shoreline beautification projects.

  Meets: 4th Mondays, 4 p.m. at La Jolla Rec Center, Room 1, 615 Prospect St.

  Chair/President: Dan Allen

  Contact: lajollaparksandbeaches@gmail.com, lajollaparksandbeaches.org

  La Jolla Shores Planned District Advisory Board (LJSPDAB)  

  Purpose: Reviews all permit application referred to it and submits its recommendations or comments in writing within 30 days to the city s planning director. This committee also recommends to the San Diego Planning Commission any changes to regulations, provided such changes are necessary for proper execution of the adopted community plan. The planning director or his designated representative serves as board secretary (as an ex-officio member) and maintain records of all official actions of the board, and shall not be entitled to vote. Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Hints at a New Video Game Console on the Horizon Not content with its dependence on the market for traditional PCs, Advanced Micro Devices'(NASDAQ:AMD) recent turnaround strategy has centered on delivering silicon for what it calls semi-custom solutions: PC-like devices powered by slightly customized AMD processors.

There is no better example of AMD's strategy in action than the latest video game consoles: Nintendo's (NASDAQOTH:NTDOY) Wii U, Sony's PlayStation 4, and Microsoft's Xbox One all use AMD chips.

Its exposure to the industry gives the company a unique perspective -- as a major supplier, AMD is well-suited to forecast upcoming devices. Last month, it did exactly that. At a Raymond James technology conference, AMD's CFO, Devinder Kumar, announced that his company had secured design wins for two upcoming devices, at least one of which could be a gaming console.

Kumar's comments

"I'm pleased to report we have those design wins," Kumar said, noting that the company had previously told investors to expect two new semi-custom designs from the company. "Those parts will get introduced in 2016 ... at least one will be beyond gaming."

From AMD's perspective, the devices could prove vital: According to Kumar, they could add $1 billion to AMD's revenue over a period of three years from 2016 onward. That's fairly significant, as AMD generated just $1.6 billion of revenue in 2013.

However, their exact nature remains largely unknown. Kumar's wording ("at least one will be beyond gaming") leaves a lot of possibilities open. Still, it seems fair to say that at least one -- and possibly both -- of these products will play games in some capacity.

Nintendo admits it's working on a new console

A handheld video game console from Nintendo is a strong possibility. Nintendo's current handheld, the 3DS, is almost four years old. In the past, the Japanese video game giant has released new handheld consoles on a regular basis, launching a new product every four to six years.

Although the market for dedicated handheld consoles has been eroded by the growth of smartphones and tablets, Nintendo's management remains committed to its long-standing strategy. Last month, Nintendo's Shigeru Miyamoto told the Associated Press that his company was hard at work on its next-generation of devices.

Nintendo's 3DS uses an ARM-based processor, and given ARM's advantage in power consumption, the 3DS' successor will likely do the same. That would've been a problem for AMD in the past, but earlier this year, the company secured an ARM license, allowing it to offer both ARM and x86-based processors.

According to Kumar, one of AMD's semi-custom design wins also uses an ARM-based processor. Could it be the next Nintendo handheld? Other AMD executives have made supportive statements -- last June, AMD's Saeid Moshkelani told Barron's that AMD had great interest in the handheld gaming space, noting that despite widespread skepticism, Nintendo's "3DS is still selling."

A new entrant?

A new console from Sony or Microsoft would be quite a surprise, given the relatively recent debut of the Xbox One and PlayStation 4. If AMD isn't making a game device for Nintendo, it might be building a processor for a non-traditional player.

Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) has shown great interest in the space in recent months, hiring major game developers and buying a video game studio outright, in addition to its purchase of the popular video game streaming service, Twitch. Amazon's set-top box, the Fire TV, allows its owners to play video games, though the graphical fidelity is lackluster. A more powerful game console from the e-commerce giant would not be particularly surprising.

There are other possibilities. Android TV, a modified version of Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) mobile operating system designed to power set-top boxes, has attracted the attention of several gaming firms. Razer, a company known primarily for its gaming PC peripherals, unveiled the Android TV-powered Forge TV at CES last week. Forge TV sports a Qualcomm chip, but a similar product powered by AMD silicon could eventually make its way to market.

Betting on semi-custom

Unfortunately, these gaming wins have done little for AMD shareholders. Since the debut of the Xbox One and PlayStation 4 in Nov. 2013, AMD shares have lost roughly 25% of their value, badly underperforming the broader market. Despite bringing in revenue, AMD's console contracts have been criticized for their low margins.

The same may ultimately hold true for AMD's two new design wins. Still, it's evidence that AMD's plan -- derive 50% of its revenue from high-growth markets, including semi-custom solutions -- is on track. 
2015-03-12
Latest Rakuten-led funding values Lyft at $2.5 billion Frankie Roeder, 28, hows his support as Lyft ride-sharing supporters rally at City Hall in Seattle, Washington February 12, 2014. On Friday the City Council's Committee on Taxi, For-Hire and Limousine Regulations will vote on a proposal to cap the number of ride-sharing... REUTERS/Jason Redmond (UNITED STATES - Tags: TRANSPORT BUSINESS EMPLOYMENT POLITICS CIVIL UNREST) - RTX18PEV

Ride-sharing service Lyft said it raised an additional $530 million in a funding round led by Japanese online retailer Rakuten Inc, giving the Uber rival a valuation of $2.5 billion and adding momentum to its expansion plans.

The valuation, however, pales by comparison to one of around $40 billion for app-based taxi service Uber.

Rakuten said it is investing $300 million for an 11.9 percent stake in San Francisco-based Lyft - its first investment in a ride-hailing firm. Fortress Investment Group will also be a new investor.

Lyft and Uber, which allow consumers to order rides from their smartphones, have disrupted traditional taxi and limousine services. Uber in particular has expanded rapidly both within and outside the United States.

But they face a number of legal challenges and on Wednesday both companies failed to persuade U.S. judges to rule that their drivers are independent contractors instead of employees, in cases that have wide implications for Silicon Valley "sharing economy" firms.

Asian e-commerce and Internet giants have been particularly active of late in investing in taxi-hailing app firms as well as other well known U.S. tech start-ups.

Japan's SoftBank Corp this year invested 70 billion yen ($580 million) in Travice Inc, the operator of Chinese taxi hailing app Kuaidi Dache. It also poured almost $500 million last year into Southeast Asia's GrabTaxi and Indian app Ola, owned by ANI Technologies.

China's Alibaba Group Holding Ltd is investing $200 million in photo-messaging app Snapchat, a source familiar with the deal said, striking its latest Silicon Valley deal as it builds up mobile services.

Rakuten, controlled by billionaire Hiroshi Mikitani, is also an active investor in start-ups and bought messaging app provider Viber Media Inc for $900 million last year.

($1 = 121.0600 yen)

(Reporting by Teppei Kasai in Tokyo and Shivam Srivastava in Bengaluru; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) Google Inc. Investors Can't Ignore Android's Fatal Flaw Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android controlled 81% of the global smartphone market in 2014, according to research firm IDC. Unfortunately, the OS is still extremely fragmented.

According to Google, only 3.3% of all Android devices currently run 5.0 Lollipop, the latest version. 40.9% still run KitKat 4.4, which launched in Oct. 2013, while the remaining devices all run earlier versions. Let's take a look at how this fragmentation could impact Google's future plans for mobile devices.

Why fragmentation matters

The fragmentation of Android means that many of the operating system's newest features won't work on the majority of its devices.

Android Wear, its slimmed down OS for smartwatches, only works on devices with Android 4.3 or better installed. This means that just half of all Android devices worldwide can be paired with Android Wear smartwatches.

Google recently launched its "Android for Work" initiative to expand the footprint of Android-powered enterprise devices. However, Android for Work depends on Lollipop's new profile-splitting security features, restricting it to just 3% of all devices. To compensate, Google launched an Android for Work app for devices as old as Ice Cream Sandwich 3.0 ones. This lets it reach over 90% of all Android devices, but it's unclear if the separate app will be considered equally secure to the native Lollipop version.

By comparison, 75% of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) devices have already been upgraded to iOS 8, which launched last September, while just 22% remain on iOS 7. Apple keeps fragmentation low by fully controlling the hardware and software ecosystem.

How Google is trying to curb fragmentation

Google tried to develop a unified hardware and software ecosystem like Apple's by acquiring Motorola Mobility in 2011. However, the Moto X handsets it launched failed to catch on. After taking billions in losses, Google sold Motorola's handset division to Lenovo in 2014.

Instead, Google relied on two other strategies to reduce fragmentation. First, it rotated its Nexus branding for smartphones and tablets among hardware partners like LG, Asus, and HTC. These second-tier players were eager to boost sales with Google-branded products, their support helped Google keep Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) in check, and the devices showcased the latest versions of Android. Second, it addressed fragmentation in lower-end devices last year with Android One, an initiative which set design standards for cheaper phones and ensured that they were always updated to the latest version of Android.

Why Google's efforts won't work

The problem with Google is that it wants to control the mobile world, but doesn't want to get its hands dirty with manufacturing hardware.

However, OEMs are realizing that Android is simply a way for Google to tether mobile users to its ecosystem without manufacturing any hardware. Meanwhile, profitability of Android devices has fallen to an all time low. A recent Strategy Analytics report claimed that Android devices only raked in 11% of global smartphone profits in the fourth quarter of 2014, with the remaining 89% going to Apple. This means that OEMs are helping Google make money through mobile ads and Google Play sales, but can barely make a profit from selling handsets.

As a result, leading handset makers will be less inclined to keep pace with Google and more inclined to "fork" Android for their own purposes. A forked version of Android is modified to carve Google services out of the OS in favor of non-Google ones. Popular forked Android operating systems include Amazon's Fire OS, Xiaomi's MIUI, and Cyanogen's Cyanogenmod.

These operating systems are built on top of Android, but they aren't updated at the same pace as devices from Google's OEM partners. According to ABI Research, 29% of Android devices shipped in the fourth quarter of 2014 were forked ones. To make matters worse, Google's longtime partner Samsung has developed a new OS, Tizen, which it is using to decrease its dependence on Android.

The problem could be worse than it seems

Forked devices aren't included in Google's Android version figures if they don't access the Google Play store. Yet they are still included in IDC's worldwide figures, which means that Google's fragmentation problem could be even worse than its own numbers suggest.

Google remains the dominant mobile OS, but big cracks -- poor hardware profitability, dissention among hardware partners, and fragmentation impacting support for new features -- have appeared. Unless Google mends those cracks, the actual percentage of Android devices that new initiatives like wearables and enterprise will work on could remain minimal. HBO Now on Apple TV: A Win-Win Deal for Apple Inc. and Time Warner Inc.? Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) recently announced that Time Warner (NYSE: TWX) HBO's HBO Now, the premium channel's stand-alone streaming service, will launch in early April as a three-month timed exclusive for Apple TVs, iPhones, iPads, and iPods. The app will be nearly identical to HBO Go, but will cost $15 monthly instead of requiring a subscription to cable TV. New subscribers will get the first month free, just in time to watch the season premiere of Game of Thrones on April 12.

This deal clearly benefits Apple by giving consumers a new reason to buy an Apple TV instead of a Roku device, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Chromecast, Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Fire TV, or similar product. But it also limits HBO Now's potential audience by keeping it off other set-top players, mobile devices, smart TVs, and gaming consoles. Is this a lopsided deal or actually a win-win deal for both companies?

How HBO will help Apple

Apple recently lowered the price of the Apple TV from $99 to $69. That was a clear response to cheap streaming devices like the Roku 1, Chromecast, and Fire TV Stick, which all cost between $30 to $50.

According to research firm Parks Associates, Roku devices accounted for 29% of U.S. streaming device sales in 2014, followed by 20% for Chromecast and 17% for Apple TV. However, Roku and Apple TV's market shares both declined year over year after Amazon and Google entered the market.

Apple was originally rumored to launch a redesigned Apple TV last year, but the upgrade was delayed due to stalled negotiations with content providers. Therefore, the HBO deal could encourage content providers to get on board and pave the way for the launch of a new Apple TV. Apple doesn't report Apple TV sales figures quarterly, but CEO Tim Cook announced at the "Spring Forward" even that Apple has sold 25 million units to date. Compare that to last April when Cook said 20 million units had been sold so far, and May 2013 when the running total was 13 million units.

Investors should remember that Apple TVs aren't high-margin products. Teardown.com claimed that the third generation Apple TV cost roughly $70 to manufacture back in 2012. In 2014, the site tore down Amazon's $99 Fire TV set-top box and claimed that it had a bill of materials of $93.

The second revision of the Apple TV from 2013 (the current unit) likely has cheaper components, but its margins are probably still thin. However, Apple intends to monetize the device by tethering more users to the iTunes ecosystem.

How Apple will help HBO

It might seem counterproductive to limit HBO Now to a Apple devices at launch, but it makes sense considering the way Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), the largest cable and broadband provider in the U.S., interfered with the launch of HBO Go.

When HBO launched HBO Go, most ISPs allowed cable subscribers of HBO to access the app. Comcast, however, worried that HBO Go would cause its broadband costs to rise and cannibalize viewership of its cable TV counterpart. Therefore, Comcast blocked HBO Go on Amazon, Roku, and Sony PlayStation devices. Amazon and Sony didn't retaliate, but Roku filed a FCC complaint against Comcast and forced the ban to be lifted.

By striking a deal with Apple, Time Warner sends a clear message to Comcast -- that it might get away with bullying Sony and Amazon, but it should probably think twice before blocking access on Apple devices. Launching HBO Now as a timed exclusive for Apple devices narrows its appeal to less than a fifth of U.S. streaming devices, but it ensures that the app gets a focused and widely publicized launch. Additionally, the exclusivity window is only three months.

The verdict

Apple's HBO deal probably annoys Roku, Amazon, Google, and other streaming device makers, but it probably won't turn Apple TV into a market leader. Meanwhile, Netflix gets three more months to shore up its defenses against HBO Now across other streaming platforms.

NPD Group estimates that 25% of U.S. homes will own streaming devices by the end of 2015, up from 16% in 2014. If Apple wants a bigger piece of that pie, it must launch a cheaper device on par with the Chromecast and Fire TV Stick, since the luxury appeal of its smartphones, tablets, and computers isn't carrying over to set-top boxes.

Meanwhile, HBO Now gets a nice promotional boost from the Apple deal, but the service could still be considered overpriced compared to Netflix and Amazon Prime, which respectively cost $7.99 per month and $99 per year. Therefore, the deal lets Apple and Time Warner help each other, but those mutual benefits probably won't be enough to boost their presence in the streaming media market. 
2015-11-02
Is Alphabet Inc.'s Google Being Left Behind in the Cloud Race? Shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Google's parent company, recently surged toward an all-time high after reporting robust third-quarter earnings that beat analyst estimates. Its tech peers Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) also soared after crushing expectations.

But despite Google's strength in advertising, which accounted for 90% of its top line last quarter, the company's cloud business is actually much smaller than Amazon or Microsoft's. Unlike those two companies, Google doesn't report its cloud revenues separately. However, Forrester Research recently estimated that Google will generate just $2.1 billion in total cloud revenues (less than 3% of its total projected revenues) in 2015.

By comparison, Microsoft reported that its commercial cloud revenue had an annual run rate of $8.2 billion last quarter. During a developer conference in early October, Amazon reported that its AWS (Amazon Web Services) cloud computing platform had an annual run rate of $7.3 billion. So, why is Google trailing so far behind those market leaders?

Not all cloud businesses are created equally

Google's cloud business is diversified across SaaS (software as a service), IaaS (infrastructure as a service), and PaaS (platform as a service) solutions.

Google Drive is a SaaS solution, which is designed to be easily used by mainstream customers and businesses. Google's Compute Engine is an IaaS platform, which gives businesses extra computing power from virtual data centers. Google's App Engine is a PaaS solution, a cloud-based environment where developers can create apps and IT administrators can remotely manage computing infrastructure.

The majority of Microsoft's cloud revenues come from SaaS services like Office 365 and Dynamics CRM. Azure, its hybrid IaaS and PaaS platform, generates around $1.6 billion in annual revenues, according to Forrester. Over 80% of Amazon's AWS revenues come from IaaS and PaaS platforms instead of SaaS ones. Google's cloud business resembles Microsoft's more than Amazon's because 86% of its estimated cloud revenues come from SaaS solutions. The other 14%, or just $300 million, comes from IaaS/PaaS solutions.

Growth rates aren't everything

The SaaS market is expected to grow at a CAGR (compound annual growth rate) of 33% between 2013 and 2018, compared to 21% growth for PaaS and 13% growth for IaaS.

While that sounds like Microsoft and Google are invested in the faster-growing part of the cloud market, the SaaS market is also a crowded one. Microsoft has a massive advantage in this market since Windows is installed on nearly 90% of all PCs worldwide. As a result, many mainstream and enterprise customers choose Microsoft SaaS products like Office 365 or OneDrive as a default choice.

Google's Android dominates mobile devices, but Google Drive probably won't gain ground unless Android devices are taken seriously as productivity devices. The majority of Google Drive users also use the free tier, which makes monetization tough.

Google recently claimed that Google Drive for Work, a beefed version of the service for businesses, had over a million enterprise customers. But that service is dwarfed by Microsoft's Office 365, which had 18.2 million subscribers at the end of last quarter.

Other major challenges

Google's weakness in SaaS doesn't give it much clout in the IaaS/PaaS market, where Amazon reigns supreme. As Amazon expanded its e-commerce site, it let other companies and organizations host their websites and services on its servers. That foundation evolved into today's AWS. Google lacks that first mover's advantage.

Another challenge for Google is its desire to mine data for targeted ads across its entire ecosystem, including Google Drive. This makes the service a tough sell to larger corporations or government agencies. In a blog post weighing the pros and cons of Google Drive, Web development agency Hallnet promised to keep clients' "sensitive data" off Google Drive and stored on its own servers. Since Microsoft and Amazon don't generate much direct revenue from targeted ads, there's much less suspicion regarding their cloud-based services.

Cutthroat competition

The intense cloud race between Amazon, Microsoft, Google, and other companies has forced the competitors to pile on more features while slashing prices. In this so-called "race to zero," Amazon has slashed its cloud service prices nearly 50 times in just nine years, forcing other rivals to do the same. As a result, only players with established footholds, like Amazon and Microsoft, have a chance of growing.

In early October, Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster predicted that Google and other rivals would fall behind in the IaaS/PaaS market as Microsoft and Amazon surge ahead. That defeat wouldn't cripple Google, but it would represent a missed opportunity to diversify its top line away from advertising. GOOGL Stock: Could Alphabet Inc. Overtake Apple Inc.? By Profit Confidential Editorial Staff Published : November 2, 2015

Alphabet Inc. Could Overtake Apple. Inc as World s Largest Company

If movements in the stock market are any indication, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), the parent company which owns Google, might soon be toppling Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) to become the world s most valuable stock.

It turns out that having money is one thing, but using it wisely to fuel growth is quite another entirely.

Alphabet s market value now tops $499 billion, which puts it in competitive territory with Apple stock, worth about $674 billion, on the S&P 500. What should be worrying the latter company is that the difference between the two is narrowing fast, and when you take into account growth momentum and cash stockpiles, there appears to be a relatively small gap between the two companies in the single-digit range.

Indeed, once you take away Apple s truly massive cash hoard of $206 billion, the difference between the two is only about nine percent. (Source:  Just how much cash does Apple have?  CNBC, October 28, 2015.) Alphabet for its part has about $73.0 billion in cash reserves, though it uses it far more efficiently than Apple does. (Source:  Apple Still Leads Cash-Rich Silicon Valley, Nearly Doubling Microsoft,  Forbes, October 27, 2015.)

If this movement continues, then it appears that Alphabet stock could overcome Apple stock. This will represent a major shift in Apple s position, as the manufacturer of the iconic iPhone and iPad has held the top spot for many years now.

AAPL vs. GOOG: How Did This Happen?

Alphabet (though it was then Google) began 2015 on very solid financial footing, with a valuation of $291 billion. A strong cash injection from its advertising business through YouTube and on mobile devices caused the stock price to skyrocket by approximately 38% in under a year however, which is where the stock price competition with Apple began. Apple began this year, at a value of $454 billion, minus the company s cash position; today, the tech giant is worth $674 billion, while Alphabet is valued at $499 billion.

Translation: the gap between the two companies is rapidly narrowing, and Alphabet is fast gaining on Apple.

The Apple stock price, while up by about four percent this year, is nowhere near the atmospheric rise in the Alphabet stock price. One might not be going too far in saying that Apple s stock has merely kept pace with overall market trends in the tech sector.

Apple s stockpile of cash has grown at a rate roughly double that of its stock value this year. At the end of June, the company was in possession of $202.8 billion in liquid cash and market securities, which is approximately 14% higher than what it held in December of 2014. Looking from the perspective of Apple s market capitalization and net cash position, the company can be valued in the range of $457 billion.

While that sounds like an impressive figure, remember that Apple began 2015 with a value of $454 billion, adjusted for net cash.

Translation: Apple may be the most valuable company in the world, but that valuation has essentially stagnated when you look at strict growth. Having tons of cash on hand is not in and of itself a solid growth strategy.

Alphabet s value, adjusted for net cash reserves, has absolutely skyrocketed to $431 billion, which is roughly nine percent shy of Apple s valuation. When you consider that Apple was worth almost twice that of Alphabet at the beginning of this year, you start to understand why investors are sitting up and taking notice of the narrowing value gap between the two tech giants.

The Bottom Line on the Alphabet Stock Price Forecast

Alphabet announced a better-than-expected third-quarter earnings report last week, as its bottom line outperformed analysts  estimates. The tech giant reported revenue of $18.68 billion, well above the $18.53 billion forecasted by market analysts, and earnings per share of $7.35, higher than the expected $7.21.

The trend I discussed above is in no way slowing down, and is in fact gaining momentum.

Alphabet has a tiny debt load relative to its size and a manageable, albeit large, cash balance of about $73.0 billion. This equals three times what the tech giant has spent on various acquisitions in the last decade, which means it is seeing very real returns on its investments. And finally, the company provides important services which are absolutely fundamental to how our global economy functions.

It s for these reasons and others that I remain bullish on the Alphabet stock price, and why I believe it might overtake the Apple stock price to become the world s biggest company sooner rather than later. Google Owner Accuses EU of Antitrust About-Face BRUSSELS Google owner Alphabet Inc. accused European Union regulators of making an unexplained about-face in their decision to file antitrust charges against the U.S. search giant, and warned that there was  no basis  for imposing fines, according to a redacted copy of Google s response seen by The Wall Street Journal.

The response, which runs to almost 130 pages and leans heavily on legal opinions and case law, suggests that Google is gearing up for a protracted legal battle against the European Commission, which has... Nasdaq 100 Jumps to 15-Year High as August's Tumble Is Erased Another step in the recovery from this summer s equity meltdown occurred Monday as a broad advance in U.S. stocks pushed the Nasdaq 100 Index above its July high and toward record territory.

The index s 1.2 percent advance extended its rally from the Aug. 25 trough to 17 percent, making it the first major index of U.S. stocks to retake a multiyear high established earlier in 2015. The Standard & Poor s 500 Index remains more than 1 percent from its May 21 peak of 2,130.82, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average was 2.6 percent from its last record.

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

Concerns ranging from weakening Chinese growth to stress in credit markets and stagnating corporate earnings pushed the Nasdaq 100 down 14 percent over a one-month stretch starting July 20. The nine-week rebound came as the Federal Reserve held off on interest rate increases and companies including Amazon.com Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Google parent Alphabet Inc. posted sales and profits that beat analyst estimates.

Gains in the index have come in its biggest computer and software companies. Since the Aug. 25 low, Amazon is up 35 percent, Microsoft has added 32 percent and Facebook has jumped 24 percent. The gauge s biggest member, Apple Inc. with a 12.9 percent weighting, has advanced 17 percent after tumbling 21 percent in the summer rout.

 Today some of the biggest losers of the selloff have finally joined the party and are leading the way,  said Randy Warren, who manages more than $100 million at Exton, Pennsylvania-based Warren Financial Service & Associates Inc.  The selloff that we saw was a normal, healthy pullback for the market that didn t seem to scare too many people off and ultimately served as a buying opportunity. 

The S&P 500 added 1.2 percent to 2,103.94 at 4 p.m. in New York, the highest level since Aug. 10 -- the day before China s surprise devaluation of its currency sparked turmoil on global financial markets. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 165.22 points, or 0.9 percent, to 17,828.76. The Nasdaq Composite Index rallied 1.5 percent.

While the broader Nasdaq index eclipsed its dot-com peak in April, its 100-stock sister fell just short. It closed Monday less than a point below its record on March 27, 2000. For 2015, the Nasdaq 100 has jumped 11 percent, extending its gain from the end of 2011 to 107 percent.

U.S. stocks joined a global rally in stocks Monday, as signs of softer manufacturing in China failed, for one day at least, to quell demand from equity investors who instead looked for signs of strength elsewhere.

 The global data today shows stable economic conditions, which is improving sentiment,  said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist in Philadelphia at Janney Capital Management LLC, which oversees about $68 billion.  M&A activity is always a good litmus test for the sentiment of companies and usually speaks well to market conditions, and we ve seen some big deals lately. 

All 10 main S&P 500 groups rose, with energy and health-care stocks climbing at least 2 percent. Energy companies surged 11 percent in October to snap their longest streak of monthly losses ever. Consol Energy Inc. jumped 17 percent while Chevron Corp. gained 4.5 percent to a July high.

Deals boosted health-care shares. Dyax Corp. soared 28 percent after Shire Plc agreed to buy the drugmaker for at least $5.9 billion. Pfizer Inc. climbed 3.8 percent as people with knowledge of the matter said the company is making progress in talks to buy Allergan Plc.

A reading today showed U.S. manufacturing remained stuck in neutral in October as factories struggled with dwindling overseas demand and well-stocked customers at home. Official data earlier showed Chinese factory output shrank for a third month, contrasting with a report signaling a pickup in euro-area manufacturing.

The October payrolls report due on Friday will begin to loom larger on investor sentiment as the week progresses. Economists surveyed by Bloomberg project the economy added 182,000 jobs last month, up from Septembers 142,000, with the unemployment rate slipping to 5 percent from 5.1 percent a month earlier.

Equities rallied the most since 2011 in October and are riding their longest streak of weekly gains since December, bolstered in part by central banks as the Fed kept rates pinned near zero, while signs of weak growth prompted the European Central Bank last month to hint at potential extra measures. In Asia, China unexpectedly cut its lending rate and Bank of Japan maintained record stimulus.

The S&P 500 is up 13 percent from an August low as equities recover from a third-quarter swoon triggered by concern that weakening growth in China would spread. An earnings season that hasn t been as bad as analysts initially predicted also helped the benchmark erase a loss for the year.

More than 100 companies in the S&P 500 are scheduled to announce earnings this week. Of those that have released results this season, about 75 percent exceeded profit projections, while 55 percent missed sales forecasts. Analysts estimate earnings dropped 3.9 percent in the third quarter, up from predictions for a 6.1 percent decline a week earlier. 
2015-05-21
Future of domestic surveillance powers uncertain as Congress fights WASHINGTON The future of the U.S. government's power to spy on Americans' phone calls was up in the air on Thursday as Congress fought over proposed reforms, with no clear outcome in sight.

Lawmakers were close to deadlock over the central question of how far citizens' privacy rights should be infringed to protect the country from violent extremists.

Experts also disagreed on how counter-terrorism might be affected if lawmakers failed to prevent the June 1 expiration of portions of the USA Patriot Act, which was approved after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.

The White House backs a reform measure known as the USA Freedom Act, which the House of Representatives passed on May 13 but has not come up for a vote in the Senate.

The Freedom Act would replace bulk phone-data collection and other domestic surveillance practices that are permitted under the Patriot Act, introducing more targeted procedures. Privacy rights activists have been clamoring for such reforms since former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden exposed the surveillance program two years ago.

Officials from President Barack Obama's Democratic administration have been lobbying the Republican-controled Congress to support the Freedom Act, calling it the best way to prevent "a very uncertain future" for the national security authorities.

Some experts disagreed.

"Our intelligence capabilities against terrorists will take a hit" if the Freedom Act becomes law, Stewart Baker, former general counsel at the National Security Agency, told Reuters.

If Congress lets the provisions of the Patriot Act simply expire, it would mean "a double hit," Baker said. "That would leave terrorism investigators without tools that drug crime investigators use every day. That's nuts."

With the House of Representatives adjourned until June 1 for the Memorial Day recess, the Senate was juggling several decisions.

The picture became more complicated when Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr said on Thursday he would offer compromise legislation that would includes parts of the Freedom Act, give the NSA two years to wrap up the bulk data program and keep in place other less-controversial pieces of the Patriot Act.

He said he expected votes on Friday in the Senate on the Freedom Act and a two-month extension of the existing surveillance powers, but predicted neither would pass. He said he hoped instead for a days-long extension to allow debate on his compromise.

"I don't think that any member outside of Senator Paul wants to see the program go away," Burr told reporters, referring to Rand Paul, a Republican candidate for next year's presidential election, who led 10 hours of speeches on Wednesday opposing the Patriot Act.

Julian Sanchez of the libertarian-leaning Cato Institute played down the impact of ending the surveillance, saying of the potential cessation of bulk telephony metadata collection that two independent reviews had found it to be "of little if any real utility."

(Additional reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh, Susan Heavey, Andrew Hay and Frances Kerry) Not so fast: connected cars could cause data traffic jams FRANKFURT Traffic jams in the future could cause potentially dangerous data snarl-ups as cars packed with entertainment, safety and navigation features vie for airwaves with smartphones, tablets and networked features in other vehicles, according to a study.

By 2024, mobile networks will see machine-to-machine (M2M) connections jump 10-fold to 2.3 billion from 250 million in 2014. Half these links will be automotive, said the study published on Thursday by Machina Research.

On the roads, about one in five vehicles worldwide will have some form of wireless network connection by 2020, or more than a quarter of a billion connected vehicles, according to a forecast from technology research firm Gartner.

Connected cars with onboard Wi-Fi connections could cause spikes in cellular data demand when traffic grinds to a halt as drivers seek alternative routes and bored passengers search for entertainment on phones and tablets, the Machina study says.

It says car navigation and collision detection systems that rely on local networks to identify obstacles could then become strained, if they are not carefully designed and regulated.

The report says the dangers will mount over the next decade but stops short of painting a picture of bloody roadside pile-ups. Such scenarios can be averted if network operators pay more attention to managing surging, unpredictable data demands in congested areas and device makers do more to ensure their products do not interfere with other network users.

PEAK TRAFFIC

"In terms of overall data volumes, connected cars don't present much of a problem," said Matt Hatton, founder and chief executive of Machina, a British market research firm specializing in machine-to-machine data communications.

"But network resource management is not based on total traffic volume. It's based on particular cell sites during peak times of network use," Hatton said of the antennas and equipment used to transfer mobile calls and data to and from a local area.

Peak traffic in rush hour could double in the immediate vicinity of congested areas due to the electronics on board connected cars, Machina estimates.

Already, most drivers stuck in traffic jams expect mobile phone coverage to drop out from the sheer volume of callers who suddenly find themselves bumper-to-bumper.

Less noticeably, phone users in densely populated areas can see superfast 4G data connections drop to slower 3G links or even 2G connections capable only of limited data transfers.

But while phones make minimal demands on a network until a user downloads a video, updates email or makes a call, network congestion multiplies when drivers converge in road traffic.

"Connected cars, as with other M2M devices, don't behave like smartphones," Hatton said, due in part to the vastly more diverse set of devices that will come into play with so many machines talking to other machines.

The Machina report was sponsored by TEOCO, a Fairfax, Virginia-based provider of network management services to major telecom network operators worldwide.

(Editing by David Clarke) 
2015-01-11
Here's How AT&T Inc. Wants to Control Your Home (and Why It Won't Work) A massive amount of companies have launched, or are planning to launch, software platforms to control the growing trend of home automation devices. Apple, Qualcomm, Samsung, Google, US Cellular, and even Staples (no joke) all have some form of home automation platform, and there are dozens more.

AT&T (NYSE:T) has its own as well -- called Digital Life -- and earlier this week, the company announced it will be opening up the platform to Samsung, Qualcomm, LG, and a few others so they can connect their devices to the telecom's home automation system.

It's a logical step, but one which may not prove useful in the long run.

Why AT&T is opening up

The company is likely doing this for two reasons.

First, it helps spread the adoption of smart home connections, which is obviously good for AT&T's Digital Life. The more companies working together on home automation systems, the easier it is for customers to see the benefits in buying products that connect to them. Right now, Digital Life has about 140,000 U.S. subscribers -- half of which signed up in the past two quarters. That's solid growth for a system that's only two years old and in a market that's only beginning to take off. Add Qualcomm and Samsung into the mix, and AT&T should see adoption rates speed up even faster.

Second, AT&T is realizing that most home automation platforms let customers add their own devices to the system instead of offering only one choice. AT&T doesn't let you buy one camera from a company and pair it with a door sensor from another company. In theory, the new partnerships will make this is a little easier, but AT&T's system is still very restrictive compared to many other home automation platforms.

Still, it's hard to fault AT&T for getting into the home automation space considering the profit potential.

A recent Juniper Research report said:

Security and Control elements of the Smart Home will reveal a service provider opportunity approaching $12 billion by 2018 as automation elements are added to service propositions.

But it's hard for me to shake the idea that AT&T is somehow going about it all wrong.

Why it won't work

Though the telecom just opened up Digital Life, many other smart home platforms are already doing that in much bigger ways. Consider that Nest -- which makes smart thermostats and smoke alarms -- has its own Works With Nest initiative for third-party devices. The company is owned by Google, has one of the most popular smart home devices on the market, and already has a platform more open than AT&T -- that combination doesn't bode well for the telecom.

And then there's pricing. Many tech companies sell smart home devices that work without a monthly subscription, while AT&T's Digital Life charges not just for the equipment but also adds a monthly service fee per device. For example, if you want to add a camera to your house, you can buy AT&T's $100 camera and pay the company $5 per month to keep it tied into the Digital Life system (and don't forget the 24-month commitment, too!). Or you could buy a Dropcam for $200 -- which requires no other purchases, fees, or contracts -- and stream live surveillance feeds from your home and get mobile notifications for free. Sure, you can buy monthly cloud storage for video recordings from Dropcam (which is owned by Nest), but it's not mandatory.

According to Juniper Research, revenue from the smart home automation market is expected to reach $71 billion over the next three years, which means we'll only see more companies trying to get in on the action. But as home automation standards get established, and a few key platforms begin to emerge, I think AT&T's Digital Life will be sidelined. Customers are already paying the telecom for their Internet connection -- why would they want to pay the company again to connect a home automation device? Can This Tiny European Startup Take Down Google? Every established market leader must eventually face disruptive challengers. Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) was once a hungry startup itself but now reigns as the defender of the online search crown, with a new set of upstarts nipping at its heels.

The latest challenge comes from France, where fresh-faced search engine, Qwant, is hoping to upset Google's dominant market position.

Founded in 2011 and hitting the Web in 2013, Qwant combines several types of searches onto a single page of results. The site integrates social networking directly into the search experience, making it easy to share your results on Facebook and Twitter. Moreover, the service prides itself on performing anonymous searches where the user's identity isn't tied to the results.

Is this the radical disruptor that will bring Google to its knees -- or just another fringe player, unlikely to ruffle the American giant's feathers?

What's new and different?

Qwant's anonymous search policy ties into a global trend. Other alternative search engines have been making similar claims for years, led by privacy-focused upstart DuckDuckGo.

The sprawling results pages hearken back to a much earlier time, when meta search engines were required for getting usable results out of the simplest of searches. The page design also brings back echoes from a decade ago or more. User-friendly design clearly took a backseat to providing as much information as possible in a single page.

So Qwant is more of a throwback than a radical innovation, at least on the surface. The service is actually not a meta search engine, having built its own online catalog on technology licensed from fellow French technologist, Pertimm. However, the results from this central database are expanded by tapping into social data gathered from Facebook and Twitter, encyclopedic information from Wikipedia, and other niche-specific data sources.

The Wikipedia results may raise an eyebrow or two, being presented under Qwant's own "Qnowledge Graph" banner. The information is clearly labeled as being pulled straight from Wikipedia, but only at the very bottom. Up top, the service clearly leans on Google's branding efforts with its Knowledge Graph database.

To clarify that bit even further, Google does not pull its Knowledge Graph results out of Wikipedia but from its own proprietary Web-scraping efforts. For better or worse, Google provides a fully automated system for encyclopedia-style facts, while Qwant's similar results are hand-edited by Wikipedia's users.





Should Google be scared?

Qwant does bring a different search format to the table, with a side of improved privacy. For those who didn't know, Google collects information about its users and their search habits, then feeds the data back into personalized advertising streams and improved search services. Qwant does neither of these things, not even if you're logged into your Qwant account.

There is surely a market for this, warts and all. The Twitter and Facebook features look especially nifty and could make Qwant regulars out of the heaviest social media users. But as a Google shareholder ,it doesn't make me stretch a trembling finger over the "sell" button.

"There's a need for a choice," said Qwant investor Jean Manuel Rozan in a recent interview with the New York Times' Dealbook blog. "Europe is the only place in the world where people think that Google is the Internet."

True enough. But if established tech giants have failed to topple Google with products like Yahoo! Search and Microsoft 's Bing -- both sporting European market shares below 4% each, while Google soars to nearly 92% -- you have to wonder why this unusual but flawed search tool would fare any better.

Simply not being Google isn't good enough. Qwant must back its claims up with solid services, and the current design is too unfocused to go anywhere.

I realize that it's a young service, still finding its footing, but chances are that it'll fall apart before becoming a viable business. Truth be told, DuckDuckGo looks like a far bigger threat than Qwant will ever be in its current form. US Drilling Rig Count Fell by Largest Total in 23 Years The number of drilling rigs working in the United States as of last Friday totaled 1,750, down by 61 from the previous week s total. The week ending January 9 saw the largest drop in the number of working rigs since 1991.

Of those working rigs, 1,684 are land-based, 54 are operating offshore and 12 are working inland waters. The count comes from oil field services company Baker Hughes Inc. (NYSE: BHI).

The decline in oil rigs comprised the entire loss of 61 working rigs last week. The number of directional drilling rigs shut down totaled 14, and 35 horizontal rigs were idled. Drillers also stopped work with 12 vertical rigs.

The Permian Basin lost 28 rigs last week and the Williston Basin, home to the Bakken field, lost eight. Both fields hit their 12-month highs for rig count last fall, with 562 rigs in the Permian and 198 in the Williston.

The Eagle Ford play dropped three rigs last week and now has 197 working rigs in the field. A year ago there were 227 rigs in the Eagle Ford, its highest total for the previous 12 months.

The rig count in the Gulf of Mexico has dropped by three, from 57 to 54, after hitting a high of 66 in September. A total of 44 of the 54 rigs in the Gulf are oil rigs.

Cuts to capital budgets among exploration and production companies have already begun to have an impact on the number of rigs operating in the United States. Production is expected to rise even though the rig counts are dropping, at least in the near term. But as wells are completed, little or no new drilling will occur, especially in areas outside the sweet spots of the major basins.

An analyst with Raymond James expects 850 rigs to be idled this year as companies wait for crude prices to rise again. The current U.S. rig count of 1,750 is roughly equal to the total of 1,754 at the same time last year.

ALSO READ: North Dakota Producers Looking at Crude Falling to $30 
2015-11-03
In first Alphabet remarks, Larry Page hints self-driving cars a top priority  Google Parent Company Alphabet Targeting India for Stratospheric Internet Balloons Visitors stand next to a  Project Loon  balloon, on display in Christchurch, June 2013. Agence France-Presse/Getty Images

Google parent company Alphabet Inc. says it is discussing with the Indian government an ambitious project to use high-altitude balloons to provide Internet access in remote areas, the latest sign of U.S. tech firms  interest in the world s second-most-populous country.

Known as Project Loon, the Alphabet plan involves a network of balloons floating in the stratosphere that would serve as  floating mobile-phone towers.  The initiative is meant to connect people who now lack online access.

The balloons would hover at altitudes higher than those flown by commercial aircraft.

 We had a meeting with Google,  said Ajay Kumar, an additional secretary in India s Department of Electronics and Information Technology.  The matter is under consideration. 

A Singapore-based Google spokesman said Tuesday Alphabet was talking to India as well as other countries and phone companies. But, he said,  We don t have anything to announce at this time. 

Alphabet last week said it is planning a test in 2016 with the three largest wireless carriers in populous Indonesia.

The company, which has tested the program in New Zealand and elsewhere, earlier said it had signed a memorandum of understanding to test it in Sri Lanka as well.

India and Indonesia are home to hundreds of millions of people who have yet to come online   a huge source of potential growth for technology firms looking to add new users.

Just 18% of India s more than 1.2 billion people have Internet access, according to the World Bank. In Indonesia, home to 250 million people, the rate is 17%.

Facebook, which competes with Alphabet s Google for digital-advertising dollars, is also keen to capitalize on India, where it has been adding new users at a faster pace than in developed countries.

Founder Mark Zuckerberg last week spoke to students at the Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi.  If you have a mission of connecting everyone in the world, you can t do that without connecting India,  he said.

For breaking news, features and analysis from India, follow WSJ India on Facebook. Google: Our Drones Will Deliver Packages By 2017 Alphabet and Amazon.com Inc are among a growing number of companies that intend to make package delivery by drone a reality. But drone deliveries are not expected to take flight until after the FAA publishes final rules for commercial drone operations, which are expected early next year.

Two years after initial research began, Project Wing was announced in August 2014 with a YouTube video showing a field test of its most viable prototype in Australia.

The prototype flown in Australia, 1.5 meters (4.9 feet) wide and 0.8 meters (2.6 feet) tall, shares the same four-propeller quad copter design as popular consumer drones, but the company said consumers can expect to see new vehicle types and shapes as the project unfolds.

Inside the United States, Project Wing has conducted testing with NASA.

Vos, who is co-chair of an FAA task force charged with coming up with a drone registry, said a system for identifying drone operators and keeping UAV away from other aircraft could be set up within 12 months.

"We're pretty much on a campaign here, working with the FAA, working with the small UAV community and the aviation community at large, to move things along," he said.

Vos said a drone registry, which the Obama administration hopes to set in place by Dec. 20, would be a first step toward a system that could use wireless telecommunications and Internet technology including cellphone applications to identify drones and keep UAV clear of other aircraft and controlled airspace.

He said Google would like to see low altitude "Class G" airspace carved out for drones, saying it would keep UAV away from most manned aircraft aside from low-flying helicopters, while enabling drones to fly over highly populated areas. 2 Reasons Google (Alphabet) Might Not Survive the Decade  Google Replies to Email Overload by Writing Your Reply Google is already reading your email. Now it wants to help you reply.

Google, whose parent company recently renamed itself Alphabet Inc., is rolling out a Gmail program this week that will guess which emails can be answered with a short reply and prepare a few responses on your behalf, the company said in a blog post. Called Smart Reply, it lets you tap on one of its suggested responses to start editing. If it s good to send as is, tap again to send it. 
2015-05-22
HP forecasts split-related costs below expectations The Hewlett-Packard (HP) logo is seen as part of a display at the Microsoft Ignite technology conference in Chicago, Illinois, May 4, 2015. REUTERS/Jim Young

Hewlett-Packard Co (HPQ.N), which is in the process of splitting itself, forecast separation-related costs below the expectation of several analysts and reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit.

The world's No. 2 personal computer maker, whose shares rose more than 3 percent in extended trading on Thursday, kept its profit forecast unchanged for the full year, allaying fears of a strong dollar and weak enterprise demand for its services.

The 75-year-old company said it expects $400 million-$450 million of costs from the planned separation of its computer and printer businesses from its faster-growing corporate hardware and service operations.

On a conference call, the company said it sees potentially $2 billion in restructuring costs in its Enterprise Services group over three years.

The company added it may reduce costs at the two companies by about $1 billion during the same period.

"I thought it could be a little higher than that," FBN Securities analyst Shebly Seyrafi said. There was some excitement about the costs being less than expected, he said.

The forecast soothed investor concerns about costs for the breakup in the first year, Cross Research analyst Shannon Cross said.

Ongoing cost reductions and HP's focus on higher-margin sales were driving profit, Cross said. Total costs and expenses fell 5.7 percent to $24 billion in the second quarter ended April 30.

"I think the Street was expecting higher expenses," Seyrafi said.

In February, HP   which gets nearly two-thirds of its revenue from outside the United States   forecast full-year earnings well below analysts' estimates, citing a strong dollar.

Up to Thursday's close, the dollar .DXY had risen 19 percent against a basket of major currencies in the past year.

HP's net income fell to $1.01 billion, or 55 cents per share, from $1.27 billion, or 66 cents per share a year earlier.

Excluding items, the company earned 87 cents per share. Analysts on average had expected a profit of 85 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Sales across most of HP's product lines fell, dragging its total revenue down 6.8 percent to $25.45 billion. Its enterprise services unit, which accounts for about a fifth of total revenue, suffered the most with a 16 percent drop.

The company forecast an adjusted profit of 83-87 cents per share for the third quarter. Analysts were expecting 87 cents.

HP also said Cathie Lesjak will become the Chief Financial Officer of HP Inc, while Tim Stonesifer will become the CFO of Hewlett Packard Enterprise.

(Reporting by Abhirup Roy and Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das and Lisa Shumaker) 
2015-08-17
XYZ is exploding after Google's Alphabet announcement Daniel Negari could not be clearer - his company is not for sale.

XYZ.com LLC's founder and CEO Negari says he was literally shaking with excitement when he read Google Inc's announcement that .xyz would host the website of the tech giant's new company, Alphabet Inc.

"I walked over to my team and said this is the biggest thing that could have ever happened to us. I read the message again because it was so surreal," Negari said.

The 29-year-old entrepreneur, who has offices in Beverly Hills and Las Vegas, told Reuters on Monday that XYZ had seen a very large increase in interest for strategic investments as well as total buyout after Google unveiled its new face.

Negari, however, insists that his company is not for sale.

"I believe I was put on the earth to do .xyz, and to bring it to the market. My work is nowhere near done," Negari said.

He added that the company had seen interest from large technology players amongst others.

The young CEO, who paid the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) $185,000 to apply for .xyz, told Reuters that while an initial public offering could not be ruled out, the company did not have any immediate plans for it.

Google's validation of the .xyz domain has helped the number of domains the company registers grow many fold, ICANN'S youngest registry operator Negari said.

While the company normally registers 3,000 domains a day on average, 30,000 .xyz domains were registered in the week of Google's announcement.

"This (Google's announcement) raises the profile to a level that all the marketing and advertising we do all over the world couldn't have taken us to," Negari said.

XYZ also owns .college and .rent and plans to launch domains such as .security, .protection, .theatre, .car, .cars and .auto by the end of this year.

Get the latest Google stock price here.

Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2015. Follow Reuters on Twitter. 
2015-01-25
Should Netflix, Inc. Investors Worry Over Higher Streaming Prices? For the first time in years, Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) raised prices last May on its streaming video service. Everything went exactly according to plan   at first.

Netflix added significantly more new members in the second quarter than it had in the prior year period. CEO Reed Hastings said that the extra cost didn't seem to be pushing down new sign-ups, either. "There was minimal impact on membership growth from this price change," management wrote in an investor letter in July. At the same time, profitability almost doubled to 19% from the prior year's 10%.

But the executive team changed their tune in the third quarter when membership growth in the U.S. dropped below the prior year's figure for the first time. They explained: "As best we can tell, the primary cause is the slightly higher prices we now have compared to a year ago." While Hastings said this wasn't as important as the fact that user engagement was at a record high, Wall Street judged that Netflix had no pricing power. Profit and subscriber growth in the U.S. was going to be weak, which could also threaten Netflix's global expansion plans.

Now we know just how misplaced all of that worry was.

Spiking profitability

This week Netflix announced fourth-quarter earnings results in which profit in the U.S. business surged higher by 40% to $260 million. Membership growth did slow down, but it remained strong. The company added 1.9 million new members at the higher prices as compared to 2.3 million to close out 2013. Management projected the same trend to start 2015: Membership growth of a solid 2 million subscribers.

At the same time average revenue per user rose and profitability spiked higher by five percentage points to 28%.

Far from declining profitability, Netflix is seeing strong earnings growth. In fact, management expects to hit a 30% profit margin next quarter and to boost that figure by about two percentage points each year until 2020 when it could reach 40%.

What it means for investors

So the price increase has shown that Netflix is providing real value to its subscriber base over and above the prices that members are paying. And the added profitability is helpful because it allows the company to buy more content and thereby power the happy cycle of a better service leading to more members which funds a better service.

Netflix is planning its biggest year yet on that score. It will triple the output of originals launching on the service in 2015 to over 300 hours of exclusive content. That should help keep member engagement marching higher while also attracting a steady stream of new subscribers.

And with the U.S. business comfortably profitable Netflix can spend freely on its international expansion. The company is now set to cover the globe in just the next two years, while staying profitable.

A flexible model

Another risky price increase on U.S. subscribers is possible in the next few years. But Netflix isn't counting on that to fund the projected profit expansion. Chief Financial Officer David Wells said in this week's conference call with investors that the business model has plenty of flexibility built into it that would allow margins to climb to 40% under a range of membership scenarios.

That flexibility includes content rolling on and off the service, along with members upgrading to higher pricing tiers like the company's $12 per-month Ultra HD plan. "What you should expect from us is a steady growth in average selling price, and we'll disconnect pricing ... using our tiers to provide value and choice for the consumers to steadily grow our average selling price over time," he said. 
2015-12-26
Facebook Inc. Gives Nvidia Corporation's GPUs a Seal of Approval Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is using Nvidia's (NASDAQ:NVDA) new Tesla M40 GPUs in Big Sur, a computing platform designed for AI and machine learning tasks. Nvidia says that it worked with Facebook to ensure that Big Sur will deliver "maximum performance for machine learning workloads, including the training of large neural networks across multiple Tesla GPUs."

This decision highlights an interesting market opportunity for Nvidia, the largest manufacturer of add-in graphics boards in the world. It also demonstrates the effectiveness of GPUs in machine learning tasks when compared to traditional CPUs. Will Facebook's vote of confidence in Nvidia's GPUs attract the attention of other players in the machine learning market?

Why is Facebook investing in AI?

Facebook has been investing heavily in machine learning to help translate content, detect faces in photos and videos, and improve its core news feed algorithm by analyzing text. Facebook's upcoming M assistant, its answer to Siri and Cortana, uses machine learning to comb through the social network's massive database. The better Facebook's AI can identify people, objects, and places in user content, the more accurate its targeted ads can be.

That's the same reason Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) launched its Photos app, which uses AI to organize user photos by person, object, location, and other traits. Google also uses its cloud-based machine learning service to predict search queries across its ecosystem. As tech giants race to create the most efficient machine learning and predictive analytics systems, demand for powerful machine learning platforms like Big Sur will rise.

Why is Nvidia the top choice?

In the past, GPUs were 10 to 20 times faster than comparable CPUs at performing "deep learning" tasks which required image recognition and algorithmic calculations. Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is the largest CPU and GPU maker in the world, but the majority of its GPUs are lower-powered integrated solutions for desktops and laptops.

Earlier this year, Intel claimed that its new Xeon Phi processors could offer similar performance to Nvidia's Tesla GPUs in performing deep learning tasks. However, Nvidia claims that in a matchup between its Tesla K80 GPUs and Intel's Xeon Phi 7120 CPUs, the Tesla GPU was "two to five times" faster in running "key science applications" than the Xeon Phi. Nvidia also noted that while programming requirements for the Tesla and Xeon Phi are similar, "the results are significantly better on a GPU."

Nvidia also makes it easier for developers to create deep learning apps with CUDA (Compute Unified Device Architecture), its own parallel computing platform and API model. CUDA works with common programming languages like C++, and gives developers direct access to the GPU. AMD, Nvidia's main rival in high-end GPUs, uses OpenCL (Open Computing Language), which lacks CUDA's deep learning libraries.

Nvidia's plans for growth

Nvidia's interest in deep learning and AI expands far beyond Facebook's data centers. Back in March, it launched a $10,000 driverless car development platform called Drive PX, which is powered by two Tegra X1 processors. It also unveiled Digits DevBox, a $15,000 deep learning "mini-supercomputer" powered by four Titan X GPUs.

In November, drone market leader DJI Innovations launched the Manifold, a $499 Tegra K1-powered computer for drones. Last month, Nvidia unveiled the Jetson TX1, a "deep learning" module for drones and driverless cars which runs on its Tegra X1. Nvidia will start selling the Jetson TX1 next year for $299.

Since Tegra SoCs merge an ARM-licensed CPU with Nvidia's own GPUs, the Jetson can help drones and driverless cars process what they "see" and react accordingly. That's why Intel recently combined its RealSense depth-sensing cameras with its Atom processors in its new SoCs for drones. Stronger Tegra sales across these markets can offset the SoC's weakness in smartphones and tablets. Last quarter, Tegra sales fell 23% annually and accounted for less than 10% of Nvidia's top line.

Meanwhile, Nvidia expects to deploy its high-end Tesla GPUs in supercomputers and other high-end systems. By aiming Tegra SoCs at the mainstream market and the Tesla GPUs at the high-end market, Nvidia can cast a wide net over the fledgling AI and machine learning market.

The key takeaway

With Tegra and Tesla, Nvidia is leveraging its market-leading position in high-end GPUs to establish a firm foothold in the machine learning market. These investments might not generate meaningful revenue over the next few quarters, but they will likely pay off once the machine learning battle heats up, drones lift off, and driverless cars hit public roads. 
2015-12-11
NBA All-Star Voting Can Now Be Done Through Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Search The NBA has now opened its 2016 All-Star voting and it looks like this could be the year that we see more votes. Fans now only have to search on Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to vote for the best players this season. The league and Google will let fans vote through searches, which usually take less than two seconds. It will be available for desktop and mobile devices. The process is way easier for fans now since they don t have to go to the official website to vote for the stars.

How To Vote

All fans have to do is search a phrase like NBA All-Star Voting and the option will come up. If you search NBA All-Star Voting plus the team, you will get all the players on the team. If you only search the first phrase, it will ask you to select the team. Fans then select the player they want to vote for, they have one vote per player and a maximum of ten votes per day.

The league also has voting options on some of the most popular social networks around the world. You can also vote through the NBA s website, its app or message. The search seems like the easiest option out of the ones mentioned above. Voting ends January 18, 2016.

Who Are You Voting For?

The partnership makes sense for the league as many fans don t like going to the official website or using social media to vote. Google search is something we use everyday and voting will take just a few seconds now, all you have to do is click on the players picture. Remember, you only have ten votes per day.

Voting ends on January 18 and the league will announce the results three days later. The All-Star game will take place on February 14 in Toronto. Golden State s star point guard Stephen Curry had the most votes last year, with over 1.5 million. The number of votes will probably be bigger for Curry this time since voting will be easier and the Warriors are undefeated at 23-0. There are other names who are almost guaranteed to be at the game. Stars like LeBron, Wade, Durant, Westbrook and Harden are some of the most popular players around the league and always make this an entertaining event.

Who are you voting for? Do you plan on voting through the website, social media or search? Let us know in the comments.



 
2015-07-29
United Airlines data breached by China-backed hackers: Bloomberg A customer is reflected in a screen showing the schedule times of United at Newark International airport in New Jersey , November 15, 2012. REUTERS/Eduardo Munoz

United Continental Holdings Inc has been the target of a data breach linked to a group of China-backed hackers, Bloomberg reported.

The company detected an attack into its computer systems in May or early June, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter.

Among the data stolen are manifests, which include information on flights' passengers and destinations, Bloomberg said.

United Airlines did not immediately respond for comment.

The China-backed hackers are the ones that were behind other data breaches including medical data from health insurer Anthem Inc and security clearance records from the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, Bloomberg reported.

(Reporting by Abinaya Vijayaraghavan in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel) A fresh Start: Microsoft's Windows 10 wins plaudits A Microsoft logo is seen on an office building in New York City, July 28, 2015. The global launch of the Microsoft Windows 10 operating system will take place on July 29. REUTERS/Mike Segar

A waiter serves a Microsoft delegate during the launch of the Windows 10 operating system in Kenya's capital Nairobi, July 29, 2015. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya

A Microsoft delegate checks applications on a smartphone during the launch of the Windows 10 operating system in Kenya's capital Nairobi, July 29, 2015. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya

Microsoft delegates check applications in a computer during the launch of the Windows 10 operating system in Kenya's capital Nairobi, July 29, 2015. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya

A Microsoft delegate checks applications on a computer during the launch of the Windows 10 operating system in Kenya's capital Nairobi, July 29, 2015. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya

Microsoft delegates take a selfie photograph during the launch of the Windows 10 operating system in Kenya's capital Nairobi, July 29, 2015. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya

Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella addresses delegates during the launch of the Windows 10 operating system in Kenya's capital Nairobi, July 29, 2015. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya

Microsoft Corp's (MSFT.O) launch of its first new operating system in almost three years, designed to work across laptops, desktop and smartphones, won mostly positive reviews for its user-friendly and feature-packed interface.

The launch was seen critical for the company, particularly after the poor response to Windows 8, an ambitious redesign that confused many users by ditching the start button menu and introducing a new layout.

The new OS, launched on Wednesday, will be available as a free upgrade for users of Windows 7, Windows 8.1 and Windows Phone 8.1.

Wall Street Journal's Geoffrey Fowler said Windows 10 fixes most of the issues with Windows 8 and improves on Windows 7, Microsoft's most popular OS in recent years.

For one, the start button is back.

"Three months of testing Windows 10 determined that this familiar yet fresh overhaul far outweighs any problems," Fowler wrote in his review.

By offering free upgrades, Microsoft aims to put the system on as many devices as possible. The company would then make up for any lost revenue by selling services such as Office over the Internet, or cloud.

FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives said the cloud strategy could generate a new revenue stream.

"It's a step in the right direction. They went back to their core DNA around software and a cloud-centric model and ultimately Windows as a service, a subscription model," Ives told Reuters.

Microsoft, which unveiled Windows 10 in September, skipped Windows 9 altogether, to put some distance between the new system and Windows 8.

At least one prominent reviewer was skeptical, saying the new OS was unlikely to boost PC sales or salvage Microsoft's Windows phone business.

Re/code's Walt Mossberg said some features were promising but the new OS was "surprisingly buggy".

"I doubt it will convert many Mac owners, spur a shopping spree in new PCs, bring in droves of new developers, or save the Windows Phone," Mossberg wrote.

Almost all critics lauded the return of the Start button.

"I can't start a review of Windows 10 without heralding the return of the Start menu," USA Today's Edward Baig wrote

"The newly revamped Start menu in Windows 10 is a useful combination of Windows past and present and a metaphor for the entire direction of Windows 10," .

Windows 10 also comes equipped with 'Cortana', a digital assistant similar to Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) Siri and Google Inc's (GOOG.O) Now.

(Editing by Simon Jennings and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) 
2015-10-22
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): The 5 Most Ambitious Google Projects Tara Clarke: Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), formerly known as Google Inc. up until Aug. 10, reports Q3 2015 earnings after the bell on Thursday, Oct. 22.

It s been an impressive 13 weeks for the innovation powerhouse. To start, GOOG stock rose 17.94% in Q3 alone (from June 30 through Sept. 30). That s an $81.8 billion market cap increase   which means Google almost tripled the entire value of eBay Inc. (Nasdaq: EBAY), worth $29.4 billion, in a single quarter.

As remarkable as that sounds, Google s latest push into some truly surprising fields is the real standout story right now.

After strong Google earnings, here are five of the most ambitious projects Google has already dived into in its fourth quarter 2015 

5 of the Most Ambitious Google (Nasdaq: GOOG) Projects in Q4

GOOG Q3 Project No. 1   Africa s largest wind farm: On Oct. 20, Google bought a 12.5% stake in Africa s largest wind farm project, Kenya s Lake Turkana. Danish wind turbine manufacturer Vestas Wind Systems A/S owns the project, which is expected to be completed in 2017.

According to Bloomberg, the Lake Turkana wind project will have a capacity of 310 megawatts and will cost about $700 million. It will power roughly 2 million homes once connected. That means it will deliver 15% of Kenya s current grid capacity.

 We are making a commitment to invest in Lake Turkana because it makes financial sense, but also because it has the potential to have a massive impact on Kenya s grid, helping to spur the deployment of renewable energy in one of the world s fastest-growing countries,  Google Vice President of Energy John Woolard said.

Google has invested more than $2 billion to 22 clean energy projects to date. This is the firm s second such investment in Africa (it bought into the Jasper solar project in South Africa in 2013).

GOOG Q3 Project No. 2   Solar-powered contact lens: Google was awarded a patent for a solar-powered contact lens on Oct. 13. These things do way more than just correct vision 

According to TechInsider, the firm originally announced its smart contact lens project in 2014, with a goal of using them to measure glucose levels in tears using a tiny wireless chip and a tiny glucose sensor.

But the new patent reveals more ambitious plans. According to the patent filing, the latest version can collect biological data about the wearer via sensors that detect a range of data, such as internal body temperature and blood-alcohol content. According to the patent, it may also gather environmental data like potential allergens (grass, pet dander, etc.). And it can communicate with computers to log all this data.

GOOG Q3 Project No. 3   Auto insurance provider: The tech giant already got a foothold in the auto insurance business with  Google Compare.  The service allows web users to shop for the best rates. And Google Compare Auto Insurance Services Inc. is licensed to sell insurance from providers like MetLife in 26 states.

But GOOG s role in the subindustry took a huge leap on Oct. 7 when it became an auto insurance provider itself. The company announced it will accept liability for any accidents that result from a component or design flaw in one of its Autonomous Vehicles (AVs).

You see, insurance has long been a speculative pitfall for AVs.  It s going to be very complicated,  Joe Woods, the vice president of government relations at Property Causality Insurance Association, told Big Country back on Sept. 21.  Whose fault is it when two of these cars hit? Did it fail because the system failed, the software was bad, the hardware was put in wrong, or maybe one of the drivers overrode the system? Those are complicated issues when you get into a courtroom and could be very expensive for an insured driver. 

Google s move this quarter took a step toward making AVs a reality for drivers.

GOOG Q3 Project No. 4   Business suite: Shortly after Microsoft Office 2016 s Sept. 22 launch, Google knocked some wind out of its rival software giant s sails. On Oct. 19, Google waived the price of its  Google Apps for Work  package for a six-month period for customers who drop their Microsoft Corp. (Nasdaq: MSFT) and other competitor contracts (IBM Corp. (NYSE: IBM) is the other big player in this space). The company said it will additionally pay up to $75,000 to each company switching to its software to cover the costs of making the change.

Google Apps for Work includes the word processing, spreadsheet, calendar, forms, and presentation tools analogous to Microsoft s Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and other products. Google says customers can save up to 70% by switching.

In its offer, GOOG stated that more than 600 organizations with 10,000 or more employees already use Apps for Work.

GOOG Q3 Project No. 5   The biggest library in the world: A landmark ruling in favor of Google happened in Q3 2015. On Oct. 16, Google Books   which has been under dispute for 10 years   officially became legal.

In 2004, Google began to scan both copyrighted and non-copyrighted books in academic libraries. It intends to make portions of the material freely available online. In other words, web users can read snippets of books or search for keywords within. But the Authors Guild sued Google to cease and desist, arguing the service violated its members  copyright protections.

Google emerged victories under the fair use doctrine, which allows people use and adapt copyrighted works without getting express permission.

 [The court s decision] isn t only good news for fans of Google Books,  writes The Atlantic on Oct. 20.  It helps makes the legal boundaries of fair use clear to other organizations who may try to take advantage of it, including libraries and non-profits. 

Written By Tara Clarke From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars; new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet. And MoneyMorning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. Apple Inc. (AAPL), Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Agree on This Strategy Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) pay taxes at rates much below the S&P Average, according to a latest survey by personal finance website, WalletHub.

Data from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development shows that at 39%, the U.S. has the highest corporate tax rate among the 20 most developed economies.

Yet, the average rate of taxation imposed on the 100 biggest S&P corporations was 28.4% in 2014. Apple and Alphabet paid even lower rates   about 25% less   by stashing away their profits on foreign shores, the survey showed.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

 One method that multi-national corporations are using to pay lower international taxes is offshore transfer payments,  Jill Gonzalez, an analyst at WalletHub, said.

 This is done by creating foreign subsidiaries to make raw materials or parts in countries with low tax rates. The corporations  U.S. operations then buy these parts from the overseas units above cost. Thus, the foreign unit makes a large profit, which avoids the U.S. tax rate. 

Apple among Worst Offenders

Earlier in the week, a similar study by the Citizens for Tax Justice also found instances of big U.S. multinationals evading taxes.

Large U.S. corporations are avoiding paying about $620 billion in U.S. taxes by squirreling away almost $2.1 trillion in profits to foreign countries. The Cayman Islands and Bermuda were the most preferred tax-havens.

The report released Tuesday said Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) was among the  worst offenders.  The tech giant reportedly booked close to $181 billion in offshore income. That allowed the iPhone maker to evade around $59 billion in U.S. taxes.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has long been accused of using its overseas units to avoid billions of dollars in federal taxes. In 2013, CEO Tim Cook told a Senate hearing that the tech firm pays all the taxes it owes to the country. He further added that bringing its overseas profits back to the U.S. would be a  very expensive  proposition.

Rising Political Heat

Both these reports come at a time when there is a growing movement in Congress to give large multinationals a one-time tax break on overseas profits. New York Democrat Chuck Schumer is taking the lead to repatriate such profits. The resulting windfall, he said, would be used to finance a sweeping infrastructure project.

Corporate tax evasion is also featuring in the presidential race. Donald Trump has called for a one-time repatriation of offshore profits.

 Everybody agrees it should come back,  he said.  The reason companies aren t bringing it back is the tax is onerous.  Trump suggested a  one-off 10 percent tax  on profits held abroad to bring them back.

Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) closed Wednesday at $113.76. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) ended yesterday s trading at $642.61. The Stock Buyback Driving Up Alphabet Shares Is The Square Root Of 26 How did Alphabet come up with the weirdly specific number of $5.099 billion for its buyback of class C shares? By taking the square root of 26, which not-so-coincidentally is the number of letters in the alphabet.

@lexnfx It's the square root of 26 e18th. Those Google guys! They have so much fun with numbers.   George Anders (@GeorgeAnders) October 22, 2015

The big stock repurchase is driving up shares of Alphabet in after-hours trading. At the time of this post, shares were up 9.18 percent in after-hours trading.

Shareholders have been pressing Google to return money in the form of stock buybacks since the company reported it had $70 billion in cash on hand at the end of June.

Featured Image: Bryce Durbin 
2015-03-16
Will Retail Stores Make Google Inc. As "Cool" As Apple Inc.? Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently took baby steps into the brick-and-mortar retail space with its first "shop within a shop" in Currys PC World in London. The store replaces Google Chrome Zone, a smaller section for Chromebooks that launched in 2011.

Google's new store showcases a wide range of Android and Chrome OS devices and helps customers learn how to use them at classes and events. Google also plans to host "Virtual Space Camps" at the stores to teach children the basics of coding. The company plans to open two more "shop in shop" stores in the U.K. later this year, but it's unclear if stand-alone stores will follow.

Google's interest in the retail space isn't surprising, since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) already operate brick-and-mortar stores. Apple CEO Tim Cook recently announced that Apple now has 453 stores worldwide, and that over 120 million customers visited them in the fourth quarter of 2014. Microsoft currently has 111 retail stores worldwide.



Can Google replicate Apple's success?

There has been plenty of speculation about Google countering Apple's retail blitz, which started in 2001. Back in 2013, reports claimed that Google would launch retail stores across the U.S., but that never happened. Last year, Google sent its unfinished barges, originally intended to be floating retail showrooms, to the scrap yard.

But this time, things might be different. Google's U.K. marketing director, James Elias, noted that retail is still an essential way to reach potential buyers. In a statement, Elias stated:

The pace of innovation of the devices we all use is incredible, yet the way we buy them has remained the same for years. With the Google shop, we want to offer people a place where they can play, experiment and learn about all of what Google has to offer.

Apple also tested the "shop in shop" format back in the late 1990s before building stand-alone stores. After adding an Apple shop-in-shop to CompUSA's store in downtown San Francisco, Mac sales surged from 15% of store sales to 35%.

Today, stand-alone Apple Stores are so popular that they actually lift mall sales by 10%, according to Green Street Advisors. That boost gives Apple the power to negotiate below-market rental fees from mall operators. If Google can secure similar deals by boosting mall traffic, its retail locations could promote its devices at a minimal cost.



Why Google is hesitating

Yet the key difference between Google, Apple, and Microsoft is hardware production. Google specializes in software, but it only manufactures a few devices -- such as the Chromecast and Chromebook Pixel -- on its own. The majority of Android and Chrome devices are manufactured by OEM partners like Samsung, HTC, and Acer.

By comparison, Apple manufactures all of its iOS hardware, and Microsoft's hardware footprint now encompasses Xbox One consoles, Surface tablets, and Lumia phones. Therefore, selling hardware through brick-and-mortar stores puts money in Apple and Microsoft's pockets, but only a handful of devices generate any revenue for Google. Instead, Google monetizes Android and Chrome devices through search revenue, ad revenue, and app sales.

Therefore, stand-alone retail stores would be a great way to publicize Android and Chrome devices, but the return on investment will probably be substantially less than at Apple or Microsoft stores. That's probably why Google is taking baby steps with Chrome Zone and shop in shops instead of launching big stand-alone stores.

Google's future in retail

Despite those issues, I believe stand-alone Google stores can succeed if it jointly launches them with OEMs.

For example, Google can open the store, then rent out floor space to OEMs to set up their own shop in shops. Samsung, the top Android and Chromebook maker, previously set up "Samsung Experience Shops" in Best Buy stores to boost brand recognition. Samsung opened up stand-alone stores worldwide as well, but it shut down its flagship London location last December, presumably because of the poor performance of its mobile business over the past year. However, Samsung would likely be willing to sign a lighter brick-and-mortar deal with Google to increase its retail presence.

For now, Google will likely play it safe and stick with shop in shops instead of expanding into stand-alone stores. But if it expands to malls and beyond, I believe Google stores might become every bit as hip as (if not hipper than) Apple stores. 
2015-09-29
What Google's New Parent, Alphabet, Is Teaching Us About Self-Actualization What Google's New Parent, Alphabet, Is Teaching Us About Self-Actualization

Image credit: Google Google sees 'top-tier OEMs' as partners on self-driving cars Brin:  It remains open exactly how we're going to roll it out. In the near term, there's a real upshot of making it a service, which enables a lot of people to try it out.  Photo credit: REUTERS

Brin:  It remains open exactly how we're going to roll it out. In the near term, there's a real upshot of making it a service, which enables a lot of people to try it out.  Photo credit: REUTERS

Have an opinion about this story? Click here to submit a Letter to the Editor , and we may publish it in print.

MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif. -- Sergey Brin, co-founder of Google and president of its parent company Alphabet Inc., expects the technology giant to team up with  top-tier OEMs  when it ultimately brings its self-driving cars to market.

Brin, during impromptu remarks Tuesday at a press event at Google s headquarters here, said the company intends to focus at first on shared cars -- something like self-driving taxis -- but will ultimately explore using its technology in personally owned cars as well.

 It remains open exactly how we re going to roll it out,  Brin said.  In the near term, there s a real upshot of making it a service, which enables a lot of people to try it out. 

Google's custom-designed two-seat prototype built in Michigan by Roush Enterprises.

It would also be useful  to have the vehicle back to us every day,  Brin added, for the purpose of refining the technology.

Google, which has been working on self-driving cars since 2009, unveiled a custom-designed two-seat prototype last year. Built in Michigan by Roush Enterprises, the car uses parts from established suppliers such as Bosch and Continental.

 We re open to many ways of using this technology," says Brin, right. Photo credit: REUTERS

Established car companies such as Audi, BMW and Mercedes-Benz are also racing to perfect automated driving for luxury cars. Brin demurred when asked whether Google intends to build cars, saying that it will rely on partners instead.

 We re open to many ways of using this technology,  Brin said. This would not be the  No. 1 use case for the car,  he said, but he could imagine a personal car using Google s technology  where you can switch on and off the autonomy. 

 I think that s an important use,  Brin added.  I think this technology is going to benefit a lot of people and I d like to see it be available in the future in as many situations as possible.  China hands Microsoft administrative fine over Xbox venture A Microsoft Xbox video game logo is seen at the Electronic Entertainment Expo, or E3, in Los Angeles, California, United States, June 17, 2015. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson

BEIJING Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) and its Chinese partner in an Xbox game console venture have been fined by China's commerce ministry for breaching antitrust rules but escaped serious punishment after it deemed they did not hamper free market competition.

Microsoft and Shanghai Oriental Pearl Media Co Ltd (600637.SS), known as BesTV, were fined 200,000 yuan ($31,430)each for failing to report to antitrust regulators that their joint venture exceeded a market share threshold that usually triggers a disclosure requirement.

Microsoft and BesTV formed a venture in 2013 to bring the Xbox to China after the government lifted a 14-year ban on consoles.

The Xbox investigation, which did not find Xbox in serious violation of any antitrust rules, was unrelated to an ongoing probe by China's National Development and Reform Commission into Microsoft's Windows operating system and Office software sales practices.

(Reporting by Gerry Shih; Editing by Edwina Gibbs) 
2015-08-30
Thinking of Buying Google, Inc. Stock? Now's the Time It would be easy to think after Wednesday's stock price pop of over $47 per share that it's too late to grab Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) on sale. Thankfully, the sell-off was so overblown -- as so many of them tend to be -- that Google remains a bargain.

The "concerns" surrounding Google generally focus on its declining cost-per-click rates due to arriving a bit late to the mobile search party, along with its far-flung forays into futuristic endeavors like driverless cars and nanotechnology.

But as new-ish CFO Ruth Porat made clear when announcing second-quarter earnings in July, Google is making significant strides where it counts, and the recent market fluctuations that saw Google shed over $80 a share in a matter of days has made a solid, long-term growth opportunity that much more attractive.

What really matters

Prior to Google announcing second-quarter earnings on July 16, it was trading at about $601 a share, give or take. The day following its quarterly results, the stock price jumped to just shy of $700 a share. Clearly, Google once again knocked its financials out of the ballpark, particularly where it counted.

Google generated a whopping $17.73 billion in revenue last quarter. For a company of its size, reporting double-digit sales growth year over year is nothing short of impressive, and warranted investors' good tidings. What made Google's second quarter even more telling was how it came about its top-line growth and $6.99 in non-GAAP (excluding one-time items) earnings per share.

During her second-quarter earnings call, Porat made a point -- actually, made it several times -- to mention the positive impact mobile is having on Google's sales. Like its primary digital advertising competitor Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Google is reaping the benefits of marketers shifting more ad dollars online. That's particularly true of mobile digital spots.

Mobile usage on Google sites was up over 50% compared to the second quarter of 2014, and now averages about 40 minutes each day -- and that increased usage is translating to revenue. Thanks in part to continuing to expand its video advertising alternatives, the top 100 marketing partners have increased their respective ad spend on Google "over 60%" compared to last year.

Facebook has a long way to go in catching Google as it relates to sales, having just broken the $4 billion quarterly revenue milestone for the first time last quarter, but that hasn't stopped it from leading the mobile digital advertising charge. Last quarter, 76% of Facebook's ad revenue came from mobile. Naturally, Google wouldn't share specifics, but Porat was adamant that mobile is no longer an afterthought and that emphasis is beginning to pay dividends.

Then there's YouTube

Part of the reason Facebook was able to generate slightly over $4 billion in revenue last quarter was its decision to roll out video ads across its site. As it happens, Google's YouTube is quickly becoming a shining example of just how lucrative video can be. According to Porat, Google is enjoying "significant growth in YouTube revenues," thanks in part to its more than 60% increase in viewing time.

In fact, in the U.S. mobile YouTube usage accounts for more views among 18- to 49-year-olds than any cable network. Beyond its solid mobile and YouTube performance, Google's "other revenues " continues to climb. At $1.7 billion last quarter, Google's cloud solutions is growing, as are sales from its gaming downloads, which added more than 180 million new gamers around the world in the last six months alone.

Last but not least

Let's not forget Fiber, which Porat pointed out is a "long-term growth opportunity," and even Google's wireless service. Of course, there are still those far-flung moonshot development efforts that have weighed on Google's share price for some time, but even those have been addressed.

The creation of its Alphabet holding company may have caught a few Google followers by surprise. The move did seem to come out of nowhere, but there was a method to CEO Larry Page's madness. Those far-flung efforts like Project Loon and driverless cars -- let alone whatever else Google's thinking up in its secretive X Lab -- are now under a separate umbrella from its bread-and-butter search and ad units.

At about 21 times forward earnings according to S&P Capital IQ, double-digit revenue growth despite its size, and a new, more clearly defined business model in place, Google was a sound investment before the recent sell-off. Now? It's an absolute steal. 
2015-06-05
Google: Why I Prefer The Non-Voting Shares Well respected Fellow contributor Bill Maurer recently released an article titled Google Share Gap Hitting New Highs. He argues you should buy only Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Class A shares. I strongly disagree. The Class C share is cheaper and offers the same economic interest. Maurer argues:

The daily closing gap has increased by more than $9 in the past two months, as the Class A premium has risen to about $15 a share. If you have held Class C shares since April 2nd, you are up 0.89% on your holding, while Class A shares are up 2.58%. That's just two months, so if the pattern continues, you're talking about a huge difference over a longer time frame.

Sure, if that pattern continues over the next two years, Class C shares will have underperformed by some massive amount like ~20% and if it would continue in a linear fashion the underperformance would be even greater. However, it does not make any sense for the relative discount to widen in a linear fashion. The paper by Aswath Damodaran called Value of Control is a great read to understand the mechanics behind the value of voting vs non-voting shares. Damodaran describes the mechanics as follows:

The market price for every publicly traded firm should incorporate an expected value of control, as a function of the value of control and the probability of control changing. Market value = Status quo value + (Optimal value - Status quo value)* Probability of management changing

Damodaran shows that there should be a gap between the voting and non-voting shares. However the mechanics clearly do not support an ever widening gap. The gap is mostly dependent on the probability of management changing and the quality of management. The worse Google is managed, the more a change in control will benefit shareholders and thus a change would be more valuable, resulting in a wider gap.

As long as insiders are selling their B shares, it appears as if the probability of a management change is increasing. However, insiders know what they are doing. With the share structure set up specifically to keep control in the hands of Page, Brin and Schmidt there is very little chance they are now going to sell off shares until an involuntary management change becomes a realistic option. I believe they will not sell down so far control can be wrested away from them, realistically speaking.

You could argue management quality is subpar and this is driving the widening of the gap between the price of the Class A shares and the Class C shares. In my opinion Google is being managed just fine but I can understand someone arguing it is not. However, it is unlikely management quality is going to deteriorate. It is far more reasonable to assume that it will remain stable or nearly stable. The gap between the shares should stabilize around a certain discount and not continue to widen in a linear fashion.

In my opinion the discount is not even really warranted in the first place because the B shares have so much voting power, the A shares might as well be non-voting. To quote Damodaran:

a. The difference between voting and non-voting shares should go to zero if there is no chance of changing management/control. If there are relatively few voting shares, held entirely by insiders, the probability of management change may very well be close to zero and voting shares should trade at the same price as non-voting shares.

It is fair to conclude that a discount on the basis of the likelihood of a change in control is not warranted and the discount is definitely not likely to increase very much.

Maurer argues that the fact that class B shares getting converted into A shares is a form of dilution confirming his thesis:

Just in the past year, Class A shares have increased by 6.641 million, or about 2.36%. On the other hand, Class C shares have increased by 4.421 million, or 1.31%. This is important because despite this extra dilution, investors have shown that they are willing to pay for the voting rights of Class A, and that premium has increased substantially.

In an economic sense no one gets diluted by the conversion of B shares to A shares, although everyone gets diluted by issuing shares to employees. In a control sense, the conversion of B shares to A shares actually increases the amount of power that lies within an A share. For example at 12/31/2013 there were 279.325 A shares outstanding and 56.507 B shares outstanding. At that point class A shares represent 33% of votes and class B shares represent 67% of votes. Fast forward to 3/31/2015 with respectively 288.198 class A shares and 52.480 class B shares, class A shares represent 35.5% of votes and class B shares represent 64.5% of votes. Although, class A shares have gone up in number, their share of the voting power has increased instead of being diluted.

Ultimately Maurer concludes:

For those looking for an arbitrage situation, the trade is to be long Class A and short Class C. For those wanting to hold Google, you should be owning only Class A at this point. Otherwise, you are throwing away money.

I chose to do the exact opposite. There is no arbitrage; due to the time value of money you will get killed playing that game while waiting for the control situation to change materially. For most people, except the Bill Ackmans or Carl Icahns of this world, it makes very little sense to buy the Class A shares. You are throwing away money by paying up for these. Buy the Class C shares at a discount and you will be laughing all the way to the bank if and when Google instates a dividend or buys back stock. A much more likely event than a change in control.

Maurer believes buying back Class C stock is one of the few ways for Google to close the gap. Well, if the company would buy back stock, the only right way to do it would be by buying Class C stock. The economic value of both share classes is the same and overall shareholder value would increase more when the company buys back Class C stock. Buying back Class A stock is very hard to justify when these trade at a material premium. It would only serve insiders, which would be kind of evil.

Disclosure: The author is long GOOGL.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Google, Inc. Stock Looks Undervalued: Time to Buy? Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has delivered uninspiring returns for investors lately. Shares of the online search giant are down by nearly 2% over the last 12 months, even while the Nasdaq index rose by 18%.

Most of this weakness seems to derive from declining cost-per-click numbers, meaning Google's ad prices, over the last several quarters. That included a 7% year-over-year dip in the first quarter of 2015. This is creating some concern among investors.

Google is also investing large amounts of money in growth, which is affecting its profit margin. Meanwhile, social media players such as Facebook and Twitter are delivering rapid growth in online advertising, albeit from a much smaller revenue base than Google, and many investors seem worried about the rising competitive threat from new industry participants.

A fundamentally healthy business

From a fundamental point of view, Google is a remarkably solid business with plenty of room for growth. The company is the undisputed king in search, and it owns a massive ecosystem of services and applications that should secure Google's competitive position in online advertising for years to come.

In spite of declining ad prices, Google's overall financial performance is quite strong. Constant currency sales grew 17% year over year last quarter, and Google has a healthy operating profit margin in the neighborhood of 25% of revenue. The business also produces tons of cash flow on a consistent basis, and it has a pristine balance sheet with more cash and liquid investments than debt.

According to PricewaterhouseCoopers, the U.S. online advertising market produced $49.45 billion in revenue during 2014. The figure is expected to grow to $83.89 billion in 2019, and Google will most likely be a major beneficiary from this growth. Even better, international markets are still relatively underpenetrated, and they should be powerful growth drivers for decades to come.

The future looks good

The decline in ad prices is mostly due to expanding participation from mobile and YouTube ads in the overall revenue mix. While ads in these channels sell for lower prices than traditional desktop search ads, they also offer enormous potential for growth.

Both mobile and YouTube are relatively young opportunities, and Google has plenty of room to improve these segments and drive better results for advertisers (and thus more pricing power for itself). For example, Google is experimenting with a "buy" button on its mobile product search pages to produce more transactions and create additional value for advertisers.

Also, the company is investing in several disruptive technologies with enormous long-term potential but little visibility in the short term. These include initiatives such as self-driving cars and glucose-sensing contact lenses for diabetes treatment, among countless others.

Many of these projects will probably have little commercial viability, but some could succeed, and they could open the door to unimaginable economic and technological possibilities. At the very least, it's good to know that Google remains bold and aggressive when it comes to research and innovation.

In the words of Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt:

Most companies ultimately fail because they do one thing very well but they don't think of the next thing, they don't broaden their mission, they don't challenge themselves, and they don't continually build on that platform in one way or another. They become incrementalists. And Google is very committed to not doing that. We understand that technological change is essentially revolutionary, not evolutionary.

Google is undervalued

Google stock trades at a forward P/E ratio in the neighborhood of 17 times projected earnings for 2016. This is in line with the average valuation for companies in the S&P 500 index, and it seems like an attractive entry point for one of the most powerful growth companies in the world.

Even if growth slows in coming years, Google will probably do much better than the average company in the index. It can comfortably justify an above-average valuation on the back of its leadership position in the highly profitable online advertising business.

In a more optimistic scenario, perhaps Google could sustain higher than expected growth for longer than most investors anticipate. This could be because of sustained growth in online advertising, new growth opportunities in different areas, or a combination of both. If this happens, Google stock could deliver outstanding returns for investors over years to come. Apple Watch challenges developers to make games that take seconds NEW YORK When Maximo Cavazzani, creator of the popular mobile game Trivia Crack, learned about Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) plan for a new smart watch, it seemed like a logical step to adapt his game for the new product. But the little watch had some big limitations.

The tiny screen and compact processor required simpler animation, which meant scaling back the game's trademark trivia wheel. And some things, such as pop-up ads that help make phone apps profitable, weren't possible when designing for the watch.

Designers, including Cavazzani, are generally optimistic about the possibilities of the new watch, the first product developed under Chief Executive Tim Cook, but many are finding that designing for tiny screens requires a new approach.

Just as the development of apps has been crucial to the success of Apple's iPads and iPhones, the Apple Watch's popularity, and ultimately its sales, will depend in large part upon the apps outside developers come up with to expand its usefulness.

"You can do some cool stuff, but of course it has limitations," Cavazzani said, and making money "is a little bit complicated if it's not a paid app - there's no way of putting ads and no way to do in-app purchases."

Apple has touted health and fitness tracking, communication and style as the chief reasons to buy its wearable, but games are some of the most lucrative apps on the iPhone.

Of the more than 5,600 apps created for the timepiece so far, about 10 percent are games, compared with 20 percent of iOS apps overall, according to App Annie, a mobile analytics firm.

Pioneers are looking for ways to promote very short bursts of play. Some games keep progressing without the wearer, for instance.

"Most people are super skeptical," said Tero Kuittinen, a managing director of Frank N. Magid Associates who consults with app developers. "You have to rethink every assumption you have" about keeping players engaged.

Apple is planning more flexibility, as well. At its Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco next week it will show off a bigger tool kit for developers to help create apps that capitalize on the watch's array of components.

Jeff Williams, Apple's senior vice president of operations, said at a recent conference that the first batch of apps built with the new tools will likely arrive in the fall. Developers say they expect to be able to create apps that are quicker and richer with the new tools.

Other changes may also come. The Watch is not technically incapable of carrying ads, for instance, but many major ad networks do not support the watch yet.

Major players are trying Apple Watch: game titan Electronic Arts (EA.O) is developing apps for two popular games for the time piece, Real Racing 3 and FIFA 15 Ultimate Team.

"It turns out you can do a lot of fun things on a small screen," said Matt Bromberg, an executive at Electronic Arts. Rival game maker Zynga (ZNGA.O) has yet to release any Apple Watch apps, though. It declined to comment.

SIMPLICITY

Most developers agree simplicity is a virtue for games to be played on gadgets with screen sizes measuring 38 or 42 millimeters.

The developers of Runeblade, a fantasy game developed for the watch, achieved that by freeing users up from the job of actually playing the game: Players make key decisions in a war against corrupt gods and monsters, and then the game keeps running as they move on to other tasks. The game challenges players to stop ancient gods who have returned to wreak havoc.

In the time it takes to wait out a red light, players can cast spells to propel them forward in the game. Though players typically drop into the fantasy world for just five to 15 seconds, some are returning as much as 100 times a day, said Aki J rvilehto, CEO of Everywear Games, the Finnish studio behind Runeblade.

The Apple Watch is always "a glance away," he said. "We are thinking it's the game platform of 2015."

(Editing By Peter Henderson and Alan Crosby) Barclays settles lawsuit over 2008 Lehman brokerage purchase A Barclays sign is seen on the exterior of the Barclays U.S. Corporate headquarters in the Manhattan borough of New York City, May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar

NEW YORK Barclays Plc (BARC.L) on Friday settled a long-running lawsuit by the trustee liquidating Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc's brokerage unit, which arose from the bank's purchase of much of that unit at the height of the 2008 global financial crisis.

The trustee James Giddens said the unit, Lehman Brothers Inc, will pay Barclays about $1.28 billion, largely representing the value of margin assets not previously paid to the British bank, plus interest.

As a result, Barclays said it will have recouped all but $80 million still in dispute, plus $255 million tied to derivative investments that it expects to receive from third parties.

Barclays expects to record a roughly $750 million pre-tax gain when it next reports financial results on July 29.

The settlement would end six years of litigation by Giddens to recoup various assets he said totaled more than $7.6 billion.

It followed the U.S. Supreme Court's refusal on May 4 to hear his appeal of a lower court decision that upheld Barclays' claim to $4 billion of disputed assets.

The settlement requires approval by U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Shelley Chapman in Manhattan. She oversees the liquidations of the brokerage and its former parent, which had been Wall Street's fourth-largest investment bank.

Barclays won bankruptcy court approval to buy much of the brokerage unit on Sept. 19, 2008, four days after the parent filed for Chapter 11 protection from creditors.

Giddens said the settlement would free up $581 million he has held in reserve, plus $36 million held by the U.S. Depository Trust & Clearing Corp, for distribution to creditors.

Roughly 111,000 former customers of the Lehman brokerage have already been paid more than $106 billion, and senior creditors have also been paid in full. Unsecured creditors have recouped $5.9 billion, or 27 percent of what they are owed.

"It has always been our duty to prudently and diligently pursue every avenue of recovery for assets we believe belong to the estate," and the settlement "achieves the best result under the circumstances," Giddens said in a statement.

Giddens chairs the bankruptcy practice at the law firm Hughes, Hubbard & Reed.

Lehman had $639 billion of assets when it filed Chapter 11. Its bankruptcy remains by far the biggest in U.S. history.

The case is In re: Lehman Brothers Inc, U.S. Bankruptcy Court, Southern District of New York, No. 08-ap-01420.

(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Chris Reese) Why iOS Is More Valuable to Google Inc. Than Android When Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) bought Android 10 years ago for $50 million, no one would have predicted how valuable the mobile-software company would become. Last year, more than 1 billion Android devices were sold around the world. The operating system dominates the mobile-device market with Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), coming in second place with just a 15% share of the market, compared with Android's 80% share.

But for the company behind Android, which relies heavily on advertisements to generate revenue, that relatively small percentage share held by Apple is vastly more important to the company than its own operating system. A recent analysis by Goldman Sachs estimates that 75% of Google's mobile search revenue comes from iPhone and iPad users. A New York Times article from late May says iOS users tend to be wealthier and spend much more time on their phones.

Spending more time on mobile and less time on desktops

Apple's importance to Google will only continue to grow stronger as more ad dollars shift to mobile, and the amount of time spent on desktops and laptops declines. Since peaking in 2011, the average amount of time spent by U.S. adults on desktop and laptop computers has declined by 8%. During the same period, time spent on mobile devices has increased 250%.

As these trends continue to take hold, Google stands to lose out on more valuable ad impressions from desktop Web searchers. Additionally, search volume on mobile devices -- for Google, at least -- falls behind that on desktops because of the majority of time spent in apps instead of the Web browser.

The proliferation of Android as a low-cost and well-supported operating system ensures that Google will remain central to the Internet experience for most, even as people spend more time on their mobile devices compared with desktops. However, aside from the $3 billion it took home in Google Play app-store commissions last year, the company is having a hard time monetizing Android users.

It's been well-documented that iPhone and iPad users spend more time and money on their mobile devices, which inherently makes them more valuable for advertisers looking to promote their products. Losing search volume from iOS users would have a negative impact on the average price Google could charge for mobile search ads.

Google could get lost on Safari

Apple's cross-device Web browser currently uses Google as its default search engine. Google pays Apple an estimated $1 billion to $2 billion a year for that privilege, but the current contract between the two companies is reportedly coming to a close soon. Many expect Apple to sign a similar contract with a different search provider, or even introduce a search engine of its own similar to the strategic move it made releasing Apple Maps.

The loss of the Apple contract would strike a big blow to Google. The Goldman Sachs analysis expects just 50% of iOS users to switch back to Google from whatever new default Apple would introduce. That's in line with other analysts' expectations as well.

That means Google would lose approximately half of its search ad revenue but save on the traffic acquisition costs associated with being the default search engine. All said, Google could expect to lose out on about $3 billion in high-margin net revenue if Apple dropped it as the default search engine for iOS. That number would only climb as more ad dollars shift to mobile. For reference, Google generated $66 billion in revenue last year.

The default search engine contract also includes Apple's Safari for OS X, which accounts for about 7% of the global market and 13% of the more valuable U.S. market. OS X also continues to gain share as Mac sales grow in a shrinking market. As a result, if Apple switches its default search engine, it would impact Google's desktop ad business as well.

The biggest problem for Google is that the ability to keep its contract with Apple is largely out of its control. Apple holds all of the leverage in the relationship, and with several other potential partners, Google will have to outshine and outbid all of them. Google Gets Grief: Should They Pay a Dividend? Gadgets With Gurman 90 Second Recap: Galaxy S8

42:30 - This week on Gadgets with Gurman, Mark got his hands on Samsung's Galaxy S8, which goes on sale on April 21st. In case you missed the live show this recap will walk you through the phones' top features. Watch Gadgets with Gurman every Wednesday on Bloomberg.com, Facebook and Twitter. (Source: Bloomberg) 
2015-01-28
iPhone sales trample expectations as profit sets global record An iPhone 6 phone is seen on display at the Fifth Avenue Apple store on the first day of sales in Manhattan, New York September 19, 2014. REUTERS/Adrees Latif

Apple CEO Tim Cook looks at a new IMac after a presentation at Apple headquarters in Cupertino, California October 16, 2014. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith

Apple Inc (AAPL.O) quarterly results smashed Wall Street expectations with record sales of big-screen iPhones in the holiday shopping season and a 70 percent rise in China sales, powering the company to the largest profit in corporate history.

The company sold 74.5 million iPhones in its fiscal first quarter ended Dec. 27, while many analysts had expected fewer than 70 million. Revenue rose to $74.6 billion from $57.6 billion a year earlier.

Profit of $18 billion was the biggest ever reported by a public company, worldwide, according to S&P analyst Howard Silverblatt. Apple's cash pile is now $178 billion, enough to buy IBM (IBM.N) or the equivalent to $556 for every American.

Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said the Cupertino, California-based company would release its next product, the Apple Watch, in April.

Shares rose about 5 percent to $114.90 in after-hours trade.

Daniel Morgan, senior portfolio manager at Apple-shareholder Synovus Trust Company in Atlanta, Georgia, said that the report was a good sign in a quarter where big tech companies such as IBM and Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O) have disappointed.

Apple Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri told Reuters in an interview that the company did not sell more iPhones in China than the United States, despite some earlier predictions by research analysts.

But the big-screen iPhone 6 and 6 plus drove revenues in China were up 70 percent in the quarter from a year earlier. The company's success in the competitive Chinese market can be attributed to its partnership with China Mobile Ltd (0941.HK), the largest global mobile carrier, and the appeal of the larger screen size of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Maestri said he does not expect Apple to struggle because of China's slipping economic growth. "We haven't seen a slowdown," he added.

Maestri also said the company doubled iPhone sales in Singapore and Brazil.

Apple will reach 40 company stores in greater China by mid-2016, Maestri told analysts on a conference call.

Carolina Milanesi, an analyst with Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, also lauded a 14 percent rise in unit sales of Apple Macintosh computers and sales of older iPhone models.

Apple was well positioned for the current quarter in China, she added, which will include the Chinese New Year holiday and reflect Apple's attempts to sell through new channels.

Apple reported net profit of $18.02 billion, or $3.06 per diluted share, compared with $13.07 billion, or $2.07 per share, a year earlier. That topped expectations of $2.60 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Analysts had expected revenue of $67.69 billion.

Maestri said that Apple faced "a clear headwind" from the strong dollar but that it had included the challenge in its forecasts. Apple predicted revenue of $52 billion to $55 billion in its fiscal second quarter, compared with Wall Street's average target of $53.79 billion.

Cook said that the company's new mobile payment service, Apple Pay, which lets customer buy products from select merchants with their phones, was in its "first inning" and the company would consider adding new features as it looked at expanding outside the United States.

(Reporting by Christina Farr in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru and Caroline Valetkevitch in New York; Editing by Peter Henderson, Ted Kerr and Lisa Shumaker) 3 of Facebook Inc.'s Biggest Risks for Investors Investors who bought Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) early and held onto their shares can feel very good about that decision. Ground-floor shareholders may have endured a roughly year-long rough patch following the company's 2012 IPO, but the social network's valuation made major gains after delivering blockbuster quarterly results in July 2013. Subsequent pricing gains have far outstripped the dips, and shares currently trade roughly 103% higher than their market debut, while the S&P 500 has gained roughly 59% over the same period.

Things seem to be going quite well for Facebook and the company's investors. Shares have been roughly flat over the last six months, but they trade near lifetime highs. Mobile business is booming, and the company's core product looks as strong as ever, with 1.35 billion monthly active users as of October 2014. Even so, there are still threats to the company that are worthy of consideration. Before Facebook gives its latest earnings report Wednesday, let's look at three of the biggest risks for Facebook investors.

Facebook's ad revenue growth could falter

Whether Facebook can leverage its massive user base to maintain and grow an ad network that justifies the company's valuation has been one of the biggest question marks for shareholders and prospective investors. Advertising accounted for 89% of Facebook's revenue in fiscal 2013, and roughly 92% of revenue in its last reported fiscal quarter. The company's third-quarter ad revenue was up roughly 64% year over year.

While the company's advertising model seems to be delivering great results, there are still reasons for a more cautious assessment. Mobile advertising is booming, and accounts for roughly two-thirds of Facebook's revenue, but sales conversion for traditional products from mobile ads remains low compared to desktop alternatives, and it's unclear whether there will be significant improvement on this front.

On the other hand, app install ads have proven to be effective, but the company has chosen not to give a breakdown on how much revenue this segment brings in. This coyness deserves investors' attention. Facebook has to contend with mounting competition from Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) in the app install arena, and the market isn't that big to begin with. Google is an especially large threat in this domain, as its control of the Android platform allows it to collect user engagement data that trumps what Facebook can provide. Similarly, Apple's ownership of iOS could make it a formidable competitor for install ads.

Facebook could be disrupted by competing social networks

Social networks are a relatively new phenomena, but there's at least one notable cautionary tale that has surely crossed the minds of most Facebook investors. MySpace was once the biggest player in the social media scene, boasting somewhere in the neighborhood of 75 million users at peak popularity, but the site has since been reduced to something of a cultural punch line.

Facebook has obviously dwarfed its ill-fated predecessor in terms of user base and monetization, and the strength of the company's network is undeniably leagues beyond that of MySpace at its healthiest point, but the possibility still exists that Facebook will be weakened or displaced by competition. Google+ saw a small increase in third-quarter 2014 user log-ins, while Facebook's log-ins have eroded slightly, though the interconnected nature of Google's online platform likely lessens the usefulness of that indicator. What is clear, however, is that Facebook has been losing teenage users to Twitter and messaging services like SnapChat. The migration of young users signals the possibility that Facebook's network effect will weaken.

Facebook has issued a lot of stock to fund its acquisitions

The possibility that Facebook's core product will be displaced creates a need for diversification, but the company hasn't done a great job of building its own new products. Apps like Camera and Paper have fallen flat, so the company's most important efforts to broaden its base have come by way of acquisition. Of the $22 billion Facebook paid to acquire messaging service WhatsApp, roughly $18 billion was paid in stock. The company's $2 billion acquisition of virtual reality company Oculus VR was also funded mostly with stock, and Facebook has increased its total shares outstanding by 30.39% since its IPO.

Facebook's use of stock for acquisitions heightens the possibility of big sell-offs. The stock used in the WhatsApp and Oculus acquisitions alone accounts for a significant portion of Facebook's $216 billion market cap, and there's reason to believe that additional dilution will occur. Facebook needs to stay at the forefront of the social Internet, and its purchasing spree is likely to continue. Sony to cut 1000 jobs in smartphone business: sources Sony Corp's logo is seen at an electronics store in Tokyo November 15, 2012. REUTERS/Toru Hanai

A logo of Sony Corp is pictured atop the company headquarters in Tokyo April 12, 2012. REUTERS/Yuriko Nakao

TOKYO Sony Corp plans to cut around 1,000 additional jobs in its struggling smartphone division as it tries to bring its electronics business back into the black, sources said on Wednesday.

Sony, which has cut its earnings forecasts six times on Hirai's watch, has forecast a 230 billion yen ($1.95 billion) net loss for the business year to March, suspending dividend payments for the first time amid weakness in smartphones.

The cuts would be in addition to the 1,000 jobs Sony already said it would eliminate in its mobile unit, the sources said.

The Nikkei business daily earlier reported that such job cuts would mostly come from Europe and China. The cuts will be announced when Sony reports its latest business results on Feb 4, the report said. (s.nikkei.com/1zUK9H1)

That would mean Sony's mobile division workforce will shrink by about 30 percent to 5,000 by the end of the fiscal year ending March 2016.

The company has struggled to gain market share in high-end smartphones, lagging far behind Apple Inc and

Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.

A spokeswoman declined to comment beyond reiterating the company's plans to announce a new, medium-term business plan including restructuring by the end of the fiscal year ending in March.

($1 = 118.1700 yen)

(Reporting by Reiji Murai and Ritsuko Ando; Additional reporting By Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru; Editing by Ted Kerr and Stephen Coates) 
2015-02-23
Can Vessel Kill YouTube?  Google Buys Softcard's Technology, Gets Deal With US Carriers Google Inc. has acquired technology and patents from Softcard, a mobile-wallet service backed by the three-biggest U.S. wireless providers, as the Web company takes on Apple Inc. to offer more payment features on smartphones.

AT&T Inc., Verizon Communications Inc. and T-Mobile US Inc. will work with Google to pre-install the Google Wallet application on newer Android phones, the Mountain View, California-based company said in a blog post Monday. As part of the deal, Google is acquiring assets from Softcard to improve its payments service.

Google, which introduced its digital wallet in 2011, is looking for new ways to attract users as Apple s mobile-payments service gains ground with consumers and retailers. Apple Pay already accounts for more than $2 out of $3 of purchases using contactless mobile-phone payments across the three major credit-card networks, Apple said last month.

 We ve received great feedback from people who use this feature and we ve continued investing to make it easy and secure for more people to pay with their phones,  Google said.  A big part of this is working with other innovators in the industry to help provide a seamless experience across a wide range of phones and stores. 

The new Google-Softcard service is set to roll out later this year, the companies said. Softcard said customers can keep using the tap-and-pay option with the application.

While Apple Pay has gained ground, EBay Inc. s PayPal payments service remains a top provider for mobile and Internet payments. In November, Apple Pay accounted for 1 percent of digital-payment dollars spent, according to ITG Investment Research. PayPal, which has been around for 17 years and is being spun off by EBay, had 78 percent, while Google Wallet had 4 percent.

The partnership follows Samsung Electronics Co. s announcement this month of a deal to buy LoopPay Inc. to gain a bigger toehold in mobile payments. LoopPay makes smartphone accessories that let 90 percent of credit-card payment devices accept mobile payments, Samsung said. Japan carrier NTT DoCoMo says probing reported SIM hack A woman uses a mobile phone under the logo of Japan's biggest mobile phone operator NTT DoCoMo Inc. at its shop in Tokyo February 17, 2015. REUTERS/Issei Kato

TOKYO Japan's biggest mobile phone service provider NTT DoCoMo Inc said it is investigating whether its customers were affected by a reported hack of a key mobile phone component supplied by Gemalto NV.

News website The Intercept reported on Friday that the U.S. National Security Agency and Britain's Government Communications Headquarters hacked into Gemalto's systems to steal encryption keys that could unlock security settings on billions of mobile phones.

The website cited documents provided by American whistleblower Edward Snowden as the basis for its report.

The Japanese company began using SIM cards produced by Gemalto in 2001, DoCoMo spokesman Takashi Itou said in an email in response to questions from Reuters. He declined to say what share of DoCoMo mobile phones use SIM cards supplied by the Franco-Dutch supplier.

"We will consider any necessary steps based on the results of our investigation," Itou said.

Gemalto said it was conducting its own investigation of the reported hack by American and British spies that it would announce on Wednesday.

The SIM, short for subscriber identity module, is a chip that acts as an electronic ID for the mobile phone and makes it identifiable to the mobile network operator.

Gemalto competes with several European and Chinese SIM card suppliers. It produces around 2 billion SIM cards a year and counts Verizon, AT&T Inc and Vodafone among its customers.

(Reporting by Teppei Kasai, editing by Louise Heavens) Greenwoods finds value in China's alphabet soup of market listings Greenwoods Asset Management s decisive move into China s A-shares market last year accounted for half of the 30% gain racked up by the Shanghai-based firm s flagship US$1.4 billion long/short fund in 2014, said Joseph Zeng, a Greenwoods partner and head of the firm s Hong Kong office.

On the back of an explosive A-shares market rally in November and December, that move   from late 2013, after valuations had plunged to as much as half those of China s Hong Kong-listed H-shares   lifted the Golden China Fund s net long exposure to companies traded on the mainland to 51%, from 8% two years before, Mr. Zeng said.

That shift is just the latest example of a value investment discipline   exercised across a complex, alphabet soup of China stock market listings   that helped transform Greenwoods from a one-man operation 15 years ago to an institutional quality money manager with US$5 billion in assets under management, Mr. Zeng said.

The man in question, Greenwoods founder and CEO George Jiang, started investing for friends and family in 2000, fresh from more than a year studying investments and real assets at a non-degree program at the University of California at Los Angeles.

Before UCLA, the 48-year-old Mr. Jiang completed three years of study at a graduate school run by China s central bank, worked four years as a regulator on the Shenzhen stock exchange and two years managing A-shares portfolios as head of asset management with Guosen Securities Co., a leading Chinese brokerage firm based in Shenzhen, Mr. Zeng said.

As he moved to put the fundamental investment tenets he learned at UCLA to work, Mr. Jiang s decision to avoid a buoyant, overvalued A-shares market in favor of B-shares   listed in Shanghai and Shenzhen but open only to foreign investors and traded in U.S. and Hong Kong dollars   and H-shares quickly paid off when China s regulators decided in early 2001 to let domestic investors buy B-shares as well, sparking a strong rally, Mr. Zeng said.

Mr. Jiang made further gains piling into Hong Kong-listed H-shares in early 2003, when the outbreak of the deadly SARS virus prompted a brief but steep selloff. Helped by the market s recovery near the end of that year, Mr. Jiang found he had racked up a 700% gain over the three years through 2003, Mr. Zeng said.

The following year, Mr. Jiang launched Greenwoods   and its Golden China long/short fund   to manage money for third-party investors.

A decade later, Greenwoods has roughly $5 billion in assets under management, with two-thirds coming from offshore institutional investors and one-third from investors in China.

The firm counts a number of heavyweight institutional investors among its clients, said Mr. Zeng, who declined to name them. The US$893 billion Norges Bank Investment Management, Oslo, and the C$219 billion (US$175 billion) Canada Public Pension Investment Board, Toronto, list Greenwoods among their external managers. Spokesmen at Norges and CPPIB declined to provide further details.

Analysts note that China s retail-dominated, momentum-driven market has not been the perfect petri dish for spawning institutional-quality managers. A relatively small number of Chinese-based managers has managed to attract offshore institutional investment, even as most continue to lag their Hong Kong-based peers in terms of institutional best practices, said Richard Johnston, Hong Kong-based managing director of alternatives investment consultant Albourne Partners (Asia) Ltd.

Still, with offshore asset owners likely to boost allocations to the mainland going forward, the potential is there for  people who build the right business (to) do very well,  Mr. Johnston predicted.

Mr. Zeng contends that Greenwoods is the real deal. With its 20 analysts, many of them industry veterans of the sectors they cover, and its focus on fundamental research,  our strength is stock picking   based on due diligence and local insights, not momentum trading,  he said.

The firm, with its extensive operations, risk management and compliance team,  has been very institutionalized and professional,  he said.

Some industry observers agree.  These guys (at Greenwoods) are not only smart and good (at what they do), but they ve institutionalized,  said Peter Alexander, managing director of Z-Ben Advisors, a Shanghai-based consulting firm on financial industry business opportunities in China. In terms of compliance, they might not be where top global hedge funds are but  they re not cutting corners. It s just a different way of doing things,  Mr. Alexander said.

Others, while conceding Greenwoods  investment returns are attractive, say the firm doesn t readily provide the flow of information they require as part of a typical relationship with a manager.

Mr. Zeng concedes Greenwoods doesn t do  active marketing.   We re not crazy about marketing; we re crazy about performance,  he said, adding  performance is the best marketing. 

Some analysts, meanwhile, point to the heavy beta exposure of Greenwood s long/short funds as a counterargument to the view that stock picking is powering the firm s returns.

At the end of 2014, the Golden China Fund s hefty long position in A-shares left the fund with a  long bias  of 83%, well above the 20% to 70% range it had maintained for the prior three years, Mr. Zeng said. He said that simply reflected the fact that Greenwood s investment team was finding more opportunities to go long than to go short in China s market.

Mr. Zeng said stock picking remains Greenwood s strength at a time when China s economy is undergoing a slowdown, prompting offshore investors in particular to avoid the market or even short Chinese stocks.

He said his firm believes it can take advantage of a  lousy macro, rosy micro  environment, identifying companies that can deliver  defensive growth    such as Beijing-based hydroelectric power company SDIC Power Holdings Co. Ltd.

With the Chinese government s push to promote clean energy amid the country s devastating pollution problems, a company such as SDIC can thrive even if China s economy continues to come off the boil as expected, Mr. Zeng said.

SDIC was added in June to the China Alpha Fund that Greenwoods launched in 2010 as a high conviction,  best ideas  long/short fund with fewer restrictions on concentration and liquidity, Mr. Zeng said. With the stock price doubling over the last half of 2014, SDIC accounted for roughly 15% of the fund at the end of the year, he said.

Since 2012, investors in that fund, which ended 2014 with AUM of roughly US$600 million, have been able to choose between two options: a long/short fund invested in only publicly listed equities and a fund with a  private equity side pocket,  that can amount to up to 50% of the fund s assets.

With private equity deals being done in China recently at high valuations, Greenwood s value discipline has left the China Alpha Fund with only minor side pocket allocations. Even so,  we want to have this capability,  Mr. Zeng said. 
2015-06-16
How Under Armour Inc Plans to Change Healthcare Under Armour (NYSE:UAA) is making waves in the fitness technology industry -- not so much for what it has already accomplished but rather for what the company and industry analysts see as the growing potential of connected health to transform our lives.

In fact, CEO Kevin Plank believes connected apparel and digital fitness tools could have benefits far beyond just improved athletic performance. They could also be the beginnings of a new vision for healthcare.

Only the beginning

With its recent acquisitions, a push into smart apparel, and a new digital headquarters in Austin, Texas, Under Armour is quickly resembling a technology company. The athletic-apparel maker has purchased three major connected fitness apps, and in January, released its own Record fitness app.

Under Armour has also teamed up with HTC to make a hardware fitness-tracking device, similar to those from Fitbit and Jawbone, scheduled for release later this year. While these initiatives have been a great start for the company, they are only the beginning of what could be a widely distributed and analyzed total health account for users.

How Under Armour could change healthcare

Plank has attributed his commitment to the connected fitness industry to the 2011 death of his friend and co-worker, Bill Hampton, who suffered a heart attack while driving in front of Plank on a Los Angeles highway. Plank says the incident demonstrates why everyone should be closely monitoring their health and illustrates the implications fitness tracking could have on the epidemic of heart disease and other conditions.

"The world cannot continue to build larger healthcare systems where you just sit around and wait for people to get sick," Plank said last year.

Right now, Under Armour seems to be focusing its efforts on building the communities and infrastructure necessary to link the various pieces off this connected fitness landscape. Its purchase of mobile health apps MapMyFitness, MyFitnessPal, and Endomondo, along with the release of Record earlier this year, has created a platform of more 130 million users to connect their health to their digital lives.

At one time, Under Armour was making a shirt that could monitor heart rates, though the complexity of the manufacturing has since led to them halt production. However, the potential for connected clothing is there and a major focus for Plank, "If we believe that our future is going to be defined by these hard pieces of glass or plastic that sit in our back pockets, you're crazy. It is going to convert into apparel."

How those shoes and shirts monitor biometrics, plus the whole infrastructure of devices, platforms, and other technology to support that data could ultimately change the way we think about healthcare.

These exciting possibilities include fitness trackers that would enable doctors to have greater access to patient health information, insurance companies with significant data at their disposal to optimize coverage and reduce costs, and more. It will be interesting to see what shape this connected fitness platform ultimately takes.



Is there a market for this?

According to PricewaterhouseCoopers, one in five Americans now owns a wearable monitoring device. The same survey found that 50% of the 1,000 Americans polled said they were likely to buy some sort of wearable fitness tracking device within the next year.

Under Armour is by no means the only company competing in this space. The newly released Apple Watch has a health-tracking and heart rate-monitoring feature. Google recently released its own connected health platform called Google Fit, and Fitbit and other hardware companies continue to release new devices for users to monitor their health. On the software side, there are about 50,000 smartphone apps related to health or fitness tracking. Can Under Armour stand out in this crowded race?

Under Armour has one major advantage in that it is already a premier apparel retailer, with experience designing and selling "smart" clothing that its competitors lack. Nike might be its biggest obstacle in leading this market, though its own tech push has been stagnant after it dropped its FuelBand last year, and nothing particularly exciting has ever become of its own fitness-tracking app Nike+.

While fitness-tracking wristbands seem to be the popular play right now, the future of this space could be in shirts that track biometrics, connected shoes, and so much more that could have implications far beyond just fitness tracking. Under Armour is pushing to define and lead this space -- an amazing opportunity for long-term growth far beyond typical sports apparel. 
2015-09-20
Google Fortune Site Is Fake: 5 Fast Facts You Need to Know  
2015-09-25
Google Inc (GOOG) Price Target Upped Again For Alphabet Google s announcement that it was forming a new parent company called Alphabet Holdings has triggered several price target increases, including a new one from Citi just this week. The main benefit of the creation of that company is that it should provide more transparency into Google s finances. The other benefit is that it will separate the money-making machine that is Google s digital ad business from the money-pit that includes the company s more experimental inventions.

Google price target to $781

In a report dated Sept. 24, analyst Mark May said he increased his price target for Google from $730 to $781 per share. He maintained his Buy rating on the stock. Google shares have appreciated meaningfully since the announcement about Alphabet. May created this diagram to help investors picture what the new company will look like:

Google is expected to start reporting under the new structure starting with its January report.

Core Google versus Moonshots

Google calls its inventive division Moonshots, as many of the products being worked on in the segment probably won t ever land on the consumer market. May analyzed Google s two main parts, which include the Moonshot division and the Core advertising division.

He said the company spends about $4.5 billion on its Moonshots per year, and he thinks consensus estimates for the 2016 calendar year and beyond seem to reflect this estimate.

He estimates Core EBITDA margins at about 55%, compared to the 50% Google reported in the second quarter. He used a sum-of-the-parts methodology, which doesn t give much value to the Moonshots division:

These estimates assign a value to Google as a whole as $781 per share.

Breaking down Google s non-Moonshots expenses

The problem some investors have with Google is how much the company spends on its Moonshots projects and how little revenue it receives in return. In order to figure out how much the company spends on Moonshots, May estimated the non-Moonshot expenses. He used 2009 numbers because that was the last year when advertising revenue made up the vast majority of Google s overall revenue:

For Google Play, the analyst says GAAP revenue is net of the 70% revenue sharing from gross bookings it pays to developers, but that s before the revenue share paid to wireless carriers. He believes Google is in in talks with developers for better revenue sharing agreements, which should increase profitability in the segment.

In licensing, he s assuming a slight decline in licensing operating margins since 2009 as Google has probably seen a higher mix of licensing revenue for enterprise apps, which he thinks bring lower margins.

He believes Google s hardware division operates at breakeven level or higher because management has talked in the past about the need to make the segment self-supporting rather than dragging on profitability from the rest of the business.

In addition to the Moonshot projects, Google has been heavily investing in its Cloud Platform, which the analyst seems to think is the biggest wild card in his estimates. He believes it to be  modestly profitable,  although he assigns a  significant margin discount  compared to Amazon Web Services because of the differences in size and operating leverage.

Estimating Moonshots expenses

After backing out these expenses, he estimates that Google s expenses on its Moonshots projects has a compound annual growth rate of about 48% over three years. He thinks operating expenditures for the segment will fall year over year this year, noting that management has talked more about cost controls and that they have started to rationalize products like Google Glass.

With all these expenses, May believes Google s Moonshots segment will drag on the company s overall EBITDA this year by $3.3 billion:

As of this writing, Class A shares of Google were down 0.09% at $654.32 per share.

All charts in this article are courtesy Citi. The Worst Possible Name For Your Brand And Three Things You Can Learn From It Let s say you want to come up with a great brand name for a new beverage brand you re launching. You know what consumers are looking for, and you re the creative type.

What s the biggest naming mistake you could make? How about a name like  Sweat  or  Pschitt,  with unfortunate connotations in other languages? Or something difficult to spell and pronounce in some markets, like  Hoegaarden?  Those missteps would certainly be embarrassing, and maybe even costly. But the biggest mistake you could make   the worst possible name for your brand   is one that s already in use for similar goods or services.

For your hypothetical beverage brand, it s probably  Coca-Cola.  Use it, and some lawyers from The Coca-Cola Company will send you a letter politely suggesting you stop using their trademarked brand name.

Unwittingly stumbling upon a globally recognizable name like  Coca-Cola  is unrealistic (and who d want to name a soft drink after cocaine, anyway?), but the example illustrates a very real risk in naming. In fact, last month alone, three high-profile events touched on the challenge of legal availability in brand naming.

Each case is unique, and some may not even amount to much in terms of legal concerns for the companies involved. But the prevalence and high visibility suggested by these stories demonstrates the fact that brand naming is not only a creative exercise, but one also circumscribed by strategic and legal objectives.

Google Becomes Alphabet;  Alphabet  Is A Trademark Of BMW

On August 10, 2015, the brand-naming story of the year broke, with news that Google was restructuring under a new holding company dubbed  Alphabet.  The New York Times was quick to point out many companies already use this name, including BMW, who apparently owns alphabet.com and  does not want to sell.  But as to whether Google will  get some letters  as the headline suggests   a reference to the cease-and-desist letter a lawyer might send to allege trademark infringement   the article clarifies:

 Just because one company uses a name does not mean another company cannot use it. Trademark infringement occurs if another company s use could create confusion with consumers, according to the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 

If you re going to gamble, at least understand the game you re playing.

So while Alphabet n e Google  is involved in the auto industry  (through Android, and self-driving vehicles), whether they ve infringed on BMW s trademark is not just a simple question of who used the name first. And as for the domain name, Google s Alphabet can be found online at abc.xyz. I m sure it ll get decent search results.

JDate Sues JSwipe

JSwipe, often referred to as  the Jewish Tinder,  is asking supporters to help them cover their legal fees as they mount a defense against JDate, an online dating service aimed at Jewish singles. The latter, owned by Spark Networks, is  claiming intellectual property over the letter  J  within the Jewish dating scene. 

JSwipe is framing it as a case of David and Goliath, and many commentators seem to agree, claiming it may be  a bullying tactic to incentivize JSwipe to sell the company  and pointing to numerous other  J-name  apps for Jewish users. But Michael Egan, Spark CEO, is quoted in Observer saying  we believe  swipe  is really synomous [sic] with  dating  in the dating community.  The article goes on to recount JDate s side of the story:

JDate approached JSwipe very shortly after it came to market. The company had been working for about six months, at that point, on its own mobile app.  Before they even built a brand,  Mr. Egan argues,  it would have been very easy for them to take a different name; it s not like they had built or spent a lot of money to build that name. 

Regardless of the merits of JDate s case (or lack thereof), if this version of the story is true, JSwipe made a conscious decision to take on this Goliath, and is now dealing with the consequences, fair or not.

Poachable Becomes Anthology

 Unfortunately, we hit some roadblocks about whether the name could be registered as a trademark,  wrote Tom Leung, co-founder and CEO, in his blog post explaining the renaming of his anonymous career matchmaking platform. In an article penned for Inc.,  How Not to Name Your Startup, and What You Can Learn from My Mistake,  Leung went into more detail:

 We were on our way to becoming a household name; that is, until we heard from the United States Patent & Trademark Office To make a long story short, the USPTO refused our application for  Poachable,  citing alleged similarity to two other trademark holders,  Poached  and  Poachee.  While we wholeheartedly disagreed with the decision, appealed, and finally made attempts at a coexistence agreement with the other parties, we found ourselves facing the daunting prospect of having to start from scratch. Thus began a long, intensive journey to rename the company. 

Anthology s story is essentially a worst-case scenario in brand naming. After more than a year successfully building the Poachable brand, including stories in Inc., FastCompany and Fortune, the company now has to attempt to switch horses mid-race, explain the sudden change and launch ads to build awareness for a new name. Their experience highlights several of the costs   tangible and intangible   of resorting to an  involuntary rebrand,  from lawyers  fees, lost brand equity and launching a new brand name to embarrassment, distraction and frustration.

Three Takeaways For Creating New Brand Names

What specific lessons can Alphabet, JSwipe and Anthology teach us about how to create new brand names?

Cast A Very Wide Net. Hundreds of thousands of trademark applications are filed with the USPTO every year, not to mention equivalent registries around the world. While stories of startups finding great names by picking from a handful of ideas in a hat may inspire us to try our luck, the probability of successfully  winging it  seems to be getting lower every year. Brands doing business in multiple languages or cultures are also likely to find some of their name ideas, even if legally available, won t work due to concerns over pronunciation, unintended meanings or negative connotations (see Sweat and Pschitt, above).

To clear these hurdles while still meeting strategic and creative criteria, professional namers and naming firms typically generate hundreds or even thousands of name ideas for any given brand. Quantity is never a substitute for quality, but striving for both will yield the best results. Bear in mind that at this stage you re not looking for one, perfect name   you re looking for a strong set of options so that if one name inevitably fails to live up to legal, linguistic or other forms of scrutiny, all is not lost.

Keep An Open Mind. In introducing Alphabet, Larry Page wrote,  Don t worry, we re still getting used to the name too!  Tom Leung of Anthology advises,  Don t overreact if people don t swoon  over your new name. As consumers and businesspeople, we no longer think twice when using names like Virgin, Caterpillar, Gap and Yahoo, so try to subdue that reflex telling you a name will never fly (especially if it s because the domain name is unavailable).

The worst possible name for your brand is one that s already in use for similar goods or services.

It s far too easy to poke holes in something new, but, with the support of a visual identity and messaging, as well as focus, consistency and time, names, to a degree, take on the meaning they re given. If the world has gotten used to  Google  as both a verb describing an everyday action and a noun describing a diversified, $66-billion company, names like  Alphabet  and  Anthology  will start to feel right in no time at all.

Listen To The Experts (i.e., Your Attorney). Perhaps the greatest lesson these three stories can teach us is to solicit the expert advice of a trademark attorney before investing time and money into a new brand name. Don t assume you re free to use a name without risk just because the domain is available, you ve used a unique spelling or another company using the name seems  different enough  to you.

Put yourself in the shoes of that other company (Poachee or JDate, for example)   would you be upset if a new competitor adopted the name you re considering? Or imagine you re a potential customer trying to distinguish between the established name and yours   might you be confused?

These are useful considerations, but ultimately you ll want to rely on an expert opinion. Risk is an inherent part of business, but without a lawyer, no one can tell you the nature, significance or potential consequences of the risk associated with using a given name. If you re going to gamble, at least understand the game you re playing.

In short, hope for the best   divine that one, perfect name and discover it s eminently available   but plan for the more likely scenario   follow a tried-and-true process that balances inspiration and rigor. Do so, and your new brand will be able to put its best foot forward from day one   a little more safely. US, China agree on rules for air-to-air military encounters WASHINGTON The United States on Friday announced agreements with China on a military hotline and rules of behavior to govern air-to-air encounters, just days after the Pentagon criticized China over an unsafe intercept of a U.S. spy plane.

The agreements were unveiled following talks in Washington between Chinese President Xi Jinping and President Barack Obama and seek to lessen the chance of an accidental flare-up between the two militaries, despite tensions in the South China Sea.

"We agreed to new channels of communication to reduce the risks of miscalculations between our militaries," Obama told a White House news conference with Xi standing beside him.

The new agreement on rules of behavior for air-to-air encounters was broad in scope, addressing everything from the correct radio frequencies to use during distress calls to the wrong physical behaviors to use during crises.

"Military aircrew should refrain from the use of uncivil language or unfriendly physical gestures," read one provision of the agreement. (1.usa.gov/1G7zxTW)

Another agreement created formal rules to govern use of a military crisis hotline, a move that aims to speed top-level communication. (1.usa.gov/1iAw9vu)

The Pentagon says two Chinese JH-7 fighter jets intercepted an American RC-135 reconnaissance plane, with one passing within just 500 feet of the U.S. aircraft. The intercept took place on Sept. 15, about 80 miles (130 km) east of the Shandong peninsula in the Yellow Sea.

The Pentagon reported a far more dangerous intercept last year, when, in August 2014, a Chinese warplane flew as close as 20 to 30 feet (7 to 10 meters) to a U.S. Navy patrol jet and conducted a barrel roll over the plane.

One U.S. defense official said, the United States will expect "full compliance" with the agreement.

The intercepts are examples of moves seen as an assertion of the expanding reach of China's military. This month, five Chinese Navy ships sailed in the Bering Sea off Alaska.

Closer to home, China's territorial claims have stoked tensions. Beijing claims most of the South China Sea, through which $5 trillion in ship-borne trade passes every year.

The agreement sidesteps such territorial disputes by being "geographically neutral," the U.S. defense official said.

But Obama said he had a "candid" discussion with Xi.

"I indicated that the United States will continue to sail, fly and operate anywhere that international law allows," Obama said as Xi stood beside him.

(Reporting by Phil Stewart; Editing by Doina Chiacu, Bernard Orr) The iPhone 6S, Google, & the Potential Removal of the Wireless Middlemen  
2015-03-05
Google Inc. Enters the Wireless Phone Market: Here's What You Need to Know Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) made noise in January when a number of media outlets reported that the search giant planned to launch a wireless service in partnership with Sprint (NYSE:S) and T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS).

The service wouldn't be a traditional wireless play with its own infrastructure. Instead, the company would be offering a service that sends data, text, and voice over Wi-Fi networks when possible and Sprint and T-Mobile's networks when it isn't.

Now, in a speech at Mobile World Conference in Barcelona, Google Senior Vice President Sundar Pichai confirmed that the company is entering the wireless space while detailing how the service will work. He also laid out some of the underlying philosophy as to why Google would enter the market.

"Everything we do, we do at a global scale, and we work with partners to enable a lot of what we do," he said. "When we focus on problems, we want to focus on things that make a difference in people's day-to-day lives."

Wireless phone service certainly qualifies, and it's a market Google is already involved with indirectly through its Android operating system, which powers around 80% of all smartphones, Pichai said.

Google doesn't intend to take on the big boys

While AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ), the wireless leaders, along with Google's prospective partners Sprint and T-Mobile, should be concerned that a company as large as Google is entering their space, Pichai said that competing on a large scale is not the intention.

"You will see us announce it in the coming months," Pichai said. "Our goal here is to drive a set of innovations which we think the system should adopt."

He explained that the company has "always pushed the boundaries of what's next, and we have done that with hardware and software."

Pichai likened the strategy to what the company does with its Nexus tablets and phones. "It's a bit misunderstood outside [the company] as to why we do Nexus devices," he said. "All innovations in computing happen at the intersection of hardware and software. For you to drive the next generation, you need to do both closely together."

The Google exec also noted that it makes Nexus devices in partnership with its OEMs and that they are never done in scale. "Compared to the rest of the industry its a very small scale," he said.

He implied that a wireless service would follow the same model -- big enough to test concepts, but not a major player.

"We don't intend to be a network operator at scale. Our network partners will be the ones who provide service," he said.

He referenced partners multiple times but did not specifically name Sprint and T-Mobile.

Here's how it will work

Pichai didn't offer specific details as to how the service would work, but a report in The Wall Street Journal said it will operate over Wi-Fi using Sprint and T-Mobile's network when needed:

Google's planned service would sift through cellular connections from Sprint and T-Mobile and Wi-Fi "hot spots," picking the best signal for routing calls, texts and data, these people have said. Mr. Pichai said the service aims for seamless handoffs between Wi-Fi and cell networks to prevent dropped calls and automatically reconnect them.

"Hopefully carrier partners, if they think ideas are good, they can adopt it," Pichai said.

Google knows it needs to protect relationships

Pichai was careful to point out how Google values its wireless carrier partners. He also stressed that they have been consulted and involved as the company planned this service.

"We've talked with them about all this," he explained. "We are working with some of these carrier partners to do what we are doing. ... In the end, partners like AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, and Sprint in the U.S. are what powers most of our Android phones and the model works extremely well for us."

It's about ideas and innovation

Though lower prices might be a byproduct of Google's efforts, Pichai explained that the goal of the service is more about innovation.

"It's about thinking through areas like how Wi-Fi and cellular networks work together and how can you make that experience seamless," he said. "If two people are making phone calls and your call drops, maybe get connected back automatically -- these are all innovations. We are trying to show what's possible."

Walking a tightrope

Google may not be intending to anger the major phone carriers to protect the Android franchise, but it could happen anyway. The company may say it intends to use the service as a sort of lab, but once it hits the market, things could be different.

The company's intentions may be pure, but entering a space occupied by your partners could result in backlash. Google has managed that so far with its Nexus devices, but there's no guarantee that will continue when the wireless service launches. Petrobras downgrade so far 'well-absorbed' by markets, BofA says A policeman stands in front of the Petrobras headquarters during a protest in Rio de Janeiro March 4, 2015. REUTERS/Sergio Moraes

SAO PAULO The decision by Moody's Investors Service to cut Petr leo Brasileiro SA's ratings to "junk" last week has so far triggered a mild selloff, as bonds of the world's most indebted oil company remain in most major investment-grade debt indexes, analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch said on Thursday.

Analysts led by Anne Milne said in a client note that a "true test" looms should the Brazilian state-controlled company known as Petrobras (PETR4.SA) (PBR.N) face another downgrade and its bonds migrate from all major investment-grade indexes toward high-yield, or speculative, ones.

Moody's two-notch rating cut to "Ba2" led BofA Merrill Lynch to exclude Petrobras from its high-grade indexes since the oil producer's composite rating from all three major ratings firms - Moody's, Standard and Poor's and Fitch Ratings - averaged a "junk" ranking.

The downgrade "led to some selling, but so far it has been absorbed relatively well by the market," Milne said.

Yet the fact that some other high-grade bond indexes still regard Petrobras debt as investment-grade has prevented steeper downward price pressure. In Europe, the downgrade put more initial pressure on bonds as Petrobras bonds exited two of the region's top-three investment-grade indexes, Milne said.

"So quite interestingly, Petrobras is now in the major BofAML Global high-yield indices as well in the market's most widely tracked U.S. investment-grade index," the Barclays Aggregate Bond Index, she added.

Her remarks highlight challenges facing Petrobras as a corruption probe hampers confidence and makes it harder for the Rio de Janeiro-based company to access global capital markets as the price of oil slides. The company's board authorized management to raise up to $19 billion, although it did not say from where.

Trading volumes and prices on Petrobras bonds are expected to undergo violent swings in coming months, while spreads - the difference between the yield that Petrobras pays to investors and that of comparable U.S. Treasury notes - are more likely to widen than narrow, Deutsche Bank Securities recently said.

According to BofA Merrill Lynch, Petrobras' outstanding debt was $135 billion at end September, of which bondholders held about $54 billion. Bank loans represented about $58 billion, with Brazilian state-controlled lenders holding the remaining exposure.

Petrobras' 6.25 percent bond due March 2024 US71647NAM1=TE has traded between about 90 cents and 94.8 cents on the dollar between the Feb. 24 downgrade and Thursday. Prices have risen in four of the past five sessions, according to Tradeweb.

(Reporting by Guillermo Parra-Bernal; editing by Matthew Lewis) For the 'unbanked', mobile money still has some way to go A customer conducts a mobile money transfer, known as M-Pesa, inside the Safaricom mobile phone care centre in the central business district of Kenya's capital Nairobi in this July 15, 2013 file photo. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya/Files

Globally, an estimated 2.5 billion people don't have a bank account, but many own a cellphone, fuelling a race to turn these phones into bank books for the 'unbanked' to store cash, manage their accounts, make purchases and send and receive money - part of so-called 'financial inclusion'.

In a report this week, the GSMA, the association of mobile phone companies, said mobile money "has been growing at a dizzying rate." The Boston Consulting Group said last month mobile money transfers in sub-Saharan Africa alone could generate fees of up to $1.5 billion by 2019.

However, consultants and others working at banks, government agencies and even the phone companies note that, while many people have mobile money accounts   usually with the phone companies - few are actively used. While money flows through these networks, nearly two thirds of the volume comes from users merely topping up prepaid mobile accounts in transactions averaging less than a dollar.

"If you take out air-time, you have a true view of mobile money, and it's not a good story, more than a decade on," says South Africa-based Johan de Lange, who works with banks and phone companies.

And, when people do make remittances, those receiving the money tend to cash it in, taking the money out of the system and limiting the potential for mobile money to become a medium of exchange   a mobile wallet for buying things or to provide banking services over mobile networks.

A GSMA spokesperson said air-time top-ups were decreasing as a proportion of overall transactions, and domestic money transfers via mobile were cheaper or safer than other options, and so were "a key piece of the financial inclusion story."

POLICE PAY

Use of mobile money, indeed, is spreading and there are success stories, but these are few relative to the number of projects, and consultants and others question just how successful they are.

In Afghanistan, for example, much has been made of a service to send police salaries direct to their cellphones via a code they present to an agent or bank for cash. This has reduced corruption, where police pay was often halved as it made its way through the bureaucratic chain.

But the service last year reached less than 1 percent of the police force, and cost the Law and Order Trust Fund For Afghanistan more than $10 per transaction - much of which goes to Roshan, the phone company which runs the service with Vodafone. The fund said last year it was exploring cheaper options.

The poster child for telco-driven mobile money services is M-Pesa, set up by Vodafone and run by Kenya's Safaricom Ltd. Mobile money accounts for more than a fifth of its 145 billion shillings ($1.59 billion) annual revenue.

Daniel Maison, a consultant in Kenya, uses M-Pesa to buy petrol, pay restaurant bills or shop at the supermarket. "It's a part of our lives. We wonder what we did without it. I don't need to physically have cash. The beauty is you can even have a savings account on your mobile phone," he told Reuters.

But some note the M-Pesa service owed much of its take-off to the electoral violence in 2007-08 that displaced many Kenyans and made it hard for others to travel. Sending money by phone was the next best thing. Consultants also say the company's figures hide the fact that mobile money transactions involve sending notifications via short service message (SMS), a cost the operator effectively subsidizes.

"If everyone had to pay for these messages, I wonder how many (telco) 'rock stars' there would be," said Malcolm Vernon, a London-based mobile money consultant who works in Africa, Asia and Europe.

TAKING WING

This is not to say that mobile money has no future in emerging markets.

After six years, Wing in Cambodia made a modest profit last year with fewer than 50,000 active accounts, many of them held by farmers and shopkeepers paying their suppliers remotely.

Anthony Perkins, CEO of Wing, once part of Australia and New Zealand Banking Group, says the secret is to think more like a bank than a phone company, such as nurturing a network of agents who can receive and dispense cash. Some of these 'human ATMs' can earn eight times the average national income.

"Running an agent network is really no different than running a branch network," Perkins said.

He and others say that while phone companies, with their reach and flexibility, are good tools for rolling out networks, they aren't necessarily the best to move mobile money beyond simple transactions into becoming a nationwide, or international, digital money system.

The telcos' main priorities, they point out, aren't so much the social goals of financial inclusion, but to reduce churn   keeping customers from jumping to a rival firm - and to maximise the amount users spend on their network.

"I don't understand why it's being left to telcos to bring this financial inclusion to the masses," said Perkins. "Even in a small country like Cambodia you can make money out of this."

(Additional reporting by Matthew Mpoke Bigg in Accra; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) China's National People's Congress annual session BEIJING China's parliament, the National People's Congress, opens its annual session on Thursday.

Following are highlights from Premier Li Keqiang's prepared speech to be delivered at the start of the meeting, as well as highlights from reports from the Ministry of Finance and the National Development and Reform Commission.

WORK REPORT FROM PREMIER LI KEQIANG ECONOMY

- China to target economic growth of around 7 percent in 2015.

- Consumer price inflation target put at around 3 percent.

- Budget deficit for 2015 set at 2.3 pct of GDP.

- M2 growth target put at around 12 pct.

- China aims to create 10 million new jobs in 2015.

- To ensure jobless rate does not exceed 4.5 pct this year.

- Says economy faces greater difficulties in 2015 vs 2014.

- To improve local government debt-raising mechanism.

- To deepen reforms of state-owned enterprises.

- To implement proactive fiscal, prudent monetary policies.

- To cut carbon intensity by at least 3.1 pct.

REPORT FROM NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AND REFORM COMMISSION

- Says 2015 FDI will be $120 bln.

- Sees non-financial outbound direct investment at $113 bln.

- To target total trade growth of around 6 pct in 2015.

- To target fixed-asset investment growth of 15 pct.

- To replace coal usage with alternative energy sources in heavily polluted areas

- Will encourage more mergers, shut outdated capacity in oversupplied sectors.

(Reporting by Kevin Yao, Koh Gui Qing, Judy Hua, Kathy Chen, Gerry Shih and Dominique Patton; Editing by John Mair and Jason Subler) 
2015-10-15
Why Baidu Inc Is a Screaming Buy It seems that you can't give away shares in Chinese companies these days. The Hang Seng Index (HSIINDICES:^HSI) is off 21% from its highs of the early summer, and worries surrounding China's economy itself compound by the day. Amidst all of this, one of the best-known mainland Chinese companies, Baidu Inc (NASDAQ:BIDU), has seen its share price drop precipitously following disappointing earnings results earlier this year.

Things don't look good at present, but as the old saying goes, "Nothing ventured, nothing gained." If you're willing to look past the travails of today, now is the perfect time to consider adding Baidu to your portfolio. Here's why.

Current travails

Baidu's most recently reported quarter, which ended June 30, 2015, left much to be desired. This was not, however, due to its sales results. Total revenues increased an eye-popping 38.3% year over year, to $2.67 billion. Mobile revenues amounted to 50% of this figure.

Moving further down the income statement, things become considerably less rosy. Operating profit fell 2.5%, to $559.6 million, and net income slid 3.3%, to $590.6 million. How could such a strong top-line showing lead to such an abysmal bottom line, you ask?

The first culprit was research and development costs. Associated with broad expansion efforts, they increased 56.2% over the same period last year. Sound like a lot? Selling, general & administrative expenses ballooned a whopping 81% compared to the year-ago period, due almost exclusively to the company's "online to offline" (O2O) initiative. Baidu is growing -- fast -- but its investment spending is accelerating even faster.

Chasing O2O dreams

There is a battle brewing within Chinese e-commerce. Baidu, which has arguably been late to the game, is playing catch-up in the burgeoning O2O industry. Never heard of it? Me either.

However, after a bit of research, I learned that the term refers to the merger between traditional retail experiences and 21st century e-commerce. The first step of this trend, with the endgame being a seamless O2O experience, is the omnichannel strategy that many retailers stateside are beginning to employ.

O2O seeks to bridge this gap, and the opportunity is huge. Despite fierce competition, Baidu's attempts at gaining a foothold have borne some fruit. In the second quarter, O2O revenue was up 101% year over year.

This is not to say Baidu has an easy path ahead; competitors like Tencent (NASDAQOTH:TCEHY) have a head start, and won't take Baidu's entry onto the field lying down. The verdict is obviously out on Baidu's spending here for now, but given the size of the potential opportunity, it seems safe to give management the benefit of the doubt for the time being.

Valuation

Baidu's current valuation is reason enough for investors to consider diving into its shares. It is smaller than Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google, but a comparison between the two companies is telling:

Baidu Inc:

2012 2013 2014 Total Revenue $3.5 billion $5 billion $7.6 billion Net Income $1.65 billion $1.65 billion $2.07 billion Free Cash Flow $1.52 billion $1.735 billion $2.06 billion

Alphabet Inc:

2012 2013 2014 Total Revenue $46 billion $55 billion $66 billion Net Income $10.7 billion $12.92 billion $14.44 billion Free Cash Flow $13.35 billion $11.3 billion $11.4 billion

The facts speak for themselves. Both search players have grown the top line at a steady clip during the last three years, but Baidu trounced its much bigger peer with revenue growth of 47% annually. Profits and free cash flow growth at both companies have been less impressive, as both have opted to reinvest in new business lines and growth initiatives.

Moving on to investors' valuations of Alphabet and Google, the bullish case for Baidu becomes even stronger:

Baidu Inc Alphabet Inc Market Capitalization $50.64 billion $444.7 billion Forward Price to Earnings Ratio 25.23 21.3 Forward Price to Sales Ratio 4.74 6.23 Projected 5 Year Forward Earnings Growth Rate 24.16% 14.17%

Both Baidu and Alphabet have been awarded roughly similar valuations, despite the fact that Baidu offers a much stronger growth profile through the end of the decade. This, coupled with the fact that it sports a dominant search engine market share in the world's most-populous nation, means you're not being asked to pay a considerable premium to benefit from these advantages. Granted, Baidu is attracting competition in recent years from the likes of Qihoo 360 Technology Co Ltd-owned 360 and Sohu.com-owned Sogou in its main search business, but the fact remains that Baidu is the 800-pound gorilla of Chinese search.

Foolish final thoughts

I get it... investors are not happy with Baidu's lack of profit growth in recent years, and remain nervous about current competitive pressures. What they seem to be forgetting are the huge advantages Baidu has going for it. The secular trends Baidu stands to benefit from in the coming decades, held up in the light of a more-than-fair valuation compared with Alphabet's, makes Baidu's shares too appealing to ignore. These simple facts make Baidu a screaming buy for people willing to do the Foolish thing, and strongly consider adding Baidu to their portfolios. 
2015-10-05
Google officially restructured, now trades stock as Alphabet Inc.  Bye bye Google, hello Alphabet Google Inc. has morphed into Alphabet Inc.

After US markets closed on Friday, Alphabet replaced Google as the publicly traded company that will house Google s search and Web advertising businesses, maps, YouTube and its  moonshot  ventures such as driverless cars.

Google s class A shares and class C shares will automatically convert into the same number of Alphabet class A shares and class C shares and start trading on the Nasdaq from Monday. The ticker symbols will not change.

The structural overhaul, announced in August, is intended to separate the company s core businesses from ventures such as the driverless cars, glucose-monitoring contact lenses and Internet-connected high-altitude balloons.

Google s Sidewalk Labs, a company dedicated to coming up with technologies to improve urban city infrastructure such as a free WiFi program, will also be a part of the Alphabet business.

The core businesses will be called Google and operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alphabet. Sunday Pica will head Google.

Alphabet will be run by Google co-founder Larry Page and each of its businesses will have its own chief executive.

Starting from the company s fourth quarter in January, Alphabet will have two reporting units   Google and all other Alphabet businesses taken as a whole.

Investors have cheered the move, saying it will give them greater visibility into the financial performance of Google s highly profitable core businesses.

Alphabet s businesses will also include connected home products maker Nest, venture capital arm Google Ventures, and Google Capital, which invests in larger tech companies.

Google Inc. has morphed into Alphabet Inc.

After US markets closed on Friday, Alphabet replaced Google as the publicly traded company that will house Google s search and Web advertising businesses, maps, YouTube and its  moonshot  ventures such as driverless cars.

Google s class A shares and class C shares will automatically convert into the same number of Alphabet class A shares and class C shares and start trading on the Nasdaq from Monday. The ticker symbols will not change.

The structural overhaul, announced in August, is intended to separate the company s core businesses from ventures such as the driverless cars, glucose-monitoring contact lenses and Internet-connected high-altitude balloons.

Google s Sidewalk Labs, a company dedicated to coming up with technologies to improve urban city infrastructure such as a free WiFi program, will also be a part of the Alphabet business.

The core businesses will be called Google and operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alphabet. Sunday Pica will head Google.

Alphabet will be run by Google co-founder Larry Page and each of its businesses will have its own chief executive.

Starting from the company s fourth quarter in January, Alphabet will have two reporting units   Google and all other Alphabet businesses taken as a whole.

Investors have cheered the move, saying it will give them greater visibility into the financial performance of Google s highly profitable core businesses.

Alphabet s businesses will also include connected home products maker Nest, venture capital arm Google Ventures, and Google Capital, which invests in larger tech companies. Top 10 Wealthiest Entrepreneurs in America The Forbes 400 list of the richest Americans was more exclusive this year than ever before. It took $1.7 billion to make the cut, the highest ever in Forbes' history. In comparison, the price of entry was $1.55 billion last year.

Bill Gates headed the pack for the 22nd straight year. And 25 newcomers joined the list, including Snapchat CEO and co-founder Evan Spiegel, who this year became the youngest billionaire in the world. Among the top 20 richest people in America were 10 remarkable entrepreneurs with a collective net worth of $427.8 billion. Google Inc. Finally Gets Ready to Kill SMS Messages Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently acquired Jibe Mobile, a cloud communications company for mobile operators, to help introduce a carrier messaging standard known as Rich Communications Services (RCS) to mobile users. The terms of the deal were not disclosed.

RCS is a potential replacement for the aging Short Message Service (SMS) standard. Unlike spartan SMS messages, RCS features more modern features like emoticons, location sharing, group chats, and file transfers. RCS has existed for several years, but it's been largely overshadowed by popular OTT (over-the-top) mobile messaging apps like Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) WhatsApp.

At first glance, investing in a neglected carrier-based messaging standard seems like an odd step back from OTT messaging apps. But if we dig deeper, we can see why Google is adopting this strategy.

How Google fell behind in messaging

Although Google owns the world's largest mobile operating system, it's failed to deliver a powerhouse mobile messaging app to challenge WhatsApp.

Google's core communication app is Google Hangouts, a platform that integrates SMS, Internet calls, video chat, text messages, and instant messaging in a single platform. Google hasn't disclosed how many users regularly use Hangouts, but tech site Tech2 suggested that it's much less popular than Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp, and other popular messaging apps. That's mainly because Hangouts' core user base is rooted in Google's failed social experiment, Google+.

Facebook Messenger hit 700 million monthly active users in June. WhatsApp reached 900 million in September. It's very likely that most of those users don't send SMS messages or use Hangouts on a regular basis. That's bad news for Google since those OTT apps represent cracks in its ecosystem that it can't monetize via data mining or ads. Facebook's Free Basics (Internet.org) plan for emerging markets is another disruptive development because using Facebook or Messenger doesn't count toward a user's monthly data limit.

How RCS might improve Google's situation

RCS has been widely neglected because carrier-based messaging systems require the unified support of hardware manufacturers and telecom companies. Jibe streamlines that process by delivering RCS messages across the cloud, which means that there's no messy "backend" business for the carriers to handle. Once Google adds RCS integration to the "frontend" on Android, RCS messages can be easily delivered across various handsets and carriers.

Google can then position itself between mobile devices and the carrier, which allows it to intercept (and likely mine) RCS messages. That's the same mining strategy Google used with Gmail and other services to improve its targeted ads. If Google can encourage carriers to widely replace SMS with RCS, it could also replace the archaic SMS component in Hangouts with a more modern messaging interface.

Google's sudden interest in RCS messages doesn't mean much in developed countries, which widely prefer mobile messaging apps. But many developing and emerging countries with spottier Internet connections still rely heavily on SMS. If Google can replace SMS with RCS, it could challenge Facebook's Free Basics initiative and tether more feature phone and first-time smartphone users to its ecosystem.

Big challenges remain

Last year, a survey at IMS World Forum in Barcelona revealed that most mobile operator execs planned to launch RCS initiatives by the end of 2015. However, the biggest concern cited by those executives was the ability to actually monetize RCS, especially when SMS plans have become outdated and OTT apps still have so much momentum.

Google could theoretically subsidize RCS messaging by paying carriers to establish a free OS messaging platform for all Android users. That would be a win-win situation for both parties -- Google collects more data and gains a big messaging platform to challenge Facebook while carriers earn a little extra revenue. But even if Google pulls that off, it's unlikely that people will simply embrace OTT messaging apps, which have a snowball-like ability to accumulate users.

Another leak for Google to plug

Google has sprung a lot of leaks lately. Its attempt to combat Facebook in social media flopped, it hasn't figured out how to compete against Amazon in e-commerce, and Apple threatens to cut off a huge chunk of its mobile ad revenues by enabling ad blocking extensions.

Mobile messaging is yet another weakness, and one that probably can't be easily fixed. Promoting a neglected messaging standard is an interesting approach, but it could be easily killed off by the dominant mobile messaging apps. 
2015-10-06
Dear Google: Intel Can Build Your $50 Android One Phone Due to Apple's enthusiastic support for mobile browser ad blocking on iOS devices, Google has an urgent need for greater Android One phone sales.

The Android One project was intended to expand the mobile advertising channels of Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL). The pure Android OS in Android One phones was to guarantee that no Android OEM partners will try to steal advertising eyeballs from Google. The enthusiastic support of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) for iOS Safari ad blocking makes it more urgent for Google to further increase the presence of Android One smartphones in the world.

While Google sells premium handsets $275 stock Android OS phones like the Nexus 5, it also tried to popularize $100 Android One handsets in India last year. Unfortunately, the MediaTek-powered Android One phones from Google's OEM partners in India failed to attain commercial success.

The low market appeal of $100 stock Android OS phones prompted Google to reboot its plan. The company now intends to propagate Android One phones with $50 price tags. The problem now is MediaTek has yet to offer a processor to make it possible for Android One phone manufacturers to meet the new $50 Suggested Retail Price (SRP) of Google.

OEMs Will Find $50 That Android One Phones Will Only Benefit Google

While Micromax and Spice agreed to play minions to Google's $100 Android One ambition, those two India-based firms will find it very hard to make a profit in selling $50 stock Android OS handsets. Unless Google offers Micromax cash incentives or ad revenue sharing, there is no compelling reason for the latter to support the $50 Android One idea.

Even if MediaTek supplies super cheap processors, Micromax would still rather sell its own brand of $50 Android phones and get paid by third-party companies to pre-install their apps. This is more financially viable than giving Google's Android One project a free ride.

Hiring Intel To Help It Launch Its Own $50 Android One Handset

The better solution, therefore, is for Google to ask for help from Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). Like its approach with the Nexus, Google will just have to go all-in on its $50 Android One phone project. Google only needs to hire one or two sub-contractors to build its own $50 Android phone. LG (OTC:LGEAF) or Huawei could assemble the $50 Google phone and use Intel's super-cheap Atom x3 processors.

I'm proud to report that my country's biggest smartphone vendor, Cherry Mobile, has teamed up with Intel to create an Android phone using the 3G-enabled Atom x3 processor. The Cherry Mobile MAIA Fone i4 has an SRP of only 1,999 pesos ($43).

(Source: Pinoy Techno Guide)

Cherry Mobile is Google's official partner for Android phones here in the Philippines. After the initial success of the first carrier-backed $100 Cherry Mobile One Android One handset, Google asked Cherry Mobile to release the more expensive $130 G1 Android One handset last month.

Google also recently launched the $190 BQ Aquaris A 4.5 Android One smartphone in Spain and Portugal. I support its move to offer higher-priced Android One handsets. However, I still say the company has a compelling reason to make its $50 Android One phone a reality.

The more people that uses a stock Android OS device, the more advertising eyeballs that Google could own. Intel and Cherry Mobile's $43 Fone i4 could serve as a template to create a little more expensive Android One version using the Atom x3.

I believe that a $7 more expensive version of the Fone i4 will give it 1GB of RAM. More RAM should boost its performance as a stock Android OS device. ASUSTeK (OTC:ASUUY) has had great success with Intel-powered Android phones since last year. Intel's 64-bit virtualization of Android has helped Asus create 1GB RAM-equipped phablets and phones that run fast even under Asus's Custom User Interface and the usual bloatware of its own pre-installed apps.

I hope Google will soon trust the 28nm 64-bit Atom x3 SoC that ARM-based semiconductor firm Rockchip helped design. Intel and Rockchip have created a dirt-cheap x86 mobile processor that is as energy-efficient as any MediaTek entry-level ARM processor.

But just in case Google is still not fully convinced that an x86 chip from Intel could perfectly run on stock Android One phones, there are the Spreadtrum ARM-based processors. Intel owns 20% of Spreadtrum's parent company, Tsinghua Holdings.

I'm sure Google and Intel can persuade Spreadtrum to sell its entry-level 64-bit ARM-based chips for $50 Android One phones. Cherry Mobile is using Spreadtrum's single-core 1.0GHz Spreadtrum SC6821 processor to help it create the 999 pesos only ($21.5) Fire OS smartphone, the Cherry Mobile Ace.

I believe a single-core Spreadtrum SoC could decently run stock Android 5.0 OS if Google will give it at least 1GB of RAM. The threat of Fire OS smartphones is bigger than that of Samsung's (OTC:SSNLF) Tizen platform.

Unlike Samsung, which is still by itself on Tizen, other companies are actually really selling Fire OS phones. The $50 Android One mission of Google is, therefore, also a defensive manuever against dirt-cheap Firefox OS smartphones.

Conclusion

Intel's x86 chips helped Google Chromebooks win big in the education market. This is the peerless advantage of using x86 processors - they are compatible with almost any modern operating systems. Google knows all too well that Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) is ignoring the Atom x3 and Atom x5 for its Lumia smartphones.

Google could really negotiate an advantageous supply contract with Intel, because that chipzilla is desperate to increase its market share in smartphone application processors. Microsoft continues to rely on Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) Snapdragons for its entry-level sub-$100 Lumia phones.

I would appreciate it if Google uses Intel's dirt-cheap Atom processors to counter the threat of the $80 Windows 10 Lumia phones with $50 Android One handsets. Nadella's shift toward a freemium strategy requires Microsoft to be more like Google. Microsoft wants to sell as many Windows 10 devices as possible for data gathering/advertising purposes.

Microsoft aims to have 1 billion Windows 10 devices as soon as possible. Nadella's ambition further aggravates Google's future in mobile. Windows 10's free licensing adds to the threat of the iOS platform, which is now increasingly being antagonistic over Google's multi-billion dollar income from advertising to iPhone/iPad users.

The person who could only afford a $50 Android phone is still a precious pair of real advertising eyeballs. Google needs the $50 Android One handset to further increase the 1.4 billion number (of people who already have an Android device). Unlike Apple, I do not think Google will ever allow greedy third-party browser extension developers to make selling ad-block tools on Android One devices.

I rate GOOGL/GOOG as a Buy. This advertising behemoth's stock has outperformed its mega-cap peers this year. The majority of investors believe Google was, and still is, the grandmaster when it comes to digital advertising.

(Source: GetAOM.com)

Disclosure: I am/we are long GOOG, INTC, AAPL, MSFT, QCOM.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Xiaomi Mi 4c Vs. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Nexus 5X The Nexus 5X is finally here. It is an upgraded edition of the Nexus 5 model released two years ago. The Xiaomi 4c, which is only being sold in China, comes with similar specs.

The Xiaomi Mi 4c is an upgraded version of the Xiaomi Mi 4i, which is only available in India. Here is a comparison between the two new devices.

The Xiaomi Mi 4c measures 138.1 x 69.6 x 7.8 mm while the Nexus is much bigger, thicker, and heavier measuring 147 x 72.6 x 7.9 mm and weighing 136 grams. The 5X features a fingerprint scanner on the back and the Xiaomi Mi 4c doesn t. The 5X comes in three colors, black, white and ice blue. The Mi 4c has three color variants, pink, black and sky blue.

The Nexus 5X comes with a bigger display at 5.2 inches, which supports full HD resolution. The Xiaomi Mi 4c features a 5 inch screen, which also supports full HD.

Both devices have a Snapdragon 808 chip. The Nexus 5X comes with 2GB of RAM. There are currently two versions, one with 16GB and the other with 32GB storage. The Xiaomi Mi 4c smartphone comes with 16GB of storage and 2GB of RAM, there is also a 32GB version that features 3GB of RAM. Both the devices left out the microSD slots.

Camera, Android Version, Battery and Prices

The Google Nexus 5X features a camera of 12.3MP with dual-LED flash. The Xiaomi Mi 4c is a bit better on this category, featuring a 13MP camera with dual-LED. The two come with a frontal camera of 5MP.

The Nexus 5X comes with the new Android 6.0 update called Marshmallow. The Xiaomi Mi 4c comes with the previous version of Android, Lollipop. The 6.0 update could arrive at some point for Xiaomi phones. It was recently announced that the latest phones would get this update, with the search giant being the first and Motorola phones being second.

The Nexus 5X comes with a non-removable battery of 2,700 mAh. The 16GB version is priced at $379 and the 32GB at $429. The Xiaomi Mi 4c features a battery of 3,080 mAh, which is also non-removable. The 16GB goes for $239 and the 32GB for $289. Solid prices for the two, especially the Xiaomi device.

The two were recently announced and will compete in the crowded market of smartphones. Which one is better? Let us know in the comments.



 Google in talks to invest in messaging startup Symphony Google, which has now morphed into holding company Alphabet Inc, is in talks with messaging startup Symphony Communication Services LLC for a round of fundraising.

Google, which has now morphed into holding company Alphabet Inc, is in talks with messaging startup Symphony Communication Services LLC for a round of fundraising, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters.

Symphony s chat service allows financial firms, corporate customers and individuals to put all of their digital communications on one centralised platform. The talks are ongoing and no terms are finalized yet, the source added.

The Wall Street Journal reported earlier on Monday that Google invested in a new round of funding for Symphony that values the company at about $650 million, citing people familiar with the matter.

The service is backed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc and other big Wall Street banks. Goldman led a group of 14 banks including Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc and JPMorgan Chase & Co in making a $66 million investment in Symphony last October, when Symphony was set up.

Symphony did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Many on Wall Street think of Symphony as a rival to Bloomberg LP and Thomson Reuters Corp, which provide messaging and information services for bankers, traders and investors.

Those terminals can cost tens of thousands of dollars per year for each customer. Symphony is available to businesses with more than 50 users for $15 per user per month. Smaller businesses and individuals can use the tool for free.

Last month, Symphony said they are working with News Corp s Dow Jones to offer news stories in its service and with McGraw Hill Financial Inc to integrate data and analytics from its S&P Capital IQ product.

For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now EU Court Says Data-Transfer Pact With US Violates Privacy An EU ruling has invalidated an agreement that allows U.S.-based companies like Facebook and Apple to transfer the personal data of their European customers to servers in the U.S. But how will it affect tech companies? Amir Mizroch explains. Photo: Getty Images

The European Union s highest court on Tuesday struck down a trans-Atlantic pact used by thousands of companies to transfer Europeans  personal information to the U.S., throwing into jeopardy data traffic that underpins the world s largest trading relationship.

In a victory for privacy advocates, the European Court of Justice ruled that national regulators in the EU can override the 15-year-old  Safe Harbor  pact used by about 4,500 companies, including Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc. s Google, because it violates the privacy... Apple, Google and Coca-Cola   the World's 3 Most Valuable Brands It s that time of year again. No, I m not talking fall or Halloween   I m talking that time of year when Interbrand releases its annual list of the most valuable brands in the world.

You might wonder just exactly who Interbrand is and how they determine which brands are the most valuable. Well, according to the company,  Interbrand is the world s leading brand consultancy. 

All a brand has to do to be valuable is directly benefit the company. The top three most valuable brands this year were Apple Inc. (AAPL), Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL), and The Coca-Cola Co. (KO).

Let s take a brief look at how each brand benefits the company (not to mention its shareholders). Are any in danger of being knocked from their high horse? We ll see.

A Powerful Triumvirate

1) AAPL has the world s most valuable brand, which Interbrand s scientific calculations determine to be worth about $170.3 billion   43% more than it was last year.

A spate of product launches this year   the Apple Watch, iPhone 6S, and iPad Pro come to mind   as well as the Apple TV and potentially even the Apple Car show that the Cupertino-based tech giant is heavily invested in its name.

Perhaps that s one reason AAPL stock has risen more than 12% in the last year, far better than the 2% for the S&P 500 index.

2) GOOG stock has similarly outperformed the S&P 500 since last year s Interbrand rankings, gaining 14%. The famously rigorous Interbrand brand calculus shows that Google s brand appreciated by 12% year-over-year, to stand at a value of $120.3 billion.

Ironically, most of GOOG stock s outperformance in the past year is due to its decision to actually change its company name to Alphabet Inc., so we ll see how much brand equity it has next year.

Certainly, the Google search engine is unlikely to lose much of its swagger anytime soon.

3) Finally, we come to Coca-Cola, whose brand lost 4% of its value in 2015. It doesn t matter though, because the king of soda has been building its brand equity annually since its inception in 1886.

Today, the Coca-Cola brand is worth $78.4 billion, Interbrand reports. It s no shocker, really   customers have proven ready and willing to pay a premium for the Coca-Cola name for years.

KO stock has not managed to beat the S&P over the last year, however; shares are down about 6.6% in that time.

The Rest of the Most Valuable Brands

Below are seven more companies that round out the top 10 list of the world s most popular brands:

4) Microsoft Corporation (MSFT): $67.67 billion (+11%)

5) International Business Machines (IBM): $65.095 billion (-10%)

6) Toyota Motor Corp (ADR) (TM): $49.048 billion (+16%)

7) Samsung Elect Ltd(F) (SSNLF): $45.297 billion (0%)

8) General Electric Company (GE): $42.267 billion (-7%)

9) McDonald s Corporation (MCD): $39.809 billion (-6%)

10) Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN): $37.948 billion (+29%)

Don t be surprised if 10 years from now we see Amazon crack the top three! But for 2015, Apple and Google repeat as the most valuable brands in the world for the third straight year.

As of this writing, John Divine was long AAPL stock. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace 
2015-09-14
Twitter partners with Stripe to expand 'buy buttons' SAN FRANCISCO Payments processing company Stripe Inc launched a new tool on Monday that will connect retailers and brands to sell on platforms like Twitter Inc and tap an increasing number of consumers shopping on mobile apps.

Twitter's adoption of Stripe's new product, Relay, is expected to help the microblogging site further dabble in e-commerce and generate revenue through its "buy buttons," which lets shoppers buy a product and enter payment and shipping information without leaving Twitter's platform.

Twitter has been struggling to increase its audience and in July said its number of monthly average users grew at its slowest pace since it went public in 2013.

"Almost two-thirds of our users say they bought something specifically because of what they saw on Twitter. ... As mobile and social (media) continue to grow, consumers are going to discover and transact right in the apps where they spend their time every day," Nathan Hubbard, Twitter's head of commerce, said at a launch event in San Francisco, where both companies are based.

Stripe, which makes software that helps businesses accept various types of payments on websites and in apps, counts grocery-delivery startup Instacart, ride-sharing app Lyft and e-commerce platform Shopify among its clients.

The payments company's new Relay product functions as a universal sell button for retailers, allowing companies like eyewear brand Warby Parker to list products in a single place and sell them directly on Twitter as well as other e-commerce platforms like ShopStyle.

A smoother shopping experience is crucial to online retailers as they often blame the high rates of unfinished or abandoned online sales on the tiring process of re-entering payment information.

Stripe's chief executive and co-founder, Patrick Collison, who was also at the event, likened the common difficulty of completing purchases through mobile devices to "an obstacle course," noting that two-thirds of mobile shopping carts are abandoned before the transaction is completed.

(Editing by Jonathan Oatis) Google hires Truecar's Krafcik to head its driverless car unit Google Inc (GOOGL.O) said it named auto industry veteran John Krafcik as chief executive of its self-driving car project from late September.

With the hiring of Krafcik, currently the president of automotive pricing terminal Truecar Inc (TRUE.O) and a former CEO of Hyundai Motors America, Google is starting to look at the project as a potential and relevant business in the near future.

Chris Urmson, who has been head of the self-driving car program since 2009, will continue overseeing the project as its technical lead, the company said in an emailed statement.

Google's pet project of driverless cars started in 2009 with an intention to revolutionize the automobile industry. The project is still a part of Google X lab, though the company did not rule out the possibility of it being a part of its parent Alphabet in the near future.

Google X lab also works on other projects like Loon, which aims to provide wireless Internet to the most-remote areas in the world via smart balloons and is currently being tested in the Southern hemisphere.

(Reporting by Sangameswaran S; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier) Alphabet executive chairman Eric Schmidt disses Apple Music Stephen Shankland/CNET

Alphabet's executive chairman couldn't resist a jibe at Apple Music in a new article.

Schmidt played cheerleader for artificial intelligence in a story he wrote called "Intelligent machines: Making AI Work in the Real World" published by BBC News on Saturday. The executive chairman of Alphabet (formerly Google) touted machine learning as something that will increasingly replace more traditional methods to resolve real-world problems. Machine learning is also something that's pervasive across Google's various services, so it's naturally an area Schmidt would want to spotlight.

As one example, Schmidt pointed to the concept of suggesting the right type of music for users of a streaming music service. In promoting the role that artificial intelligence can play in this task, Schmidt clearly took a swipe at Apple's new music service.

To give just one example: a decade ago, to launch a digital music service, you probably would have enlisted a handful of elite tastemakers to pick the hottest new music. Today, you're much better off building a smart system that can learn from the real world -- what actual listeners are most likely to like next -- and help you predict who and where the next Adele might be. As a bonus, it's a much less elitist taste-making process -- much more democratic -- allowing everyone to discover the next big star through our own collective tastes and not through the individual preferences of a select few.

Google has relied on artificial intelligence and machine learning to power and advance many of its own services, most notably its search engine. The underlying principle is that the more technology can learn from its own behavior and mistakes, the smarter it will get. And mistakes it does make. In July, Google was forced to apologize after an algorithm for its image recognition technology referred to black people as gorillas. At the time, Yonatan Zunger, chief architect of social at Google, tweeted: "Lots of work being done, and lots still to be done."

Apple hasn't shunned artificial intelligence to help you find tunes in Apple Music, however, it layers the human factor on top. The Beats Music recommendation engine does use machine learning to try to discern which artists and music you'll like in order to make suggestions. But Apple boasts that it also uses "music experts" to come up with playlists and select the music they think you'll like.

And sometimes that human touch can make a difference. Google's image recognition technology gaffe is a perfect example since a human being viewing the metatags for those images would've caught the errors and corrected them before they became public. However, human beings can only go so far and so fast. When you're dealing with a vast amount of data, machine learning has to play some role. For now, the right solution may be a combination of the human touch and the machine touch. But down the road, Schmidt sees technology as the ultimate solution.

"In the next generation of software, machine learning won't just be an add-on that improves performance a few percentage points; it will really replace traditional approaches," Schmidt said. Is Box Inc. a Buy at Its IPO Price? Box (NYSE:BOX) has had a tough time since its IPO in late January. The cloud storage company went public at $14 per share, soared to $23 on the first day of trading, but lost 40% of its value in the following months. Earlier this month, Box topped second-quarter earnings estimates, but the stock subsequently dipped below its IPO price. Let's take a look at why Box keeps slipping and whether or not investors who missed the IPO should consider picking up shares at an even lower price.

Mind the GAAP

Last quarter, Box's revenue soared 43% annually to $73.5 million, exceeding estimates by $3.6 million. Billings rose 45% and the company finished the quarter with over 50,000 paying customers. Those numbers looked solid, but there were concerns regarding the wide gap between Box's non-GAAP and GAAP earnings and margins.

Box's non-GAAP net loss widened from $29.1 million to $33.1 million, a loss of $0.28 per share, which still beat estimates by a penny. Non-GAAP operating margin also improved from -57% to -45%. But on a GAAP basis, Box's net loss widened much more, falling from $37.6 million to $50.2 million. GAAP operating margin improved much less, rising from -74% to -68%.

The difference between Box's GAAP and non-GAAP earnings suggests that its dependence on stock-based compensation (20% of its revenue last quarter), various intangible assets, and special charges should keep its bottom line deep in the red for the foreseeable future.

Trampled by giants

A pressing concern is that smaller cloud storage companies like Box and Dropbox could eventually be squeezed out of the market by larger rivals like Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). At first glance, a direct comparison between these services leaves Box and Dropbox in the dust:

Box DropBox OneDrive Google Drive Free storage 10GB 2GB 15GB 15GB File size restrictions 250MB (free) 5GB (paid) None with DropBox apps 15GB 5TB Paid options 100GB ($10/month) 1TB ($10/month) 100GB ($2/month) 100GB ($2/month) 1TB ($7/month) 1TB ($10/month)

Microsoft and Google can offer cloud services as loss leaders to tether more users to their ecosystems, which could marginalize "pure play" cloud storage companies like Box. Last November, Box CEO Aaron Levie told The Information that cloud storage would inevitably be "free and infinite" in the future.

For Box to stand out in that market, it needs to develop better-paid services on top of its storage solutions and promote them effectively. This is why Box's operating expenses rose 30% annually to $102.6 million last quarter, due to an 18% jump in sales and marketing expenses and a 62% spike in research and development costs. Looking ahead, Microsoft, Google, and other tech giants might keep outspending and undercutting Box to render its services obsolete.

The contrarian view

However, investors shouldn't overlook Box's popularity among huge enterprise customers like General Electric, Procter & Gamble, and Uber. Its retention rate, which includes renewals and sales of additional services, remains well above 100% -- indicating that these big boys won't move their data to Microsoft or Google's servers anytime soon. Box claims that over half of its paid customer base consists of employees of Fortune 500 companies.

Box integrates its platform with Salesforce and NetSuite, which helps customers synchronize their files with other popular enterprise platforms and collaborate on large projects. Box recently integrated its platform with Office 365, which Levie called the "beginning of a very exciting partnership" with Microsoft during last quarter's conference call. Box also partnered up with IBM (NYSE:IBM) to integrate its platform with IBM's IT services and select IBM MobileFirst for iOS apps. IBM will also help enterprise customers integrate Box into their existing systems.

EMC (NYSE:EMC) also recently divested Syncplicity, a cloud storage business that competes against Box. That exit, Levie claims, could help Box's competitive position "get stronger every quarter." Levie also stated that Box "remained committed" to achieving positive free cash flow by early 2017.

The key takeaway

Those bullish points indicate that Box isn't a little cloud player that will get steamrolled easily by the larger players. Instead, it's a company that cleverly leverages its popularity among large businesses to secure promising partnerships with enterprise giants IBM and Microsoft. But despite its strength in enterprise, I'd like to see Box's net losses, margins, and free cash flow start flowing in the right direction before I buy any shares. Russian watchdog says Google Inc violating competition law - Reuters  
2015-02-06
NBTY, Inc. and Alphabet Holding Company, Inc. to Webcast Fiscal First Quarter ... RONKONKOMA, N.Y., Feb. 6, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- NBTY, Inc. ("NBTY") and Alphabet Holding Company, Inc. ("Holdings") today announced that they will webcast a joint conference call to review their fiscal first quarter results on Wednesday, February 11, 2015 at 9:30 AM (ET). Listeners may access the live broadcast by visiting www.NBTY.com or by calling (866) 394-7479.

A replay of the conference call will be available until March 11, 2015 at midnight (ET) by calling (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406. The PIN number for the replay is 83526162.

Holdings is the parent company of NBTY. NBTY is the leading global vertically integrated manufacturer, marketer, distributor and retailer of a broad line of high-quality vitamins, nutritional supplements and related products in the United States, with operations worldwide. Holdings and NBTY routinely post information that may be important to their investors on www.NBTY.com.

Investor Relations Contact:

Michael Enright

+1 (631) 200-2067

MEnright@nbty.com

Media Contact:

Andrea Staub

+1 (631) 200-7459

Andreastaub@nbty.com

SOURCE NBTY, Inc. GoPro profit forecast may miss expectations, COO resigns Action camera maker GoPro Inc forecast a current-quarter profit that could miss Wall Street expectations and said its chief operating officer was resigning, sending its shares down nearly 18 percent after the bell.

Nina Richardson, chief operating officer for the last two years, will leave the company effective Feb. 27, GoPro said in a regulatory filing. It did not give a reason for her departure.

GoPro, a pioneer in making cameras for mounting on helmets, bikes and surfboards, forecast a profit of 15-17 cents per share on sales of $330-$340 million for the first quarter of 2015.

Analysts were expecting a profit of 17 cents per share on revenue of $324.7 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

San Mateo, California-based GoPro dominates the global action camera market with a 94 percent share - closest rival Sony Corp has just 3 percent. Hair-raising videos shot by its cameras have made a big splash on the Internet.

GoPro's resounding success has prompted the likes of Garmin Ltd, Panasonic Corp and Polaroid to launch their own action cameras. The market has also attracted the attention of Apple Inc.

GoPro's shares swung wildly in extended trading. Before their dramatic reversal, they gained 14 percent after the company announced revenue growth of 75 percent for a holiday shopping quarter during which it sold 2.4 million cameras.

That translates as roughly 1,000 units sold every hour, said Nicholas Woodman, GoPro's founder and chief executive. Targeting holiday season shoppers, the company launched the latest version of its flagship Hero camera and a cheaper, entry-level camera.

Oppenheimer & Co analyst Andrew Uerkwitz said investors might be nervous about GoPro's assertion on a post-earnings call that international expansion is a key component of its revenue growth strategy.

"If you have a bigger sequential decline and at the same time international is going to be up more than the previous year, something has to be down. We suspect that's core North America," he said.

GoPro reported fourth-quarter net income attributable to shareholders of $122.1 million, or 83 cents per share. Revenue rose to $633.9 million.

Analysts were expecting a profit of 70 cents per share on revenue of $580.3 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Up to Thursday's close of $54.37, GoPro's stock had more than doubled since its market debut in June.

(Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Robin Paxton) Yelp Inc. Drops Again After Beating Expectations It seems Yelp Inc. (NYSE:YELP) gets no respect from Wall Street these days. In a fitting follow-up to last quarter's solid results, shares of the online local business-review specialist dropped more than 10% in Thursday's after-hours trading after it beat expectations, yet again.

Specifically, Yelp announced fourth-quarter 2014 revenue climbed 56% year over year, to $109.9 million, which helped adjusted net income more than double, to $18.9 million, or $0.24 per share. Adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization also rose almost 150% over the same year-ago period, to $25.1 million. Analysts, on average, were only looking for sales of $108.4 million to translate to earnings of $0.07 per share.

Yelp also saw cumulative reviews grow 35% over the same year-ago period, to 71 million. Meanwhile, active local business accounts grew 39%, to approximately 93,700, and local advertising accounts rose 48%, to 84,000.

Yelp expects first-quarter revenue to increase 51% year over year to a range of $114 million to $116 million, with adjusted EBITDA of $19 million to $21 million. That's roughly in line with analysts' models for earnings of $0.03 per share on sales of $115 million.

Finally, Yelp sees full-year 2015 revenue of $538 million to $543 million, representing growth of 43% over last year, with adjusted EBITDA of $100 million to $103 million. Analysts weren't as optimistic going into today's report, forecasting 2015 revenue at the low-end of that range with earnings of $0.40 per share.

Here's what happened

To understand the stock's drop, look no further than slowing growth of Yelp's user base. Specifically, growth in average monthly unique visitors decelerated to "just" 13% year over year, to roughly 135 million, helped primarily by a 37% boost in monthly mobile unique users to 72 million. In addition, keeping in mind monthly unique visitors last quarter came in at 139 million -- which represented growth of 19% year over year -- this marks the very first time Yelp's total unique visitor base has fallen on a quarterly sequential basis.

This shouldn't be entirely surprising. Yelp investors have long worried about slowing growth in its core U.S. market, and Yelp's international business has been hindered during the past few quarters by the negative effects of search engine optimization algorithm changes from Google. And despite launching in five new countries to expand its global footprint to 29 countries in 2014, Yelp's international revenue in Q4 was still only $3.3 million, or 3% of total sales. Management elaborated in the subsequent conference call that international communities contributed roughly 2 million reviews in 2014.

Hard at work on international

It's not as though Yelp is sitting on its hands and letting this huge overseas growth opportunity languish. During the quarter, Yelp acquired review sites Restaurant-Kritik and Cityvox to broaden its reach in Europe. In addition, management reminded during the call that Yelp's international business is still young, and it takes time (measured in years) and patience to build both rapport with overseas consumers, and an adequate base of traffic before it can seriously consider monetizing those new locales.

Until that happens, Yelp will be at the mercy of slowing growth in the United States and, consequently, the fickle short-sighted nature of our stock market. But in the end, assuming Yelp does capitalize on the market for online reviews overseas, pullbacks like this could represent encouraging opportunities for patient, long-term investors. 
2015-02-26
Google's Android Success Paves The Way For Sustained Growth  2 Billion People Own Smartphones In what has to be good news for large smartphone manufacturers like Samsung, smartphone ownership rose to 2 billion last year. Now, industry leaders need to worry about how quickly people replace those devices and how fast the overall market will grow.

According to Strategic Analytics, one in every three people in the world owns a smartphone. The research firm added:

Linda Sui, Director at Strategy Analytics, said,  Global smartphone users grew 37 percent from 1.5 billion in 2013 to reach 2.1 billion users in 2014. This is the first time worldwide smartphone users have surpassed the two-billion level. We forecast global smartphone users to increase a further 22 percent to 2.5 billion in 2015. An impressive 35 percent of the world s 7.2 billion population will own a smartphone by the end of 2015, up from 29 percent in 2014. 

The growth rate has slowed, but not enough to undermine the manufacturers.

As next year unfolds, perennial leaders Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Samsung will have to contend with several rapidly growing rivals. The launch of the iPhone 6 and new models of the Galaxy may not be sufficient weapons. Experts expect the iPhone 6 may replace as many old iPhones as it adds to Apple s part of market. The same could hold true for the iPhone 7.

China, in particular, has two contenders for Apple s and Samsung s dominance in the world s largest wireless market. Apple has told investors that the most important country for additional iPhone sales is China. Xiaomi and PC company Lenovo have taken much of the business in the People s Republic. Each has aspirations to make inroads across the rest of the world. Xiaomi also has started to move into India.

The one clear winner in the smartphone race is Google Inc. s (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Android OS. It dominates the market, and Apple s iOS trails well behind. In a competitive sector, no matter how quickly it grows or which manufacturers hold the larger portion, Android will not be caught.

ALSO READ: Smartwatch Company Raises $8 Million on Kickstarter, Challenges Apple 
2015-06-14
5 Tech Companies Spending More on R&D Than Apple Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is one of the most innovative companies on the planet, and its ballooning research and development budget reflects the cost of that innovation. The company has more than tripled its R&D spending since 2010.

But while Apple has invested $7.1 billion in R&D over the past 12 months, several tech companies are shelling out even more cash. Let's look at what these big spenders are working on.

Samsung: $12.6 billion

As Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) fights off growing competition to its huge smartphone and tablet business, the company is spending heavily to develop the hottest new technology and products. Over the past 12 months, R&D expenses amounted to $12.6 billion.

Most of that spending goes toward new products like smartphones, tablets, TVs, and just about anything with an "on" button. The company runs a chip foundry, so it needs to invest in new processes to remain competitive in that space. It also makes displays and cameras for its own products, as well as those of its competitors.

As hardware sales struggle, Samsung has no choice but to open its wallet if the company wants to maintain its lofty revenue totals.

Microsoft: $12.1 billion

Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) racked up a total of $12.1 billion in R&D expenses over the past 12 months. The company continues to invest in its Windows operating system, but it has actually reduced investments in that area relative to previous years.

Instead, Microsoft is focusing on its transition to the mobile-first and cloud-first world. To that end, the company is investing in mobile hardware, including handsets and tablets, apps, and cloud services. With a growing portion of its revenue coming from hardware and commercial cloud and enterprise services, this new focus looks to be paying off for the company.

Intel: $11.7 billion

By its nature, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is an R&D company. It spent $11.7 billion over the past 12 months developing the next generation of computer processors, and its work is never finished. There is always room for improvement -- faster, smaller, more efficient technology.

The decline in the PC market has hit Intel hard, as it still generates 60% of its revenue from PCs. As a result, Intel has shifted some of its attention to the server business, while competing intensely for every piece of the PC market.

The upcoming Skylake release should help the company maintain its lead in PC chips. Its new Xeon server processors may feature 24 cores on 14 nanometer architecture, and leaks of its Purley server platform indicate that it is making big advances in its server business.

Google: $10.5 billion

Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is hard at work on all sorts of different projects, from self-driving cars to Internet-carrying weather balloons. It is no surprise that its R&D expense has also ballooned to $10.5 billion for the past year.

Most of the R&D budget goes toward improvements in its search algorithm, artificial-intelligence capabilities, and content delivery -- basically, anything that makes it easier to understand the content on the Web and the people viewing that content. The company is also developing its mobile operating system and expanding the feature set to better compete with Apple.

With its hand in just about everything related to technology, Google has an R&D budget that is sure to continue expanding.

Amazon: $10 billion

While technically a retailer, Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) is spending some serious money on technology research and development. Over the past 12 months, that line item has reached $10 billion.

This spending goes mostly toward its cloud infrastructure, which Amazon uses for its own services, such as the online store and Prime Instant Video. However, it also rents out space to other businesses. On top of that, Amazon continues to develop its Kindle line of e-readers and tablets, as well as other hardware endeavors such as the Fire smartphone, Fire TV, and the Echo.

This massive R&D budget makes it more of a competitor with Google and Microsoft than with other retailers, and the continued growth in its Amazon Web Services business requires spending in line with those competitors.

The sweet spot

High R&D spend is often a good indicator that a company is dedicated to innovation and willing to pay to keep an edge over the competition. That leads to increases in revenue and earnings, which generally results in a rising stock price.

However, not all R&D spend is created equal. Too much, and it can deteriorate shareholder value with weaker returns on their investments. Interestingly enough, a study from Bernstein Research found that tech companies spending more than 18% of revenue on R&D tend to underperform the market, while those that spend less outperform. Despite the high R&D budgets of all the companies we have discussed, just one spent more than 18% of revenue: Intel. 
2015-04-24
Google's (GOOG) Management on Q1 2015 Results - Earnings Call Transcript  Investors seek protection against healthcare stock decline A Wall Street sign is pictured in front of the New York Stock Exchange, open during Winter Storm Juno, in the Manhattan borough of New York January 27, 2015. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri

NEW YORK Healthcare companies on a seven-year tear have been top performers so far in 2015, helping to push broad stock indexes to record levels, but traders are now looking to protect themselves from a selloff as they await major earnings reports in the sector.

Companies reporting first-quarter earnings next week include Bristol-Meyers Squibb Co, Boston Scientific Corp, Merck & Co, Pfizer Inc, Gilead Sciences Inc and Celgene Corp.

So far, companies that have reported in this sector have seen positive moves in share prices, and many investors say they think healthcare stocks have room to run.

But options traders are not taking chances. Options on a key healthcare exchange-traded fund (ETF) are set near their most defensive posture ever.

So far this year, the S&P healthcare sector index has risen 8.7 percent, leading all other S&P sector indexes. Since 2008, it has increased 179 percent while the broader S&P 500 is up 135 percent. On Thursday, healthcare's strong performance helped push the S&P 500 to an intraday record and the Nasdaq composite index to its all-time closing high.

Investors have been drawn to healthcare stocks by a spate of mergers and expectations for more buyouts on top of major drug launches and strong demand from an aging population.

"It's kind of tough to punch holes into the healthcare bull story," said Sven Borho, founding general partner at health specialist fund OrbiMed Advisors LLC, in New York.

"What worries me is the long stretch of outperformance relative to the rest of the market," he said. Even so, "it's not that healthcare valuations broadly have gone off the roof."

The sector is trading at 18.8 times earnings estimates for the year ahead compared to S&P's P/E ratio of 17.5.

Traders in the options market, however, are preparing for possible downside. Activity in puts, which can be used to hedge against a drop in shares, has picked up noticeably in April for the Health Care Select Sector SPDR ETF.

The average daily puts volume has risen to 16,000, from 9,000 for the first three months of 2015. For every call option, usually used for bullish bets, there are 4.6 put options open, the highest ratio since early 2007, right after their launch, according to options analytics firm Trade Alert.

"It s really just a function of investors looking to protect their gains," said Max Breier, senior equity derivatives trader at BMO Capital Markets. "In a market cap-weighted ETF like the XLV, if you get a number of the top-weighted names kind of disappointing at once you can get a pretty violent reaction,  Breier said.

Companies reporting next week include Bristol-Meyers Squibb Co, Boston Scientific Corp, Merck & Co, Pfizer Inc, Gilead Sciences Inc and Celgene Corp.

Medical device maker Boston Scientific is the second-best S&P healthcare performer with a 39-percent share price gain so far this year. The most accurate analysts say it could meet earnings per share estimates for 20.4 cents per share or miss by a thread, according to StarMine.

Gilead could beat analysts' $2.30 EPS estimate by over 22 cents while Bristol-Meyers and Celgene could beat their EPS estimates by about a penny, according to StarMine.

Shares are more likely to react to comments about drug studies or pricing than to results, Borho said.

Wall Street analysts expect the S&P healthcare sector to report a 10.2 percent first-quarter earnings increase, compared with 7.2 percent expected on April 1 and 12.4 percent in October, Reuters data showed.

Other big events investors will watch next week include first-quarter GDP numbers and the Federal Reserve's statement after its two-day policy meeting on Wednesday. Apple Inc reports earnings on Monday afternoon in a week when oil companies are expected to report grim results.

(Editing by Nick Zieminski) Amazon revenue beats, cloud computing more profitable than expected Amazon.com Inc's first-quarter revenue grew more than expected as rising sales in North America and its burgeoning cloud-computing services unit offset new business investments, boosting its shares nearly 7 percent.

The e-commerce company for the first time broke out financial details of its secretive cloud computing unit, Amazon Web Services, on Thursday, saying revenue jumped almost 50 percent to $1.57 billion, or about 7 percent of total revenue.

The unit's operating income grew 8 percent to $265 million.

Amazon shares rose $26.01 to $416 in extended trading, after closing slightly higher at $389.99 on Nasdaq.

Chief Executive Jeff Bezos revealed in a statement that Amazon Web Services is a $5 billion business and its growth is accelerating.

"We're putting a lot of capex (capital expenditure) there, and we think over time we will be able to generate significant free cash flow," Chief Financial Officer Tom Szkutak said on a conference call.

Cloud computing has turned out to be more lucrative than expected, Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter noted. "Amazon's Web service is profitable, and apparently was a year ago as well. Everybody thought it was losing money ... and is probably a bit smaller than people thought it was."

Amazon's sales from North America rose 24 percent to $13.4 billion in the quarter ended March 31, the company said.

The company said it is continuing to build its Prime delivery business with its one-hour delivery service called Prime Now. It is also investing in original content for its Prime instant video services and devices.

The international unit, which accounts for about 35 percent of total sales, remained a drag, with sales for the quarter slipping 1.77 percent to $7.75 billion.

Szkutak said Amazon has stepped up its investments, particularly in India, and remains selective in China.

"The growth rate in India is very rapid," he said. "A big part of the challenge there is helping sellers to succeed and grow their online businesses."

Amazon said it expected net sales to grow 7 to 18 percent in the current quarter to $20.6 billion to $22.8 billion. It estimated an operating loss of $500 million to an operating income of $50 million for the quarter.

Analysts on average were expecting second-quarter revenue of $22.11 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.

Amazon reported a loss of $57 million, or 12 cents per share, for the first quarter compared with a profit of $108 million, or 23 cents per share, a year earlier as it continued investing in products and services that ranged from Hollywood-style television productions to drone delivery and streaming video-calls.

Revenue rose 15 percent to $22.7 billion in the first quarter.

Analysts on average had expected a loss of 12 cents per share on revenue of $22.39 billion.

(Reporting by Lehar Mann in Bengaluru and Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Kirti Pandey and Richard Chang) 
2015-10-21
Look Out, Alphabet Inc.: Facebook Inc. Is Testing a Potential YouTube Killer Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) recently started testing a dedicated video channel that will appear as a separate tab on its home page. The channel will be customized for each user, featuring videos from their friends and the accounts that they follow, and will recommend videos based on what they've previously viewed. Users can also save videos from their news feeds.

This move is likely to irritate Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google. Over the past year, Facebook has been beefing up its video platform to compete against Google's YouTube. It lets users embed Facebook videos on third-party sites, started sharing ad revenues with content creators, added a new feature called Suggested Videos, let celebrity users live-stream to their followers, and added 360-degree videos to counter YouTube's 360 videos. Given all that, Facebook's introduction of a dedicated video channel shouldn't come as much of a surprise.

A growing threat

With more than 1 billion users, YouTube still delivers more video views than Facebook. However, Facebook actually surpassed YouTube in total U.S. desktop video views in August 2014, according to comScore. At the time, Facebook was serving 1 billion video views per day. This April, Facebook claimed that it was playing 4 billion videos daily, placing it within striking distance of YouTube's 7 billion daily views.

Research firm Ampere Analysis estimates that Facebook could deliver two-thirds as many video views as YouTube by the end of this year. However, critics have criticized Facebook's figures, since the company defines a muted auto-play video viewed for three seconds as a "view," compared to the 30 seconds YouTube requires before it will count a video play as a "view."

Moreover, Facebook charges most advertisers for an impression as soon as an ad starts rolling. By comparison, YouTube only charges advertisers after 30 seconds or after an entire ad has been viewed, whichever comes first. To address those criticisms, Facebook recently introduced new options that let advertisers pay either per impression or only when the ads are viewed for 10 seconds or more.

But should Google worry?

With nearly 1.5 billion monthly active users, Facebook has an audience of people who expose themselves to video ads within their news feeds. Advertisers might prefer that approach to YouTube's scattershot strategy of display ads, clickable overlay ads, and skippable/non-skippable pre-roll ads.

But Facebook's videos also aren't as strong as initial numbers suggest. According to social media analytics site Locowise, nearly half of Facebook's pages didn't upload any videos in June, while a third of all active video pages only uploaded a single video during the month. Twelve brands posted 47% of all the videos across the site, and the average person only watched a third of a Facebook video before moving on.

Nonetheless, the more time people spend watching videos on Facebook, the less time they'll spend on YouTube or other Google sites. This means that Google displays fewer video ads, earns less ad revenue, and accumulates less user data for targeted ads. Enders Analysis analyst Ian Maude recently told BBC News that Facebook "already accounts for about 20% of the time people spend online."

The massive amount of user data which Facebook has accumulated also improves its ability to display targeted ads and videos that have a high chance of engagement. Videos frequently go viral on Facebook, which means that uploading a video ad to Facebook could be a more direct way to reach more people than buying pre-roll ads on YouTube.

Is there room for both?

Video ads, which cost more than traditional display ads, are widely considered the next frontier for advertisers and companies like Facebook and Google. However, there might be enough room for both Facebook and Google to grow without stomping on each others' toes.

Google's U.K. chief, Eileen Naughton, told CNBC that Google was "very comfortable" with its position in the video advertising market. Facebook's three-second views offered a "very different proposition for an advertiser" compared to YouTube's longer ads, she said. She also emphasized that YouTube sent plenty of videos to Facebook and vice versa, and that the back-and-forth traffic was "a good thing."

It's unlikely that Facebook's videos will completely displace YouTube, but it's certainly possible that Facebook's video ecosystem could become a top alternative to YouTube.

YouTube shouldn't grow complacent

Nonetheless, investors should be aware that interest in Facebook's video ads is soaring, and it probably won't slow down anytime soon. In December 2014, eMarketer surveyed U.S. marketing executives and found that 77.8% had run a campaign on YouTube in the previous year, versus 63% who ran one on Facebook. However, a whopping 87% of those execs planned to run a Facebook campaign in 2015, compared to 81.5% who wanted to buy YouTube ads.

That soaring interest suggests that YouTube will need to keep a close eye on Facebook's video expansion strategy. If advertisers decide that Facebook's platform is more effective, YouTube could eventually become a second-tier target for video advertisers. Dissecting Google Conspiracy Theories Part of every professional SEO s job is to read between the lines   to be a conspiracy theorist of sorts. We are required not only to possess tactical skills like researching keyword semantics and using schema markup, but also to predict the future direction of organic search to reveal opportunities and risks within clients  campaigns.

The source of this information is often through analysis of what search pundits are saying, but it also involves reading between the lines, and at the very least, using some form of inductive reasoning to figure out what those pundits aren t saying that could help site rankings, traffic and revenue.

There are some logical applications of this kind of reasoning. For example, when we read:

Page speed impacts user experience. Good user experience is highly correlative to good organic rankings.

we can logically imply that good PageSpeed scores will correlate with good organic rankings. That s not a conspiracy; that s a logical syllogism we can bank on, for the most part.

Of course, we know that site speed is a ranking factor because Google has officially confirmed it. However, other theories lie in a purely speculative realm   one that fundamentally mistrusts a company that cites  don t be evil  as part of its code of conduct.

Which of these somewhat far-fetched ideas has a basis in reality? That s the focus of today s post. What are the top Google conspiracy theories, and which ones should we be brave enough to discuss seriously at the water cooler or, dare I say, in the boardroom?

Participation In AdWords Improves Organic Rankings

This is one of the oldest conspiracy theories, in my experience. If you spend in Google AdWords, your site s rankings will improve within their organic search results.

First, we should establish Google s position:

Investment in paid search has no impact on your organic search ranking.

The word investment is key here; simply investing in Google AdWords willy-nilly has never been proven to directly result in improved organic rankings. However, there are definitely organic benefits that result from participation in AdWords. For example:

A 2012 Google study concluded that  50% of the ad clicks that occur with a top rank organic result are incremental, compared to 100% of the ad clicks being incremental in the absence of an associated organic result. 

A 2010 NYU study determined that  positive interdependence leads to an increase in expected profits for the firm ranging from 4.2% to 6.15% when compared to profits in the absence of this interdependence.  In other words, you make more money from visitors when both paid and organic listings appear together.

Using AdWords to advertise your brand/your website may increase brand searches, and thus, increase organic searches and traffic from people who recall your brand name.

Using AdWords to advertise your site s good content can result in increased incoming links to that content, which will result in improved organic rankings for relevant phrases.

Google Is De-Prioritizing Organic Rankings

The idea is an easy one to grasp: Google doesn t directly profit from organic rankings, so their ultimate plan is to de-prioritize those rankings in their search results.

Anecdotally, I m sure we have all noticed the fact that it s hard to find an example of organic listings  above the fold  in mobile results, and I m sure we ve also noticed the increasing prominence of local listings in the top screen view of desktop search results. Yes, anecdotes like this are how conspiracy theories start   but any truth behind them can only be proven by research.

Only one study we found did this. A 2013 article on Search Engine Land,  Are Google s Results Getting Too Ad-Heavy & Self-Promotional?  relays information on a study that found organic results  made up from 0-to-13% of a Google search results page.  There are a lot of caveats to this   like the types of queries studied and the fact that non-paid results like Google Carousel weren t counted as organic   but the message remained: traditional organic rankings take up very little space in viewers  top screen view.

Other more recent examples, like  Google Achieves 100% Monetization Above the Fold with New Pak  from November 2014 and  The Declining Value of Google Organic Results Below the Fold  from September 2015, express concern over the issue. Yet these articles only use one example to prove the point.

Regardless, I think this conspiracy can be counted as true; traditional organic listings  exposure within Google results is declining.

Google s Ultimate Goal Is To Promote Their Own Content

As cited above, Google s search results include more non-organic listing types than ever before. Additionally, Google the corporation (now Alphabet, Inc.) has acquired a few companies (like ITA Software and Nest) and technologies (like delivery solution BufferBox and mobile payment processor Softcard) that definitely imply they are positioning themselves as a retailer, or at least a retail fulfillment provider.

How long will it be before they begin promoting that content or those companies above all others?

Though Google  denies prioritizing their own products in search results for an unfair business advantage,  the company has commissioned a report which argues that legally, it can prioritize its products in search. Organizations, from the European Union to review aggregator Yelp!, have taken issue with this, arguing that Google is using its search dominance to skew results to fit its own corporate goals rather than providing the best search results.

While the legal outcome of all this is yet to be determined, it appears this conspiracy theory is true. I suppose only time will tell whether self-promotion remains limited Google features (like local listings and Knowledge Graph results) or if this expands to include Google retailers/paid products/services.

Google Wants To Discourage The Use Of Apps

Two things are clear: the world is going mobile, and apps dominate the time consumers spend in that mobile world. In that sense, apps can be seen as a  Google killer    if 90 percent of mobile users  time is spent in an app, only 10 percent of that time is available to be spent in Google s traditional mobile search environment.

When we consider this together with the recent announcement by Google that  mobile web pages that show an app install interstitial  will no longer be considered mobile-friendly,  some   like Yelp s Jeremy Stoppelman   have concluded that Google would like to  slow users  natural migration away from Web search towards apps. 

I don t know that the interstitial penalty alone is cause enough to conclude that Google wants to kill apps, but understanding apps as a potential, future Google killer is a very plausible idea.

Perhaps watching what Google does with their $25-million acquisition of the .app top-level Web domain will give us some sense of their intent. If they simply sit on the TLD, was this $25M spent to protect them from competitive challenges? If they develop it, it would be hard to argue they are anti-app outright.

The US Government Has A Back Door Into Google

When the PRISM surveillance program was revealed in 2013, we learned that the US government collects stored internet communications from companies like Google, Facebook, Twitter and others. Some went on to suggest that the CIA, FBI and other agencies actually have a back door to Google so they can pull information at will and without process.

In response, Google unequivocally stated that  the US government does not have direct access or a  back door  to the information stored in our data centers.  While the truth of this statement is very likely, it is also true that Google complies with a majority of the requests tendered by the US government (They effectively have a back door).

Additionally, Google thought leaders Eric Schmidt and Jared Cohen openly stated (warned?) in their book, The New Digital Age, that

Since information wants to be free, don t write anything down you don t want read back to you in court or printed on the front page of a newspaper, as the saying goes. In the future this adage will broaden to include not just what you say and write, but the websites you visit, who you include in your online network, what you  like,  and what others who are connected to you do, say and share.

While there does not appear to be a conspiracy here, the overall fact of the matter is that nothing you do on Google is secure from acquisition via government request.

Google Wants To Dictate What Is  True 

We re not just talking about filter bubbles, here   we are talking about the impact of Google s speculative use of  truthfulness  or accuracy as a ranking factor.

The issue is outlined well in the Washington Post article,  Why some people are so terrified by the idea of a Google truth machine.  In short, a Google paper has proposed a method for identifying factually accurate websites and, from that, deciding which results to return for consumer searches.

The fear is that non-traditional ideas or interpretations of events will effectively be written out of the conversation if they fail to meet Google s model of truthfulness. For example, if they deem that anti-vaxxer sites are not true, the anti-vaxxer argument will be eliminated from results and thereby dictate the truth about the impact of vaccinations.

What does Google have to say about all of this?

This was research   we don t have any specific plans to implement it in our products. We publish hundreds of research papers every year.

But would they tell us if they were secretly plotting to determine what is considered truth vs. falsehood? Probably not. Do I believe they will purposefully dictate what is true? Probably not. But, as an  accident  of their systems  logic, a scenario could very well develop where their machine learning becomes an accepted, de facto source of what is true.

Google Is Evil

Did anyone else notice Alphabet, Google s new corporate holding company, eliminated the  don t be evil  mantra from their code of conduct?

Final Musings

You may notice that I left out a few conspiracies like Google Maps hiding aliens and that Alphabet, Inc. is building a robot army to take over the world.

Those are entertaining but land solidly on the  tinfoil hat  side of the fence. What conspiracies did I miss? (Your responses will not be passed along to the government, I promise.)

Some opinions expressed in this article may be those of a guest author and not necessarily Search Engine Land. Staff authors are listed here. Google challenges Netflix with ad-free YouTube subscription Google's YouTube unveiled a paid version of its video-sharing service, a new source of revenue for parent company Alphabet Inc. as the Internet giant tries to make the website more profitable and fend off competition from other premium content sites.

The new service, called YouTube Red, will cost $9.99 a month and is available beginning Oct. 28, the company said Wednesday in a blog post. Google will try to persuade people to pay for a service they already get for free by eliminating advertisements and permitting subscribers to save videos for offline viewing.

Wringing more money out of YouTube is crucial to the success of the larger Alphabet group, said Jitendra Waral, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. YouTube Red differentiates YouTube from ad-supported rivals like Facebook, and brings Google more directly into competition with paid streaming services from Netflix and Hulu. Google is tapping into a network of homegrown stars such as PewDiePie, who attained their fame on the platform and have loyal audiences there.

"YouTube is one of the three pillars of Alphabet," said Waral, citing the economics of ads viewed on mobile devices and new cost controls being introduced by Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat. A streaming service will be "an additional revenue stream, rather than a surrogate revenue stream," he said.

The music industry has been particularly vocal in advocating a subscription version of YouTube, as part of a broader push to get people to pay for music they already watch or listen to for free. YouTube is the most popular access point for music in the world, but record companies collect far less revenue from ad-supported streaming services than they do from paid services run by Spotify and Deezer, according to a recent report by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry.

A new music app, YouTube Music, also was announced Wednesday. Users can get more features with a subscription to YouTube Red, the company said in its blog post.

advertisement | advertise on newsday

Google, via its Google Play store, already operates a subscription music service via its that has a lot of overlap with YouTube Red. "If you pay for Google Play Music you get all of YouTube Red music in your subscription," Robert Kyncl, YouTube's chief business officer, said at an event announcing the service. "You don't have to change anything, you get it all."

YouTube, the undisputed king of the ad-supported Web video market for most of its existence, has spent the past couple of years combating more vigorous competition. It introduced a new gaming app after Amazon.com Inc. acquired Twitch, a popular video-game streaming site. YouTube is also funding original series for stars that have licensed shows or made series for rivals Vessel Inc., Go90 and Spotify. Some of those series will be exclusively available to subscribers of YouTube Red.

"The YouTube that you know and love continues to thrive," Kyncl said. "YouTube Red marks an evolution in our desire to give fans more choice and features that they love." Google Intensifies Campaign Against Microsoft, Offers Free Premium Apps To ... Google wants to increase the market share of its premium cloud-based productivity apps because Office 365 is increasingly getting more popular.

Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) or should I say Alphabet, is notching up its campaign against the very popular Office 365 cloud-based productivity suite of Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT). In a blog post two days ago, Rich Rao (Google Apps For Work Global Sales chief) wants companies with existing Enterprise Agreement (EA) with another software provider to sign-up and use the enterprise/premium version of Google Apps until their EAs expire.

While Rao did not mention it, this is a direct campaign against the corporate-centric Office 365 business of Microsoft . Google is specifically trying to compel existing companies with Office 365 subscriptions to switch for free to Google Apps for Work. The free to use offer for Google Apps is only available for corporate clients that are currently paying for Office 365 subscriptions in North America but I expect this to be expanded to other markets too. Google will only charge these companies once their current EAs with Microsoft or other firms expires.

Google further sweetened this sweetheart deal by also offering to help pay for part of the deployment costs of switching to Google Apps from Office 365. The Google Apps for Work is already available for dirt-cheap subscription fees. It won't really be a detrimental contra revenue tactic for Google to offer them for free now to corporate users attached to Office 365.

From the usual basic $5 per user monthly fee for Google Apps for Work, Alphabet recently reduced it to just $3 per user.

(Source: Google)

If we compare Google's two offers to the Business plans of Office 365, the $3 per user/month Google Apps clearly offers more features than the $5 per user/month package from Microsoft. The cheapest Office 365 plan from Microsoft doesn't offer free 24/7 phone/email tech support or custom business email address.

(Source: Microsoft)

Office 365 Is Still More Popular

In spite of the cheaper costs of subscribing to Google Apps for Work, more companies are still favoring Office 365. As per the August 2015 report of Bitglass, Microsoft's Office 365 usage surged 300%, from 7.7 market share in 2014 to 25.2% this year. Google Apps only increased its share from 16.3% to 22.8% in enterprise cloud-based email and productivity software.

Please study the chart below from BitGlass' Cloud Adoption Report 2015 edition. In less than a year, Microsoft's Office 365 outgrew former cloud productivity leader Google Apps for Work in the all-important enterprise market.

Bitglass' report made it very clear that Microsoft is beating Google when it comes to enterprise-centric cloud applications. It is therefore not a surprise that Alphabet is now more aggressive by directly targeting existing subscribers of Office 365.

Bitglass found out that 60% of corporations with 1,000 or more employees already use cloud software suite. It is also important to take into account that 44.2% companies with less than 500 employees are also embracing cloud-based subscription-only software for their daily needs. The future of office productivity is clearly trending toward the cloud.

Google's cloud-based software are not as comprehensive or deeply-embedded as Microsoft Office. By giving free-to-use- until-you-unsubscribe-from-Office 365 privileges, Google is giving companies the chance to try and be proficient in Google Apps so their workers will find easy to migrate from Office 365.

My Takeaway

I am long MSFT and GOOG. I am endorsing a Buy for these two competing software-as-a-service rivals. The cloud-centric approach of providing software and collaborative tools is a growth industry with few players involved. Google's aggressive move to try and poach more Office 365 subscribers is therefore decisive.

A contra revenue approach is justified because Google's cloud apps are not getting adopted as fast as Office 365 is getting welcomed by corporations. Please study the chart below, out of 6,000 companies surveyed by Bitglass, Microsoft's cloud software/service package is clearly getting more subscribers.

(Source: Bitglass)

In the EMEA regions, Microsoft's Office 365 has a far higher adoption rate than Google, 42% vs. 17%. In the APAC region, Google also trails Microsoft's cloud software in terms of corporate adoptions, 25% vs. 36%.

The decades-old dependence of many companies on Microsoft Office gives Office 365 a huge advantage. Alphabet therefore has no choice but to do a contra revenue tactic to try and attract more paying customers.

Google also needs a more robust revenue stream from its cloud apps. This extra money could it offset any reduction in advertising revenue arising from the growing use of ad-blocking software on desktop PCs and mobile devices.

Long-term enterprise subscriptions for Google Apps for Work is one avenue where Alphabet can make decent recurring revenue outside of its core advertising business.

Disclosure: I am/we are long GOOG, MSFT.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. The Google Trade: How to Profit From Alphabet Stock  
2015-12-17
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) and Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Are Giving The Same Trading Setup Corey Rosenbloom: Whether you re a Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) or Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) trader, these high-flying, uptrending stocks are showing an identical set-up at similar levels in their trend.

What s the pattern and what do we expect next? Let s find out.

We ll start with Amazon.com (AMZN) during the holiday season:

Amazon.com (AMZN) is uptrending and has formed two prior  resistance trendlines  as drawn.

At the moment, shares are once again trading into the underside of a resistance trendline near $680.

It s this level on which we ll focus our attention and trading activities.

A breakout higher   just like the other two times   could result in an impulse higher above $700.

However, what would appear more likely is that shares continue to resist against the upper trendline and then trade lower, toward $650 or even the $630 level.

Your trade would simply be the movement  Away From  the current resistance pivot price.

We re seeing a near-identical picture (and opportunity) develop in GOOGL:

Google (or Alphabet if you want to be technically correct) similarly created two resistance trendlines.

Both times, price broke and shattered resistance with a gap-up event and breakout power swing.

Like Amazon (AMZN), GOOGL is resistance near the $780 per share resistance trendline.

A downward swing targets $740 at the lowest point of support; a breakout would stretch above $800.

We re seeing negative momentum divergences in both of these stocks which does increase the odds that resistance for now will hold.

Continue focusing on these two price levels in these high-flying, uptrending, popular stocks.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Corey Rosenbloom from Afraid to Trade. A Look Inside the Sweetest Corporate Director Posts in America Outsize pay for chief executive officers has been a bone of contention among shareholder activists for years. What s less known is that the directors on board-compensation committees -- the very people who decide to give out those large CEO salaries, bonuses, and stock grants -- also tend to pay themselves and other directors extremely well.

Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc. s eight nonexecutive directors received average annual compensation of $1.9 million in stock and cash last year, making them the highest-paid board members at businesses in the Standard & Poor s 500 Index, according to data compiled by Bloomberg from company filings. They met seven times.

Directors at Endo International Plc made an average of $1.4 million. Board members at more than a dozen other companies pulled in from $500,000 to $1 million. In exchange for those big numbers (the median for all S&P 500 companies is $256,565), directors meet an average of eight times a year in day-long sessions.

 The challenge is to compensate directors well, but not so well that pay becomes a primary reason for their service,  said Scott Stringer, New York City comptroller and custodian of the city s pension funds, with over $160 billion in assets.  When you cross that line, you risk compromising the directors  independence. 

Good Money

Directors typically decide their own compensation with little shareholder review, and the money is so good they re often reluctant to relinquish their seats, according to Gary Hewitt, director of governance research at Amsterdam-based Sustainalytics, which provides research to investors.

 Beyond the smell of self-dealing with their pay, directors may find their interests in getting the ongoing board fees a bit stronger than their willingness to rock the boat,  Hewitt said.

At Regeneron, which makes drugs to treat macular degeneration and other diseases, five of the eight outside directors have each served for more than 20 years. Four of the top 10 highest-paid boards at the 500 businesses Bloomberg surveyed are at biotechnology companies where stock-option grants boost director compensation.

Among them: Regeneron, Endo and Vertex Pharmaceuticals Inc., whose directors averaged $920,509. Options in these companies often are granted at low strike prices before drugs are developed and approved, then jump in value after successful trials.

Billionaire Boardmember

The options Regeneron s nonexecutive chairman, Roy Vagelos, has received over his 21-year tenure have helped him to become a billionaire. Regeneron valued his 2014 awards at $20.5 million.

 Our board compensation reflects Regeneron s unparalleled track record of success,  said spokeswoman Hala Mirza. Vertex and Endo declined to comment.

Some companies with highly paid boards have tiered share structures that give much of the voting power to insiders, insulating directors from potential investor action. More than 50 percent of the votes at Google Inc. parent, Alphabet Inc., are controlled by founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page. Google directors received average compensation of $500,498 last year.

At Comcast Corp., which paid outside directors an average of $496,785, CEO Brian Roberts controls 100 percent of a share class that gives him 33.3 percent of the company s votes. Google and Comcast declined to comment.

 Locked Into Management 

 Directors at these dual-tiered stock companies are locked into management to begin with, and their high pay only adds to that,  said Charles Elson, director of the John L. Weinberg Center for Corporate Governance at the University of Delaware.

Not all directors are paid lavishly. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. s directors received average compensation of just $3,991 last year, making them the lowest paid among S&P 500 companies, Bloomberg found. They received $900 for each meeting they attended in person and $300 for participating by telephone; they didn t receive shares for their time.

Facebook Suit

Shareholders have challenged directors  freedom to set their own compensation. The Delaware Court of Chancery ruled in May that directors on compensation committees who approve their own pay aren t protected by the business-judgment rule and can be sued by investors. The rule typically shields directors from liability for decisions they made in good faith and didn t have a personal interest in.

Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter.

A Facebook Inc. shareholder later filed suit, alleging the company improperly allowed directors to award themselves an average of $461,000 in stock in 2013. Facebook moved to dismiss the case, but a Delaware judge ruled in October that even though CEO Mark Zuckerberg is the controlling shareholder, the company failed to allow all investors to vote on the compensation. The case is pending. Facebook declined to comment.

Other than bringing lawsuits, shareholders have little say over director pay. Unlike executive compensation, there s no regular vote to gauge shareholder approval, and votes to amend the terms of board compensation plans typically occur only every five to 10 years.

 That leaves things back in the hands of directors,  said Sustainalytics  Hewitt. 
2015-11-24
Why Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Should FEAR Google Shopping (GOOG, GOOGL) One might think that Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), as the undisputed leader in online retail, should be able to kick back and rest on its laurels this holiday season.

One would be sorely mistaken.

It isn t traditional retailers like Walmart (WMT) or Target (TGT) that should have AMZN shaking in its boots once Black Friday rolls along   it s Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL), specifically its newly improved Google Shopping experience.

The bad news for AMZN stock holders? It may be too late for Amazon to even do anything about it.

GOOG: A Mobile Powerhouse

It s no secret that Internet users are increasingly taking to their tablets and devices for more and more of their online activity. That means that more and more e-commerce is happening via mobile as well, and that means AMZN has an inherent interest in protecting its virtual domain.

GOOG, on the other hand, is the proverbial barbarian at the gate.

The search giant recently estimated that about 30% of online purchases happen on mobile phones, which is why its recent revamp of Google Shopping, its own e-commerce platform, aims to optimize and simplify the mobile experience.

The Google Shopping redesign aims at streamlining the search and purchase process, and now narrows down broader queries (which account for 40% of online shopping searches) and returns specific results, providing further specs such as the product price and brand. GOOG also lets the user easily scroll through product reviews and swipe through different results, so that when they finally click on a product they ll be more likely to buy it.

Advertisers obviously love all of this, and are willing to pay a higher price per click to have their products featured.

That s GOOG s end goal in all this, of course   to haul in ungodly sums of ad revenue from merchants paying to have their products featured prominently on Google Shopping. If the new updates are compelling enough, AMZN could suffer a material hit.

That s because, over the years, AMZN has become more and more ubiquitous, and more and more web browsing denizens are going straight to Amazon to start their product research. That costs Google, and other search engines like Yahoo (YHOO) and Microsoft s (MSFT) Bing, a large number of valuable, qualified traffic.

An October survey by BloomReach found that an incredible 44% of consumers start their product research on Amazon.com, skipping search engines entirely. Just 34% begin on search engines, the study found. That s a hefty gain in market share for AMZN, as just three years ago the percentage of consumers who searched Amazon.com first stood at 30%.

The new update to Google Shopping also uses location services to tell consumers if the product they re looking for is available nearby. And with the recent rollout of next day delivery in a number of large markets like L.A. and San Diego in Southern California, the e-commerce war with AMZN is heating up.

And with the U.S. e-commerce market totaling an estimated $95.5 billion in November and December, there s a lot on the line. AMZN stock in particular has a lot of hype to live up to: It has rallied more than 110% in 2015, and with shares trading at 118 times forward earnings, it needs to keep delivering or risk suffering a nasty pullback.

As of this writing, John Divine was long AMZN stock. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace US Stocks Erase Drop as Energy Leads After Russian Jet Downing U.S. stocks erased early losses as investors shook off concerns over the downing of a Russian warplane by Turkish forces, and energy shares rallied for their first back-to-back gains in three weeks.

Commodity companies led a rebound, with raw-materials joining energy to rise the most among the S&P 500 s main groups. Airlines slumped along with travel-related shares after a government warning to American travelers abroad coupled with a jump in crude prices.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The Standard & Poor s 500 Index rose 0.1 percent to 2,089.14 at 4 p.m. in New York, after earlier falling as much as 0.8 percent. The gauge has gone without two straight winning sessions since Nov. 3. The Dow Jones Industrial Average erased a 109-point slide to rise 19.51 points, or 0.1 percent, to 17,812.19. The Nasdaq Composite Index was little changed. About 6.9 billion shares traded hands on U.S. exchanges, 6.8 percent below the three-month average.

 When you see this type of uncertainty happening, it reinforces looking at the U.S. as a safe haven,  said Tom Anderson, who helps oversee about $8 billion as chief investment officer at Boston Private Wealth.  The U.S. economy is in very solid shape. We re pretty positive on equities as a result. But there s certain to be noise and volatility around those events. 

Turkey shot down the Russian warplane near the border with northwestern Syria, drawing an angry rebuke from President Vladimir Putin and marking the first direct clash between foreign powers embroiled in the civil war. He said Russia  won t tolerate such crimes  but stopped short of threatening any military response against Turkey, which is a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, warning only of  serious consequences  for bilateral ties.

While global financial markets were jolted by concerns that the situation could escalate, political analysts in Russia and Europe said that seemed unlikely given the risks associated with any conflict between Russia and a NATO member. The incident comes with Brussels on the highest-level terror alert and after the U.S. State Department issued a global alert for Americans.

The geopolitical tensions overshadowed data today that showed the economy expanded at a faster pace in the third quarter than previously reported, bolstering the Federal Reserve s case for raising borrowing costs for the first time since 2006. Traders are now pricing in a 74 percent probability that the Fed will increase interest rates next month.

Data Watch

A separate report showed home prices climbed more than estimated in September compared to a year earlier, signaling residential real estate is sustaining momentum. Another gauge showed consumer confidence unexpectedly fell in November to the lowest since September 2014.

Stocks struggled to add to an advance following the S&P 500 s strongest weekly gain this year, with the gauge little changed from its Friday close. The benchmark is 2 percent away from its May record after rallying 12 percent from a summer swoon and its first correction in four years.

The Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index rose 2 percent Tuesday to 15.93, trimming an earlier 10 percent rise. The measure of market turbulence known as the VIX fell 23 percent last week, the most since July.

Energy Surges

Six of the S&P 500 s 10 main industries advanced, with energy and raw-material companies up the most. Financial, utility and industrial companies were the worst performers.

Energy stocks rose for second day, up 2.2 percent on higher oil prices. Marathon Oil Corp. and Chesapeake Energy Corp. added more than 5.5 percent, while Pioneer Natural Resources Co. rose to a five-month high. Exxon Mobil Corp. advanced 2 percent.

Among raw materials, Newmont Mining Corp. gained 2.5 percent as gold rose for the first time in three sessions amid demand for haven assets. Steelmaker Nucor Corp. climbed 3.7 percent after analysts at BB&T Corp. rated the shares a buy. Miner Freeport-McMoRan Inc. added 3.8 percent for its first climb in four sessions as copper rallied.

Analog Devices Inc. rallied 6.4 percent to lead semiconductors in the benchmark index higher after the chipmaker posted better-than-expected earnings. Avago Technologies Ltd. and Skyworks Solutions Inc. gained more than 2.5 percent.

Dollar Tree Inc. s better-than-expected earnings propelled the shares up 6.6 percent to the highest since 2013. Keurig Green Mountain Inc. and Campbell Soup Co. rose more than 3 percent, though the broader consumer-staples group was little changed. Campbell gained after forecasting full-year profit above analysts  estimates, even as it trimmed its sales outlook.

A group of homebuilding stocks rose 1.4 percent to the highest level in two months on better-than-expected increases in home prices in September. D.R. Horton Inc., the largest U.S. homebuilder, advanced 1.5 percent to a level last seen in 2006.

Airlines Sink

Consumer-discretionary stocks fell amid a slump in travel-related companies. Priceline Group Inc., Expedia Inc. and TripAdvisor Inc. retreated more than 1.9 percent, while cruise operators Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. and Carnival Corp. also sank at least 1.9 percent.

Similarly, shares of industrial companies were weighed by a selloff in airline operators. The Bloomberg U.S. Airlines Index slumped 2.7 percent, its biggest decline in seven weeks, as United Continental Holdings Inc. and Delta Air Lines Inc. fell at least 3 percent.

Outside of the travel companies among consumer shares, Signet Jewelers Ltd. declined 4.1 percent, the most since February 2014. Its quarterly results missed analysts  estimates and its outlook fell short of some forecasts.

Three of the Internet s biggest names -- Google parent Alphabet Inc., Amazon.com Inc. and Facebook Inc. -- fell at least 0.9 percent. Those shares, along with Priceline and a 1.4 percent drop in Netflix Inc., dragged the Nasdaq Internet Index down 0.9 percent after it closed yesterday at a record.

Financial shares fell for a second day, with real-estate companies among the worst performers in the group. Mall owner Simon Property Group Inc. lost 2 percent. SL Green Realty Corp. and AvalonBay Communities Inc. slipped more than 1.1 percent.

The earnings season is drawing to a close, with almost all members of the gauge having reported. Of those, 74 percent beat profit estimates, while only 44 percent exceeded sales forecasts. Analysts project profits for index members fell 3.8 percent in the third quarter, compared with expectations for a 7.2 percent drop at the start of the season. 
2015-05-19
Facebook Inc.'s Sustainable Competitive Advantage Steve Jobs once told his biographer, Walter Isaacson, that he admired Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) for its domination of the social networking industry. "We talk about social networks in the plural," he stated. "But I don't see anybody other than Facebook out there."

Although Jobs passed away nearly four years ago, those two sentences still define Facebook's sustainable competitive advantage -- the long-term strength that gives it a lasting edge over its rivals. That advantage is simple: its massive user base.

Facebook's massive lead

Last quarter, Facebook's monthly active users (MAUs) rose 13% annually to 1.44 billion -- more than the population of China. Facebook also owns Instagram, which has 300 million MAUs, and WhatsApp, which has 800 million.

Facebook's massive user base makes it impossible for marketers to ignore. As a result, demand for Facebook's ads has surged to the point that the company can throttle the number of ads it displays to inflate prices.

That's why Facebook's average price per ad surged 285% annually last quarter although ad views dropped 62%. That strategy is dramatically different from Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) straightforward approach of simply selling as many ads as possible.

How Facebook threatens Google

Google is still the largest Internet advertising company on the planet. The search giant reported $59.6 billion in ad revenues last year, compared to Facebook's $11.5 billion.

However, Facebook is leveraging its massive user base to hit Google where it hurts: mobile display advertising. According to eMarketer's estimates, Facebook's mobile display ad revenues in the U.S. were more than three times higher than Google's in 2014. Last quarter, Facebook's mobile advertising revenue accounted for 73% of its total ad revenues, up from 59% in the prior year quarter, and 1.25 billion of Facebook's MAUs were visiting the site via mobile devices.

Google's ad network is fragmented across multiple platforms, while Facebook's ads are mostly found on its website and mobile app. Google has trouble tracking users across multiple platforms due to its dependence on PC tracking cookies, which aren't supported on most mobile devices.

Facebook exploits that weakness by weaving a system of single sign-ons (SSOs) across third party apps and sites. Google has its own SSO system, but it's arguably less popular than Facebook's due to its lack of a major social backbone. Facebook SSOs can also help marketers record "conversions" (purchases or defined actions) after an ad is clicked through to a linked site. Google struggles in that department due to the fragmented nature of its cross-platform ad networks.

Ecosystem growth

But disrupting Google's mobile advertising business is just part of Facebook's long-term plan to connect its user base to a cloud-based "operating system" of its own.

With SSOs weaving through apps and sites, Facebook is basically creating a network of user data which makes its targeted ads more appealing. It also owns Parse, a turnkey service that adds user authentication, push notifications, social media integration, location data, and data analytics into any app. Facebook integrates Parse with app install ads in the News Feed, which makes it an attractive all-in-one solution for hosting and promoting mobile apps. By collecting developer subscription fees, Facebook gains a way to profit from iOS or Android app sales without distributing it through an app store.

Facebook also recently launched its own video hosting and news publishing platforms, which could keep users in its ecosystem for a longer time. Facebook user already spends plenty of time per day on the site, so those new features could be bad news for rival sites:

Site Facebook Google.com LinkedIn Twitter Time spent per day (in minutes) 19:02 18:16 7:38 7:24

Facebook is also evolving its Messenger stand-alone app into a mobile platform. Mobile payments, sticker sales, and e-commerce integration could eventually evolve the app, which has over 600 million active users, into a new source of revenue.

It might seem odd to refer to this scattered network of apps and features as an "operating system," but that's exactly what Facebook is becoming -- a cross-platform OS which weaves through apps and sites while adding features to "lock in" users.

The key takeaways

Facebook's greatest strength is its massive user base. It's unlikely that any rival network will come close to topping a billion users within the next few years.

Meanwhile, Facebook, Instagram, and WhatsApp will all likely keep gaining users. As long as Facebook retains those users, marketers will line up and ad prices will remain high. That, in turn, will provide Facebook with the capital it needs to keep evolving and expanding its ecosystem. Privately held Genesys in talks with potential buyers: WSJ Call-center software company Genesys Telecommunications Laboratories Inc is in talks with potential buyers, the Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday.

The Daly City, Calif., company is in initial talks with private equity firms and technology companies for a deal that could value it at more than $3.5 billion including debt, the Journal reported, citing sources familiar with the matter.

However, the discussions may not lead to a deal, the report said.

A Genesys representative told Reuters the company does not comment on rumors or speculation.

(Reporting by Anannya Pramanick in Bengaluru; Editing by Ken Wills) Carl Icahn and son say Apple will still introduce TV, car: CNBC An employee cleans inside the Apple flagship store on 5th Avenue in New York April 22, 2015. The leaf on the Apple logo was tinted green after midnight in honor of Earth Day at Apple's 24hr store. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid

Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn and Brett Icahn, his son and portfolio manager, on Tuesday stuck to their views that Apple Inc (AAPL.O) would introduce a television set and a car.

The elder Icahn, in an interview with cable business channel CNBC, also said his disagreement with the technology giant was over the company not doing bigger share buybacks.

"I believe they will do a TV," Icahn said, added that "the one thing that I disagree with the company on is not buying a great deal more stock."

Brett Icahn said: "We believe they're going to do a car."

Carl Icahn owned about 53 million Apple shares at the end of the first quarter, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission filing.

In an open letter to Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook on his website on Monday, Icahn said Apple should be trading at $240, nearly double its current price, and he believed the company was poised to enter the television market by 2016 and the automobile market by 2020.

The Wall Street Journal, citing sources familiar with the matter, reported Monday that Apple had scrapped plans to introduce an ultra-high-definition television set more than a year ago.

Icahn portfolio manager David Schechter said: "It is dangerous to assume that they re not going to introduce new products in new categories in the future."

Icahn, who has pushed Apple to boost buybacks since announcing his stake in the company in August 2013, said his prodding had helped the company. Apple boosted its repurchase program in April to $140 billion from $90 billion announced last year.

"I think I helped the company, I think I did, and I think few could deny that some of my influence, maybe some, helped them to buy more stock, and that s all I m trying to do again," Icahn said.

Apple shares added 0.4 percent at $130.67.

Icahn also said ride-sharing firm Lyft Inc was "growing in a compelling way" and that, if rival Uber was worth $50 billion, Lyft was worth far more than $2 billion. He said his Lyft investment of $100 million was "risky."

Icahn also said the failed proxy battle by Nelson Peltz of Trian Fund Management against U.S. chemical conglomerate DuPont (DD.N) was a "shame," and proof "the system is dysfunctional."

Icahn was not immediately available for comment.

(Reporting by Sam Forgione in New York; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe) Apple Inc's Latest Acquisition Could Hurt Google Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently acquired GPS firm Coherent Navigation, a developer of high-accuracy navigation systems, for an undisclosed amount. Coherent's system is more accurate than consumer-grade global positioning systems, which are generally accurate up to three to five meters. It can also acquire a user's position within a few seconds, compared to up to 40 seconds for a traditional GPS.

Coherent was founded in 2008, and previously worked with Boeing, satellite network operator Iridium, and the U.S. Department of Defense. It also worked on various robotics and autonomous navigation projects.

This isn't Apple's first investment in the location-tracking space. Since 2009, Apple purchased a series of small mapping firms, including Placebase, Locationary, and Hopstop. In 2012, it launched Apple Maps, which combined some of that in-house tech with licensed technologies from TomTom. There's also been lots of buzz about Apple possibly buying Nokia's (NYSE:NOK) HERE Maps division.

All these moves suggest that Apple is serious about growing Apple Maps' presence against Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Maps.

The evolution of Apple Maps

Apple mainly relies on hardware sales to drive its top line growth, yet location-tracking abilities generally help mobile software and advertising based companies like Google.

Last quarter, less than 9% of Apple's revenue came from software services like iTunes. Apple's fledgling mobile ad platform, iAd, only accounted for 0.3% of its top line last year, according to eMarketer's estimates. Therefore, improving the accuracy of Apple Maps won't directly boost the company's top line growth.

25% of U.S. smartphone users (iOS and Android) currently use Apple Maps, compared to 47% who use Google Maps, according to Comscore estimates. By comparing those figures with Apple's U.S. market share of 43%, we can estimate that roughly 58% of U.S. iPhone users use Apple Maps.

Why 58% isn't good enough

58% sounds like a solid percentage, but it's not enough to prevent Google's ecosystem from creeping into iOS with ecosystem apps like Maps, YouTube, Gmail, Google Now, and Google Drive.

Since Apple doesn't want iOS devices to generate search and ad revenues for Google, it started replacing Google services with its own. That's why it dropped Google Maps for Apple Maps, and replaced Google with Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Bing in default Siri and Spotlight searches. Bing will also likely replace Google as Safari's default search engine later this year.

Therefore, if Apple boosts Apple Maps' adoption rate in iOS to 100%, it will hurt Google's ability to gather location-based search data from iOS users. This means that apps like Google Now, which depend heavily on location and routine tracking, will be much less effective on iOS devices.

Google Now also represents a threat to Apple Watch. If Google makes Android Wear devices compatible with iOS, Google Now will deliver location-based cards to users' wrists, effectively tethering them to the Android ecosystem.

Long-term benefits

Curbing Google's growth on iOS devices is definitely Apple's priority, but we shouldn't overlook the long-term benefits of improved location-based tracking services.

If Apple plans to eventually invest in autonomous cars, as current rumors suggest, a highly accurate GPS service could be helpful. Google, for example, is currently remapping roads in a time-consuming, high-detail process to make them compatible with its autonomous cars.

Apple also reportedly has a small R&D team for developing augmented reality devices like Google Glass and Microsoft's HoloLens. These devices, which overlay digital imagery over real world objects, could benefit from high-accuracy location tracking. Tasks which require locating objects or individuals with a high degree of accuracy could also be made much easier with Coherent's technology.

The key takeaways

Investors shouldn't read too much into Apple's smaller individual acquisitions. But when they're made in a series -- like its location tracking acquisitions -- we should understand the bigger picture.

Apple's short-term goal is to boost the adoption rate of Apple Maps on iOS devices to prevent apps like Google Now from scaling the walls of its tightly controlled ecosystem. It's not about gathering user data or boosting ad revenue -- it's simply about widening its defensive moat. But over the next few years, a beefed up Apple Maps might play a part in the development of autonomous cars, augmented reality devices, or other products. 
2015-07-16
Stock Update (NASDAQ:GOOGL): Google Inc Announces Second Quarter 2015 Results Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) announced financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2015.

 Our strong Q2 results reflect continued growth across the breadth of our products, most notably core search, where mobile stood out, as well as YouTube and programmatic advertising , said Ruth Porat, CFO of Google.  We are focused every day on developing big new opportunities across a wide range of businesses. We will do so with great care regarding resource allocation. 

Q2 2015 Financial Highlights

The following summarizes our consolidated financial results for the quarters ended June 30, 2014 and 2015 (in millions, except for per share information; unaudited):

Three Months Ended

June 30, 2014 Three Months Ended

June 30, 2015 Revenues $ 15,955 $ 17,727 Increase in revenues year over year 22 % 11 % Traffic acquisition costs (TAC) $ 3,293 $ 3,377 GAAP operating income $ 4,258 $ 4,825 GAAP operating margin 27 % 27 % Non-GAAP operating income $ 5,138 $ 5,957 Non-GAAP operating margin 32 % 34 % GAAP net income* $ 3,351 $ 3,931 Non-GAAP net income $ 4,104 $ 4,829 GAAP diluted EPS for Class A and B common stock* $ 4.88 $ 4.93 GAAP diluted EPS for Class C capital stock* $ 4.88 $ 6.43 Non-GAAP diluted EPS for Class A and B common stock and Class C capital stock 5.98 $ 6.99 *GAAP net income and diluted EPS include Net Loss from Discontinued Operations for the three months ended June 30, 2014.

Operating income, operating margin, net income, and earnings per share (EPS) are reported on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP operating margin exclude stock-based compensation (SBC) expense from continuing operations. Non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS exclude SBC expense from continuing operations, net of the related tax benefits, as well as the impact from Net Loss from Discontinued Operations. Non-GAAP diluted EPS also excludes the impact from the adjustment payment to Class C capital stockholders. These non-GAAP measures, as well as free cash flow, an alternative non-GAAP measure of liquidity, and non-GAAP constant currency revenues and growth, are described and reconciled to the corresponding GAAP measures at the end of this release.

Adjustment Payment in Relation to Class C Capital Stock Distribution

In May 2015, we paid $522 million to the holders of Class C capital stock in the form of approximately 853 thousand shares of Class C capital stock and $47 million of cash in lieu of fractional shares of Class C capital stock, in accordance with the settlement of litigation involving the authorization to distribute Class C capital stock (the Adjustment Payment). The Adjustment Payment was allocated to the numerator for calculating net income per share of Class C capital stock from net income available to all stockholders and the remaining undistributed earnings were allocated on a pro rata basis to Class A and Class B common stock and Class C capital stock based on the number of shares used in the per share computation for each class of stock. The weighted-average share impact of the Adjustment Payment is included in the denominator of both basic and diluted net income per share computations for the three and six months ended June 30, 2015.

Q2 2015 Financial Summary

Revenues and Monetization

Revenues by source (in millions; unaudited):

Three Months Ended

June 30, 2015 Change from Q2 2014 to Q2 2015 (YoY) Change from Q1 2015 to Q2 2015 (QoQ) Google websites $ 12,402 13 % 4 % Google Network Members  websites 3,621 2 % 1 % Total advertising revenues* 16,023 11 % 3 % Other revenues 1,704 17 % (3) % Revenues $ 17,727 11 % 3 % *Advertising revenues are generally reported on a gross basis, consistent with GAAP, without deducting TAC.

Had foreign exchange rates remained constant from the second quarter of 2014 through the second quarter of 2015, our revenues in the second quarter of 2015 would have been $1,103 million higher with a constant currency growth rate of 18% year over year. This includes a foreign exchange rate impact of $1,574 million, offset by hedging gains of $471 million related to our foreign exchange risk management program. Our constant currency revenues are presented in the financial tables following this release as well as in the accompanying materials on the Investor Relations website. (Original Source)

Following earnings results, Google shares are up 7.53% to $647.71 in after hours trading. GOOGL has a 1-year high of $608.91 and a 1-year low of $490.91. The stock s 50-day moving average is $552.57 and its 200-day moving average is $546.21.

On the ratings front, Google has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. In a report released today, BMO analyst Daniel Salmon upgraded GOOGL to Buy, with a price target of $670, which represents a potential upside of 13.7% from where the stock is currently trading. Separately, yesterday, Deutsche Bank s Ross Sandler maintained a Buy rating on the stock and has a price target of $670.

According to TipRanks.com, which ranks over 7,500 financial analysts and bloggers to gauge the performance of their past recommendations, Daniel Salmon and Ross Sandler have a total average return of 11.7% and 9.6% respectively. Salmon has a success rate of 76.7% and is ranked #598 out of 3707 analysts, while Sandler has a success rate of 57.2% and is ranked #388.

Overall, 4 research analysts have assigned a Hold rating and 18 research analysts have given a Buy rating to the stock. When considering if perhaps the stock is under or overvalued, the average price target is $640.13 which is 8.6% above where the stock opened today. Google stock skyrockets after strong earnings beat Shares of Google Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% skyrocketed in after-hours trade Thursday after the company reported much stronger-than-expected second-quarter earnings. Google continued to improve search and YouTube advertising revenues, reporting net income of $3.9 billion, or $6.51 a share, compared with a year-earlier profit of $3.4 billion, or $4.96 a share. Excluding one-time items, Google reported non-GAAP earnings of $6.99 a share, topping average analyst estimates of $6.70, according to FactSet. Total revenue increased 11% to $17.7 billion from $16 billion a year ago, virtually in-line with Wall Street expectations. Total advertising revenues were up 11% year-over-year, while traffic acquisition costs as a percentage of advertising revenues fell to 21% for the three months ending June 30, from 23% in the same period last year. Shares of Google jumped nearly 7.5% in after-hours trade following the results. Gemalto shares fall on worries over Apple E-Sim card challenge The shadow of an attendee is cast below a logo of Franco-Dutch technology firm Gemalto during a news conference in Paris February 25, 2015. REUTERS/Gonzalo Fuentes

LONDON Gemalto shares fell sharply on Thursday, with traders citing concerns that its SIM card manufacturing business might be impacted if U.S. tech company Apple launched a rival e-Sim card.

Traders cited a Financial Times report that Apple and Samsung were in talks with telecom groups to launch the e-Sim card as weighing on Gemalto's shares.

Gemalto shares were down by 5.1 percent, underperforming a 0.9 percent rise on Amsterdam's benchmark stock exchange.

Gemalto's shares had already been hit earlier this year after it posted disappointing 2014 revenue growth figures in March.

(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Alistair Smout) No hanky panky: SEAsia apps woo investors with local expertise Developers of smartphone dating app Paktor log in to their accounts to show their Paktor profiles at their office in Singapore July 16, 2015. REUTERS/Edgar Su

SINGAPORE Manila office worker Catherine Anunciacion, 28, wanted new friends so she joined Peekawoo, a dating app made for women that emphasizes fun and companionship - and nothing more.

Peekawoo is one of several dating apps set up by Southeast Asian start-ups to cater to the millions of tech-savvy, time-poor millenials living in largely conservative societies where dating too often is frowned upon and casual sex is taboo.

Investors are also attracted to the apps' potential in a region where consultants KPMG says 60 percent of the population is aged below 35, and where incomes are rising.

Funding details are scarce, but Vertex Venture, a unit of Singapore state investor Temasek Holdings, participated in two funding rounds worth a total $12.5 million for app Paktor, while Peekawoo has raised $100,000 from investors including Kickstart Ventures, a unit of Philippines' Globe Telecom.

"Dating websites, like real estate and job portals, touch on a fundamental need," said Justin Hall, principal at Golden Gate Ventures, which invested an undisclosed amount in Thai dating app Noonswoon. "In Southeast Asia, there is massive potential."

Homegrown apps hope their understanding of local cultural norms will give them a leg up over global rivals such as U.S.-based Tinder, which has millions more users but which is seen as a conduit for finding sexual partners, as well as friends.

To allay female members' concerns about unwanted advances at face-to-face meetings, Peekawoo initially offered chaperones on request and Singapore-based LunchClick makes checks to ensure its local users are really single.

"Our members have to know that this is no hook-up app and there is no hanky-panky," said Zuraimie Ismail, the founder of Mat & Minah, an app for Muslims seeking to find a potential spouse on their own, and not through family matchmakers. The apps' moderators remove photos that are considered inappropriate, such as women in bikinis.

But, like most apps, making money out of a service that is initially offered for free is a challenge.

Many apps are linked to user Facebook profiles, which makes it possible to roll out targeted advertising.

Some, like Paktor, the region's most popular app with some 5 million registered users, offer in-app purchases: members can buy virtual gifts to potential sweethearts, as well as tickets to singles' events organized by the start-up behind the app.

Mat & Minah users pay to see who liked their profile while LunchClick offers a "love assistant" who, for a fee, will hand-pick potential dates. It is also looking into striking deals with restaurant booking apps.

"The dating business has never had an issue with making money," said Singapore entrepreneur Joseph Phua, who set up Paktor more than two years ago to cope with his own heartbreak.

For many users, like Manila resident Catherine Anunciacion, main appeal of these apps is their relative wholesomeness.

"Peekawoo doesn't have the kind of vibe that attracts individuals who are looking for a hook-up," said Anunciacion, who works for an international freight firm. "Interactions have been comfortable so far: no creep encounters!"

(Editing by Miral Fahmy) Global banks to steer clear of Iran until sanctions finally go LONDON/FRANKFURT International banks and most insurers are likely to steer clear of dealing with Iran for some time, fearing they could face more fines from U.S. regulators despite this week's nuclear deal between world powers and Tehran.

With almost 80 million people and annual output of some $400 billion, Iran will be the biggest economy to rejoin the global trading and financial system since Russia emerged from the ruins of the Soviet Union over two decades ago.

But while Iran is trying to come in from the cold, many of the sanctions imposed over its nuclear programme are likely to stay for months and those that are lifted can be rapidly restored if the deal falters.

U.S. and European banking restrictions, for example, will be lifted only when the International Atomic Energy Agency has verified that Iran is keeping to its side of the bargain.

The layers of sanctions also include U.S. anti-money laundering legislation, and any breaches could lead to banks being cut off from the U.S. dollar clearing system.

"There s a real hesitancy for the right reasons," said Washington lawyer D.E. Wilson, former acting general counsel at the U.S. Treasury, whose Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) enforces the legislation. "The banks don t want to get into trouble."

There are tentative signs of a financial thaw. In one of the first steps to normalise trade between Britain and Tehran, the UK's export credit agency told Reuters on Thursday it was planning to review Iran's creditworthiness.

But Germany's largest bank by assets, Deutsche Bank, said it would consider doing business in Iran only when sanctions disappear.

"Deutsche Bank will continue to adhere to all U.S. and EU sanctions against Iran," it said in a statement. "The bank closely monitors the implementation of the nuclear agreement and related sanctions and will reconsider its position if sanctions are lifted in areas of relevance to the bank."

Deutsche has yet to reach a settlement with U.S. officials over suspicions that it may have breached sanctions in dealings with Iran. The bank has already paid about 9 billion euros ($9.8 billion) in U.S. and European settlements and fines in the past three years, and faces more U.S. penalties in the Iran case.

Germany's second biggest lender Commerzbank declined to comment. In March, Commerzbank agreed to pay U.S. authorities $1.45 billion after it joined the ranks of European banks to acknowledge moving funds through the U.S. financial system for countries such as Iran and Sudan.

British banks will also be cautious given past experiences, industry sources said. They are generally pulling out of business likely to stir controversy and slimming their international operations in response to recent scandals.

HSBC was fined $1.9 billion in 2012 by U.S. regulators for violations including doing business with Iran, while Standard Chartered paid $667 million in 2012 for violating U.S. sanctions and a further $300 million after more compliance shortcomings were uncovered.

"Global banks are unlikely to rush in until the ground rules are clearly laid out by the U.S," an executive at a major bank based outside the United States.

U.S. banking groups JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup declined to comment.

Lenders further afield are also playing safe. "Some banks that can operate lawfully beyond the reach of the OFAC sanctions have chosen as a matter of bank policy not to engage in any Iran dealings ... The juice isn t worth the squeeze," said Les Carnegie, who specialises in international trade and national security matters at law firm Latham & Watkins.

Global transaction services organisation SWIFT said on Tuesday current European Union sanctions remained in place which included "measures prohibiting companies such as SWIFT from providing specialised financial messaging services to EU-sanctioned Iranian banks".

FIRST STEPS

Still, parts of Britain's financial services industry - which includes the Lloyd's of London insurance market - will be vying for business in Iran.

Government department UK Export Finance (UKEF), which provides banking and insurance guarantees to support British exporters, said on Thursday it would initiate "a review of Iran to assess creditworthiness, in light of the new agreement, and the expected positive effect on the Iranian economy".

However, it added that Iran had to clear arrears with UKEF "to a large degree" before full cover could be restored.

Nigel Kushner, a director with the British Iranian Chamber of Commerce association, said trade prospects would depend on Iran complying with a "multitude of obligations".

"The reality is that there will be no tangible change in the EU or U.S. sanctions regime for at least six to nine months at best," said Kushner, a London-based sanctions lawyer.

Industry sources said that while some insurers were gearing up for a resumption of business, they were unlikely to make any moves yet.

Helen Dalziel, senior market services executive at the International Underwriting Association, said the British Treasury had issued a notice to insurers saying its previous guidance remained in place. "They re not recommending trade with Iran at present," she said. "Essentially, nothing's changed for our members and won t change for several months, we believe."

Insurer Allianz said it would adjust its business "if and when the steps specified in the political agreement have been implemented".

A similar message was given by CityUK, a trade association working to promote UK financial services overseas. "Our focus will be on the need for a clear and consistent policy on sanctions and their operation," said Gary Campkin of CityUK.

Under interim accords reached between Iran and world powers, Iran was allowed to secure insurance cover to transport oil cargoes - Tehran's main revenue earner - for approved business.

The interim agreement was renewed on a six-month basis and most ship insurers - known as P&I clubs - remained wary of entering into contracts.

The International Group of P&I clubs, whose members provide liability cover to 95 percent of the world's tanker fleet, said it was difficult to say when EU and U.S. legislation would be repealed or rolled back.

"In the meantime clubs should advise members with an interest in trading to Iran to proceed with extreme caution and continue to seek independent advice before committing to trade contracts," it said in a note this week.

($1 = 0.9170 euros)

(Additional reporting by Carolyn Cohn, Sinead Cruise, Huw Jones, Simon Jessop and Matt Scuffham in London, Karen Freifeld in New York, Brett Wolf in St Louis and Yeganeh Torbati in Washington, writing by Jonathan Saul; editing by David Stamp) 
2015-04-26
Google Inc.'s Chrome Update Could Be a Game Changer for Android Devices Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently added push notifications from websites to the desktop and Android versions of Chrome. The update is significant, since it gives websites the ability to deliver notifications to devices, even if the Chrome browser isn't running.

When users visit supported websites -- such as eBay, Pinterest, Vice News, and Product Hunt -- they will be given an option to activate push notifications. Let's take a closer look at why this update could be a game changer for Android devices.

What is Google up to?

With the update, any company with a mobile website -- not just those with apps -- can deliver push notifications to mobile devices. That strategy tethers users to Google's ecosystem while blurring the lines between Android, mobile websites, and mobile apps.

This complements Google's recent "mobile friendly" update, which downgrades sites not optimized for smaller smartphone screens. A recent TechCrunch study found that the update would impact over 40% of Fortune 500 company websites.

On PCs, the update complements Google's plans to take over Windows systems remotely via Chrome. The Chrome browser can already be used to remotely access PCs via the Chrome Remote Desktop app for Android and iOS devices. Since Chrome bookmarks are automatically synchronized between PCs and Android devices, the update can allow websites to push notifications to both.

Why is this a priority for Google?

Many companies develop native mobile apps to deliver push notifications. Those native apps can hurt Google if users rely on them instead of Google Search or its Chrome browser. Native apps can also get tethered to Facebook's ecosystem via single sign-ons, which deliver user data to the social network instead of Google. Last August, comScore reported that mobile apps are used almost seven times as often as browser-based sites.

Google needs to generate search and ad revenue through its search engine, and to accumulate user data from visits in Chrome. Native apps cut Google off from both. To prevent companies from widening the gap between mobile apps, mobile sites, and Android, Google is trying to pull more websites back under a common umbrella. With the Chrome update, companies that don't want to maintain both mobile websites and apps can simply add notifications to the former.

Google also recently let third-party websites deliver customized cards to Google Now. Those cards, which can be delivered to the mobile app or Android Wear smartwatches, are basically big push notifications. Integrating that system with Chrome-based push notifications would be the logical next step, opening up a line of communication between websites and wrists.

Potential challenges

Google's plan sounds simple, but its execution won't be. To deliver push notifications to PCs and Android devices, websites must be updated with a high-level, hard-to-use HTML5 feature known as Service Worker.

Chrome notifications also won't be compatible with iOS devices, which further complicates coding issues. Other players also make the issue more complex. Apple added notifications on Safari for the desktop, but they don't work on iOS devices. Mozilla is also developing its own Firefox-based notification system.

With a 17% global market share on desktops, Chrome is the second-most-popular Web browser in the world after Microsoft's Internet Explorer. But even that market clout might not convince developers to embrace different desktop and mobile notifications systems for multiple operating systems and browsers.

Google's moves could be interpreted as anti-competitive efforts aimed at tightening its grip on websites worldwide. This could be a big problem, since Google faces an antitrust probe in Europe regarding search bias and its app bundling practices on Android.

Should we hope Google succeeds?

Google has three main advantages over Apple and Mozilla. First, Android powered 77% of the world's smartphones in 2014, according to IDC. Second, it made website-based push notifications work on mobile devices before Apple. Third, its position as the world's top search engine gives it tremendous influence over websites dependent on its search rankings.

But if Google succeeds, companies will need to exercise restraint in delivering notifications. If websites deliver too many messages or promotions, they could turn the Android notification shade or the PC desktop into a river of spam. Annoyed users would turn the feature off for individual websites, companies would stick with native apps, and mobile apps and mobile sites will drift further apart.

The takeaway

In mobile devices, Google is losing control of Android to rivals that are stripping its services from the OS. Meanwhile, Internet users are bypassing Google's search engine and jumping straight to specialized travel, shopping, or business review websites.

Google's push notifications for Chrome are intended to widen its defensive moat against those disruptive trends. Whether it succeeds, however, will depend on how many partners support that effort. India's Ratan Tata buys stake in Chinese phone maker Xiaomi Ratan Tata, chairman of the Tata Group, speaks during the annual general meeting of Tata Consultancy Services in Mumbai July 1, 2011. REUTERS/Vivek Prakash

People stand near a logo of Xiaomi ahead of the launching ceremony of Xiaomi Phone 4, in Beijing, July 22, 2014. Picture taken July 22, 2014. REUTERS/Jason Lee

MUMBAI Ratan Tata, chairman emeritus of the holding company of India's Tata conglomerate, has acquired a stake in Xiaomi Technology [XTC.UL], a deal that is likely to bolster the Chinese phone maker's presence in the world's third-largest smartphone market.

Financial details of the unspecified stake bought by Tata in Xiaomi, the first by an Indian, were not disclosed in the statement issued by the Chinese company on Sunday.

Xiaomi, the No. 3 global smartphone maker, was valued at $45 billion after a December funding round.

Tata, a respected business leader who was the chairman of salt-to-software Tata Sons for more than two decades, has previously invested in Indian start-ups, including online retailer Snapdeal.

Tata'a investment in Xiaomi comes against the backdrop of an aggressive push by Xiaomi in India after entering the market, which has huge growth potential with just one in 10 people using smartphones, in July 2014.

On Thursday, Xiaomi hosted its first global launch outside of China in the Indian capital New Delhi, unveiling its feature-heavy Mi 4i model that supports six Indian languages at 12,999 rupees ($205).

Xiaomi and other Chinese smartphone makers are drafting in cricket teams and Bollywood stars to conquer India, their largest overseas market and a key testing ground for their international expansion.

"Mr. Tata is one of the most well-respected business leaders in the world. An investment by him is an affirmation of the strategy we have undertaken in India so far," Lei Jun, founder and chief executive officer of Xiaomi said in the statement.

"We are looking forward to bringing more products into India," he said.

(Reporting by Neha Dasgupta; Writing by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Clara Ferreira-Marques and William Hardy) 
2015-03-08
How Big a Threat Is Google Wireless to AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, and T-Mobile? Self-driving cars. Internet-beaming blimps. Computerized eyewear. Clearly, tech giant Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is a company whose ambitions know no bounds.

In a little under two decades, Google has ballooned from a research project by a few Stanford doctoral candidates into one of the most ubiquitous companies in the world. Its success is already legendary, and Google shows no signs of slowing down. In another example of its unbridled ambition, Google recently gave more details on a potential challenge to wireless giants AT&T (NYSE:T), Verizon Communications (NYSE:VZ), Sprint (NYSE:S), and T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS).

Google goes wireless

In a presentation at this week's Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Google executive Sundar Pichai reiterated the search giant's plans to enter the U.S. wireless market. This comes after Google in January announced it had reached a deal to leverage spectrum from Sprint and T-Mobile for its own branded wireless service.

Google insists its motivations are technical in nature, and that it harbors no grand intention to challenge AT&T, Verizon, Sprint, or T-Mobile. According to reports, Google's forthcoming wireless technology will seek to interact between available cellular signals from its partners (T-Mobile and Sprint presently) and Wi-Fi networks. The aim is to create a service that can seamlessly route a user's cellular activity through the most powerful available signal source at any given time.

It's unclear whether Google has any further technological advances up its sleeve. According to Pichai, Google plans to keep its wireless offering relatively small and largely aims to demonstrate these still-unseen technological advances as a blueprint for possible industry-wide improvements. That very well could be true, but telecom investors should probably take Google's announcement with a grain of salt for several reasons.

Google Fiber's guerrilla tactics

Although it has no shortage of other non-core "moon shot" initiatives, Google has demonstrated a decided interest in several aspects of the telecom industry over the past few years. That's enough to call into question its supposedly nonthreatening intentions.

In 2011, Google rolled out its ultra-fast Google Fiber Internet service in a small initiative in Palo Alto, Calif., and a larger-scale market launch in Kansas City, Mo. Since then, Google Fiber has laid the foundation for eventual entry into new U.S. broadband markets including Austin, Provo, Nashville, Charlotte, Raleigh, Durham, and Atlanta.

Beyond these cities, Google has expressed interest in bringing Fiber to large metropolitan areas in California, Arizona, Oregon, Texas, and Utah. Looking at this kind of growth strategy, I think the argument that Google intends to eventually be a major player in the IP delivery space essentially makes itself, regardless of what the company might say about its ambitions. Moreover, Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt previously stated that the company saw Fiber as a major business opportunity, not just an experimental stunt. Hopefully you see the parallel here.

Fool me once...

Google certainly might never intend to expand its wireless service to challenge AT&T, Verizon, and their peers. However, the slow and methodical expansion of Google Fiber should prove an important cautionary tale about underestimating Google's bigger-picture ambitions in the telecom space. Google Fiber is only now coming online in its second market, so it's important to note that the evolution of both Google Fiber and wireless offerings would assuredly take decades and not years -- but that doesn't necessarily alter the potential long-term ambition.

Challenging the wireless majors probably wouldn't prove as logistically simple as Fiber's expansion road map for one very important reason. The lifeblood of the modern telecom business is wireless spectrum, a critical commodity Google doesn't appear to own, at least in any significant amount. That's partly why Google had to strike a deal with T-Mobile and Sprint earlier this year. Google needs to effectively license spectrum from the carriers to power its system, and that could very well provide a critical barrier to its entry in this industry.

It is perfectly logical that Google would eventually be interested in acquiring some of its own wireless spectrum, although how it might go about that remains far from clear. Regardless, obtaining wireless spectrum could enable Google to leverage whatever technological advances its looming wireless project presents, assuming they prove truly disruptive.

Owning spectrum would also play into other aspects of Google's business, especially YouTube. Google has been reportedly nearing the launch of a subscription version of its incredibly popular video site. DISH Network has spent billions on spectrum in the past several years. Its recently launched IP-based Sling TV product could eventually leverage that spectrum to entice increasingly mobile consumers away from their traditional TV providers.

Without getting too far into the weeds, hopefully I've convinced you that there's both a historical precedent and a number of strategic complements that make Google's claims that it harbors no grand wireless ambitions seem somewhat questionable. The company might be more the wolf in sheep's clothing than an altruistic technological innovator here. Only time will tell, but if I were a shareholder in AT&T, Verizon, T-Mobile, or Sprint, I'd certainly be wary about Google's coming entry into this massive market. 
2015-05-31
3 Things Google, Inc. Investors Should Know About Android M Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently unveiled Android M, the next version of its mobile operating system, at its eighth I/O developers conference in San Francisco. The OS is expected to launch in October to coincide with the release of the next Nexus device. Let's look at three new features that could alter Android's role in Google's mobile strategy.

1. Now on Tap

Now on Tap expands Google Now cards into first- and third-party apps. By holding down the Home key, users can scan a current app and pull up cards by scanning the content.

For example, if a friend asks you via email if you want to see a movie, Now on Tap can pull up a card with a summary and brief review of the film. Additional buttons will let you view the trailer on YouTube, check tweets about the film on Twitter, or read reviews on linked apps or websites. The service can also pull up information regarding people, businesses, restaurants, and other topics. To connect apps to this system, developers must implement App Indexing for Google Search in their apps.

This is a clear response to Facebook's growth across third-party apps and sites with single sign-ons that tether users to its News Feed. By connecting those apps to Google Now, Google can still gather valuable user data even if the apps are partially tied to Facebook.

2. Chrome Custom Tabs

Google has struggled with the rise of native apps, which companies often create to deliver push notifications. The more mobile users rely on native apps, the less data Google can gather via its Chrome browser. This problem is exacerbated by Facebook's single-sign-on strategy and the use of Amazon.com's app for product searches.

In the past, developers embedded a "WebView" in an app for users to view Web content. However, WebView wasn't connected to Chrome, where user data like passwords and settings were stored. To solve this problem, Google introduced Chrome Custom Tabs, which will let developers use a Chrome overlay on an active app instead.

This isn't the first time Google has tried to blur the lines between apps and Chrome. In March and April, it started allowing websites to deliver push notifications through Chrome, then lowered mobile search rankings for sites that weren't optimized for mobile devices. All these initiatives are aimed at promoting the use of mobile sites within Chrome over native apps.

3. Fingerprint support and mobile payments

Several Android devices, including Samsung's Galaxy S6, already feature fingerprint scanners. But with Android M, Google will introduce native fingerprint scanning APIs that can be integrated into a wide variety of apps.

This means entering passwords on mobile apps and sites could become a thing of the past. But just like Now on Tap and Chrome Custom Tabs, fingerprint scanning APIs are also another way for Google to tighten its grip on apps that could be straying into Facebook's ecosystem.

One of the main uses for native fingerprint scanning is Android Pay, the near-field communication service that is partially replacing Google Wallet. Google introduced Google Wallet in the U.S. in 2011, but the payment system never caught on due to Softcard, a competing platform backed by AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile, which blocked Wallet on most of their handsets.

Google acquired Softcard earlier this year, but Android Pay still faces intense competition from Apple Pay, Samsung Pay, and CurrentC. Google announced that Android Pay will be accepted at 700,000 retailers, which is roughly the same number of retailers that accept Apple Pay. Samsung Pay reportedly works at over 30 million retail locations, while CurrentC is accepted at about 110,000.

The key takeaway

All these Android M upgrades are intended to strengthen Google's mobile defenses against the growing ecosystems being established by Facebook, Amazon, Apple, and Samsung.

Google is leveraging Android, its greatest mobile strength, to tighten control over third-party apps running within its OS and websites that are viewed in Chrome. It's unclear if those tactics will hold its rivals at bay, but at least Google can gather fresh data from new sources without resorting to single sign-ons. Why Would Google Inc. Want to Get Into Toys? Would you buy stuffed animals from Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) for your kids? Google thinks you might, according to a recent patent filed by the company's secretive Google X division.

The patent filing describes a smart teddy bear that can detect a child's voice and movements, "gaze at the source of the social cue," "interpret the command" via cloud-based servers, then respond by expressing curiosity, tilting its head, furrowing its brow, or scratching its head. The device could also be used to control smart home devices like smart TVs and thermostats. Google notes that the device should be "cute" so that young children will find it "attractive."

A Google-powered super toy would certainly be a fascinating way to introduce kids to technology, but it also conjures up visions of Chucky hijacking smart homes. Are smart toys are entertaining or creepy? Will a market ever exist for them?

Taking toys to the next level

Google has already merged tech with classic toys. Earlier this year, Google and Mattel (NASDAQ:MAT) teamed up to update the latter's classic View-Master with VR technology. The approach was simple: Stuff the same parts used in Google Cardboard into a View-Master to introduce virtual reality environments to children.

Mattel also experimented with the idea of cloud-connected toys by introducing Hello Barbie, a cloud-connected Barbie that can have two-way conversations with kids and download new stories from the Internet. However, a consumer advocacy group accused Mattel of using the dolls as "creepy" data-collecting devices. ToyTalk, which developed the chat technology, notably has a legal policy which states that it can "use, store, and transcribe" the recordings to improve speech recognition and AI algorithms, and use them for "other research and development and data analysis purposes."



A start-up called Elemental Path is also developing similar toys, known as CogniToys, connected to IBM's (NYSE:IBM) AI platform Watson. The company's first toy is a prototype dinosaur made of soft rubber. Elemental Path already raised $275,000 in funding on Kickstarter, easily topping its original goal of $50,000.

The idea of virtual assistants collecting data isn't anything new. Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Siri, Google Now, and Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Cortana all "remember" what users ask. Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) has been testing out Echo, an always-on speaker that houses Alexa, its cloud-based virtual assistant. But the idea of repackaging these products as toys that gather data from children is disconcerting.

Conflicts of interest

The main problem with connecting toys to the cloud is that companies monetize that data. IBM, Amazon, Microsoft, Google, and other companies are currently locked in an intense battle in the cloud services market to provide companies and marketers with valuable analytics data.

IBM and Microsoft are hoping that rising cloud revenues will diversify the top line away from older businesses with slower growth. Amazon's AWS cloud unit, which has an annual run rate of $6 billion, could evolve into a new pillar of growth alongside its core e-commerce business. Analyzing that data could also help Amazon understand users' shopping habits. Google could also improve its targeted ads by accumulating data from cloud-connected objects. All four companies have "predictive analytics" services, which use accumulated data to predict business trends for companies.

Therefore, convincing consumers to accept cloud-connected smart toys -- no matter how cute or cuddly they might be -- could be tough if parents see them as sneaky ways to gather data and monetize their children.

Market growth potential

But if the public warms up to the idea of smart toys, the market might expand along with the Internet of Things (IoT). Cisco estimates that the number of connected devices worldwide will rise from 25 billion this year to 50 billion by 2020. Most of those devices won't be toys, but smart objects and appliances might increase mainstream acceptance of always-on, cloud-connected devices.

Meanwhile, the mainstream toy industry is expected to grow at a steady compound annual growth rate of 4.2% between 2013 and 2018, according to research firm Companies and Markets. If companies like Mattel and Google can merge the IoT and toy markets, toy makers could see fresh interest in aging brands, while cloud-based companies like Amazon and Google could gain new ways to gather data.

Let's not get ahead of ourselves

As fascinating as that idea is, Google likely knows that the world isn't ready for cloud-tethered smart toys. The company already faces constant pressure from privacy and consumer advocacy groups about the "right to be forgotten," and its "don't be evil" image was arguably tarnished by leaked FTC documents which revealed allegations of Google employing anticompetitive practices against rivals.

A Google spokeswoman also recently told BBC that "prospective product announcements should not necessarily be inferred from out patent applications," since only some of those ideas "mature into real products or services." Nonetheless, the fledgling smart toy market offers us a thought-provoking glimpse at a possible future filled with toys keeping watchful eyes on our every move. 
2015-04-07
Google: What's The Value Of Voting Power?  Google Inc. vs. China: Here We Go Again! Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently announced that it would no longer register new HTTPS certificates from the China Internet Network Information Center (CNNIC).

HTTPS certificates ensure that a domain actually belongs to the company it's registered to. Since CNNIC handles HTTPS certificates for all web users in China, Google's decision means any users visiting Chinese websites with Chrome will see a security warning. Chrome is the top web browser in China, with a 53% market share in 2014, according to StatCounter.

Users can ignore those warnings and proceed to the site, but Google will basically label all "secure" Chinese sites as "questionable." Google stated that previously issued HTTPS certificates from CNNIC will be marked as trusted in Chrome for a "limited time" through a publicly disclosed whitelist.

Why did Google do this?

CNNIC contracts the HTTPS certification process out to companies known as a certificate authorities (CAs).

Google has accused one of CNNIC's CAs, MCS Holdings, of issuing an unauthorized security certificate that was subsequently used by an Egyptian web company to perform a "man-in-the-middle" attack. This type of attack attempts to intercept communications between a compromised website and a server.

MCS Holdings attributed to the security lapse to a "human mistake," according to CNBC. Google acknowledged that the lapse seemed unintentional, but it still showed that CNIIC "delegated substantial authority to an organization that was not fit to hold it."

In a blog post, Google stated that CNNIC was welcome to "reapply once suitable technical and procedural controls" were implemented. CNNIC responded by calling Google's decision "unacceptable and unintelligible."

Are double standards at play?

Fraudulent HTTPS certificates being used for man-in-the-middle attacks isn't unique to China. Last month, a fraudulent HTTPS certificate was issued for one of its Windows Live Web addresses, sending Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) scrambling to block man-in-the-middle attacks.

The CA which issued it, Comodo, is the largest issuer of SSL certificates, with a 34% market share on 5.4% of all web domains. Comodo quickly revoked the certification, but Microsoft didn't cut ties with Comodo or declare all of its certificates invalid, as Google did with all of CNNIC's CAs.

But in Google's defense, this isn't the first time a Chinese company's security lapse exposed worldwide users to similar attacks. Earlier this year, Lenovo's (NASDAQOTH:LNVGY) Superfish adware, a program preinstalled on many of its laptops, exposed users to similar man-in-the-middle attacks.

Does China still matter to Google?

Regardless of whether or not Google overreacted to the security lapse, the conflict with CNNIC highlights its deteriorating relationship with China.

Back in 2010, Google relocated its search engine from mainland China to Hong Kong, after a two-month standoff over online freedom issues and alleged intrusions from hackers. That resulted in mainland users losing access to Google's search engine. Between 2010 and 2014, Google's share of the Chinese search market, by pageviews, plunged from around 12% to less than 1%, according to market tracker CNZZ. Since then, Google's growth in other markets easily offset its exit from China.

Although most Google services are banned in China, it still sells display ads there, which claimed 12% of all Chinese search engine revenue in 2014, according to China Internet Watch. Google doesn't disclose how much that business is worth, but iResearch estimated that the company generated $260 million in ad revenues from mainland China during the third quarter of 2014.

Not as bad as it seems

Google's conflict with the CNNIC might hurt the company's chances of ever bringing its search engine back to China, but the near-term impact should be minimal.

The Chinese government already discourages the use of HTTPS certificates for Chinese sites, since they can't be accessed in transit by the Great Firewall. As a result, CNNIC-issued HTTPS certificates only account for less than 0.1% of all certificates on the Internet. Moreover, the CNNIC will likely be recertified after it addresses security issues with its CAs.

The bottom line

The dispute between Google and CNNIC highlights interesting trends tech investors should be aware of.

Chrome's popularity still gives Google a lot of clout in China, while display ads still generate decent ad revenue. Those strengths, combined with its robust worldwide growth, mean Google doesn't have to eagerly kowtow to the Chinese government's demands.

Meanwhile, dangerous hacks are worming their way into preinstalled software on laptops and fraudulently registered websites. Therefore, Google's response to CNNIC -- while arguably heavy-handed -- was necessary to tighten security standards. Google Inc. Hates This App, But 28% of Americans Love It A Dec. 2014 survey by PageFair revealed that 28% of U.S. Internet users use Eyeo GmbH's Adblock Plus, a popular ad-killing extension and app for major web browsers and Android.

41% of those users were millennials, who comprise a large portion of the critical 18 to 49-year-old demographic for advertisers. The survey also estimated that 5% of worldwide Internet users, or 144 million people, are using Adblock Plus. Ironically, most of that growth came from Google's own Chrome browser, which was designed to tether Internet users to its ecosystem.

Those figures are troubling for Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), the biggest seller of display ads on the Internet. Let's examine the financial impact of Adblock Plus and what it means for the future of Google and Internet advertising.

What Adblock Plus means for Google

Last quarter, Google's paid clicks rose 14% year over year, but cost-per-click (CPC) slipped 3%, indicating that ad traffic rose while revenue per ad declined. If Adblock Plus or similar programs shut down ads before they reach viewers, Google's paid clicks and CPC growth could suffer.

In 2013, Google booted Adblock Plus from Google Play, forcing Android users to manually download the app. A few months later, Google and other companies reportedly started paying Eyeo to "whitelist" certain ads. Eyeo earns 30% of the potential ad revenue from those unblocked ads, according to The Financial Times.

PageFair estimates that prior to that deal, Adblock Plus cost Google $887 million in potential ad revenue in 2012. Granted, that was equivalent to only 2% of its ad revenue that year, but it made sense to reduce future losses by paying Eyeo. However, Adblock Plus users can still manually configure the extension or app to block whitelisted ads.

PageFair also reported that Adblock Plus usage surged nearly 70% worldwide between June 2013 and June 2014. That rapid growth could give Eyeo a lot more bargaining power with Google, Yahoo, Microsoft, and other advertisers.

What this means for marketers

The majority of PageFair's surveyed Adblock Plus users expressed "some willingness" to receive less intrusive ad formats, yet they "strongly rejected" intrusive ad formats like popovers and interstitial (full-screen) ads which temporarily block out an entire site or app.

This strongly suggests that marketers should explore newer advertising methods. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) popularized "friending" and "following" companies. Pinterest made it cool to "pin" brands, which led to the launch of "promoted pins" last March. The Gap and other companies have experimented with "geo-fencing" strategies, which deliver coupons to mobile devices when users approach physical ads at bus stops or other locations.

All of these strategies are smarter alternatives to old-fashioned text and display ads which can be killed by ad-blocking software. Yet not all marketers are embracing next-gen advertising solutions. As of last December, two groups of French publishers -- GESTE and the French Internet Advertising Bureau -- were mulling a lawsuit against Eyeo, on grounds that AdBlock Plus threatened their businesses.

No, ad-blockers won't kill Internet advertising

The rise of ad-blocking software won't kill off Internet advertising. Research firm eMarketer expects annual worldwide digital ad spending to rise from $160.2 billion to $213.9 billion between 2015 and 2018. As a percentage of total media ad spending, digital ads are expected to climb from 27.9% to 32.3% during those four years.

Instead, ad-blocking software should be considered a positive catalyst which will encourage stubborn advertisers to replace dated pop-up, banner, text, and full-screen ads for less intrusive advertising solutions.

The bottom line

Eyeo doesn't represent a massive threat to Google, but the changes that it heralds could hurt the search giant. If marketers spend more on social marketing solutions instead of simple display ads, Google could struggle to keep up due to the comparable weakness of Google+. Therefore, investors should understand how ad-blocking software could alter the business of Internet advertising. Saving the Small-Cap Market News

There s no two ways about it: The state of small-cap equities markets in America is not good. Where once a thriving economy of start-ups and growing firms existed that was the envy of the world, now resides a withering, overlooked segment of the stock market that s dwarfed by the major players.

Unfortunately, a lot of America neither knows nor cares about this unfortunate reality. In fact, most people probably checked out before they finished reading the phrase  small-cap equities market.  If you re among those people whose only connection to the stock market is the daily news  check-in on the Dow Jones Industrial Average, you re probably only vaguely familiar with the stock market s biggest players, let alone its smallest. That doesn t mean you aren t affected, though.

Sure, the Apple Inc.'s (AAPL) , Exxon Mobile Corporation's (XOM) , and Google Inc.'s (GOOG) of the world may get the lion s share of the headlines, but it s the small-cap stocks that are creating the lion s share of the new jobs. Without a healthy capital market, the next generation of Steve Jobs  and Larry Pages  won t have the cash they need to take the proverbial big ideas in small garages and turn them into thriving companies.

The Small-Cap Salad Days

Not long ago, the American small-cap market was in an enviable place. Small-cap IPOs were plentiful, young companies with new ideas could get an influx of cash to really build something, and foreign markets looked on with envy at America s ability to keep money flowing to the companies where it would do the most good.

So what happened? The choking off of the small-cap market was largely unintentional. No one set out to make it happen (sorry, conspiracy theorists). Instead, a combination of technological progress and well-meaning regulations combined to create an imperfect storm that strangled these once-vibrant markets.

Every Reg Has its Thorn

Since the dot-com bubble burst in 1999, the markets have undergone a lot of changes. Most of them generally good, helping shift the stock markets into a free-flowing, digital era where information about companies is plentiful, access to markets is easy, and trading is simple, direct, and fluid in a way that investors couldn t even have dreamed of 30 years ago. Unfortunately, many of the regulations geared towards making this transition did so in a way that focused on the markets  larger players to the detriment of its smaller ones.

Two prime examples of this are the so-called  Spitzer Decree  and section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. In both cases, they were necessary and positives reforms, but they lacked the sort of language that would adjust their effects to fit the size of the companies involved.

The Spitzer Decree is named for Eliot Spitzer from his time as the Attorney General of New York. It grew out of the Late Trading & Market Timing Investigations of 2003, when Spitzer was digging into a scandal revolving around the illegal  late trading  of mutual funds by certain hedge funds and mutual fund companies. The  Spitzer Decree  was part of the 2003 legal settlement with investment banks that followed this investigation. The Spitzer Decree banned banks from using investment banking fees to directly pay for research products, a troubling conflict-of-interest his investigation revealed to be a major issue.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, meanwhile, was passed in 2002. In the aftermath of the collapse of Enron and several other major corporate scandals (including but not limited to WorldCom and Tyco International), it had become clear that tighter accounting regulations were necessary to restore investor confidence. Sarbanes-Oxley required public companies to improve on their accounting practices. Section 404 included restrictions that public companies have strict internal controls in place to ensure that their reporting would be accurate.

In both cases, the reforms were a net positive (depending on who you ask). They helped create public markets that were safer and more transparent, allowing individual and retail investors to invest in public companies and mutual funds with confidence. However, they also demonstrated that not all stocks are created the same.

The sort of research banned by the Spitzer Decree was essential to small-cap stocks. No one needs a research report to know what Apple does, but that s not so true for those companies that have yet to make a name for themselves.

 Spitzer basically killed the small-cap research industry,  said Dara Albright, Co-Founder of the LendIt Conference, to Equities.com.

Sarbanes-Oxley, meanwhile, created a range of new expenses for all public companies. For larger firms, the new expenses were (arguably) more than manageable. But for a struggling small-cap company? Now, the basic costs of going public represented a heavy burden at a time in a company s life cycle when every penny matters.

However, reforms like the Spitzer Decree and Sarbanes-Oxley are just pieces of a larger puzzle. In fact, the change that may have had the biggest negative effect on the health of small-cap markets was the seemingly innocuous change in tick sizes.

Tick Size Matters

The details of the exact mechanics of how stocks are traded aren t necessarily essential to understanding the markets. Plenty of people whose association with the markets consisted of their 401k or investing in a handful of companies they read about online can get along pretty well without knowing precisely what happens at the point of sale. As such, not knowing what  tick sizes  are is something a lot of investors could be forgiven for.

That doesn t mean it s not exceedingly important, though.

Tick sizes are simply the lowest price increment one uses in buying and selling stocks. Since April of 2001, tick sizes have been normalized at a penny, something that was called  decimalization.  Prior to 2001, stock prices were frequently quoted in fractions of a dollar, anywhere from 1/4 to 1/16. That doesn t SEEM like something that would matter that much. After all, the increments you trade in can only matter so much, right? Wrong, those fractions can actually make a big difference, and dropping the tick size by some 96% caused some serious ripples. Particularly with market makers.

Market Makers the Key to Liquidity in Small-Cap Markets

Every stock needs a market maker, a firm that buys shares from sellers and sells them back to buyers. Market makers create liquidity and ease trading by creating a pool of shares, not unlike the way leaving a little slack in a rope can allow it to feed through a machine more smoothly. Without a market maker, a big buyer might get to market and not be able to find enough sellers to fill her order or vice versa.

Market makers take profits by selling a share of stock for one tick more than they buy it for   what s known as the  bid-ask spread.  So, larger tick sizes meant larger bid-ask spreads, and bigger profits in market making. That hidden fee was fine with everyone when buying and selling stocks still involved having someone wade onto a trading floor to complete transactions. However, with exchanges moving online and digital, market makers started to become increasingly obsolete middle men. They were still necessary, but their presence was becoming less and less valuable for the biggest stocks.

 [A stock like] Apple is innately liquid. Tens of thousands of investors are watching Apple every minute of every day,  David Weild, the founder of Weild & Co. and the former Vice Chairman of Nasdaq, told Equities.com.  Apple is followed by many, many stock analysts on both the buy- (institutional investor) and sell-side (Wall Street firms like Morgan Stanley (MS) and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS) ). Apple trades  symmetrically,  which is to say that there are likely hundreds, if not thousands of buyers and sellers offsetting each other at any given point in time. 

In the case of these big stocks, decimalization made a ton of sense. Smaller bid-ask spreads meant more of the money flowing through the markets was ending up in the hands of investors and companies rather than market makers. That meant more capital where it would do the most good. Besides, mega-cap companies frequently trade millions of shares a day, so market makers were still doing pretty well for themselves, even if they only made a penny a share.

Small-Cap Markets Driven by Bid-Ask Spreads

However, the markets aren t just made up of mega-cap companies like Apple. There s also a lot of small-cap companies out there struggling to carve out a place for themselves. For them, liquidity is a lot harder to come by.

 Small-cap equities often take considerable time to break through the noise and find an investor audience,  said Neal Wolkoff, the former CEO of the American Stock Exchange and founder of Wolkoff Consulting Services, to Equities.com.  Until that time comes, they need to be viewed differently from Fortune 500 companies, whose stocks have greatly benefitted from the reduction in transaction costs brought about by decimalization. With smaller cap companies, trades tend to happen less frequently, and price movements can be more volatile than they are with large caps. The risk to the market maker/intermediary to take one side of a trade is greater when he may need to hold that position because of limited liquidity, and face the risk of an adverse price move. 

So, small-cap stocks appeal to market makers much less than a company like Apple. Unfortunately, small-cap companies also need those market makers way more than Apple.

 [Most] markets require an intermediary to provide a quote that allows a trade to happen at a fair price, and at a time when the investor wants his execution to occur,  Wolkoff added.  Remove the market-maker, the broker, and the dealer from the market, and that process discourages investor participation and harms an issuer who is trying to build a following. 

Weild agrees.

 Small companies are innately illiquid. Very few if any investors are watching a given small company stock at any point in time,  he said.  The small company may have no equity research coverage from either the buy- or sell-side as Wall Street loses money covering small company stocks. Small company stocks trade  asymmetrically,  which is to say that when there is a big buyer it is unlikely that there will be a matching seller, and when there is a big seller it is unlikely that there will be a matching buyer. 

Smaller tick sizes meant better efficiency for the major companies, though it also erased the incentive market makers needed to offer support to smaller players.

 Market makers ... would buy at the $10.00 bid and sell at the $10.25 ask price, booking a handsome 25 cent profit,  said Weild.  As a result of these rich incentives, market makers deployed quite a bit of capital to support the  asymmetrical  trading nature of small company stocks and make them trade  symmetrically   . These small-cap markets were liquid and profitable, and so Wall Street invested in them with research, broker sales attention, and capital commitment. This attracted investment dollars from sophisticated institutions, which caused stock prices to rise and more companies to go public. 

 In 1998, the US converted to electronic markets with smaller and smaller price increments. This was through something called  Regulations ATS  (Alternative Trading System). Immediately, the $0.25 price increment collapsed to 1/32 or $0.03125 per share. That caused an 87.5% loss in maximum profit incentive for Wall Street to make markets in small company stocks   overnight.   At one cent tick sizes, Wall Street loses money supporting small companies, so they really have cut their support of small companies to the bone. 

A Safer, Healthier Market Unless You re the Little Guy

On the whole, the collective result of these reforms has been to create a stronger, more trustworthy market   it has meant less fraud, corruption, and conflict of interest, making for a friendlier market for investors in many ways. However, it has also led to a complete lack of after-market support for those companies that need it the most, meaning that fewer and fewer companies have even bothered taking the plunge into public markets at all.

 The United States now has the lowest tick sizes in the world, and that this has caused an abandonment of support for small company stocks, causing the US small IPO market to drop from 1st place to 12th place,  said Weild.  However, weighted for the much larger size of our economy, the United States is now in 24th place out of the 26 markets tested, ahead of only Mexico and Brazil. We think this has had a disastrous impact on the US economy. 

From 1980-2000, there was an average of 311 new IPOs a year. From 2001-2009, that number plummeted to 102. In and of itself, that two-thirds decline in IPO volume is disconcerting. However, it s even more pronounced for small companies   a more-than 80% decline from 165 a year to 30 a year. With little to no support for small caps, and increased costs of being a public company even as the benefits have steeply declined, fewer and fewer firms see any good reason to take the plunge.

By now, some readers are undoubtedly wondering  Why should we care?  Is it just because we love the plucky underdog? Are we suggesting this is a serious issue solely because we admire the fighting spirit of these small caps?

No. The reason why it should matter to everyone is because those start-ups are the primary, if not the only, source of job growth in our economy. A system that enriches larger companies at the expense of small caps  ability to raise capital chokes off economic growth for everyone. It s bad news for Main Street and Wall Street alike.

Start-Ups are the Engine of Economic Growth

Big, established companies may employ the majority of American workers, but they re also stagnant in terms of growth. When taken as a whole, the jobs they add are more than counter-balanced by the ones they eliminate. Not so for a start-up. These are aspirational companies, bringing new ideas to the market that can create new economic activity.

A Kauffman Foundation paper by Tim Kane reveals that from 1992 to 2006, firms in their first year of existence created an average of three million jobs a year. Those numbers rapidly decline by the second year, particularly when you factor in just how many jobs are destroyed in those later years.

In fact, since 1977, start-ups created about three million jobs a year, plus or minus a couple hundred thousand. For existing firms, that figure was only positive one out of four years. More often than not, existing companies show a net loss in jobs.

 The lack of economic incentive has caused the number of IPOs to drop from a projected 900 IPOs a year to an average of 140 IPOs a year, and the number of NASDAQ- and NYSE-listed companies to drop from a projected 13,000 publicly listed companies to 5,000,  said Weild.

The moral of the story? Mega-cap companies are great in their own ways, but they ve already arrived. For the most part, the actual creation of new economic activity has already taken place. The number of people employed by existing mega-cap companies is going to hold steady, at best. It s not being a mega-cap that creates new jobs, it s growing to that size, making it the small-caps and start-ups that really matter.

Liquidity Keeps Small-Caps Solid

Long term, the best thing for the American economy is to have money flowing easily to small companies in the early stages of their existence. That s hard to argue. A stock that trades with liquidity is typically an essential piece of the process for raising money   money that s essential to turning these start-ups into a revenue machine like Apple or Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) .

 A liquid stock serves as a form of currency for acquisitions, competitive compensation and hiring of new talent,  said Wolkoff.  A liquid equity market is also essential for the company to be able to further fuel its growth through the capital markets by returning for subsequent issues when growth demands new capital. 

This is something that was echoed by R. Cromwell Coulson, President and CEO of OTC Markets (OTCM) when Equities.com spoke with him.

 There s lots of academic research that says more liquidity lowers your cost of capital,  said Coulson.

But liquidity for smaller companies doesn t come easily.

Firstly, small-cap stocks are a lot riskier. They re more volatile with much more pronounced price swings than your standard blue-chip stock would ever see. That can mean either much bigger gains or much bigger losses. There s more opportunity there for those with an appetite for risk, but it can scare away a lot of investors, as well. Investing in IBM (IBM) may not make you rich, but the odds of you losing it all are pretty slim.

Secondly, there s a certain inertia to liquidity. In a huge stroke of irony, liquidity is easy to come by when you already have it, and pretty hard to create if it s not already there. When a stock has low liquidity, it s harder to buy and sell, driving away potential investors. If you decide to sell an illiquid stock, there may not be enough buyers to take it off your hands. The stock may then drop in price between your decision to sell and the moment you can actually execute the sale, adding an extra layer of risk to your already volatile position.

That, unfortunately, has a snowball effect.

The increased risks scare away a lot of investors, which reduces liquidity even further, thereby increasing risk even more, which scares away more investors, which reduces liquidity see where I m going with this? It s a vicious cycle.

Are Private Markets the Solution?

Some would argue that what we re seeing is actually companies relying on private markets for capital, avoiding going public in favor of venture capital, then selling to larger firms before going public. However, even if that s the case, it still presents a troubling new vision of our capital markets.

 With such inhospitable stock markets, mergers and acquisitions have become virtually their only outlet to realize value for their hard work,  wrote Weild in a 2011 op-ed for The Wall Street Journal.  And as we've so often seen during this tough economy, M&A generates job cuts, not new jobs. 

Publicly-traded companies also have the benefit of offering everyone a chance to buy their stock. Public markets offer an opportunity for anyone to participate in corporate profits. Even if it s extremely indirect, like a mutual fund held in a 401k, it s still giving Main Street a chance to get in on the game.

This is not the case for most private financing. While the JOBS Act has opened up bold new avenues for raising private capital, like equity crowdfunding, the options for investors who aren t accredited are still fairly limited (though, the SEC very recently appeared to have taken an important step towards potentially remedying this). Accredited investors, defined by the SEC as individuals with a net worth of $1 million or an income of $200,000 in each of the last two years, have a range of options that don t exist for the rest of the investing public.

So, a lack of small-cap IPOs means that the non-accredited investors of the world are getting cut out of the potentially substantial returns created by start-ups. In fact, despite stock trading being only a click away for most people, today s non-accredited retail investor has fewer opportunities than ever. Rather than a system where companies are encouraged to go to the general public to raise capital, and subsequently broadly share the rewards of success, we appear to be headed to an economy that saves the shot at the biggest returns for a small slice of the wealthiest investors.

And this point shouldn t be overlooked. One of the truly wonderful things about public markets is that they create an avenue through which any American can share in the massive corporate profits racked up by the market s biggest players. For all the focus on how the stock markets can be elitist and exclusionary, they can just as easily be a force for democracy in our economy. Plus, the private equity markets are positively aristocratic when compared to our public markets.

Giving every American a chance to share in the prosperity our nation is creating has to be an important part of capital markets. Even if it s indirect, taking the form of mutual funds or ETFs getting bought up by 401ks or pension funds, it s something that should be encouraged. Incentivizing start-ups to go public rather than relying on private money isn t just about investment bankers and market makers, it s about a vision of the American economy that works for everyone.

The Definition of  Small  Gets Bigger

So what s to be done about this? We re all better off when start-ups and small-cap companies have an easier time raising money, but how do we convince more people to take the plunge? How do we grease the wheels of the capital market to make them work for everyone, not just the wealthiest investors and the biggest companies? Is it even possible to make the necessary changes?

Short answer: Yes. This is hardly a situation that can t be remedied. Investing in small-cap stocks is actually one of the best investments you can make. Sure, there s volatility and risks that don t exist in fixed income or large-cap stocks, but the potential for higher returns more than make up for that.

 The definition of what s small has grown if you re talking about the investment perspective, because research has really been cut back in the small-cap arena. It really provides for a lot of opportunity,  Robert Maltbie, managing director and founder of Singular Research, told Equities.com.  If you do your homework, you can actually find companies that run undercover, forgotten, misunderstood, or not understood at all. They re mispriced, consequently that s where the real opportunity is. 

What s more, there s arguably more opportunity to build a healthy market for small-cap stocks than ever. While the internet gave rise to many of the regulatory changes that are currently handcuffing small caps, the information age has also created an environment that could be ideal for the small-cap investor. We are living in an unprecedented era for the availability of company information, arming investors with an array of resources that even top-level investment bankers would have envied 30 years ago.

 When you think about the quality of an experience the investor can get from their online broker in the past 15 years, how much that s changed, it s unbelievable,  said Coulson.  The amount of data that s out there, the very places they can go for free data to premium data, the competing services on the Internet. The easy ability to look at not only trading data from the company, but company data, company IR websites  

With just a few common sense changes and regulatory fixes to create an ecosystem for small-cap stocks that actually makes sense, it s not hard to imagine that we could not just return our small-cap markets to the healthy state of yesteryear. Perhaps we could even forge a new age of prosperity for small-cap companies, unlike anything we ve seen before.

Small Change is in the Air

One positive change could already be on the way. The SEC heard the cries about how penny tick sizes were killing the opportunity for market makers in small-cap markets, and put together the Tick Size Pilot Program to address the issue.

The pilot will take companies with a market cap of $5 billion or less and a per-share price of at least $2 and offer the chance for participants to trade with a tick size of $0.05 for one year. If this demonstrates increased liquidity and support from market makers, the odds are good that the drum beat for change could continue to crescendo.

Weild, though, thinks it doesn t go far enough.

 The current proposed SEC Pilot Plan calls for only a one-year pilot and only five-cent tick sizes,  said Weild.  We believe this is inadequate because many market makers are not likely to recode systems to participate in a pilot that is one year in length. 

 Weild & Co. believes that we should have a long-term pilot (five years) that tests five-cent and 10-cent price increments (in addition to the one cent price increment that is used on all listed stocks today),  he continued.

Take All Your Problems, Break  em Apart

Additionally, the  right-sizing  of some other regulations could further improve conditions. Certainly, overturning Sarbanes-Oxley or the Spitzer Decree in their entirety isn t in the cards. However, creating exceptions in these rules for those companies that are struggling to get by could reap real benefits.

A lot of the impetus behind Sarbanes-Oxley was the fact that companies like Enron and WorldCom represented major players, so their collapse presented a real systemic risk to the stock markets as a whole. These were the sort of supposedly safe stocks that you could find in 401ks and low-risk mutual funds. With small-cap stocks, there s no such systemic risk associated with a collapse or scandal. The idea that some small-cap stocks may ultimately fail and/or collapse is really sort of baked in, if you will. If a company is cooking its books, it s going to burn some individual investors pretty badly, but it s hardly going to run the risk of crashing the whole market.

And, to be sure, easing regulations like these does increase the risk of fraud. Small-cap markets have higher rates of dishonest players and pump-and-dump schemes, and easing regulations would likely only make it a little easier to cheat investors. However, there are other ways to minimize the effects of bad actors that won t choke off opportunities for good ones. In the end, accepting the possibility of a few bad apples in the hopes of creating an enivronment that can produce multiple bushels of good apples that you would never get otherwise makes sense. And there are still plenty of ways to improve on how we identify and remove those bad apples.

Same for the Spitzer Decree. Conflict of interest for research reports is a serious issue, but if those are clearly disclosed, allowing investment banks to use fees to help introduce small-cap companies to their clients could go a long way towards getting investors to dip their toe into markets they otherwise might overlook completely. Again, what was a massive problem on a large scale could be much more manageable on a small one.

Both of these were among the recommendations made by President Obama s Jobs Council in 2011, and the proposals there provide an excellent framework for potential reforms.

As Goes the Small-Cap Market 

Ultimately, the health of America s small-cap markets is crucially important to the American economy, even if relatively few Americans really understand that. Capital markets that keep money flowing to the entrepreneurs and innovators bringing new ideas and products to the market are capital markets that create new jobs and build prosperity. Ultimately, everyone, whether they have a steady job at a massive corporation or just got hired at a budding start-up, is better off when the small-cap players of the market are getting a chance to test their ideas in the open market.

As such, ensuring that the incentives in our markets are guiding the most capital possible to the place where it does the most good would seem like a no-brainer. And yet, capital markets have taken a real hit over the last 15 years. Sure, the changes were a result of good intentions, but that doesn t mean that, at this point, we can take stock of how these changes have functioned and seek out reforms that will make the most of our public markets.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer US announces first antitrust e-commerce prosecution The U.S. Department of Justice's antitrust division on Monday announced its first prosecution specifically targeting Internet commerce, saying a man has agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to illegally fix the prices of posters he sold online.

David Topkins was accused of conspiring with other poster sellers to manipulate prices on Amazon.com Inc's (AMZN.O) Amazon Marketplace, a website for third-party sellers, from Sept. 2013 to Jan. 2014, according to papers filed in San Francisco federal court.

The Justice Department said Topkins also agreed to pay a $20,000 criminal fine and cooperate with its probe. His plea agreement requires court approval.

Contact information for Topkins' lawyer was not immediately available. No one answered a phone call to a David Topkins listed in San Francisco.

Topkins was accused of conspiring with other poster sellers to use algorithms, for which he wrote computer code, to coordinate price changes, and then share information about poster prices and sales.

The Justice Department said this activity violated the Sherman Act, a federal antitrust law, by causing posters to be sold at "collusive, non-competitive" prices.

"We will not tolerate anticompetitive conduct, whether it occurs in a smoke-filled room or over the Internet using complex pricing algorithms," Assistant Attorney General Bill Baer of the Justice Department's antitrust unit said in a statement. "American consumers have the right to a free and fair marketplace online, as well as in brick and mortar businesses."

Amazon Marketplace competes with eBay Inc (EBAY.O) in letting merchants sell goods online. It is separate from Amazon's business where the Seattle-based company sells books, electronics and other goods online.

Amazon was not charged in the case against Topkins. It did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

The charge against Topkins carries a maximum 10-year prison term and $1 million fine, the Justice Department said.

The case is U.S. v. Topkins, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, No. 15-cr-00201. 
2015-04-03
3 Things You Need to Know About Google Inc.'s Tiny New Chromebit Computers Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been pushing the boundaries of computers with its Chromebooks.

These devices, which look like a Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows or an Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) laptop, run the search giant's Chrome OS. They offer much of the functionality of a traditional computer but have limited on-board storage and computing capacity. Instead Chromebooks rely on Google's Web infrastructure, such as its word processing and spreadsheet apps.

Chromebooks are heavily Web-based and are less useful when not connected to the Internet. They're not full-fledged computers but they work fine for their intended purpose. As a Web-browsing machine that can access a limited, but useful, family of apps the devices work well. Add in the fact that they generally cost less than traditional laptops and they're a great value especially in the education market or as a secondary, nonwork machine.

Now, Google has expanded its Chrome-based computer line to include the Chromebit, a device from Asus (NASDAQOTH:AKCPF) that resembles the company's Chromecast streaming video stick. It's a bold new design profile for a computer which opens up all sorts of possibilities.

The Chromebit is very portable

As you can see above the Chromebit looks like a slightly hefty USB flash drive. It's actually a full computer inside a tiny package that plugs directly into an HDMI port on any monitor. You'll need to supply your own keyboard and mouse, but the tiny stick has the same innards as a standard Chromebook.

The Chromebit comes with 2GB of RAM, Rockchip's 3288 processor, and 16GB of storage.

"By simply plugging this device into any display, you can turn it into a computer," Google engineer Katie Roberts-Hoffman wrote in a blog post. "It's the perfect upgrade for an existing desktop and will be really useful for schools and businesses."

The idea of a computer that slips into your pocket is not completely unique -- Intel showed one at the Consumer Electronics show this year -- but Google's has the potential to establish the category as viable.

"Asus actually really pulled off a marvel of engineering here, squeezing everything into this size," said Caesar Sengupta, Google's product management vice president said during a press event announcing the product.

Chromebit also has a USB port that can be used to power and connect peripherals like a keyboard or a mouse. It also supports Bluetooth 4.0.

It's one of the cheapest computers sold

Chromebooks, which can be purchased for as little as $149, already lowered the price people would have to pay for computer-like functionality. The Chromebit, which Google has only said will cost "less than $100," will be one of the cheapest fully functional computer devices being mass marketed to the general public.

The only really comparable devices are sub-$100 Windows 8 tablets like the HP Stream which has a seven inch version with a list price of $99.99. That device however is a tablet and while it runs Windows 8 and can use Microsoft Office, it's not marketed as a computer due to its relatively low-powered processor.

Chromebit (and Chromebooks in general) are sort of tweener devices. They have limited processing power but Google has engineered the experience to make them work in a computer-like fashion.

It can turn your TV into an entertainment center

While Google did not push this in any of its announcements, the Chromebit is a cheap way to turn your television into an Internet connected entertainment center. The tiny device has a fully functional Chrome browser that can be used to access most websites.

"One potentially interesting scenario is to use one of these stick computers as a home theater PC, streaming online content to a big screen while staying out of sight," wrote CNET. "Streaming media sticks from Roku, Amazon and others are another way to add streaming media to a TV, but those solutions lack the native Web browsing ability of something like the Chromebit and its ability to use any cloud-based service, website or app."

Chromebit makes it easy to turn your TV into a computer-like device that has benefits beyond those offered by pure streaming video players. In addition to the entertainment possibilities, you could also check your email or even use your television as a secondary computing device.

Google is delivering a new form factor which offers convenience and a ton of flexibility at a price that makes it worth trying even if its full potential has not quite been discovered. Exclusive: IBM hire advisers to deal with restless investors - sources NEW YORK/BOSTON Some top shareholders of IBM, disappointed by 11 straight quarters of falling revenues, are seeking help from activist investors to shake up the company, but have been turned down by both Bill Ackman's Pershing Square and Jeffrey Ubben's ValueAct, according to people with knowledge of the matter.

International Business Machines Corp (IBM.N) is concerned about a possible attack by prominent activist hedge funds, and is working with two investment banks to formulate a defense plan, according to the people, who declined to be identified.

When asked for comment, IBM said: "IBM is continuing to execute on our strategy - making investments in growth areas such as analytics and cloud, reinventing our core franchises, and returning capital to shareholders. We are managing the company for the long term."

The storied American technology giant, worth $157 billion today, has struggled to transform itself from a low-margin hardware maker into a cloud-based software and services company.

When Virginia Rometty took over as chief executive at the start of 2012, Wall Street was hopeful that she would be able to kickstart growth. Analysts praised the former systems engineer for her strategic thinking in guiding IBM's acquisition of PricewaterhouseCoopers Coopers Consulting in 2002.

As revenues continued to decline year on year, however, some IBM investors began to lose confidence management, according to people familiar with the matter. Last year, IBM withdrew its long-term operating earnings target for 2015, and shares of Big Blue are now down about 25 percent from a March 2013 high.

Some IBM shareholders are trying to persuade prominent activists to build positions in the company and come up with ways to boost value, people familiar with the matter said.

Pershing Square and ValueAct Capital both looked at IBM in recent months, but passed on making a move, the people said. A spokesman for Pershing Square declined to comment. ValueAct did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

Part of the activist funds' concern was that IBM, whose stock is trading at around $159, is too expensive and the company's structural problems could not be fixed easily, according to several sources.

Another reason, the sources said, is that some investors feel Rometty is doing a good job coping with a tough situation, so she does not fit the role of an underperforming CEO that many activists look for when they make a move.

Once best-known for mainframe computers, IBM has been pivoting to security software and cloud services, but growth in those areas has not fully offset weakness elsewhere. Revenue in 2014 fell to $93 billion, from $107 billion in 2011.

The company, which earns more than two-thirds of its revenue outside of the United States, has been hit hard by the strong dollar and it divested some $7 billion last year. Adjusted for these two factors, revenues were down roughly 1 percent last year, the company noted. Also the company posted $21 billion in pre-tax profit from continuing operations in 2014.

IBM in said in February it is targeting $40 billion annual revenue from the cloud, big data, security and other areas by 2018. It has divested about $7 billion in commoditized IT assets, such as call centers and chip manufacturing, and announced multibillion dollar investments in cloud data centers and its Watson supercomputer system.

NO DISCUSSIONS AT PRESENT

It is not unusual for investors and consultants to try and shop companies to activists. At a time when stock picking is becoming tougher, pressuring companies to buy back shares, spin off units, or replace a CEO can be appealing.

There are currently no discussions between IBM and any activist investor, two of the sources said. Still, the company's advisers are educating IBM's board on how to handle an activist and to conduct a strategic alternative analysis, they said.

Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc (BRKa.N) is a top investor in IBM. With Buffett often siding with management, his presence may make it less appealing for activists to jump in.

"These days no company is safe from an activist looking at it," said Damien Park, who works with large corporations as head of consulting group Hedge Fund Solutions.

"Everyone is on the list and either you already have been approached by an activist or you will be approached by an activist."

The $20 billion Pershing Square helped breathe new life into Canada's No.2 railway, Canadian Pacific (CP.TO), and the $15 billion ValueAct helped engineer a leadership change at Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O).

ValueAct sits on the board of Microsoft, which competes with IBM in some markets. ValueAct may have faced a conflict of interest if it were to take action on IBM.

Other large technology companies that have come under attack from activists in recent years include Apple Inc (AAPL.O) and eBay Inc (EBAY.O), both targeted by Carl Icahn; Relational Investor LLC took aim at Hewlett-Packard Co (HPQ.N); and Elliott Management Corp is pressing EMC Corp EMC.N to spin off VMware Inc (VMW.N).

(Additional reporting by Liana Baker and Olivia Oran in New York; Editing by Tiffany Wu and Ken Wills) 
2015-06-17
Connectivity for pilots and passengers on display at the Paris Airshow Connectivity is a buzz word at this year's Paris Airshow, with a variety of present and future technologies designed to make life easier for both pilots and passengers on display.

French multinational aerospace electrical designers Thales Group has a variety of prototype devices on display at Le Bourget for the two week show, which opened on Monday (June 15).

Their TopMax head-mounted display (HMD) for pilots has attracted much interest, with the likes of French President Francois Holllande and former Prime Minister Francois Fillon visiting the large Thales booth. Fillon eagerly tried out TopMax, which is integrated into the company's Avionics 2020, dubbed by Thales their ''Advanced Integrated Cockpit'.

Thales aviation marketing director Richard Perrot said TopMax was easy to use and could potentially be retrofitted in existing cockpits. A camera on the helmet tracks reflective, coded, stickers attached to the roof of the cockpit, eliminating the necessity for magnetic mapping of the cockpit.

"TopMax is a very light and easy-to-use system that can be fitted in any type of cockpit because the installation is very light," said Perrot. "You just need a few stickers on the overhead panel and then the system has an optical tracking system combined with an inertial system, and it's a very light and very easy to use system."

Aimed at commercial aircraft, which often do not have space for head up displays (HUD), TopMax was developed by adapting Thales's existing HMDs for military pilots. "This system is based on our over 20 years experience within the military field on helmet mounted display system, and for the first time we will introduce it on the commercial aircraft. So we are launching today, we're in the commercial launch of this product, and we aim at having it on board and on the head of pilots within a couple of years from now. Typically we aim to have it on board in 2017."

Perrot says that Avionics 2020 helps pilots by giving them a wider field of view, enabling them to land better in difficult conditions, such as a crosswind. According to Perrot, "it gives a better situational awareness because you're normally limited to one field of view but you have a 180 degree field of view (with the 2020 Cockpit of future). A typical example of advantage is an approach with crosswind, lateral wind, the pilot will be able to see the runway whereas using a conventional system you cannot see in the axis of the airplane."

The French firm is also showing off Shape, an interactive touchscreen-based system for use by traffic control staff. Controllers can select aircraft screen by looking at them, via a small eye tracking device. Multi-touch surfaces and audio outputs, all modeled into an ergonomically designed console with adjustable height for standing or sitting complete the package.

"Shape is an innovative working position for the air traffic controller. It's to speed up the interaction between the controller and the system," said Thales's senior development engineer Sylvain Moos. "We have no keyboard, no mouse. The controller is interacting with the system through the gaze information and the touchscreen."

U.S. conglomerate Honeywell is showing off its Cockpit of the Future on a range of Falcon jets. Sitting aboard a current Dassault Falcon F7X, a revolutionary large-cabin, long range, business trijet, Honeywell Vice President Ken Snodgrass told Reuters the current version of the company's Primus Epic cockpit was at the cutting edge of aviation technology.

"This is the Honeywell Primus Epic cockpit. We're actually sitting in the Dassault F7X. It's one of the most modern cockpits in the world. It has four very large screens, and you'll see things are set up to be very very graphical. So not like the older cockpits where you had a lot of button pushes. There's a lot more now like you use on you mobile phone and also for your tablets," he said.

Snodgrass said the design of cockpits was catching up with the kind of interactive technology common to modern phones and tablets. Snodgrass says the relative lag in introducing such technology has been down to the need to verify all elements of safety. "It takes longer on the technology bringing to aerospace because of safety. We must bring things on, earn their way onboard to bring that technology out to the flight deck in case of a situation in flight. It must be very easy, intuitive for the pilots to use," he said.

Japanese electronics giants Panasonic is showing off its Global Communications Services which the company says aims to enhance an airline passenger's in-flight experience and allow airlines to cement a relationship between consumer and airline. Their range of in-flight entertainment and communications (IFEC) is already in use in a range of airlines such as Etihad, Emirates, and American Airlines.

Panasonic calls its EX3 the most advanced in-flight entertainment system in operation today, allowing passengers to enjoy a wide-range of previously unthinkable activities, including watching live televised sport, surfing the web, sourcing an impressive array of new movies, and even conducting FaceTime with friends and family back on the ground.

Senior integrated marketing manager Matthias Walther said EX3 allowed passengers to enjoy a "seamless travel process", allowing them to enjoy the same facilities in the air as available at home.

"(During) the soccer World Cup last year where we had about four million people watching the World Cup live onboard the aircraft, and that's the passenger side and what we're shooting for, what we're close to really delivering is the seamless travel process for the passenger," said Walther. "There's no difference between the experience that you have on the ground and the experience you have on the aircraft. And from an airline perspective it's a really interesting opportunity for them as it allows them to build and continue their relationship with the passengers that they have on the ground onboard the aircraft."

Other programs are aimed at helping airlines fly more efficiently, while providing real time weather data to meteorologists. According to Walther, these include "operations that help airlines be more efficient in their daily operation whether it's maintenance related or aircraft related. We have weather sensors on some of the aircraft that send weather data back to the ground, we analyze that and either provide that to meteorological companies or back to the aircraft so they can adjust their flight routes and save money."

The international show is the biggest of its kind with 2260 exhibitors from 47 countries. Apple Inc. vs Facebook Inc: Who Can Revolutionize Mobile News? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently announced News, a free newsreader which lets publishers integrate their stories into a native iOS 9 app. The app has a Flipboard-like interface, and publishers can format articles to resemble the ones on their websites. Several major publishers -- including the New York Times (NYSE:NYT), BuzzFeed, Atlantic Media's Quartz, and Disney's ESPN -- will provide content for the app when it arrives this fall.

Yet Apple isn't the only tech giant which wants to gather news in a single app. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) recently announced Instant Articles, which lets publishers publish articles directly within its News Feed. Facebook claims that those optimized articles will load faster than external articles. Many of the publishers that are partnered with Apple, including The New York Times and Buzzfeed, are also signed on with Facebook.

Will this new trend of app-centered news publishing change how mobile news is viewed? Or is the market too fragmented to be conquered?

Apple vs. Facebook: By the numbers

Apple has two core strengths when it comes to tethering users to new apps. Its iPhones account for 18% of all smartphones worldwide, according to IDC, while 83% of all iOS devices have been updated to iOS 8. That unified hardware and software ecosystem enables it to roll out new apps very quickly.

Facebook is the world's largest social network, with 1.44 million monthly active users as of last quarter, and 1.25 billion of those users visit Facebook on mobile devices. Having that many regular visitors makes it a streamlined and focused platform for both advertisers and news publishers. As a result, Facebook's mobile app generated more display ad revenue than Google's mobile display ads last year.

Apple and Facebook are offering publishers the same deals. Publishers can sell their own display ads within their apps and retain 100% of the revenue. However, Apple and Facebook will also sell ads within the app, retaining 30% of the revenue and giving the remaining 70% to publishing partners. Both platforms will "suggest" more stories to read, based on previously read articles.

Apple vs. Facebook: Overlapping ambitions

Launching a dedicated news app can help Apple reduce the time iOS users spend using Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) services like Search and News. That complements Apple's recent moves to carve Google services out of the iOS ecosystem. It's already dumped Google for Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Bing as the default search for Siri and Spotlight, blocked Google Maps on CarPlay, and will enable developers to make ad-blocking extensions for mobile Safari in iOS 9.

Apple's News app would also boost revenue at its tiny ad business, iAd, which houses its in-app and iTunes Radio ads. According to eMarketer, iAd likely only generated $487 million in revenue last year, which would account for just 0.3% of Apple's top line. By comparison, Facebook, the world's second largest Internet advertising company after Google, reported $11.5 billion in ad revenues last year.

For Facebook, a rising dependence on social networks for news represents a golden opportunity for the company and its news publishing partners. According to Pew Research Center's report from last September, 50% of Americans have shared or reposted news stories, images, or videos on social networks. 30% of Americans relied on Facebook for news, compared to just 8% who depended on Twitter (NYSE:TWTR).

Like Apple, Facebook is also shoring up its defenses against Google. The more time users spend within Facebook's walled ecosystem -- which includes its own hosted videos, Messenger, and apps and sites linked via single sign-ons -- the less time they'll likely spend on Google services.

Potential pitfalls

Apple and Facebook are respectively 800-pound gorillas in smartphones and social networks, but that doesn't guarantee the success of their news publishing efforts.

One of the biggest obstacles is market fragmentation. There are already over 1,000 "news reader" apps in Apple's App Store, as well as over 23,000 other "news" related apps. Popular ones include Flipboard, Feedly, Newsify, Google News, and Smart News. News channels and publishers like CNN, the New York Times, and Buzzfeed also have their own apps.

It could be tough for Apple or Facebook to win over people who used to getting their mobile news from those apps. Other social rivals -- like Snapchat's Discover, LinkedIn's Pulse, and Twitter -- are also pulling users in various directions.



Who has the better strategy?

In my opinion, Facebook's strategy makes more sense than Apple's because it's passive. Users simply need to keep using Facebook, sharing articles, and relying on the site for news updates. Publishers within Facebook get faster loading articles, and both parties generate ad revenues.

While Apple has a solid track record with hardware sales, it has a spottier record with first-party apps. Apple Health and Apple Pay, for example, haven't really revolutionized health tracking or mobile payments yet. Therefore, it's unclear if iOS users will even bother installing its News app when it arrives. After Passing on Twitch, Google Inc Launches YouTube Gaming A new player has entered the game. pic.twitter.com/mV5YqHiG0K   YouTube Gaming (@YouTubeGaming) June 12, 2015

For a while there, it really did look like Google (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) was going to scoop up Twitch and roll the service under its YouTube umbrella.

It made perfect sense since YouTube has long been the top destination for online video, and Twitch was doing incredible things in the world of video game livestreaming. News broke last year that Google and Twitch were closing in on a $1 billion deal, but at the last minute Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) swooped in and scooped up Twitch for $970 million.

Google and Twitch reportedly had antitrust concerns and couldn't agree on a potential breakup fee if the deal fell through, so Google walked away. Amazon was happy to seal the deal, though, and might even now be working on creating a new live video offering, which would surely leverage the livestreaming technology and talent that it acquired. Clearly, Google is cognizant of how big video game livestreaming has become. Consider Twitch's breathtaking growth over the past three years in a wide range of key operating metrics.

Metric 2012 2013 2014 Unique viewers per month 20 million 45 million 100 million Minutes watched per month 6 billion 12 billion 16 billion Unique broadcasters per month 300,000 900,000 1.5 million Total videos broadcast per month 3 million 6 million 11 million Partnered channels 3,400 5,100 10,000

It was just a matter of time before Google built its own competing service to get a piece of the action. Enter YouTube Gaming.

1 Up on Twitch?

YouTube Gaming is a brand-new app and site distinct from the main YouTube. That will ensure viewers can find game-specific content when searching. YouTube has put together a new interface that involves three ways to find content: games, feed, and channels. To start, YouTube Gaming will have dedicated landing pages for over 25,000 games, which will display related channels and creators such as game companies. The service launches later this summer and will be available on desktop and mobile.

The new service will actively make recommendations based on user preferences, including channel subscriptions. Broadcasters will be able to interact with viewers through chats. In many ways, YouTube Gaming will replicate everything that Twitch has going for it.

Just a few years ago, you could argue YouTube had an advantage in terms of brand strength, but nowadays Twitch has carved out a very strong brand within its unique niche.

Ready. Set. Fight!

This will indeed be an intense competition to watch unfold in the coming months and years. Twitch's success has caught many industry watchers by surprise. Who thought there would be such a massive audience to watch other people play video games?

Twitch was acquired at the perfect time, just as it was entering hyper-growth mode. The company still operates independently, but now has access to Amazon's much deeper pockets. Livestreaming is capital intensive due to the high amounts of bandwidth required, while Amazon Web Services wields unrivaled cloud infrastructure.

Here's Twitch CEO Emmett Shear when he announced the acquisition last August.

Today, I'm pleased to announce we've been acquired by Amazon. We chose Amazon because they believe in our community, they share our values and long-term vision, and they want to help us get there faster. We're keeping most everything the same: our office, our employees, our brand, and most importantly our independence. But with Amazon's support we'll have the resources to bring you an even better Twitch.

Amazon and Google are already two mighty contenders that compete across a wide range of verticals. We might as well add livestreaming to the mix. 
2015-12-06
Alphabet Inc's New Google Glass Is Bound to Be Another Flop Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) launched Google Glass three years ago, but privacy concerns and its awkward appearance prevented it from gaining mainstream approval. Google stopped sellling the $1,500 device this January, and sent it back to the drawing board as a stand-alone project under Nest founder Tony Fadell.

According to recent FCC filings and leaks, the new device should have a larger prism display, an Atom processor, support for both 2.4Ghz and 5Ghz wireless channels, and target the enterprise market instead of mainstream consumers. Google is also reportedly testing an external battery pack to extend its battery life, and a recent patent indicated that the new version could be a smaller "monocle" instead of a full pair of glasses. While the new device sounds more compact and powerful than the original, I doubt it will fare much better for three simple reasons.

1. Microsoft is ahead of the tech curve

Shortly after the company now called Alphabet pulled the plug on Glass, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) unveiled HoloLens, an augmented reality headset that let users walk on Mars, play Minecraft on a coffee table, enhance Skype calls with virtual whiteboards, or design products with interactive holograms.

Simply put, the HoloLens leapfrogged over Glass and made its single-screen projection look archaic. Alphabet has invested in AR apps through Project Tango and Magic Leap, but these initiatives don't seem connected with Google Glass.

Microsoft will launch the development kit for HoloLens in the first quarter of 2016 for $3,000. That costs twice as much as Google Glass' "Explorer Edition," but many software developers could buy one to create next-gen holographic apps for Windows 10. The final price of the headset, which also targets the enterprise market, should be much lower. Unless Alphabet launches the devkit for the new Glass before Microsoft starts selling the one for HoloLens, it could be left behind the technological curve.

2. Enterprise weakness

Alphabet could also struggle with selling Glass to enterprise customers because it lacks a dominant user base on PCs and mobile devices. Various versions of Microsoft's Windows are installed on nearly 90% of PCs worldwide; 9% of all PCs already run Windows 10. On mobile devices, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) leads enterprise activations. According to Good Technology's third-quarter Mobility Index report, iOS devices accounted for 66% of all enterprise device activations, compared to 31% for Android and 3% for Windows/Windows Phone devices.

Google tried to compete against Microsoft and Apple with several strategies. It targeted small and medium-sized businesses with cheap Chromebooks for Work. It added new enterprise-grade security features in Android 5.0 Lollipop to address claims that Android devices were more hackable than their iOS counterparts. But despite these improvements, Chrome simply can't compete against Windows' compatibility with legacy software and data, while Android still lags behind iOS in security due to hardware fragmentation. Without a firmly established base in either market, Google could struggle to sell AR headsets tethered to its own ecosystem.

3. Going mainstream won't work

If Google's enterprise push flops, falling back on the mainstream market again probably won't work due to the same two problems as its predecessor -- a protruding camera and an awkward appearance.

The original Glass flopped because Google didn't realize that taking pictures with smartphones, cameras, or action cameras in public was acceptable, but that wearing a camera on your face was creepy. Google attempted to make Glass fashionable with Diane von Furstenberg-designed frames, but it didn't understand that people who buy high-priced DVF glasses weren't necessarily interested in Glass' AR features.

Let's not jump to conclusions

While I doubt that the "new" Google Glass will fare much better than the original, we shouldn't jump to conclusions before Google officially announces the device. But if Google wants to market a new AR headset to enterprise customers, it could struggle to match the HoloLens' appeal without a firm foundation in enterprise PCs or mobile devices. 5 Reasons To Buy Google Stock For A Strong 2016 Google continues to set the pace for other tech companies to follow.

Youtube Red provides an exciting opportunity for the company and its investors.

Google's R&D developments indicate a highly bright outlook for the future of the stock.

If companies had an American dream, it would look a bit like Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG). After being founded in 1996, Google has grown to one of the world's largest company, and one of the few businesses with a market cap of more than half a trillion dollars. Getting to this point hasn't been without some trials and tribulations. They had to outcompete internet heavyweights such as Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO). In fact, if Google+ had gained traction in the social media space, they could have greatly extended their lead and posed a threat to Facebook (NASDAQ:FB). There's an attempt to relaunch Google+, but only time will tell how that pans out.

This year Google has been taking some giant leaps forward in order to strengthen their position. This is exemplified by some key investments and an earnings growth of 34.82%. As a result, this has been reflected in the stock price which shot up by 35.5% over the past year. However, Google is set to increase earnings and diversify its interests in 2016. As a result investors can expect significant returns from investing in Google stock.

Below are 5 main reasons why Google is a lava-hot-buy for 2016.

Android

With a market share of the mobile phone market that currently stands at 53.54%, Android has gained 6% from the beginning of the year to date. On the other hand, iOS has a market share of 38.53%. This can be attributed to the fact that the Android experience is on-par with what one could get on iOS. Additionally, Android devices tend to be much cheaper than their iOS counterparts.

Google benefits from Android by baking in more of their own apps and experiences, plus making revenue from each app sale. Due to the fact that manufacturers continue to produce high quality smartphones at low cost, expect Android to play a more pivotal role in the fortunes of Google going forward.

Additionally, as more devices are being introduced into the market, i.e. wearables, and virtual reality, this will provide more opportunities for the world's most popular mobile operating system to expand its reach.

YouTube Red

Content is moving to an a-la-carte streaming model. So far Netflix and Spotify have been able to come out on top. With Youtube Red, Google is offering a highly compelling service. For $9.99, one can have access to an ad-free Youtube experience, 30 million tracks, and exclusive content. Due to the fact that Google has the world's leading advertising network and the most visited video sharing site, the user acquisition rate for this service is likely to be very high.

Netflix has 69 million subscribers and Spotify has 60 million users. Google will be hoping to take a substantial percentage of users into their new service. And due to their brand image and marketing prowess, it could be a game-changer.

This is a smart move by Google, and one that should arguably have come sooner. For now, Youtube Red is only available in America, but there are plans to roll it out globally over the course of 2016.

Boston Dynamics

Google's acquisition of Boston Dynamics allowed it to gear themselves up to enter a next generation defense industry. Boston Dynamics' robots are highly intuitive in the sense that some can walk on all terrains and can regain their balance very quickly.

In fact, in September one of their robots were tested by the Marines. It is worth noting that Boston Dynamics have always enjoyed a great partnership with the American army thereby opening the door for highly lucrative long term contracts in the future.

Boston Dynamics is the most high-profile acquisition, instantly adding world-leading robotics capability, including robots that can walk all on their own, to Google s arsenal   as well as significant links to the US military   conjuring images of Skynet and the artificial intelligence-led robot uprising straight out of the 1984 film The Terminator.

Stability Of Google As A Company

Google's founders have been able to grow from a research project in a garage to a global empire with more than half a trillion dollars as market cap. The company continues to innovate and find new ways to disrupt the market place. For instance they had the foresight to purchase YouTube in 2006, and grow it into the most influential video sharing site on the planet.

Moreover, products such as Google docs, Gmail, and Android have allowed Google to acquire more users in order to provide advertisers with a good return on investment. In fact, advertising made up 90% of Google's total revenue by the end of 2014.

As the company grows, they continue to maintain a positive brand image.

Despite their success, the company is hungry for more and continues to diversify into robotics, automotive, and into cloud offerings.

In order to emphasize the stability of this gargantuan company, it's worth taking a look at their financials.

Over the course of this year Google's earnings have shot up by 34.82%. And with Youtube Red being rolled up next year, improvements to Google's ad platform, and the continued growth of Google's cloud platform, you can expect revenue growth to surge strongly in 2016. It is also worth considering that Google's net income growth outperformed the S&P 500 and is set to grow for the reasons mentioned above.

Self driving cars

Generally speaking most of the world's industries are gearing towards automation in order to drastically increase efficiency. Self driving cars have moved from being a fantasy to an impending reality. And Google has conducted a lot of R&D to ensure that they are well-placed to fully capitalize on the opportunity.

In fact, Uber's CEO mentioned that he wants to ensure that Uber has a self-driving fleet of cars in the future. This could trigger a lot of demand for Google's self driving cars. At this moment in time, Google looks like the closest to making a market-ready product.

However, developing self-driving hardware and software stretches way past the realms of personal transportation. Practically every major industry has a need for the transportation of goods. Therefore, the revenue can be generated by licensing the technology to automotive manufacturers are likely to be significant.

Conclusion

In conclusion, Google continues to innovate, and develop products which meet the needs of consumers. Additionally, their robotics and self-driving cars R&D places them in a good position to gain considerable revenue and diversify their interests. 
2015-11-16
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): A Buy Pivot For This Stock Corey Rosenbloom: Newly crowned Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (formerly  Google  GOOGL) is setting up a buy signal on the Daily Chart.

Let s highlight this pivot and plan the next swing away from this key daily price level.

Cutting straight to the chase, price gapped higher in mid-October and retraced to our current key level.

Focus your attention   and potential trades   on the rising 20 day EMA ($735 per share) and the price trendline overlapping this level.

Buyers are currently bouncing price higher away from this pivot and we could see a short-term swing back to the $770 prior high.

The $735 area is a pivot and we ll note the stop-losses (sell orders) that are clustered under $735 and especially $730.

In the event buyers fail here and price clips under $735, it would likely trigger a quick sell-signal liquidation down toward $700.

Unless that happens, continue to focus on $735 as seen on the hourly chart below:

While the 20 day EMA rests at the $735 per share level, we see the 38.2% Fibonacci Retracement at $731.

Assuming price remains above this Fibonacci and Moving Average level, upside targets extent toward $770.

Focus on $735 and the short-term opportunity as price moves away (either direction) from this pivot level.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Corey Rosenbloom from Afraid to Trade. NBTY, Inc. and Alphabet Holding Company, Inc. to Webcast Year End Conference Call RONKONKOMA, N.Y., Nov. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- NBTY, Inc. ("NBTY") and Alphabet Holding Company, Inc. ("Holdings") today announced that they will webcast a joint conference call to review their fiscal year ended September 30, 2015 results on Wednesday November 18, 2015 at 9:30 AM (ET). Listeners may access the live broadcast by visiting www.NBTY.com or by calling (866) 394-7479.

A replay of the conference call will be available until December 18, 2015 at midnight (ET) by calling (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406. The PIN number for the replay is 80503635.

Holdings is the parent company of NBTY. NBTY is the leading vertically integrated manufacturer, marketer, distributor and retailer of a broad line of high-quality vitamins, specialty supplements and sports/active nutrition products in the United States, with operations worldwide. Holdings and NBTY routinely post information that may be important to their investors on www.NBTY.com.

Investor Relations Contact:

Michael Enright

+1 (631) 200-2067

MEnright@nbty.com

Media Contact:

Andrea Staub

+1 (631) 200-7459

Andreastaub@nbty.com

SOURCE NBTY, Inc. Google Open-Sources TensorFlow: A Preemptive Strike On Competitors? Google is open-sourcing its second-generation machine learning system TensorFlow.

TensorFlow is a powerful AI system general enough to be applicable in a wide variety of domains.

AI and Deep Learning are likely to dominate the computing landscape of the next decade and beyond.

With this move, Google is offering a free alternative to its competitors's AI, and recruiting (for free) an army of new developers to improve its own.

Alphabet Inc-A (NASDAQ:GOOGL) announced that it's open-sourcing its second-generation machine learning system TensorFlow. The Internet giant has open-sourced TensorFlow as a standalone library and associated tools, tutorials, and examples with the very permissive Apache 2.0 license, so single developers, companies and organizations will be free to use TensorFlow in their projects.

Note: You might also be interested in 'Alphabet bets on Visionary Futurist Projects, Investors should bet Too.'

TensorFlow was originally developed by researchers and engineers working on the Google Brain Team within Google's Machine Intelligence research organization for the purposes of conducting machine learning and deep neural networks research, but the system is general enough to be applicable in a wide variety of other domains as well.

"[TensorFlow is] a highly scalable machine learning system - it can run on a single smartphone or across thousands of computers in datacenters," said Google CEO Sundar Pichai. "We use TensorFlow for everything from speech recognition in the Google app, to Smart Reply in Inbox, to search in Google Photos. It allows us to build and train neural nets up to five times faster than our first-generation system, so we can use it to improve our products much more quickly."

Using TensorFlow as a base platform, open-source developers everywhere will be able to improve on current methods used in Artificial Intelligence (AI) research for speech recognition, image recognition, navigation, automated data processing, smart search, and a growing body of machine learning algorithms known as Deep Learning.

"Deep Learning has had a huge impact on computer science, making it possible to explore new frontiers of research and to develop amazingly useful products that millions of people use every day," note AI specialists on Google's Research blog. "Our deep learning researchers all use TensorFlow in their experiments. Our engineers use it to infuse Google Search with signals derived from deep neural networks, and to power the magic features of tomorrow. We ll continue to use TensorFlow to serve machine learning in products, and our research team is committed to sharing TensorFlow implementations of our published ideas."

Make no mistakes - AI and Deep Learning are likely to dominate the computing landscape of the next decade and beyond, including self-driving cars, delivery drones, robotics, intelligent homes, Internet of Things (IoT) networks, Big Data, personalized medicine, smart personal assistants, and human-like user interfaces. That's why top technology companies are betting billions on AI.

The software developers who will use TensorFlow in their projects are likely to follow the standard practices in open-source development - they will leverage their collective brain-power to develop all sorts of improvements to the algorithms initially developed by Google, invent new even more powerful techniques, and place their new developments back into the open-source TensorFlow repository for other developers to re-use and improve upon.

This positive feedback loop typical of open-source development is known for its potential to produce spectacular results in short times. The risk of open-source software projects is that the core developers could run out of money and go, but that's not likely to happen to the TensorFlow project, fully backed by Google's cash.

What's in the deal for Google? Of course, the acquisition of an army of smart, highly trained and self-motivated software developers who will work long nights for free to improve Google's products, is likely to have spectacular effects on Google's business. But Google's move can also be interpreted as a preemptive strike on its competitors in advanced computing and AI.

In particular, IBM (NYSE:IBM) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) are aggressively pursuing their own AI developments. IBM recently expanded Watson, its Artificial Intelligence (AI) platform, with new AI tools in the Watson Developer Cloud. Facebook is becoming one of the most advanced AI research centers in the world, and the company's AI developments have accelerated to the point that AI will surely shape the way humans interact with computers.

By open-sourcing TensorFlow, Google is offering a free alternative to the AI products of its competitors, and recruiting (for free) an army of new developers to improve its own AI products and keep them state-of-the-art. The mid to long term impact on Google stock price is likely to be positive. Only 5 stocks matter in this market and Apple is not one of them In a world narrowly defined by the S&P 500, only five names matter and Apple Inc. is not one of them.

Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -1.29% Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.43% Facebook Inc. FB, -0.14% and General Electric Co. GE, -0.71% combined are responsible for more than 100% of the large-cap index s return this year, underscoring the narrow breadth of the market, according to Goldman Sachs.

 Our index has experienced only 11 narrow breadth periods since 1985, including three during the late 1990s that share several characteristics with the current narrow breadth episode,  said David Kostin, chief U.S. equity strategist at Goldman Sachs, in his weekly report.

Goldman Sachs  breadth index is calculated by assigning each S&P 500 SPX, -0.68% constituent with weights and six-month returns to calculate market breadth on a scale of 0 to 100. The index is currently at 1, among the lowest in 30 years.

 The Breadth index has stayed below 5 for at least two consecutive months just 11 times since 1985,  Kostin noted.

Goldman Sachs

A typical narrow breadth cycle   when a few stocks drive the market   lasts four months and so-called mega-cap stocks with strong balance sheets tend to outperform the broader index. The current phase is only one month old and is likely to persist into early 2016, he said.

While Kostin stressed that narrow breadth is not necessarily a signal for a recession, he also noted the similarities between the current trend and the tail end of the tech bubble in the late 1990s, in particular the forward price-to-earnings ratio.

 S&P 500 forward price to earnings currently equals 16.3x, near the highest level since the tech bubble,  said Kostin.

In sum, if these five stocks were out of the picture, the S&P 500 s return year to date would have been 2.2% lower. The five stocks together account for roughly 9% of the S&P 500 s market cap.

List of top stocks contributing to S&P 500 total return

Goldman Sachs

Apple AAPL, -0.53% a stock with almost cult status given its popularity with investors, contributed 20% to the S&P 500 s total return for 2015, compared with 114% from Amazon, according to Goldman Sachs.

As of Monday, Apple shares are up 2.4% year to date and are off 16% from their 52-week high of $134.54 on April 28. 
2015-10-17
Alphabet Inc. -- Not Apple -- Could Revolutionize the Set-Top Box Pay-TV subscribers spend an estimated $232 per household each year on set-top boxes provided by their cable company. As alarming as that sounds -- considering even the newest high-end set top box from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) costs just $199 -- subscribers often don't have a choice: 99% of subscribers are renting set-top boxes, and the pay-TV providers won't even give them the option of buying them.

A group of consumer-tech companies, including Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and TiVo (NASDAQ:TIVO), are petitioning the FCC to break cable's control over the estimated $19.5 billion set-top-box industry, according to Bloomberg Business. While still a long way off in the future, the coalition could have a drastic impact on cable companies' video subscriber revenues while revolutionizing the way we consume television.

The future of TV is ...

At Apple's September keynote, where it unveiled the new Apple TV, CEO Tim Cook told the audience, "The future of TV is apps." The company showed off a number of apps in the new tvOS app store that provided tons of great content. However, the vast majority of top-quality content is still locked inside the cable bundle, and networks have deals with pay-TV providers that keep most of that content from being accessible through apps.

As a result, proprietary set-top boxes with mediocre user interfaces remain the primary way we access television. Even as digital video consumption has nearly quadrupled over the past five years, time spent watching traditional television among U.S. adults has fallen by just 7% to four hours and 15 minutes every day.

Alphabet and TiVo want to break up pay-TV's hold on set top boxes, essentially rendering cable providers as content wholesalers. (Considering the de facto regional monopolies the government provided cable companies, that should be their position anyway.) That would unlock content for third-party hardware and software makers to integrate into their own set-top boxes. Consumers could have more choice, be free from the high fees associated with pay-TV services' set top boxes, and could finally access a decent user interface.

Opening up pay-TV content to third-party set-top boxes would also enable streaming services to behave just like another cable network -- putting them on equal footing with other premium networks. That's one reason Alphabet is keen to support third-party set-top boxes, since it owns Google and its YouTube subsidiary. YouTube could see a big benefit from listings next to traditional television.

The benefits for TiVo are obvious. The DVR pioneer could more easily replace pay-TV-provided set-top boxes and charge subscribers -- who are already used to paying a monthly DVR fee -- its own subscription fee. TiVo subscriptions start at $14.99 per month.

The cable companies' defense

Cable companies aren't staying quiet as Alphabet et al. ask the FCC to review set-top boxes. A group of pay-TV providers wrote in a joint statement that allowing device manufacturers to reconfigure traditional television content would turn their businesses "into suppliers of programming for commercial use by third parties."

But that's not really accurate. That statement implies that hardware makers would be selling pay-TV subscriptions, but it would be up to consumers to provide the cable TV subscription. Those subscriptions would still be bought directly from pay-TV providers.

The only difference is that consumers wouldn't be forced to pay cable companies $232 per household every year for access to some hardware and software they don't even really want. And, of course, that's revenue the cable companies desperately want. As total video subscribers shrink, these companies are looking for ways to increase the average cable bill.

Many cable companies tout their set-top boxes as differentiators, using them to defend against growing IPTV services from the telcos and ever-present satellite TV options. Still, most set-top box software from pay-TV providers pales in comparison to what's available from third parties such as Apple, Roku, Google, and TiVo.

Bloomberg Business says the FCC is probably still several years away from making a decision, but cable operators had better start making improvements to their set-top boxes fast. Otherwise, they risk losing out on a collective $19.5 billion in revenue. 
2015-08-11
Why Google is restructuring, why the name Alphabet and how it affects you Much more than a renaming, the reshuffle at the US search group suggest there s more going on than meets the eye

If you haven t heard of Alphabet, don t worry: neither had most people in the world until 5pm EST (10pm BST) on Monday, when Google announced a restructuring. When it s all done, the search company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Alphabet Inc, a new holding company headed up by Larry Page, Sergey Brin and Eric Schmidt, formerly the bosses of Google.

It may seem like a simple name change, but the reality is more complicated. Later this year, Google will create Alphabet as a wholly owned subsidiary of itself. Alphabet will then create its own wholly owned subsidiary, which will merge  with and into  Google, leaving Google   through the magic of corporate finance   a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Alphabet. Confused? You re not alone.

So what is Alphabet?

Larry Page, the former chief executive of Google who is now in the same job at Alphabet, has a helpful answer:

Alphabet is mostly a collection of companies.

It is easiest to think of the firm as a holding company, lying somewhere between Warren Buffet s private equity firm Berkshire Hathaway and the massive conglomerate that is General Electric. Like the former, Alphabet won t have any consumer facing role itself, instead existing almost as an anti-brand, designed to give its subsidiaries room to develop their own identities.

But like General Electric, Alphabet mostly owns companies founded and managed internally. Of the major subsidiaries named in Google s SEC filing, such as Google X, the company s experimental division, and its longevity research firm Calico, only one, the home-automation company Nest, joined Google as part of an acquisition. That means that it is unlikely to be anywhere near as hands-off as Berkshire Hathaway, which has just 24 employees, and should give Page, Brin and Schmidt plenty to occupy their time.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest A cyclist and a self-driving car at Google s HQ in California in 2012. Photograph: Justin Sullivan/Getty

What happens to Google?

The old Google isn t going anywhere. While Page describes it as  a bit slimmed down , almost every aspect of Google that typical consumers interact with is staying a part of the new, lighter, Google 2.0. That includes YouTube, Android, Maps and Gmail, as well as the company s search and advertising businesses. What gets hived off are the companies  that are pretty far afield of our main internet products , such as Calico and Life Sciences.

Also separated out from Google are the company s financial wings, soon to be known simply as Capital and Ventures. These have a history of making a lot of money for Google through investing in startups and other stocks, most notably Uber, which the company bought 6.8% of in 2013. That share alone is now worth $3.4bn ( 2.2bn).

In other words, even after this reorganisation, New Google will still be one of the biggest companies in the world. It s just that Alphabet will be bigger still.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Google Maps app on a smartphone. Photograph: Dado Ruvic/Reuters

Will anything change for me?

The short answer is: no. The vast majority of Google s customers only use services that will stay firmly under Google s branding. YouTube, Gmail, search, Maps, ads, Android, photos, and more will be functionally no different from how they exist at the moment.

Some of Google s consumer brands are being shuffled around, however. The biggest of them is Nest, started by Tony Fadell. That company was independent until it was acquired by Google in 2014, and now it will undergo another change in corporate structure, becoming a direct subsidiary of Alphabet.

Elsewhere, if you live in one of the communities served by Google s ultra-high-speed internet provider, Google Fiber, that too is likely to drop the Google branding some time in the next year. But don t expect it to become Alphabet Fiber either.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Nest thermostat is adjusted in a home. Photograph: George Frey/Getty

Sundar Pichai: Meet the new CEO of a 'slimmed-down' Google Read more

Who will head up the new Google?

Once Page, Schmidt and Bryn jump over to Alphabet, Google itself is getting a new chief executive: Sundar Pichai, formerly the boss of Android and then Google s product chief from October 2014. So important is Pichai to Google that some have speculated that keeping him in the company is even the motivation for the entire reshuffle: rumours are flying that Pichai was tempted to jump ship to head up Twitter, and that only a chief executive title could keep him on board.

Would the company really go to all this trouble to keep one man?

Probably not. And it s not clear why Pichai would want to go to Twitter, a company so small that Google could buy it outright using just the $20bn by which its market cap increased following the Alphabet announcement.

Instead, the reshuffle is likely to be motivated by the reasons Page cites in his letter: allowing Google to focus on doing what it does best, without running the risk that the world will change around it and leave the company a dinosaur from another age (take a look at IBM, Nokia or Microsoft for an example of what can happen if a market leader takes its eye off the ball). Meanwhile, the other companies under Alphabet can make the gambles that will bring it dominance in new areas.

Why else might Google have made this move?

Analysts are trying to uncover the unspoken benefits the restructuring brings Google. For one thing, the absurdly complicated method with which it s carried out the restructure suggests that there s more than meets the eye. Why not just change the name of the company, for instance?

The reshuffle may also provide the company a bit of insulation from regulatory issues, particularly in the EU. Google itself is still a massive beast, which will have to tread carefully around regulators, but it will be easier to present firms such as Nest, Calico and Fiber as separate entities if they are only united by a common owner. And, if the worst happens for Google, it would be easier to hive off the subsidiaries entirely.

Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google employees at the company s offices in Berlin, Germany. Photograph: Bloomberg/Getty

But why Alphabet?

A mixture of terrible jokes, grand ambition, and carefully studied banality. The pun comes from the fact that  alpha  is a financial term meaning return on investment above the benchmark, making Alphabet a good Alpha-bet; the ambition comes from the fact that the Alphabet is one of humanity s most important inventions, as well as the implicit claim (in the company s abc.xyz url) that it encompasses everything from A to Z; and the banality comes from the fact that Alphabet is perhaps the most generic name imaginable, perfectly standing for anything and nothing at the same time.

And for those who think that Alphabet sounds like the sinister villain of a James Bond film, we ve got some bad news:  don t be evil  is only Google s motto. Alphabet has no tagline. Alphabet Is Now The Parent Company Of Google Alphabet Is Now The Parent Company Of Google

Co-founder Larry Page announced that the Internet giant is breaking into smaller pieces   pieces that can be "more ambitious" and have "greater focus." The new parent company will be called Alphabet.

RENEE MONTAGNE, HOST:

Google is no longer just one company. Yesterday, founder Larry Page announced in a blog post that Google is breaking up into smaller pieces, pieces that can be, in his words, more ambitious. And this new entity has a new name - Alphabet Inc. NPR's Aarti Shahani explains.

AARTI SHAHANI, BYLINE: With Alphabet, you could say, the writing was on the wall. Let's go back to 1998, the year Google was founded.

(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)

LARRY PAGE: We talked to a couple of different people - like four people or something like that - and all the people we talked to were willing to give us money.

SHAHANI: That's a young Larry Page in a TV interview, alongside his co-founder Sergey Brin, who recalled one specific investor.

(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)

SERGEY BRIN: So he said, you know, I don't want you guys to have to, you know, take too low a valuation or to have to worry too much about these money things right now. Why don't I just write you a check?

SHAHANI: And the guy wrote them a check for $100,000 before they even had a bank account. It's a critical lesson in Google's founding story - great ideas need cash, lots of it, fast - even if the idea sounds out there, like in 2000 when Sergey Brin was giving a speech in New York about the so-called mobile revolution.

(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)

BRIN: Has anyone here used Google on a mobile phone?

SHAHANI: Back when most people didn't have mobile phones, Google had a small research team working on tools to search by voice command.

(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)

BRIN: So you can navigate the entire web using speech, fill out forms, do all of those things, and, you know, it's going take engineering, but it will happen.

SHAHANI: Lesson number two - futuristic technology is not just fantasy. Alphabet Inc. combines these lessons. It's the umbrella for a bunch of standalone companies with ideas that are, in Page's words, pretty far afield - like contact lenses that read blood-glucose levels, cars that drive themselves, drones that deliver mail. Page is CEO, Brin is president, and they oversee the new division chiefs, write the checks and demand results. The new chief of Google is Sundar Pichai.

(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)

SUNDAR PICHAI: Everything we do, we do it at a global scale.

SHAHANI: That's Pichai speaking a few months back at a conference in Spain. His new job is to oversee a slimmed-down Google, which includes Chrome, YouTube, Android, the Play Store, Search - basically every Google product you use.

(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)

PICHAI: At Google, when we focus on problems, we want to work on things which make a difference in people's lives on a day-to-day basis.

SHAHANI: And make sure investors are happy with the results - financial results that is. Google shares will convert to Alphabet shares and continue trading on NASDAQ. Aarti Shahani, NPR News, San Francisco.

Copyright   2015 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.

NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR s programming is the audio record. Cleveland Man's Twitter Feed Explodes After Google Reorganizes As Alphabet Cleveland Man's Twitter Feed Explodes After Google Reorganizes As Alphabet

Google announced the name of its new parent company on Monday, Alphabet. NPR's Melissa Block talks with the owner of the Twitter handle, @alphabet, Chris Andrikanich, about the Twitter.

MELISSA BLOCK, HOST:

Here's the Twitter bio of Chris Andrikanich of Cleveland - dad, husband, self-proclaimed geek. And newly added to that bio - I'm not affiliated with Google Alphabet Inc. That's because Chris Andrikanich's Twitter handle happens to be @Alphabet, and Alphabet is the new parent company of Google. When news of that restructuring broke yesterday, Andrikanich's Twitter feed exploded. And he joins us now to talk about that.

Mr. Andrikanich, what kinds of tweets were you seeing? Did you know what was going on?

CHRIS ANDRIKANICH: It took a few tweets to figure it out. I was getting notifications on my computer, and I started noticing people saying things like, I'm going to be lucky, or, he's going to get paid, I think, was one of the Wired articles.

BLOCK: Oh yeah? And you were thinking, that would be nice, what's (laughter) up with that?

ANDRIKANICH: Yeah, I don't get too many notifications that I'm included in tweets. So when I started getting three, four, five of them back to back to back, one of the tweets had a link to an article and I clicked on it and saw the story and kind of said, oh, well, that explains this.

BLOCK: Yeah? And I saw that you posted at the end of the day yesterday, well, that was an interesting way to end a Monday - which has now been re-tweeted 6.9 thousand times.

ANDRIKANICH: Yeah. I've always been excited since 2007 if I got one re-tweet, so...

BLOCK: And that's when you joined Twitter, right?

ANDRIKANICH: Yes, back in 2007, yeah.

BLOCK: Well, how did you choose the handle @Alphabet in the first place, back in 2007?

ANDRIKANICH: It was pretty easy. When I went to college at Ohio University, I was joining a fraternity and one of the guys said, who is this Chris Andri-alphabet kid?

BLOCK: (Laughter).

ANDRIKANICH: And from there it just kind of stuck as a nickname. So when I would sign up for things or needed a username for a service, I would always start with Alphabet to see it was available. And with Twitter, it was. So I did.

BLOCK: Wow. And you figure you're going to keep your handle? Has there been any outreach from the Google folks or the Alphabet folks to say, maybe you want to surrender that now, we'd like it?

ANDRIKANICH: Nobody's contacted me. Lots of advice on Twitter as to what I should do.

BLOCK: I'm sure.

ANDRIKANICH: (Laughter). I have not heard from anybody regarding the handle.

BLOCK: You mentioned that you've been getting all kinds of advice. What kind of advice have you been getting?

ANDRIKANICH: It's mostly just, you know, hold out for big money because it's Google.

BLOCK: Well, it does raise a question - can you sell your Twitter handle?

ANDRIKANICH: Something I need to look into, I guess.

BLOCK: And you're taking that advice with a grain of salt?

ANDRIKANICH: Well, right now I think I just want to let this die down and go back to just tweeting gibberish.

BLOCK: You know, I've been checking your Twitter feed in the course of our conversation - while paying attention to you, of course - and you have gained a whole bunch of followers just in the few minutes that we've been talking.

ANDRIKANICH: Yeah, I think it was under 900 as of, like, 4 o'clock yesterday, and then as of lunchtime it was, like, 3,500.

BLOCK: Well, it's up to 36 - 3,697. So there you go.

ANDRIKANICH: (Laughter). I don't know why. I just - you know, maybe I should start throwing out some gobbledygook. (Laughter).

BLOCK: Well, Chris Andrikanich, enjoy these 15 minutes at least of fame. Thanks for talking with us.

ANDRIKANICH: Thank you.

BLOCK: That's Chris Andrikanich of Cleveland, Ohio. He tweets @Alphabet.

Copyright   2015 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.

NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR s programming is the audio record. Is Google's Alphabet Move All About Retaining Talent? Wells Fargo CFO Says Scandal Costs Will Abate This Year

44:33 - Wells Fargo CFO John Shrewsberry discusses the company's first-quarter earnings and the fallout from the bank's fake-account scandal. He speaks with Bloomberg's Julie Hyman, Joe Weisenthal and Abigail Doolittle on "What'd You Miss?" (Source: Bloomberg) What does Google restructuring mean for health startup Calico? Google's plan to restructure is raising questions about what will happen to a promising Google-backed startup that aims to advance research and drug development for neuro-degenerative disorders caused by aging.



Calico, an independent company for which Google is the main investor, was formally announced in 2013, and is run by Arthur Levinson the former CEO of Genentech. Last year, it announced that it had entered into a partnership with AbbVie, under which each company would invest $250 million with an option for each to add an additional $500 million. It also said it had entered into a drug development and research partnership with the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center.



On Monday, Google announced plans to reorganize under a new public holding company called Alphabet Inc. and it will begin reporting under this structure with its Q4 earnings which will be announced in mid-Jan 2016. As part of this change, the company will be run under a new operating & reporting structure in which the main Google businesses (including search, ads, maps, apps, YouTube & Android) will be distinct from projects that analysts say have yet to prove profitable, and that list includes Calico.



The restructuring will give investors the ability to isolate core Google profitability and emerging business investments, according to JPMorgan analyst Doug Anmuth.



 We view the new structure as an elegant way for Google to continue to pursue long-term, life-changing initiatives while simultaneously increasing transparency and management focus in the core business,  Anmuth said in an investors note.



But it will also make it more apparent how much money Google sinks into ventures like Calico with little or no return.



Experts within the geroscience industry, a field that aims to understand the relationship between aging and age-related diseases, are curious about the restructuring and what it may mean from the longevity of Calico. After announcing it partnership agreements last year, the company has been relatively quiet on what its doing.



When the Google-based company was announced  it was validation of what we've been talking about a long time which is improving public health by going after aging and not just the diseases associated with it,  said S. Jay Olshansky, a professor of public health at the University of Illinois at Chicago that focusing on aging issues.  But Calico hasn't really revealed what they are doing in any detail. 



The company appears to lack a concrete business plan, according to Alex Zhavoronkov, CEO of bioinformatics company Insilico Medicine Inc. which specializes in drug discovery and drug repurposing for aging and age-related diseases. Despite this, given the company's financial backing, it's crucial that it survives.



 The future industry is riding on them,  Zhavoronkov said.  We hope they don't fail, and they make a profit. If they were not to survive it could discourage investors from investing in companies like ours. 



Others agreed, noting that there are rumors that Calico's funding could be the equivalent National Institute on Aging's, which was around $1.2 billion in 2014.



 Certainly an enterprise of that size disappearing from the map would be noticeable,  said Thomas Johnson, a leading expert in aging research and genetics and professor of integrative physiology at the University of Colorado at Boulder.  They would be sorely missed. 



A Google spokesperson declined to comment and a direct request to Calico for comment was not immediately returned.

Related content The Beginning of the End for Google Yesterday, Google announced that it was rebranding itself, folding Google under the umbrella corporate name Alphabet and creating some other sub-brands. And so passes the middle age of a once-promising company.

The great Samuel Johnson quipped that  patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.  If Johnson were alive today, he d probably point out that  rebranding is the last strategy of the clueless. 

This is not to say that rebranding is always a bad idea. If your company is up to its neck in scandal, rebranding can limit the onus, as when Blackwater renamed itself Xe Services and then Academi to escape the stink of the Iraq War.

But when a company rebrands after it s failed to launch successful new products, and that rebranding makes no sense whatsoever, it s a sign that it has run out of ideas and is now focusing on appearances rather than substance.

Look, if there s anything that s true in high-tech business, it s that rebranding can t fix a product problem. And Google has a huge product problem: It s a one-trick pony.

Yes, Google dominates online advertising with its search engine and YouTube makes money, but the company has failed utterly to create any other viable product. Remember: Google bought YouTube when Google Video flopped.

Even Android, despite its popularity as an alternative to Apple iOS, isn t a financial success for Google. In fact, the company makes more money from ads displayed on iOS that it does on Android ads.

Meanwhile, the world is full of early adopters of Google's highly touted products who were eventually left high and dry. Some people, for instance, bet their businesses that Google Glass was the Next Big Thing. They must feel pretty stupid now that it s died the death.

But even if the rebranding made any strategic sense, the name Alphabet is horrendously, wretchedly plain-wrap, so amorphous ( everything from A to Z ) that it s meaningless, like the expression  worldwide focus. 

More important, there doesn t seem to be any reason for the rebranding (and consequent  shuffle the deck chairs  reorganization) other than to assuage or stroke the egos of the executives involved.

Rebranding, launching sub-brands, and restructuring are expensive and will consume (and have undoubtedly already consumed) hundreds of hours of management time and energy. It s the epitome of corporate navel-gazing on a pay-per-minute basis.

Actually, we should have seen this coming when the mainstream press started hyping Google s work environment and idolizing its employees. I don t know about you, but when I read those articles, I kept thinking:  What a bunch of self-satisfied wienies. 

Same thing IMHO with Google s unofficial  Do No Evil  motto--a perfect example of the law of inverse relevance: the less you intend to do about something, the more you have to keep talking about it.

In any case, the die is cast and Google is now trundling toward the alphabet soup of corporate senility. In time, Google s search engine will go from being a cash cow to a lifeline and finally just an asset to be acquired.

Mark my words. Alphabet's coolest tech bets Between self-driving cars, ultra high-speed broadband and the world's most popular search engine, Google has built some impressive technology over the past decade and a half.

But it can't do it all, which is why Google (GOOGL, Tech30) (now Alphabet) has also invested in hundreds of startups and smaller tech companies through a subsidiary called Google Ventures.

Google Ventures is like many other venture capital funds, except it doesn't only provide companies with cash. It also gives them resources, such as engineering, recruiting, and marketing.

Here are some of the coolest Google Venture investments:

Impossible Foods: Meats and cheeses made from plants

People have a hard time giving up unhealthy foods unless there are equally delicious alternatives. That's what Impossible Foods is trying to create.

With more than 50 scientists, engineers, farmers, and chefs, Impossible Foods says it examines animal products at their molecular level to recreate the "wonderfully complex experience" of meats and dairy from plants and grains.

"For thousands of years we've relied on animals as our technology to transform plants into meat, milk, and eggs," Impossible Foods says. "Our mission is to give people the great taste and nutritional benefits of foods that come from animals without the negative health and environmental impact."

23andMe: DNA analysis

When you send a bit of your spit and $99 to 23andMe, you'll get an online DNA report that reveals your ancestral origins. The report will show you what percent of your lineage comes from Europe, Africa, and Asia, down to specific regions within continents, the research company says.

You can also choose to submit data about your DNA to genetic research studies. On average, people who consent are included in over 230 studies focused on finding disease treatments and cures.

23andMe was founded by Anne Wojcicki, sister of YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki and former spouse of Alphabet president Sergey Brin.

Digit: Automated, stealth savings

Digit is a free app that learns how you spend your income, and how much you can afford to set aside every two or three days. The service will transfer that amount -- about $5 to $50, the company says -- from your checking to your savings account.

Transfers from your savings back to your checking take one business day, and Digit says it will never take out more than you have, so you don't have to worry about overdraft fees.

Urban Engines: Real-time commuting information

Mobile transit apps have been getting better, but you almost always need a data connection, and directions can be hard to follow when street signs aren't visible.

Urban Engines is an augmented reality app that lets you see exactly what train station, streets, and routes are around you no matter where you are. Above ground or underground, just hold your phone up to see a digital overlay of signs and directions when you're lost.

The company behind the app is also working with cities to track public transportation data -- to help keep traffic flowing and mass transit delays to a minimum.

Granular: Technology to make farming more efficient

Granular is a platform that lets farmers manage crop production cycles from tilling to harvest. The system also allows farmers to keep track of workers, monitor tasks and progress, and create financial reports.

Google Ventures also invests in Farmers Business Network, a data analysis company that tries to help the agricultural industry learn as much about their lands and products as possible.

Savioke: Personal robots

Developed by Savioke (pronounced "savvy oak") the SaviOne robot is designed to make small deliveries to hotel guests. It has already made more than 5,000 deliveries during its test trial. Opinion: Google's Alphabet reorganization is only a shell game CHAPEL HILL, N.C. (MarketWatch)   Investors  reaction to Google s reorganization plan is yet another sign of an overvalued stock market.

That s because the reorganization, along with the market s exuberant reaction to it, is something often seen near the end of bull markets. It represents a triumph of financial engineering over substance. Even though it s hard to see how any of the changes will make Google GOOG, -0.09% more profitable, investors quickly decided that the company was worth nearly $30 billion more because of it.

The only people who are guaranteed to profit from the shell game are the army of lawyers and accountants who will be employed to dot the i s and cross the t s in the reorganization.

That hasn t stopped cheerleader investors from trumpeting a number of supposed benefits of the greater  transparency  that will result from the new organizational structure. But how, exactly, does transparency translate into bigger profits? It s not as if Google executives don t already know how profitable their core search-and-advertising business really is or how unprofitable most of their other divisions are.

In any case, according to hedge fund manager Doug Kass, president of Seabreeze Partners Management, the greater transparency that Google is now committing itself to is merely standard operating procedure for most other companies. Why get all excited about something the company should have been doing all along?

Kass, in an email, called the Google reorganization  a total non-event. 

 It is amazing to me how gullible analysts are when a company like Google makes the smallest move toward transparency after being opaque in its operations from its inception as a publicly traded entity,  he said.

Alphabet, Google s new parent, is born (1:39)

Coinciding with the reorganization, the company is changing its name to Alphabet. Might the market s positive reaction be at least partially because of that name change?

Even raising this possibility conjures up yet another dangerous precedent: The market s exuberant reaction in the late 1990s to companies that changed their names to include  .com.  One study, by Michael Cooper of the University of Utah and his two co-authors, analyzed the market s reaction to 63 such companies and found that their stocks, on average, did 74% better than the market over the 10 days surrounding the announcements of their name changes.

The authors considered this to be prima facie evidence of investor irrationality.

To be sure, Google s stock hasn t received a 74% boost. But that doesn t mean investors aren t being just as irrational.

Click here to inquire about subscriptions to the Hulbert Sentiment Indexes. How a private space company is planning to mine asteroids by 2025 Planetary Resources president Chris Lewicki outlined some bold plans following a successful first launch of a test spacecraft from the International Space Station.

Planetary Resources deployed its first spacecraft from the International Space Station last month, with the goal of becoming an asteroid-mining company in the next decade. The Washington-based company aims to launch a series of increasingly sophisticated satellites with an eye toward bringing resources from space within Earth's grasp.

"We have every expectation that delivering water from asteroids and creating an in-space refueling economy is something that we'll see in the next 10 years   even in the first half of the 2020s," said Chris Lewicki, Planetary Resources president and chief engineer.

"After that, I think it's going to be how the market develops," Mr. Lewicki told Space.com, referring to the timeline for going after the precious metals and water available on asteroids.

Last April, Planetary Resource's satellite, Arkyd-3R, flew successfully into space, getting a ride aboard the SpaceX Falcon 9 as part of a resupply to the International Space Station. It was brought onto the ISS by astronauts, and in July was launched from the airlock of the Kibo science module into low-Earth orbit (about 100 to 150 miles from the surface), a  significant milestone  for the company. Its mission over the following 90 days is to test various technologies that later spacecraft from the company will use to venture out into the solar system, prospecting for resource-rich asteroids.

Based on findings from this first launch, Planetary Resources hopes to get more ambitious over time. The goal is to begin transforming asteroid water into rocket fuel within a decade, and eventually to harvest valuable and useful platinum-group metals from space rocks, according to Space.com.

The Arkyd-6, which is scheduled to launch to orbit in December aboard SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket, is the next generation, and has more advanced avionics and electronics than the first satellite, as well as a "selfie cam" courtesy of the Kickstarter project that funded Arkyd-6 back in 2013, with more than 17,000 contributors amassing $1.5 million to get the hardware into space. This latest model will also carry an instrument capable of detecting water and water-bearing minerals, Lewicki said.

The next step is the Arkyd 100, which is twice as big as the Arkyd-6 and will launch in search of potential mining targets from low-Earth orbit. Planetary Resources aims to launch the Arkyd-100 in late 2016, Lewicki said. The following two generations, known as "interceptors" and "rendezvous prospectors," respectively, will be capable of performing inspections of near-Earth asteroids in deep space.

If all goes according to plan, an Arkyd 300 will launch toward a yet-to-be-selected target asteroid by late 2018 or early 2019, Lewicki said.

"It is an ambitious schedule," he told Space.com. But such rapid progress is feasible, he added, because each new entrant in the Arkyd series builds off technology that has already been demonstrated.

Planetary Resources counts among its advisors Google cofounder Larry Page and Alphabet, Inc. chairman Eric Schmidt, Virgin s Sir Richard Branson, and former Microsoft CTO David Vaskevitch, as well as filmmaker James Cameron, alongside veteran NASA astronauts and MIT professors.

As Arkyd-3 was docking at the ISS last spring, Congress passed the  Space Resource Exploration and Utilization Act,  guaranteeing US space corporations the rights to keep whatever they bring back from space. 10 Things You Need To Know About Sundar Pichai, Google's New CEO Sundar Pichai, the man of the moment, is the new CEO of Google. The decision is part of a restructuring that will see Google  slimmed-down . But the search-focused company will still remain the largest subsidiary of a new parent company called Alphabet. Larry Page, who stepped down as CEO of Google, will head Alphabet.

Slashgear

1. Though popularly known as Sundar Pichai, his real name is Pichai Sundararajan.

2. He was born in Chennai on July 12, 1972.

Source: Vox

3. He earned a Bachelor's degree in technology from IIT-Kharagpur, followed by a Master's from Stanford University and an MBA from University of Pennsylvania.

4. His wife is Anjali Pichai, and he has 2 kids - a son and a daughter.

Source: Telegraph

5. Before joining Google In 2004, he was working with McKinsey & Company in management consulting.

6. At Google, he worked on products like Toolbar, Google Gears and Google Pack, and eventually Google Chrome, for almost a decade.

Source: armdevices

7. Chrome's rise and Pichai's steadfast career graph go hand-in-hand. H aving led product management and innovation of Google s client software products such as Google Chrome and Chrome OS, he was appointed the VP of product development and introduced the Chrome browser and OS in 2009.

He became the senior VP of Chrome and Apps in 2012.

8. He replaced Andy Rubin as the Android Chief in the year 2013 to become a well-known Google face.

Source: Businessinsider

9. Google's announcement of launching Alphabet Inc as its parent company paved the way for Pichai to fill in for Larry Page as CEO.

Page is said to become Alphabet Inc's CEO and Sergey Brin its president. Creation of Google's new parent company 'Alphabet' shakes up the industry Creation of Google's new parent company 'Alphabet' shakes up the industry

Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin announced the creation of a new company called Alphabet Inc. on Tuesday, the new parent company of Google and several other enterprises including health research subsidiaries Life Sciences and Calico, its research arm X lab, and its drone delivery project Wing among others.

RELATED TOPIC: Google Australia supports Aussie children, invests in STEM

The change in structure was brought on by the company s desire to revitalise its culture and allow operating divisions more freedom in decision making. As multiple companies will now have the ability to operate as independent entities with a CEO for each, it creates more visibility for investors.

The company s structure will be similar to Warren Buffett s empire, Berkshire Hathaway, as a giant conglomerate with smaller subsidiaries underneath. This restructure will provide consumers with a better understanding of Google's overall performance, which has been requested by the U.S. stock market for some time now.

 We ve long believed that over time companies tend to get comfortable doing the same thing, just making incremental changes,  said Page on Google's official blog.  But in the technology industry, where revolutionary ideas drive the next big growth areas, you need to be a bit uncomfortable to stay relevant. 

RELATED TOPIC: A Case for R&D Departments: How Failures Like Google Glass Can Still Be Wins

The shakeup will give more insight into how Google invests in its ventures such as driverless cars, health-related technology and high-speed internet service. There has already been a four per cent increase in shares in the ASX in just the first day of trading since the announcement, as the stock has already rose by 25 per cent this year.

There won t be much change for shareholders either, as Alphabet will replace Google as the publicly-traded entity. All of Google s shares will automatically be converted into the same number of shares of Alphabet with the same rights, as both GOOGL and GOOG will be continued to be traded on the market.

Google, which generates most of the company s US$60 billion in annual revenue, will now be run by Sundar Pichai, formerly Google s senior vice president in charge of products.

RELATED TOPIC: Australian companies successfully using Google+

An exciting new chapter in Google s existence, the name Alphabet was chosen because it represents a collection of letters that represent language one of humanity s best innovations.

For years, Google has been the global leader in internet search and has made advertising linked to those searches into a very profitable business model. However, with its share falling since reaching an all-time high in 2014, Google hasn t experienced quite as much success with its other ventures.

It appears that is about to change.

Let's connect!

Check out the latest edition of Business Review Australia! Google, not Alphabet, is keeping some of its most ambitious projects Google's Advanced Technology and Projects (ATAP) division, which is behind ambitious projects like modular phones and "smart fabric," will remain with Google in the wake of the company's reorganization as a subsidiary of a new company, Alphabet, the company has confirmed.

In addition, Google is keeping Project Fi, its effort to become a wireless carrier (technically a "virtual" wireless carrier) which just launched in the spring.

See also: What Google has to gain by adopting the Alphabet

The holdovers are a little surprising since ATAP is often compared to newly Alphabetized Google X, which seeks out technological breakthroughs to solve big problems. ATAP has similar ambitions with devices, looking to make major   not incremental   improvements to existing technologies and, in the words of ATAP Vice President Regina Dugan, "do some epic shit."

At the same time, Project Fi has a natural connection to Fiber, which is becoming part of Alphabet. Fiber is Google's (now Alphabet's) plan to offer and improve upon wireline Internet service, and Fi has a similar mission with wireless networks. Many even speculated that the name "Fi" was a play on Fiber since their services complement each other.

What both ATAP and Project Fi have in common, however, is a strong connection to Android, which likely was the deciding factor for Google. By staying with Google, teams with Fi and ATAP projects like Ara and Jacquard won't need to tunnel through extra layers of bureaucracy to interact with Android, which is probably a good thing. Why Google is now under Alphabet   Kola-Ogunlade By Ikenna Asomba

Search e ngine giant Google, recently named Sundar Pichai as its Chief Executive Officer, thus reorganizing under a new moniker, Alphabet. In this interview with Google s Communication and Public Affairs Manager for Anglophone West Africa, Taiwo Kola-Ogunlade,  he explained that Google has not changed its name, but rather, has only restructured to become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alphabet, adding that the restructuring will enable the company  to continue to focus on creating opportunities for Nigerians and Africa leverage on the worldwide web. Excerpts:

Google has just been renamed Alphabet. What necessitated this development?

The restructuring became imperative, given the fact that Google is a company that makes big bets. You will recall that we first started with Search but then soon expanded to YouTube, Android, self-driving cars, Calico, among others. We have had a lot of success, but want to ensure we re enabling the fastest, most focused innovation possible, through this recent restructuring.

As Google continues to grow, we want to empower the great leaders and employees we ve attracted to run their businesses in ways that makes most sense to them.

From Google Inc to incubators and newer projects, we think greater autonomy will turbocharge everyone s innovation, focus, and velocity.

This restructuring will also free up time for Google s co-founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin  to be more ambitious, manage at scale, and operate their businesses with greater accountability.

Why did Google restructure now after 16 years of being in operation?

We restructured now, because now have many businesses that are quite independent, and may have more in the future. So, we re establishing Alphabet to set us up for the future.

Alphabet will include Google Inc, independent companies, incubation efforts, and our investment arms-including Calico, Nest, Sidewalk Labs, Ventures, Capital, X, Access & Energy

We want each of our Alphabet companies to focus on their strengths and believe this new structure provides much greater flexibility, which we believe will lead to greater innovation, focus, and speed.

 What happens to Google following this renaming?

Google Inc will be run by Sundar Pichai. He and Larry Page have worked together closely over the past decade, and in particular over the past year, as Sundar took over Google products. Sundar is extremely focused on driving the next wave of innovation in Google s businesses Google Photos, Cardboard, Google Now, and the continued success of Chrome and Android are great examples of the effects of his leadership.

How do you think this change in name will affect Google s penetration particularly in Nigeria and Anglophone West-Africa, where you coordinate?

The Google name has not changed. It will only become a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alphabet.

We will continue to focus on creating opportunities for Nigerians and Africa leverage the web for good. This new structure will allow us to keep tremendous focus on the extraordinary opportunities we have inside of Google to the benefit of the region.

Who is Sundar Pichai , Google s new CEO?

As Google s chief executive officer, Sundar Pichai is responsible for leading the overall product development and innovation efforts, as well as managing the company s day-to-day-operations.

Sundar joined Google in 2004 and helped lead the development of Google Toolbar and Google Chrome, key consumer products which are now used by hundreds of millions of people. In 2014 he took over product, engineering, and research efforts for all of Google s products and platforms. This includes Search, Maps, Communications, Google Play, Commerce, and Ads, as well as our suite of cloud-based solutions for consumers, businesses and education known as Google Apps and Cloud Platform. He s also responsible for two of the most important platforms in computing today Android and Chrome. After years of working closely with Google s co-founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Sundar became Google s CEO in August 2015.

Before joining Google, Sundar held positions at Applied Materials and McKinsey & Company. Sundar received a bachelor s degree from the Indian Institute of Technology and was awarded an Institute Silver Medal. He holds a master s degree from Stanford University and an MBA from the Wharton School, where he was named a Siebel Scholar and a Palmer Scholar. Amazon quietly shutters product ads that drove traffic to outside sites The Amazon.com, Inc. logo is seen on the side of a delivery truck in Brooklyn, New York October 23, 2014. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid

SAN FRANCISCO Amazon.com Inc quietly shuttered a pay-per-click advertising program that allowed businesses to divert traffic from the retailer's platform to their own websites on Tuesday, saying it would permanently discontinue the program in October.

The program allowed many businesses that are not necessarily sellers on Amazon's online marketplace to buy ad space on its website. Targeted ads for specific items would pop up on Amazon's website and drive shoppers to the retailer or manufacturer's own site.

"Our customers performed really well with it because it provided a middle ground of being able to partner with Amazon but also not allowing them to see all their transaction data," said Scot Wingo, the executive chairman of ChannelAdvisor, which helps retailers and manufacturers sell on ecommerce platforms.

Wingo said the program was known for its high conversion rate and said advertisers were surprised when they received an email from Amazon notifying them of the change this week.

An Amazon spokeswoman confirmed the change and said the advertising program will no longer be available after Oct. 31.

"At Amazon we are constantly reviewing the services we offer partners to help them best reach our customer base and grow their businesses," the company said in an email to Reuters. Amazon offers other advertising options for third-party sellers to differentiate their products like its sponsored ads program.

Amazon's overall advertising business could bring in $1.26 billion in 2015 worldwide and grow to $1.83 billion by 2018, according to estimates from eMarketer, which tracks online advertising.

"We are disappointed with the news," said Angela Hsu, vice president of Internet business and marketing at Lamps Plus, a home decor company that used the product ads program. The company was featured in an Amazon case study in May and said the program increased its sales by more than 80 percent.

Consumers are increasingly starting their product searches on e-commerce marketplaces such as Amazon before looking on individual retailer's website.

A recent survey released by Amazon and Pymnts.com found that 64 percent of respondents said they begin searching for a product on a marketplace, followed by their favorite websites, search engines and social media.

Google Inc, which announced this week it will morph into a new holding company called Alphabet Inc, has acknowledged the dominance of Amazon, with executive chairman Eric Schmidt calling the online retailer its biggest competitor in searches.

Shoppers can discover, compare and purchase products directly from retailers by clicking on Google's ads. Facebook also launched targeted products ads in February.

(Reporting by Mari Saito; Editing by Alan Crosby) 
2015-01-29
Samsung Elec's smartphone primacy under threat from Apple after weak Q4 SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) is closer to losing its crown as global smartphone leader after posting a plunge in quarterly mobile earnings on Thursday, a day after rival Apple Inc (AAPL.O) reported the biggest profit in corporate history.

The South Korean giant said earnings from smartphones and other mobile gadgets dropped 64 percent annually in the October-December period to 1.96 trillion won ($1.80 billion), contributing to its first annual earnings fall in three years.

It was the mobile division's fifth consecutive quarter of decline, in contrast to Apple's record-breaking 74.5 million iPhone sales in the three months to Dec 27 on the back of the success of its big-screen iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. [ID:nL4N0V65HN]

Analysts say Samsung is under immense pressure to hang on to its market share, with a lot resting on the launch of its next flagship Galaxy S6 high-end smartphone due around March.

"I think after learning a hard lesson, we'll see a significant improvement in terms of design, build quality and on the specs ... The question right now is whether this is enough," Maybank Kim Eng analyst Warran Lau said.

While Samsung did not release smartphone sales figures, it said smartphone and tablet shipments declined in the fourth quarter, leading some analysts to declare Apple had caught up.

"Apple's new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models are proving wildly popular in China, United States and Europe. Apple tied with Samsung to become the world's largest smartphone vendor for the first time since Q4 2011," Strategy Analytics Executive Director Neil Mawston said in a statement.

Research firm Counterpoint said in a separate report on Thursday that Apple overtook Samsung as the top smartphone maker during the fourth quarter.

Mobile's share of Samsung's operating profit fell from almost 70 percent in 2013 to about 58 percent last year.

The company expects shipments and average selling prices for handsets to pick up in the first quarter following the launch of new mid-tier models like the Galaxy A.

CHIPS ARE UP

The semiconductor division was a bright spot as Samsung posted fourth-quarter operating profit of 5.3 trillion won ($4.88 billion), in line with the 5.2 trillion won profit the firm guided for earlier this month.

The result put the firm's 2014 profit at 25 trillion won, down from a record 36.8 trillion won in 2013 and the lowest since 2011.

"Uncertainties for global business conditions will likely grow further in 2015 due to the slowing Eurozone economy and financial risks in emerging countries," Samsung said in a statement.

The semiconductor division's profit stood at 2.7 trillion won, its highest in more than four years, helping Samsung recover from a 60 percent drop in operating profit in the third quarter.

Samsung said it saw healthy demand for memory chips, used in servers and handsets including Apple iPhones, as well as improved sales from its system chips business. It expects to outpace overall industry shipments growth for DRAM and NAND chips this year.

Even so, analysts expect Samsung to report its second straight annual profit decline this year, unless it can reinvigorate the mobile division.

The company said it would pay an end-2014 dividend of 19,500 won per common share, up 41 percent from the end-2013 dividend of 13,800 won per share, a sign it is eager to appease shareholders amid weaker profits and uncertainties about the succession plans for the family-owned Samsung Group.

Samsung shares were down 1 percent as of 0552 GMT, compared with a 0.4 percent decline for the broader market .KS11.

($1 = 1,091.1000 won)

(Editing by Stephen Coates) An End-Of-Alphabet Last Name Can Mess You Up For Life, Science Says  
2015-09-22
Alphabet/Google Targets Healthcare: Innovations Will Boost Opportunities For ... Venture capitalist Vinod Khosla once predicted,  By 2025, 80% of the functions doctors do will be done much better and much more cheaply by machines and machine learned algorithms.  Whether or not his percentage proves accurate, the opportunities to improve human health through technology are limitless.

From advanced electronic health records to attachables, implantables and more, healthcare technology is catching up to ideas that were once science fiction. Advances in healthcare technology have created numerous opportunities to innovate, but the task of improving our healthcare system is greater than the next breakthrough in technology. Reforming healthcare requires shaking up the status quo  it needs a new business model. Disruptive change won t come from government and current healthcare providers, who are focused on preserving their business model. Change in healthcare will most likely come from entrepreneurs willing to challenge the status quo.

Alphabet is in the perfect position to create a nationwide system for healthcare and offer affordable and accessible new products and services. It could revolutionize how we think about healthcare   solving today s problems and paving a path to improving human health. Alphabet has three advantages others don t have.

First, by rolling and its associated companies under a new parent company, Alphabet s companies are free to operate more nimbly. Just as I mentioned in my first article in this series, the independent companies under Alphabet now have the resources of a giant, but the ability to innovate like a startup.

Second, the leadership is passionate about human health. Larry Page and Sergey Brin care about humanity and have expressed their wishes to use technology to improve the quality of life for humanity.

Finally, there s a huge market opportunity. Alphabet knows this, and needs the opportunity to sustain growth. Currently, just the MedTech segment of this market is approaching $400 billion.

Over the next 18-24 months, Alphabet will tackle many of the following areas - because the technologies are available and the market is ready:

Secure cloud-based services to enhance electronic health records

Increased integration between artificial intelligence and sensor technology to facilitate early detection and treatment of diseases

New products and services leveraging wearables, attachables, implantables. For example,  smart  shoes, hats and clothes to provide real-time monitoring of vital signs

Medication compliancy products and services, such as  smart  pill bottles

Partnerships with major hospital groups, like Tenet Health, for distribution and adoption of new technologies

Collaboration with the government to leverage Medicare data for research and innovation

More investments into leading edge technologies through collaborating with startups and universities

What does this mean to the entrepreneurs and startups? Significant opportunities. Alphabet will expand its M&A team and start looking for startups with the right products and services, as well as those with innovative IP and great engineering teams. Alphabet needs to expand its engineering, operations and sales and marketing resources to effectively compete in the healthcare market. Apple Inc. Unleashes Ad-Blocking Hell On Google Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are considered fierce rivals on mobile devices, but the companies aren't really direct competitors. Apple generates most of its revenue from hardware sales, while Google mainly relies on ad sales.

Yet both companies haven't been shy about stepping on each other's toes. Google launched Android to compete against Apple's iOS, and the search giant expanded its ecosystem to iPhones and iPads with its own iOS apps. Apple pushed back by launching rival apps like Apple Maps, while ditching Google as the default search engine for Siri and Spotlight.

Yet those were just soft jabs compared to Apple's recent decision to enable developers to create ad-blocking extensions for Safari on iOS 9. Several ad blockers surged straight to the top of the charts after iOS 9 launched, fueling concerns that Google could start missing out on mobile ad revenues from iOS devices.

Is Apple being altruistic or anti-competitive?

Back in June, Apple CEO Tim Cook accused Google and other web-based companies of "gobbling up everything they can learn about you and trying to monetize it" with targeted ads. He warned that people shouldn't ever "make trade-offs between privacy and security," and that "free" services actually came at "a very high cost."

That declaration gave Apple a moral reason to carve Google services out of its ecosystem. That's why it backs up user content to iCloud, forces users to use Apple Maps on CarPlay, and now enables ad-blocking extensions on mobile Safari.

But as altruistic as Apple makes those moves sound, they can also be considered anti-competitive. Apple uses a closed hardware and software ecosystem to lock in users, so booting Google out of that walled garden makes perfect business sense. Moreover, Apple takes a 30% cut of sales of paid ad blockers, and it stated that it doesn't plan to block ads within apps. This means that articles published within the Apple News app will feature ads which generate iAd revenues, while the mobile version on Safari might get its ads cut off -- a strategy which could be considered anti-competitive.

How badly will this hurt Google?

Google generated 75% of its mobile ad revenues from iOS last year, according to analysts at Goldman Sachs. That's equivalent to 14% of its 2014 revenue. Google won't be the only company hurt by Apple's move -- any company which relies on display ads for revenue could also be crippled.

Eyeo, the maker of Adblock Plus on PCs, recently launched a mobile browser which blocks ads without additional extensions. Eyeo claims that mobile ads can consume nearly a fourth of a device's battery, increase data costs, cause pages to load more slowly, and expose users to malware.

To "whitelist" less intrusive ads, Google and other companies reportedly agreed to pay Eyeo payments "equivalent to 30% of the additional revenues" they would have generated from the unblocked ads. That's a controversial business model, since it basically holds ads hostage until companies agree to pay the ransom. Nonetheless, ad blockers are getting too popular to ignore -- PageFair estimates that total monthly active ad blocker users worldwide skyrocketed from 20 million in April 2009 to almost 200 million in June 2015.

Google gets torn between two roles

An ironic twist is that Google's own browser, Chrome, has become the top platform for ad-blocking extensions. According to PageFair's most recent numbers, Google Chrome accounted for 52% of all mobile ad blocking worldwide, compared to 40% for Firefox.

Mobile Chrome users can block ads with the Adblock Plus app, while mobile Firefox users can install ad-blocking extensions in the browser. PageFair estimates that mobile Safari accounts for 52% of the mobile browsing market, and its ad blocking levels should "trend toward levels seen in the mobile version of Firefox."

This puts Google in a terribly awkward spot. The company would probably love to kill ad blockers, but it would be impossible to do that without a massive public backlash. As a result, all Google can do is pay ad blocking companies to whitelist ads. There were rumors that Google was circumventing AdBlock Plus with its pre-roll ads on YouTube, but Eyeo claims that it was just a bug.

Marketers will be forced to produce better ads

It would be naive for Apple to believe that content-producing blogs and sites can keep functioning without ad revenues. It's equally naive for marketers to believe that they can flood the web with auto-playing videos, giant banners, and full-screen ads without annoying users. It's similarly silly for ad-blocking developers to believe that they can keep profiting from whitelists without turning into paid gatekeepers for ads.

Therefore, marketers and companies like Google will need to reevaluate their display strategies and create less intrusive ads. But until that happens, Google's mobile ad revenues could fall as browser makers and users continue blocking its ads. How Amazon's Business Model Threatens Google Copyright 2017 Zacks Investment Research

At the center of everything we do is a strong commitment to independent research and sharing its profitable discoveries with investors. This dedication to giving investors a trading advantage led to the creation of our proven Zacks Rank stock-rating system. Since 1988 it has nearly tripled the S&P 500 with an average gain of +26% per year. These returns cover a period from 1988-2015 and were examined and attested by Baker Tilly Virchow Krause, LLP, an independent accounting firm. Zacks Rank stock-rating system returns are computed monthly based on the beginning of the month and end of the month Zacks Rank stock prices plus any dividends received during that particular month. A simple, equally-weighted average return of all Zacks Rank stocks is calculated to determine the monthly return. The monthly returns are then compounded to arrive at the annual return. Only Zacks Rank stocks included in Zacks hypothetical portfolios at the beginning of each month are included in the return calculations. Zack Ranks stocks can, and often do, change throughout the month. Certain Zacks Rank stocks for which no month-end price was available, pricing information was not collected, or for certain other reasons have been excluded from these return calculations.

Visit performance for information about the performance numbers displayed above.

Visit www.zacksdata.com to get our data and content for your mobile app or website.

Real time prices by BATS. Delayed quotes by Sungard.

NYSE and AMEX data is at least 20 minutes delayed. NASDAQ data is at least 15 minutes delayed. 
