2017-04-04
Alphabet Inc's Google Brand Remains Cool Among Millennials GOOGL   Google-funded survey finds many Alphabet properties are seen as cool among teenagers.

Google parent Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) funded a just-published report that found the company s brands hold a lot of water with America s teenagers.

The search engine giant published a paper dubbed  It s Lit: A guide to what teens think is cool,  which included a survey of those deemed to be part of Generation Z   young people aged from 13 to 17. For the purposes of the report, its editors defined  cool  as brands that were  unique, impressive, interesting, amazing, or awesome. 

As The Guardian reports, several Alphabet-owned properties appeared at the top of the list:

The Google-funded research found Generation Z relied on brands to  shape their world , and that Google was the third-most cool. Cool was defined by the researchers as  unique, impressive, interesting, amazing, or awesome . YouTube, which Google owns, came out at number one ahead of Netflix. Google s web browser Chrome placed tenth, in front of Nike.

Other interesting findings in the report included that fact that brands like McDonalds, Yahoo, and Facebook Messenger were well known among teens, they weren t considered cool. Meanwhile, Doritos and Oreos were considered cool (my two young children would certainly agree there).

The scientific merits of the survey, which polled 1,100 young people, are probably suspect at best. Google funded the project, and likely expected and/or influenced the fact that many of its own brands came out on top. But as one onlooker noted, it s at the very least  a great piece of native advertising for Google services. 

Alphabet Inc shares fell $5.30 (-0.62%) in premarket trading Tuesday. Year-to-date, GOOGL has gained 8.11%, versus a 5.74% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.

GOOGL currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 43 stocks in the Internet category. Facebook Inc (FB) Is About to Eat Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Lunch I ve argued in the past that Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ) is too cheap, but I can understand why some investors might be cautious, if not bearish, toward Facebook stock.

Source: Shutterstock

FB stock has risen about 700% from all-time lows reached in 2012. And the company now is worth almost as much as Warren Buffett s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK.A , NYSE: BRK.B ) and more than Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM ), among many others.

But Facebook itself already has warned that its blistering growth rate should slow in the coming years.

At less-than-20-times 2018 consensus per-share earnings plus cash, Facebook stock still looks cheap. Meanwhile, the scandal this week at Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ: GOOGL , NASDAQ: GOOG ) YouTube is another example of what a mess the online advertising industry is. The more the rest of the business struggles, the more obvious the value of the Facebook platform becomes. And that should lead to further upside for FB stock.

YouTube, Twitter and Facebook Stock

Google has a problem on its hands with YouTube. Major advertisers   such as the U.K. operations of McDonald s Corporation (NYSE: MCD ), Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX ) and Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ )   have pulled all non-search advertising.

The boycott is estimated to cost Alphabet $750 million to $1 billion in revenue. It seems highly likely that some   if not most   of that spend will make its way to Facebook. Those brands still want to advertise online   and Facebook will be the best option left standing.

After all, Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR ) has its own well-documented problems with  hate speech,  one reason why ad growth on that platform has stalled out. Facebook content can be controversial from time to time, but FB s controls look stronger.

To be sure, Facebook has had some advertiser issues of its own. Late last year, the company disclosed a series of measurement errors, including an overstatement of the so-called  reach  of advertising campaigns. But Facebook at least has been on top of its problems   and is fixing them. Twitter and YouTube are playing from behind at the moment.

The Online Advertising Ecosystem Is Broken

The problems at YouTube are just a single example of an online advertising ecosystem that looks increasingly troubled. Twitter by its own admission has had trouble keeping major advertisers and providing consistent ROI. And the Leslie Jones debacle last year, along with consistent efforts to remove bots and battle hate speech, has hurt that platform s reputation.

For its part, Google has repeatedly had to change its terms to combat fraud, adware and malware. And beyond the major platforms, there s further worry for advertisers. Criteo SA (ADR) (NASDAQ: CRTO ) and privately held SteelHouse had a nasty lawsuit last year, with each company accusing the other of click fraud and other malfeasance. One estimate suggests that fraud takes about one-third of online ad spending.

Next Page Alphabet Inc: BMO downgrades to "market perform" ** Google parent's shares slip marginally in morning trading

** BMO Capital Markets downgrades to "market perform" from "outperform", slashes PT to $880 from $1,005

** Brokerage views Amazon's growing advertising business as threat to Facebook-Google duopoly

** FBN Securities also lowers PT to $1,025 from $1,050

** A handful of companies, including Verizon, AT&T and Johnson & Johnson, pulled their ads from YouTube over concerns that their ads may have run next to extremist videos

** BMO estimates direct impact "to be in the low hundred millions", while FBN Securities analyst Shelby Seyrafi says Q2 YouTube revenue could be impacted by about $870 mln

** 42 of 47 brokerages rate the stock "buy" or higher, 4 "hold" and 1 "strong sell"; median PT is $1,000

** Including the 0.72 pct loss in session, Alphabet's shares were up 7.33 pct YTD Taking a Fresh Look at Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $856.75, up from yesterday s close by 1.06%. Given the stock s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company s recent data.

Fundamental Analysis

It s important to get a feel for how any stock is actually valued on the market based on its core numbers. Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) currently trades with a market capitalization of $586.19 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 22.20 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company s last quarterly report.

The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For GOOGL, the company currently has $12.78 Billion of cash on the books. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $25.83 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $7.2 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 0.35% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors.

Technical Analysis

No analysis is ever complete without a thorough survey of a stock s technical behavior. Looking at the stock s movement on the chart, Alphabet Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $874.42. It is now trading 17.67% off that level. The stock is trading $845.81 its 50-day moving average by -10.94%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $672.66.

In recent action, Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) has made a move of +1.12% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 4.22, and it s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.52% with $602.61 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of GOOGL. Crisis of the Week: Google Faces Advertisers' Wrath Denis McCarthy rose through the ranks of Hilton s finance department before becoming chief risk officer (CRO) in 2014. That finance background is central to how he organizes and manages Hilton s global risk program, connecting with properties in more than 104 countries and territories. He discusses the imperative of balancing technology innovation with risk and safety in the hospitality industry as customers increasingly want more mobile and online features and services. He also talks about the importance of partnering with other parts of the business for risk management to be effective, in this conversation with Linda Milburn-Pyle, Deloitte Risk & Financial Advisory principal, Deloitte & Touche LLP. Lookout for Price Target? Alphabet Inc. (GOOG), Parker-Hannifin Corporation (PH) Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) gained 1.08% with the closing price of $838.55. The overall volume in the last trading session was 1.67 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 13.97 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 13.91 and sector s optimum level is 10.57.

Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has earnings decline of -3.10% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 1.80 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $853.50 above its 52-week highs and is up 2.32% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $838.55 a share and the price is up more than 8.65% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 4.22 vs. an industry average at 4.99. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH) ended its day at $159.61 with the rising stream of -0.44% and its total traded volume was 1.01 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH)

Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 9.43, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 7.89 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 5.86. Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH), at its latest closing price of $159.61, it has a price-to-book ratio of 4.72, compared to an industry average at 2.81. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Parker-Hannifin Corporation (NYSE:PH), stock is trading $161.23 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -1.50% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is -15.50% . Its share price has risen 14.52% in three months and is up 2.54% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.10. Are Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Stock Technicals Favorable? With all other things going on, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been on a run   rising 8.11 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider Alphabet Inc. a buy, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with Alphabet Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $143.25 below GOOGL s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made strong gains in the past year, as the company has gathered a 11.98% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -2.06% from previous highs of around $874.42 per share on March 17, 2017. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 48.66% since hitting lows of $672.66 on June 27, 2016.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $842.96 and $849.85. In terms of pullbacks, $861.32 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session Alphabet Inc. RSI was seen at 57.91. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) has been put into a buy territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for GOOGL is 53.96. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) moved to around 35.26. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. Breaking: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Stock Through Resistance -- Technicals ... 2017-04-4

Breaking: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has hit maximum technical strength -- watch the technical oscillators for momentum gaps. The company has broken out to a five bull momentum rating -- that is extreme strength and through technical resistance.









There are explosive trends shaping the world of technology right now and the stocks leading those trends can be identified. Tap Here to learn about CML's Famed Top Picks. There are explosive trends shaping the world of technology right now and the stocks leading those trends can be identified.

+8.1%

+6.6%

+12.3%



GOOGL Stock Returns

The risk now is that the stock is overbought, but as of this moment, the price is moving abruptly higher, through resistance, and the bulls are leading the charge.GOOGL is upover the last three months and upover the last six months. The stock price is upover the last year. The current stock price is $856.75.If you're looking for the simplest version of this, here it is -- when the short-term moving averages are above the long-term moving averages that indicates relative strength in the technical. Then see the current price relative to the highest moving average and you will have a "back of the envelope" technical indicator in your back pocket for any stock at any time.The blending and weighting of numbers above created the technical model built by Capital Market Laboratories (www.CMLviz.com). Note the stock price at publication ($856.75), since the technical rating is based on intraday stock prices.

Technicals | Support: 835.14 | Resistance: 872.37

 Sell-side Views on: Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NYSE:PANW), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ ... Sell-side Views on: Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NYSE:PANW), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)

For the current quarter, analysts are expecting Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NYSE:PANW) to report EPS of $-0.42. This consensus estimate is provided by Zacks Research. After the period that ended on 2017-01-31, Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NYSE:PANW) reported an EPS actual of $-0.58. The difference between the actual and estimate resulted in a surprise factor of -52.63%. The company is expected to release their next earnings report on or around 2017-05-25. Interested parties will be watching to see how company results compare to what the Street was projecting for the fiscal period.

Shares of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NYSE:PANW) have a current ABR or average broker rating of 1.97. This consensus recommendation is also provided by Zacks Research. The recommendation falls on a scale between 1 and 5. A broker rating of 1 would translate into a Strong Buy. A rating of 5 would indicate a Strong Sell recommendation. This consensus broker rating may help shed some light on how the sell-side is currently viewing company stock.

Covering analysts often provide target price projections for company shares. The current Zacks consensus target price on shares of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NYSE:PANW) is $158.23. The top analyst target is $200, and the lowest target is $120 on the stock. Because of the different techniques used to gauge a company target price, estimates may be quite different from one analyst to another.

During the most recent trading session, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares traded -0.85%. Tracking the stock price in relation to moving averages may provide enhanced perspective on stock performance. After a recent look, the stock has been seen trading $-1.73 off of the 50-day moving average of $851.23 and $30.26 separated from the 200-day moving average of $819.24. Taking a further look from a different perspective, the stock has been recently recorded -2.85% off of the 52-week high of 874.42 and +26.29% apart from the 52-week low of 672.66. Monitoring stock price activity relative to moving averages and the highs and lows for the past year might help with future stock price value assessment.

Price Target in Focus

While monitoring stock technicals is important, most investors are more concerned with where the stock might be going now. Equity research analysts have provided views on where they believe the stock will be trading in the future. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are projecting a consensus target price of $988.88 on company shares. This is a near-term estimate for the next 12-18 months.

Currently, Alphabet Inc. has a price to earnings ratio of 30.47. Analysts and investors may also opt to evaluate a company's PEG or price to earnings growth ratio. The stock currently has a PEG Ratio of 1.36.

By DR Staff Writer Steady Stocks Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)  Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Self-Driving-Car Made $120 million in Incentives Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) says its self-driving-car lead Anthony Levandowski made $120 million in incentives while secretively building Otto, a competing company eventually acquired by Uber, according to an arbitration demand filed by Google against Levandowski and another employee on Monday. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares ticked up 1.06% to $856.75 on Monday.

The arbitration demand is the latest turn in the bombshell lawsuit Google filed against the ride-hailing service in February. Waymo, the self-driving-car company owned by Google s parent company, is suing Uber over claims that it stole the design and intellectual property for its lidar system, a key component of self-driving cars that allows them to detect obstacles.

Technical Stock Analysis

Shares outstanding are recorded as 684.20 million and total shares floated are 602.61 million. Current ratio which is the relationship between current assets and current liabilities, indicating the liquidity of a business is calculated as 6.30. Company s distance from 20 day simple moving average is 0.31% and distance from 50-Day simple moving average is 1.36%.

Best time to invest in stock market is when things are on odd side, and it s not easy how to pick stocks. By reviewing stock prices from the stock market history of the company and examining its analysts ratings can give an investment picture with updated information of stock which helps investors to make investing decision. Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 25 analysts of Thomson Reuters, 4 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock and 1 given UNDERPERFORM rating. Analyst s mean target price for GOOGL is $987.88 while analysts mean recommendation is 1.80.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) yearly performance is 11.98% and net profit margin is 21.60%. Annual EPS Growth of past 5 years is 14.80%. Company price to earnings (P/E) ratio, which measures the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price, is calculated as 30.31. The current share price indicates that stock is -2.02% away from its one year high and is moving 27.37% ahead of its 52-week low. Today Sand Hill Global Advisors LLC Sells 14 Shares of Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Sand Hill Global Advisors LLC lowered its position in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) by 0.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 4,309 shares of the company s stock after selling 14 shares during the period. Sand Hill Global Advisors LLC s holdings in Alphabet were worth $3,326,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.

A number of other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Gardner Russo & Gardner LLC increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 43.7% in the fourth quarter. Gardner Russo & Gardner LLC now owns 2,449 shares of the company s stock worth $1,890,000 after buying an additional 745 shares during the last quarter. Marietta Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter worth $235,000. Texas Yale Capital Corp. increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 4.0% in the fourth quarter. Texas Yale Capital Corp. now owns 3,258 shares of the company s stock worth $2,515,000 after buying an additional 126 shares during the last quarter. Azimuth Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 10.9% in the fourth quarter. Azimuth Capital Management LLC now owns 974 shares of the company s stock worth $752,000 after buying an additional 96 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Co. increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 4.3% in the fourth quarter. Bank of Nova Scotia Trust Co. now owns 1,803 shares of the company s stock worth $1,392,000 after buying an additional 75 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 34.74% of the company s stock.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) opened at 831.41 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $829.74 and a 200-day moving average of $796.35. Alphabet Inc has a one year low of $663.28 and a one year high of $853.50. The company has a market cap of $574.85 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.82 and a beta of 0.94.

Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $9.36 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks  consensus estimate of $9.67 by $0.31. The company had revenue of $26.04 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts  expectations of $25.18 billion. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.58% and a return on equity of 14.85%. The firm s quarterly revenue was up 22.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $8.67 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Alphabet Inc will post $33.29 EPS for the current fiscal year.

A number of brokerages recently weighed in on GOOG. Barclays PLC restated an  overweight  rating and set a $1,065.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a report on Wednesday. Instinet decreased their price objective on shares of Alphabet from $950.00 to $925.00 and set a  buy  rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday. Pivotal Research reiterated a  hold  rating and issued a $950.00 price objective on shares of Alphabet in a report on Monday. BMO Capital Markets reiterated an  outperform  rating and issued a $1,005.00 price objective on shares of Alphabet in a report on Monday. Finally, Pacific Crest reiterated an  overweight  rating and issued a $1,040.00 price objective on shares of Alphabet in a report on Monday. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and forty-three have issued a buy rating to the company. Alphabet presently has a consensus rating of  Buy  and an average price target of $963.06.

In other Alphabet news, SVP David C. Drummond sold 2,000 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $852.42, for a total transaction of $1,704,840.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 5,800 shares of the company s stock, valued at approximately $4,944,036. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, VP James Grier Campbell sold 194 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $778.81, for a total value of $151,089.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 348,574 shares of company stock valued at $281,738,839 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 13.92% of the company s stock.

About Alphabet

Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.

Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GOOG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG). 
2017-04-05
Owners of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Now Have Another Threat   Amazon A week ago, yours truly cautioned owners of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL , NASDAQ: GOOG ) that Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ) was starting to pose a real threat to the display ad market that made GOOGL stock the giant it is today. In short, the supply/demand market Facebook has established was very transparent, and advertisers (not to mention publishers) loved it. Google had largely refused to move into that era of internet advertising.

Source: Shutterstock

Now GOOGL stock holders have another headwind to deal with. As it turns out, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN )   which was already helping Facebook with its new ad-sales product   is getting a surprising amount of traction with its own search engine. This, of course, lays the groundwork for an increasing degree of advertising dollars devoted to the e-commerce giant, and diverted away from Google.

The same as before, Alphabet really needs to step up its game and do business like it s 2017 rather than 2007. Everybody else is.

Amazon Takes Aim at Alphabet

Calling a spade a spade, NYU Stern School of Business professor Scott Galloway may have been speaking more for effect than for accuracy when he told CNBC on Tuesday that Amazon could soon be a  more important search engine than Google.  But, his point was well taken all the same. He points out that while Google still draws a search engine crowd, many of those consumers aren t apt to be shoppers. A consumer who visits Amazon.com, though, has already self-identified as a likely buyer.

Amazon is now leveraging the nuance of this relationship with web users.

Put this term in your Lexicon, particularly if you re a fan of Amazon (or if you re worried about your GOOGL stock position).    sponsored goods. 

It s exactly what it sounds like. That is, goods that Amazon does a little better job of featuring on and off its website for a bit of extra nosh from the seller providing the item. It s happening now, and perhaps a little more than most internet shoppers may even realize.

Analysts are taking notice too. BMO Capital Markets analyst Daniel Salmon sees enough opportunity ahead to make a point of commenting on Amazon s new-found focus. He explained:

 A key point of differentiation for Amazon [from competitors] is the massive amount of consumer purchase data it possesses,  Salmon said in the note to clients covered by Yahoo Finance.  While Google knows what people are searching for and Facebook knows what people are interested in and who they are connected to, Amazon knows the specific products that customers are purchasing and how frequently they are purchasing these products. 

He went on to downgrade GOOGL stock from  outperform  to  market perform  due to Amazon s increasingly impressive move into Google s turf.

Next Page Why Investors remained confident on S&P Global Inc. (SPGI), Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)? S&P Global Inc. (NYSE:SPGI) plunged -0.41% with the closing price of $128.82. The overall volume in the last trading session was 1.37 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of S&P Global Inc. (NYSE:SPGI) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 48.24 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 7.16 and sector s optimum level is 5.81.

S&P Global Inc. (SPGI) have shown a high EPS growth of 31.80% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 88.60% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.10 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $133.08 above its 52-week highs and is up 0.08% for the last five trades. The stock ended last trade at $128.82 a share and the price is up more than 20.16% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 51.54 vs. an industry average at 3.27. Its sales stood at 7.40% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) ended its day at $852.57 with the rising stream of -0.49% and its total traded volume was 1.35 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 13.97, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 13.89 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 10.56. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), at its latest closing price of $852.57, it has a price-to-book ratio of 4.26, compared to an industry average at 5.05. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), stock is trading $874.42 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of 14.80% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 30.00% . Its share price has risen 5.51% in three months and is up 1.42% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 1.80. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) PT Lowered to $1025.00 Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) had its price objective decreased by equities researchers at FBN Securities from $1,050.00 to $1,025.00 in a note issued to investors on Thursday. The brokerage currently has an  outperform  rating on the stock. FBN Securities  target price suggests a potential upside of 21.72% from the stock s previous close.

Several other brokerages have also recently issued reports on GOOGL. BMO Capital Markets cut Alphabet from an  outperform  rating to a  market perform  rating and cut their price objective for the company from $1,005.00 to $880.00 in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Aegis restated a  buy  rating and set a $1,011.00 price objective on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Sunday, April 2nd. Loop Capital started coverage on Alphabet in a research note on Friday, March 31st. They set a  hold  rating and a $800.00 price objective on the stock. Vetr cut Alphabet from a  buy  rating to a  hold  rating and set a $881.42 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Alphabet from a  hold  rating to a  buy  rating and set a $939.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, forty-one have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Alphabet currently has an average rating of  Buy  and a consensus price target of $964.41.

Shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) opened at 842.10 on Thursday. Alphabet has a 1-year low of $672.66 and a 1-year high of $874.42. The stock has a market capitalization of $582.24 billion, a P/E ratio of 30.21 and a beta of 0.98. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $847.88 and a 200-day moving average price of $816.83.

Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $9.36 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts  consensus estimates of $7.65 by $1.71. Alphabet had a return on equity of 14.85% and a net margin of 21.58%. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $8.67 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Alphabet will post $33.29 EPS for the current fiscal year.

TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING:  [[title]]  was originally reported by [[site]] and is the sole property of of [[site]]. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at [[permalink]].

Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Atria Investments LLC raised its stake in Alphabet by 6.2% in the third quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 2,884 shares of the company s stock worth $2,319,000 after buying an additional 168 shares during the last quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. raised its stake in Alphabet by 2.6% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 24,548 shares of the company s stock worth $19,738,000 after buying an additional 612 shares during the last quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in Alphabet by 0.6% in the third quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 101,753 shares of the company s stock worth $81,815,000 after buying an additional 582 shares during the last quarter. Patten & Patten Inc. TN raised its stake in Alphabet by 3.9% in the third quarter. Patten & Patten Inc. TN now owns 5,116 shares of the company s stock worth $4,114,000 after buying an additional 194 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Gulf International Bank UK Ltd raised its stake in Alphabet by 1.1% in the third quarter. Gulf International Bank UK Ltd now owns 89,308 shares of the company s stock worth $71,808,000 after buying an additional 1,010 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 34.98% of the company s stock.

About Alphabet

Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.

Get Analysts' Upgrades and Downgrades Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of analysts' upgrades, downgrades and new coverage with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Google engages comScore for YouTube brand-safety reporting Google (GOOG -0.4% , GOOGL -0.4% ) has chosen comScore (SCOR +0.8% ) to do brand-safety reporting of YouTube advertising campaigns, the company says.

That follows weeks where a number of advertisers halted non-search ads tied to the search engine over concerns that ads were being run alongside objectionable content.

ComScore says it will use a proprietary engine built into its "validated Campaign Essentials" suite, which "continuously monitors patterns within text content to identify the brand safety of a given ad context" on mobile and desktop. Act On Key Analyst Price Target Shifts: Alphabet Inc. (GOOG), Amphenol ... Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) are on a recovery track as they have regained 25.82% since bottoming out at $663.28 on Jun. 27, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 1.66% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 8.13% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -2.22% from $853.5 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 21, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 13.12% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to buy Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) s shares projecting a $970.75 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

GOOG s revenue has declined at an average annualized rate of about 0% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 22.2% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Alphabet Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at 21.58%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 15.55%, and the sector s average is 4.61%. In that light, it seems in weak position compared to its peers and sector.

Amphenol Corporation (NYSE:APH) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -2.86% since hitting a peak level of $71.98 on Mar. 15, 2017. Meanwhile, due to a recent pullback which led to a fall of almost -0.11% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 4.25% so far on the year   still in weak zone. In this case, shares are 28.4% higher from $54.94, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on May. 16, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 9.04% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $69.9, APH has a chance to add $1.43 or 2.05% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($71.33) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 2.3 looks like a hold. It has a 36-month beta of 0.84 , so you might not be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, Amphenol Corporation s EPS growth has been nearly 11.4%. Sure, the percentage is encouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 7.04%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. Amphenol Corporation s ROE is 23.8%, while industry s is 12.55%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 10.04%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. APH s ROA is 10.43%, while industry s average is 6.82%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 8.11. Should You Buy, Sell, Or Hold? - Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), 3M Company (MMM) Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are on a recovery track as they have regained 26.75% since bottoming out at $672.66 on Jun. 27, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 1.42% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 7.59% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -2.5% from $874.42 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 17, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 12.39% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to buy Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) s shares projecting a $988.88 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

GOOGL s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 19% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 22.2% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Alphabet Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at 21.58%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 15.55%, and the sector s average is 4.61%. In that light, it seems in weak position compared to its peers and sector.

3M Company (NYSE:MMM) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -1.71% since hitting a peak level of $193.5 on Mar. 20, 2017. Thanks to an increase of almost 0.68% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 7.2% so far on the year   still in strong zone. In this case, shares are 18.81% higher from $163.17, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on May. 19, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 10.06% for the past six months.

The bad news is analysts don t believe there s a room for the share price to move in the upward direction. At recent closing price of $190.19, MMM has a chance to give up $-0.39 or -0.21% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($189.8) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 2.5 looks like a hold. It has a 36-month beta of 1.08 , so you might be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, 3M Company s EPS growth has been nearly 6.5%. Sure, the percentage is encouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 8.91%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. 3M Company s ROE is 46.49%, while industry s is 0.74%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 8.8%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. MMM s ROA is 15.38%, while industry s average is 2.58%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 4.25. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Introduced Ability To Remember Your Preference At ... Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) finished trading at $834.57 in last session after it declared that its Google Maps has introduced ability to remember your preference at the same time as searching directions in-app. Many users prefer to avoid positive routes like ones with tolls or highways; as well user earlier had to preset these preferences every time they searched for directions on Google Maps. However, Google now removes the need to feed preferences, and remembers them instead.

Android Police was foremost to spot this feature, and once you set the preferences in Google Maps, you won t have to do it again, no matter how many times you close the app or search for directions. That is, until you want your preferences to be changed. You can find these preferences in Route Options, which can be pulled up from the dotted bar on the top right of your screen, once you ve started your route. Corporation has 52-week high price of $-2.22% and its 52-week low was recorded at $25.82%.

Staples, Inc. (NASDAQ:SPLS) has 649.00 million outstanding shares and its share price finished at $9.51 by increasing 9.82% in last traded session. Staples Inc. declared that it is exploring a sale less than a year after it scrapped a $6.3 billion merger with rival Office Depot. The Wall Street Journal reports that the company is in early talks with private-equity bidders.

Staples declared that it has no comment on the report. Staples and Office Depot faced heavy regulatory resistance over their proposed merger, culminating in a federal judge blocking the deal. The companies abandoned the deal in May and said they would move forward with new business strategies. . As the returns are concern, return on equity was recorded -32.60% and firm surged its return on investment of -8.40% while its return on asset stayed at -15.00%. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Aims To Reduce Patent Infringement Woes With PAX ... Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has 684.20 million outstanding shares. In an offer to cut patent litigation, Google has now initiated a new accord called PAX that aims to reduce patent infringement woes. All the members who sign up for PAX essentially allow others to use their patented property for free. Google feels that this free sharing of patents will notably reducing lawsuits, create less trouble for device makers, and give them more time to focus on innovation.

PAX means  peace  in Latin. The contract, which is officially named Android Networked Cross-License Contract, aims to build a  patent peace  among device makers. Often, many companies are found making money through just patent lawsuits because of a violation of intellectual property right. This could often lead to a long trial, leading to loss of money and time in the process. PAX aims to ensure all firms working with Android freely share their patents with each other, free of cost, without any worry of a lawsuit. The firm stock closed at $852.57 by plunging -0.49% in last trading day. As the returns are concern, return on equity was recorded 14.90% and firm surged its return on investment 13.30% while its return on asset stayed at 12.30%.

Shares of QVC Group (NASDAQ:QVCA) at the time when day-trade ended the stock finally climbed 2.25% to close at $20.42. General Communication, Inc. (GNCMA) and Liberty Interactive Corp. (QVCA) reported that a definitive contract whereby Liberty Interactive will purchase GCI through a reorganization in which certain Liberty Ventures Group assets and liabilities will be contributed to GCI in exchange for a controlling interest in GCI.

Shareholders of GCI will receive total consideration of $32.50 per share comprised of $27.50 per share in GCI Liberty Class A common stock and $5.00 in newly issued Series A preferred shares. The transaction represents an undiluted enterprise value for GCI of $2.68 billion and undiluted equity value of $1.12 billion.

Liberty Interactive will then effect a tax-free separation of its controlling interest in the combined company (to be named GCI Liberty Inc.) to the holders of Liberty Ventures common stock in full redemption of all outstanding shares of such stock. The split-off of Liberty Interactive s interest in GCI Liberty is expected to be completed by the first quarter of 2018. GCI Liberty s Class A common stock, Class B common stock and Series A preferred stock are expected to be listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market under the symbols, GLIBA, GLIBB and GLIBP, respectively. Shares price isolated positively from its 50 days moving average with 5.48% and remote negatively from 200 days moving average with -2.16%. In Search of the Next Facebook or Alphabet  Google Selects comScore as Brand Safety Measurement Provider  
2017-04-07
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): YouTube Steps Up Fight Against Stolen Content Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) video behemoth YouTube has taken another step to protect original content creators   it will display ads only on channels that have crossed 10k lifetime views. YouTube said the views-threshold will help it  determine the validity of a channel . To further discourage ad-revenue generation through stolen content, the video-streaming platform will soon add a review process for new creators applying to the YouTube Partner Program (YPP).

An even bigger problem that YouTube aims to take a shot at with these new rules is strong criticism, of late, from companies over lack of control on where their ads appear. It s gone beyond just complaining as big-ticket add revenue generators such as Starbucks, Verizon, McDonald s, Walmart, and PepsiCo, have already suspended advertising on YouTube as their ads appeared alongside reprehensible videos.

 We ve begun a thorough review of our ads policies and brand controls, and we will be making changes in the coming weeks to give brands more control over where their ads appear across YouTube and the Google Display Network , said Google mid-March in the aftermath of boycott by major brands.

YouTube is Alphabet s one of the biggest bets to sustain its growth momentum, currently coming primarily from Google, and gives it an edge over the biggest competitor Facebook, which is a late entrant into the video advertising arena.

YouTube and mobile search led the growth in the most recent quarter that saw a year-over-year increase of 22% in Alphabet s revenues, said CFO Ruth Porat in a statement released along with the latest quarterly earnings results, confirming the key role YouTube can play going forward in Alphabet s growth.

While YouTube has shown commitment to improve its filters for such content, so far, it hardly seems sufficient to bring back the big brands   10k-views threshold is quite a low-benchmark as per experts. But the proposed review process can substantially reduce proliferation of channels that has got the video-streaming service into the trouble in the first place. Despite no effective resolution, which includes brands getting a better control over ad placement, of the issue so far, analysts haven t budged from their strong outlook for Alphabet, putting faith in its ability to come out stronger from this setback.

Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) takes the Federal Government to court

After Apple staged a strong fight against the FBI to protect the privacy of its customers last year, it s Twitter s turn now to show the world that these global tech companies are really serious about what they promise and what they wish to deliver. Anonymity is a key feature on Twitter and the latest saga includes an anonymous account which has been critical of president Trump s immigration policy.

Twitter has filed a lawsuit to primarily protect the identity of the person behind twitter handle @ALT_USCIS, defendants include the US Department of Homeland Security and US Customs and Border Protection.  The rights of free speech afforded Twitter s users and Twitter itself under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution include a right to disseminate such anonymous or pseudonymous political speech  said Twitter in the court filing. Alphabet Inc Combats Fake News With Fact-Checking In Search Results Proliferators of fake news and other false claims suffered another setback today, with Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) announcing new fact-checking enhancements to its Google search algorithm.

The biggest search engine on earth will soon include  Fact Check  tags on article snippets that appear in its Google News results.

Google had been running tests on the new feature for several months, and on Friday rolled it out across its News pages, along with its entire search catalog. The step is a bit out of character for the company, which prefers to let users make their own determinations, but as Bloomberg notes, Google is actually leaning on publishers to do much of the legwork:

Google isn t entirely giving up its usual hands-off approach: The company is letting others do the fact-checking. The approach is meant to legitimize or question claims online, Google said in a blog post. Checked search results list the name of the person or group making the assertion and the determination of the fact-checker.

 These fact checks are not Google s and are presented so people can make more informed judgments,  Google said in a statement.  Even though differing conclusions may be presented, we think it s still helpful for people to understand the degree of consensus around a particular claim and have clear information on which sources agree. 

Today s move comes just after Facebook rolled out its own guide to combat fake news on its namesake platform. Users can expect even more measures to come to fruition over the next several months as well, considering how large of a problem misinformation has become in the digital age.

Alphabet Inc shares were unchanged in premarket trading Friday. Year-to-date, GOOGL has gained 6.64%, versus a 5.79% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.

GOOGL currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 43 stocks in the Internet category. A New Threat To Intel's Dominance Of The Datacenter The slowdown of Moore's law turns out to have significant implications, perhaps especially for Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). The company already is suffering from losing out in mobile and seeing PC sales slump, but so far it has been rescued mostly from its stranglehold on servers, where it still holds a near monopoly in CPUs.

The latter have come under attack from Nvidia's (NASDAQ:NVDA) GPUs, which execute some tasks, more specifically those related to artificial intelligence where massive amounts of data are crunched in parallel.

Nvidia's rise in datacenters has been nothing less than spectacular. Last year it clocked a growth rate of 126% in this segment.

Intel is fighting back though. It's now giving datacenter chips priority on new process platforms (nodes) and it has acquired Altera, which provided field programmable gate array (FPGA) technology to accelerate computing in the cloud. Xilinx (NASDAQ:XLNX) is another player taking this route.

FPGAs is one answer to the slowdown of Moore's Law hitting general purpose CPUs, as they are "field programmable" that is, they can be reconfigured to specific end user needs after having been produced. From Intel:

Intel  FPGAs can be used to accelerate the performance of large-scale data systems. Intel FPGAs enable higher speed data processing by providing customized high-bandwidth, low-latency connections to network and storage systems. In addition, Intel FPGAs provide compression, data filtering, and algorithmic acceleration. With the Intel  FPGA SDK for OpenCL , you can now rapidly develop acceleration solutions for computer and storage systems. The Intel FPGA SDK for OpenCL enables even software developers to easily design with FPGAs by allowing them to utilize a high-level programming language for developing acceleration functions.

It now seems that Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has come up with another way to solve this problem. The route taken is not general purpose chips like CPUs and GPUs, nor programmable chips like FPGAs, but highly specialized chips, like dedicated accelerators.

Google is doing just that, presenting (see the paper) the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU). Here is EE times:

Google's Tensor Processing Unit beat Intel's Xeon and Nvidia GPU in machine-learning tests by more than an order of magnitude, the web giant reported. A 17-page paper gives a deep dive into the TPU and benchmarks showing that it is at least 15 times faster and delivers 30 times more performance/watt than the merchant chips.

One might retort that while impressive, the benchmarks used are not cutting edge (the paper acknowledges that, since the 2015 tests, Intel has delivered 14-nm CPUs and Nvidia has new 16-nm GPUs) as the tests were conducted in 2015(!), but then again, neither is the TPU itself particularly cutting edge (in terms of frequency and processor node):

The 40-W TPU is a 28-nm chip running at 700 MHz, designed to accelerate Google's TensorFlow algorithm. Its main logic unit packs 65,536 8-bit multiply-accumulate units and a 24-Mbyte cache, delivering 92 tera-operations/second.

Just moving production to a smaller node would materially improve performance, and there are other tricks available:

If we compared newer chips, Section 7 shows that we could triple performance of the 28-nm, 0.7GHz, 40W TPU just by using the K80's GDDR5 memory (at a cost of an additional 10W).

If anything, it seems likely that as the TPU matures, its performance profile might actually widen its advantage over its competitors (from EE times, quoting Google's paper):

The order-of-magnitude performance advantage of the TPU is rare and could "lead to the TPU becoming an archetype for domain-specific architectures. We expect that many will build successors that will raise the bar even higher," the paper said... A relatively short 15-month design schedule prevented inclusion of many energy-saving features in the TPU, Google noted.

The TPU is already used in Google's datacenters, but the company doesn't provide any information on how widespread that use is, nor what the update path is or whether it will sell the TPU to third parties.

There are distinct warnings for Intel, and to a lesser extent Nvidia:

The TPU project began in 2013 with experiments with FPGAs. "We abandoned them when we saw that the FPGAs of that time were not competitive in performance compared to the GPUs of that time, and the TPU could be much lower-power than GPUs while being as fast or faster," the paper said.

Conclusion

Not so long ago, Intel enjoyed a virtual monopoly in the fast-growing server market. But with the slowdown of Moore's law and, especially, the shift in work done in the cloud from mere storage and simple applications towards complex AI, its CPUs are not able to do all this work efficiently, and the search was on for more efficient solutions.

Early alternatives were Nvidia's GPUs and FPGAs by Altera (now Intel) and Xilinx. These provided not a head-on threat to Intel, as servers still run on CPUs, almost invariably from Intel, but even here there is some emerging competition from AMD (NASDAQ:AMD), IBM (NYSE:IBM) and ARM-based designs.

But as more and more processing power is executed by GPUs and FPGAs, Intel is going to benefit less from the growth in the datacenter market.

And now there seems to be a new kid on the block in the form of dedicated accelerators like Google's TPU. How much a threat does this constitute?

For starters, one has to realize that just like GPUs and FPGAs, the TPU isn't a replacement for the CPU in servers. It provides additional processing capacity by executing some tasks (way) more efficiently.

As such, one could say that it's perhaps more of a threat to GPUs and FPGAs, but it's likely that each of these have their own advantages depending on the exact user needs.

But like GPUs and FPGAs, the TPU shifts processing power from the CPU where Intel is dominant.

So for Intel, the best-case scenario is that its usage remains limited to Google's cloud itself. As of yet, there is no indication whether Google is planning on marketing the TPU to third parties. It could be using the TPU to gain performance advantage for some of its own cloud applications and/or to limit its dependence on third party suppliers.

But advanced chip business benefits from enormous economies of scale so we don't think it's likely that Google will keep this as a proprietary solution.

What's more, it seems to have opened the door to a whole new class of data center solutions and Google was able to develop this in a stunning 15 months. How long before others follow? One Thing Investors Need To Remember About YouTube TV The cord-cutting trend has provided big business for a number of companies, but none of them have been able to offer a complete package that truly mimics the traditional model.

Even with the locals included, subscribers still run the risk of being blacked out of certain programming due to various rights and clearances - a possibility lessened with cable.

YouTube's service does come with impressive perks, but it is still limited to channels owned by the Big 4 networks.

YouTube TV launched this week, with a big draw being live local channels for all users. However, that user base is limited to 5 top media markets at present.

This week, YouTube (GOOG, GOOGL) launched its new highly anticipated streaming service, YouTube TV, joining the ranks of DISH Network (NASDAQ:DISH), Sony (NYSE:SNE) and AT&T (NYSE:T), among others. This is still a growing field that faces a number of hurdles, but each streaming service seems to bring something unique to the equation. For YouTube TV, its big selling point is live streaming local channels, but there's a twist of which investors should be aware.

Now to be clear, this isn't something new that was just sprung on consumers, but it is something that I think has gone a little under the radar since its initial reveal. Investors need to remember that while YouTube TV was able to unite ABC, CBS, NBC and Fox for all its subscribers, we are only talking about 5 markets.

And I mean only 5 markets, period.

Subscribers in those markets - New York, Los Angeles, Chicago, Philadelphia and San Francisco - are the ONLY ones who can access this service at present. This isn't like Sony's PlayStation Vue service, where you can get cable channels and then add your locals when deals are signed.

YouTube is catering only to a specific subset, and actually doubling down on the appeal of getting the broadcast networks. In fact, the channel lineup is limited to just networks owned by the Big 4 (ABC, CBS, NBC, Fox), so if you want a network like CNN, PBS or anything owned by Viacom, you'll need to look elsewhere.

This is all part of what is a unique approach to a growing sector that distinguishes it from its rivals. Still, industry investors have to keep all of that in mind when analyzing results and making future decisions. Live local channels and live prime time network access are both vitally important aspects to the overall success of any streaming service, but it's also the trickiest part.

It is actually the things you likely DON'T think about that make what YouTube's attempting here as risky as it is innovative. Signing local affiliates is one thing, but that doesn't guarantee access to all of its programming. Remember, online is a totally different beast than linear cable viewing, and we are living in a new era where streaming/online require separate rights - otherwise you could see blackouts.

Now there are workarounds. Take football, for example. Because of other deals, you can't watch local games on your phone with this service, but instead, you can stream it to the TV or watch on a larger iPad-like device. It may not be ideal, but that's a trade-off.

My favorite example, though, is The Golden Globes, which airs on NBC and this year was blacked out - to the surprise of both subscribers AND PROVIDERS. Yes, NBC didn't realize it needed the streaming rights, so users of Sling, PlayStation Vue and DirecTV Now were blocked from watching the festivities live - which didn't go down very well.

Investors need to keep in mind that this technology is still new and has not been perfected by any means. To date, there is still no streaming service that includes local channels and live viewing for the entire country. I have little doubt that won't always be the case, but for now it is, and that is stopping a lot of cord-cutters.

And yes... I'm well aware of antennas and standalone DVRs, but those antennas don't always send a clear signal, and many people don't want the extra hassle of setting up additional equipment. For those people who have not cut the cord yet, the thing that will change their mind is a seamless transition.

Not something that reads like a MacGyver-esque handbook.

These consumers don't want to jump through any hoops - they just want to turn on the TV, and if that means a higher price, then they are willing to pay it (for the time being). Think of it is a convenience fee.

Don't get me wrong, YouTube TV offers some very nice perks that sets it apart, and like the other skinny bundle services, I'm sure it will find an audience. However, investors who are looking to bet heavily on this trend need to realize cord-stayers still haven't found that silver bullet solution, and there's no guarantee on when it will pop up.

Google has always prided itself on being at the top of the pack, and investors should be thrilled with what its YouTube TV service offers, though they need to remember YouTube TV is just another option in a growing line of options.

The important takeaway here is that its model forces the other streamers to re-evaluate their priorities. As I've always said, the first streamer to get full local for the entire country wins, but what that will take remains to be seen.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Few Things investors Didn't Know About: Synacor, Inc. (SYNC), Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Synacor, Inc. (NASDAQ:SYNC) market capitalization at present is $111.51M at the rate of $3.50 a share. The firm s price-to-sales ratio was noted 1.03 in contrast with an overall industry average of 4.46. Most of the active traders and investors are keen to find ways to compare the value of stocks. The price-to-sales ratio offers a simple approach in this case. They just need to take the company s market capitalization and divide it by the company s total sales over the past 12 months. The lesser the ratio, the more attractive the investment. During the key period of last 5 years, Synacor, Inc. (NASDAQ:SYNC) sales have annually surged 6.90% on average, however its earnings per share growth remained at -54.30%.

How Company Returns Shareholder s Value?

Dividends is a reward scheme, that a company presents to its shareholders. There can be various forms of dividends, such as cash payment, stocks or any other form. This payment is usually a part of the profit of the company. A company s dividend is mostly determined by its board of directors and it requires the shareholders  approval. Synacor, Inc. (NASDAQ:SYNC) for the trailing twelve months paying dividend with the payout ratio of 0.00% to its shareholders. Currently it is offering a dividend yield of 0.00% and a 5 year dividend growth rate of 0.00%. Over the last year Company s shares have been trading in the range of $1.35 and $4.25. However yesterday the stock remained in between $3.40 and $3.65. The stock is above its 52-week low with 159.26% and is in the wake of its 52-week high with -17.65%.

Performance & Technicalities

In the latest week Synacor, Inc. (NASDAQ:SYNC) stock volatility was recorded 3.63% which for the previous full month was noted 4.61%. Meanwhile the stock weekly performance was subdued at -15.66%, which was upheld for the month at 12.90%. Likewise, the upbeat performance for the last quarter was 11.11% and for the full year it was 150.00%. Moreover the Company s Year To Date performance was 12.90%. Now a days one of the fundamental indicator used in the technical analysis is called Stochastic %D , Stochastic indicator was created by George Lane. The stochastic is a momentum indicator comparing the closing price of a security to the range of its prices over a fix period of time. The gauge is based on the assumption that if price surges, the closing price tends towards the values that belong to the upper part of the area of price movements in the preceding period. On the other hand if price drops, the contrary is right. For Synacor, Inc. (NASDAQ:SYNC), Stochastic %D value stayed at 75.65% for the last 9 days. Considering more the value stands at 81.68% and 83.33% for 14 and 20 days, in that order.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) closed at $827.88 a share in the latest session and the stock value rose almost 7.26% since the beginning of this year. The company has managed to keep price to sales ratio of 6.43 against an industry average of 5.86. The price to sales ratio is the ratio of the market value of equity to the sales. This ratio is internally not steady, since the market value of equity is divided by the total revenues of the firm. Following last close company s stock, is 0.23% above their SMA 50 and -3.00% below the 52-week high. A simple moving average (SMA) is an mathematical moving average calculated by adding the closing price of the security for a number of time periods and then dividing this total by the number of time periods. Its most recent closing price has a distance of -0.85% from SMA20 and is 5.77% above than SMA200.

In-Depth Technical Study

Investors generally keep an extensive variety of technical indicators at their disposal for completing technical stock analysis. The average true range is a moving average, generally 14 days, of the true ranges.

The average true range (ATR) was fashioned to allow traders to more precisely evaluate the daily volatility of an asset by using straightforward calculations. However the indicator does not specify the price direction, rather it is used first and foremost to measure volatility caused by gaps and limit up or down moves. The ATR is fairly simple to calculate and only needs historical price data.

ATR is counted for different periods, like 9-day, 14-day, 20-day, 50-day and 100-day. At the moment, the 14-day ATR for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is noted at 9.77. JPMorgan On Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) And Snap Inc. (SNAP) Heading into 1Q earnings, J.P. Morgan s Internet coverage universe has outperformed the broader market significantly YTD, up 17% on a market-cap weighted basis and up 10% on a simple average vs. the SPX up 5%. The bifurcation between large-caps and smid-caps is feeling more and more like 2015 as all the FANG names (+ PCLN...FANGP?) are trading within 3% of all-time highs while smid-caps have been choppy, with some exceptions in CRTO, TRUE, and a couple others. The firm believes underlying trends in online advertising and eCommerce remain strong, and benefits continue to accrue disproportionately to Alphabet, Facebook, & Amazon. Online travel also appears solid, though perhaps with a bit more geopolitical risk given the recently implemented US inbound policies. Based on the firm s recent meetings and calls, FANG names are most discussed, but with less-than-usual overall controversy other than the recent YouTube ad boycott. Snap, Expedia, and Yelp have been more divided bull and bear, and the firm has seen increasing interest in eBay, Yelp, and TRUE.

The YouTube ad boycott has been a frequent topic, but as discussed in its March 27 note, JPMorgan believes the financial impact is modest & advertisers appear to be returning to the platform as Alphabet steps up its brand safety efforts. More importantly, it believe overalls advertising growth remains strong, with ongoing improvements in search through device bidding, a 4th mobile ad unit, expanded text ads, etc  The firm projects 19% Google Sites FXHN revenue growth in 1Q & 21.3% FXHN for Alphabet overall. Investors are focused on the next big drivers for Alphabet and it now takes a $10B business to really move the needle. Cloud, hardware (Pixel phones, Google Home, etc ), and perhaps Maps may be the most likely candidates, with Waymo further out. The topic of Google Segment margin compression comes up frequently, but the firm would be happy to have slightly lower margins if it means Google were gaining real share in the Cloud (or elsewhere) and generating incremental profit dollars.

As noted, the firm continues to like Amazon long-term, but is a bit more cautious into earnings. The biggest N-T concerns that come up in discussions with investors are the heavy investment impact on profit, AWS revenue growth, and the need for Amazon s overall FXN revenue growth to accelerate in 1Q, following normal seasonal patterns. On profitability, the firm projects a 4% Y/Y decline in Operating Income in 1Q on 120 bps of Y/Y margin compression, followed by 6% growth in 2Q on 70 bps of margin compression. Its 1Q AWS revenue growth of 41% assumes further deceleration from 47% in 4Q16 and 64% growth a year ago on a full quarter of lower pricing for certain AWS instances and increased competition. The firm is comfortable w/its 1Q AWS estimate, though it does hear some concerns about growth in the 30's%. Lastly, Amazon s 1Q FXN revenue growth has accelerated for the last 5 years as faster growing categories like household products, consumables, and apparel once again become a bigger mix of the business in the new year. The firm believes it is important for this trend to continue, though it is only captured at the upper half of guidance, including the 150 bps Leap Year impact.

J.P. Morgan believes Snap's first public quarter is critical given the DAU deceleration in 2H16, increasing social competition, and expectations for a strong revenue ramp. It projects 8M DAU net adds in 1Q, up from 5M in 4Q16, w/some help from a stronger 4Q exit (161M DAUs in December), new devices coming online out of the holiday season, and potential IPO bump. The firm s revenue of $136M is down 18% Q/Q, reflecting 1Q brand seasonality & content deal benefits in 4Q, but consensus is higher at $158M (-5% Q/Q) & its conversations w/investors suggest SNAP needs to post Q/Q growth given the early-stage nature of its revenue trajectory. Uber fires back: Google self-driving car suit is 'misfire' Six weeks after being sued by Alphabet (GOOG -0.3% , GOOGL -0.3% ) self-driving car unit Waymo, Uber (Private:UBER) is going public with its defense, calling Waymo's action a "misfire."

Waymo had argued that trade secrets were stolen by ex-engineer Anthony Levandowski, who left Alphabet's embrace to form start-up Otto, quickly acquired by Uber for $680M. Waymo charges Levandowski with planning the move while still at the Google unit, and with downloading 14,000 confidential files.

Uber says it doesn't have the proprietary information and wouldn't need it anyway, since it's using off-the-shelf technology for lidar sensors while it works on its own system.

 Waymo s injunction motion is a misfire: There is no evidence that any of the 14,000 files in question ever touched Uber s servers and Waymo s assertion that our multi-lens lidar is the same as their single-lens lidar is clearly false,  says Uber's Angela Padilla.

If Waymo really thought Uber was using secrets, it wouldn't have waited five months to pursue an injunction, she argues. Waymo says it's "disingenuous" for Uber to say it's never touched the 14,000 files since it's not looking into the computers and devices of the head of its self-driving program. Today's Analyst Moves: Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), NextEra Energy, Inc. (NEE) Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are on a recovery track as they have regained 25.63% since bottoming out at $672.66 on Jun. 27, 2016. Meanwhile, due to an ongoing pressure which caused a decline of almost -0.52% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 6.64% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -3.35% from $874.42 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 17, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 11.18% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to buy Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) s shares projecting a $988.88 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

GOOGL s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 19% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 22.2% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Alphabet Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at 21.58%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 15.61%, and the sector s average is 4.69%. In that light, it seems in weak position compared to its peers and sector.

NextEra Energy, Inc. (NYSE:NEE) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -2.64% since hitting a peak level of $133.28 on Mar. 24, 2017. Thanks to an increase of almost 0.25% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 9.46% so far on the year   still in strong zone. In this case, shares are 19.25% higher from $110.49, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Nov. 14, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 11.15% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $129.76, NEE has a chance to add $7.84 or 6.04% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($137.6) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 1.8 looks like a buy. It has a 36-month beta of 0.28 , so you might not be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, NextEra Energy, Inc. s EPS growth has been nearly 6.4%. Sure, the percentage is encouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 6.86%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. NextEra Energy, Inc. s ROE is 12.41%, while industry s is 14.09%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 10.94%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. NEE s ROA is 3.48%, while industry s average is 7.19%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 5.32. A New Kind of Stock Chart: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Critical Pivot Points 

A New Kind of Stock Chart: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Critical Pivot Points



2017-04-7

This is a real time view of the critical technical pivot points for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) .





There are explosive trends shaping the world of technology right now and the stocks leading those trends can be identified. Tap Here to learn about CML's Famed Top Picks. There are explosive trends shaping the world of technology right now and the stocks leading those trends can be identified.

Current Price $842.10 Technical Support $835.14 Technical Resistance $856.75 52 Week Low $672.66 10-day Moving Average $846.48 50-day Moving Average $845.70 200-day Moving Average $804.33 52 Week High $874.42

The technical pivot points we look at all surround the stock price movement from the last 10-trading days through the last year. Here are the pivots, starting with the tightest measures of support and resistance, and then moving to the various moving averages and annual range.

Alphabet Inc Pivot Points Scatterplot ( a new stock chart, built for traders )

green

red

blue

Next we move to a graphical representation of the critical technical pivot points.You can hover over the points to see the actual prices.Thepivot point to the far right is the 52 week high.Thepivot point to the far left is the 52 week low.Thepivot point is the current stock price.The three pivot points in the middle represent the moving averages.The nextpivot point isThe nextpivot point isThis is a new kind of stock chart   one built for traders that bypasses the weaknesses of only looking at a time series as it shortens the time to conclusion about a stock's critical technical position.  Look how easily we can see that the current price (the blue points) isall of the purple dots, which are the 200-, 50- and 10-day moving averages, respectively, pointing to the proximity of the next critical pivot point.  The stock price isthe 200-day moving average  The stock price isthe 50-day moving average  The stock price isthe 10-day moving averageThis scatterplot for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) , with the technical pivot points marked as points in timea time series, is the next evolution of stock chart.You can get this same chart for any stock here: Alphabet Inc. (GOOG), BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Stock Eyes Ahead of ... Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) dropped -0.42% to $827.88. During the trading on 04/06/2017, Company s stock ranged from $836.39 to $826.46.

The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 48.93 that is neither bought nor sold range.

Brokerage Rating

Zacks offers analysts with an Average Broker Rating (or ABR), basing it on sell-side recommendations.

Presently Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock have an ABR of 1.40. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. Looking ahead to earnings forecasts, for the running fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have anticipated that the company will report 9.53 earnings per share. This is the current Zacks consensus EPS which was calculated at the time of writing. Analysts might review their estimates as they will get closer to the actual results date.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) share price decreased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $853.50. The stock was trading on below-average volume. The stock traded at a volume of 1.25 million shares. The share price is now up 4.26% for the past three months. Latest closing price was 0.23% above its 50-day moving average and 5.77% above its 200-day moving average.

On 04/06/2017 close, BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ:BMRN) rose 0.89% to $86.89. The stock currently has a Market Cap of $15.10B.

Price Target in Focus

Even though monitoring stock technical is significant, most stockholders are more apprehensive about where the stock might be going now. Equity research analysts have given opinions on where they foresees the stock level. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are forecasting a harmony target price of $111.20 on company shares. This is a near-term estimation for the next 12-18 months.

While trading at volume above than average, BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (NASDAQ:BMRN) previous 52-week high was $102.49 and moved down -1.03% over the same period, trading at a volume of 1.25 million. Shares have dropped -9.41% over the trailing 6 months. The stock is currently trading -2.97% below its SMA 50 and -2.66% below its SMA 200. Stocks with Considerable News: Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), Unilever N.V ... Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) moved down -0.42% in last regular trading with 1.25 Million trading volume. The domain name  Googlee  has gone to search engine major Google (GOOGL) declared that as Delhi High Court held that it was registered in bad faith, and not a coincidence, by an entity. The high court refused to interfere with the decision of an arbitrator ruling in favour of Google and transferred the domain name Googlee.in to the Internet major.

It also took a dig at the man for filing an appeal against the arbitrator s decision, saying that perhaps it was wrong  Googlee  by him in adopting the domain name Googlee.in.  Is a  Googlee  a wrong one? A cricket enthusiast will say,  Yes of course . In the virtual world too, the answer is well, yes, petitioner GulshanKhatri found to his consternation, when he used it as a domain name: googlee.in ,  Justice S Muralidhar said. Khatri had moved the high court challenging the May 2011 decision of the arbitrator, who had held that googlee.in, the domain name registered by him, was deceptively similar to the one registered by Google.Interestingly, Justice Muralidhar in his judgment has put a screenshot of the home page of googlee.in to substantiate the claim of the parties and did not find any merit in the petitioner s submission that  Googlee.in  was not similar to  Google .

Sunoco LP (NYSE:SUN) finished trading at $28.69. Corporation has the current ratio of 1.20 for the most recent quarter with 52-week high price of $-14.12% and its 52-week low was recorded at $40.48%. Sunoco (SUN) declared that it is selling most of its convenience stores to 7-Eleven in a deal valued at $3.3 billion as it looks to focus more on its fuel supply business. 7-Eleven Inc. will get about 1,110 convenience stores, mostly along the East Coast and in Texas.

Approximately 200 convenience stores in Texas, New Mexico and Oklahoma will be sold separately. The transaction also includes fuel, merchandise and other inventories. It does not include Sunoco s APlus franchisee-run stores or its Aloha Petroleum unit in Hawaii. As part of the deal, Sunoco LP will have a 15-year take-or-pay fuel supply contract with a 7-Eleven subsidiary, under which Sunoco will supply approximately 2.2 billion gallons of fuel a year. The sale, reported Thursday, is expected to close by the fourth quarter.

Its total outstanding shares are 3018.93 million shares and a floated share was 2842.50 million. Its beta value stands at 0.93 times and price to earnings ratio was 25.56. Investor's Watch List SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (NYSE:SEAS), Alphabet Inc ... On Thursday, SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (NYSE:SEAS) stock opened its trade at $17.50 and after floating in a range of $17.03 to $17.62, settled at $17.05. The stock lost -4.96% in total of its share price. The stock s 52-week range is $11.77   $21.84.

SEAS stock s price is now -20.32% down from its 52-week high and +45.95% up from its 52-week low. Taking a look into the performance of SEAS stock, investor will come to know that the weekly performance for this stock is valued at -6.78%, resulting in a performance for the month at -6.47%. Therefore, the stated figure displays a quarterly performance of -10.22% and year to date performance of -9.93%.

Shares of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) declined -0.45% to $845.09. Stock exchanged hands with the total volume of 0.97 Million shares, as contrast to its average volume of 1.50 Million shares. The 52-week range of the share price is from $672.66   $874.42. For trailing twelve months, EPS value for the stock is $28.26.

Beta factor of the stock stands at 0.97. Beta factor is used to measure the volatility of the stock. The stock remained 1.04% volatile for the week and 1.13% for the month. Looking into the profitability ratios of GOOGL stock, investor will find its ROE, ROA, ROI standing at 14.90%, 12.30% and 13.30%, respectively. Google says Fact Check now available in Google Search and News around the world  
2017-04-06
Alphabet Should Try To Acquire Micron The importance of NAND is being highlighted with the bids for Toshiba's memory business. Micron's 3D NAND is a gem that Google, Amazon and Apple (among others) likely desire.

IaaS is still in its infancy. AWS is king, but Alphabet could gain a hardware advantage by keeping all of Micron's advanced memory products for its own use.

One of my favorite things about Seeking Alpha is reading about new ideas and stories that are not part of the general investment community's take on a company. There is probably no one who writes about ideas that better fits that mold as contributor Stephen Breezy. Before Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) Rob Crooke and Micron's (NASDAQ:MU) Mark Durcan presented 3D XPoint to the world for the first time, Breezy published what I consider the most interesting article I have seen on the site.

He also wrote an article titled "Intel Has No Plans for 10 Nanometer Chips." I could not help but immediately think of President Donald Trump sitting in the Oval Office reading this story and shouting "FAKE NEWS!" The idea is borderline crazy and I thought then (and still do now) that there is a 0% chance the Intel doesn't progress to 10nm soon. Today, I am going to channel my inner-Breezy (the crazier version) and attempt to stir the rumor mill of a potential acquisition of Micron.

I firmly believe Micron is more likely than not to remain an independent company over the balance of this decade and perhaps far beyond that. However, if Micron were to be acquired, its partner in developing non-volatile memory technologies, Intel, is almost certainly the top candidate. Intel's acquisition of Micron would give the old semiconductor giant total control of the transformative 3D NAND and 3D XPoint technologies along with Micron's DRAM and other emerging memory businesses. The process of integrating Micron into Intel's business is likely to be much smoother than it would be for any other potential acquirer.

I wrote an article on this site in 2015 with the notion that Micron should be a target for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Clearly, there's more than a few people who think the idea is absurd and there's way more hurdles to an Apple-Micron deal than would exist in an Intel and Micron combination. With talk of Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Apple and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) potentially making a bid for Toshiba's memory business, I began to revisit the idea of a possible combination of Micron with a current customer who could eventually consume the bulk of Micron's wafer capacity.

While the duo of Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) and Silver Lake got most of the news coverage over the last week for its big bid of Toshiba's memory business, I still believe that Western Digital (NYSE:WDC) should still be considered the most likely company to lead a group in the acquisition of Toshiba's memory business. Amazon, Apple and Google seem like long shots at the moment as potential acquirers of Toshiba's memory business. The strategic importance of having a guaranteed stable supply of NAND (and other memory products) is critical to the expansion of all three of these companies.

I believe there's a strong case for Alphabet to acquire Micron. The four primary reasons are:

Alphabet could subsidize the cost of mobile DRAM and NAND for new smartphone manufacturers entering the low budget market that could significantly expand Google's presence in emerging markets.

In Yahoo Finance's presentation of Berkshire Hathaway's (NYSE:BRK.A) (NYSE:BRK.B) 2017 annual shareholder meeting, there was a quick segment about a theoretical person named "Jane Berkshire" who is supposed to represent the average person and the importance of Berkshire Hathaway's portfolio companies have on her life. The basic story is as follows:

Jane wakes up with an alarm clock that runs on Duracell batteries. She jumps in the shower and uses many Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) products. She grabs a morning paper. In many places across the country, the local or regional newspaper company is a subsidiary of Berkshire. She enjoys Ore-Ida hash browns while reading. She jumps in a car that she bought from a Berkshire car dealership. That car is insured by Geico. When Jane gets to work, she uses software that runs on IBM (NYSE:IBM) servers.

While at her computer, she checks the balances of her Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) account. She goes to lunch at the cafeteria and drinks a Coke (NYSE:KO). In the afternoon, she gets a snack of See's Candy. She stops by Costco (NASDAQ:COST) to go grocery shopping. At Costco, she buys products from Kraft (NASDAQ:KHC) and Heinz. Those products arrived at Costco from a McLane truck or a BNSF train.

Jane then makes a quick stop at Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) where she buys Brookes running shoes. She pays at the cash register with an American Express (NYSE:AXP) credit card. She stops by Burger King (BKW) for dinner. She stops by Dairy Queen for dessert. She relaxes at home by watching TV using DirecTV. I may have missed a few, but you get the point.

Like Berkshire Hathaway, Alphabet (Google's parent company) tries to make itself critical to all phases of the average man's life. I will refer to Alphabet's version of Jane Hathaway as Joe Google. Joe begins his day by being awakened by his alarm clock from his Android-powered smartphone. He checks his Gmail on his Chromebook. He received an email from a friend telling him to watch a funny clip on YouTube. He opens up his Chrome browser on his desktop computer that connects to the Internet via Google Fiber.

He jumps in a car (that someday may become a self-driving Google-powered machine) and gets directions to his client's place of business via Google Maps and Waze. When he gets to his office, he searches for information about Micron on Google's search engine. He sees ads from Google adSense trying to sell DRAM to Joe Google. He checks his messages from his friends and family on Google Hangout. He then checks his schedule on Google calendar and he gets a reminder to review spreadsheets on Google docs. Well, you get the point.

Unlike Berkshire Hathaway, use of one of Alphabet's products significantly increases the odds that the user will use many other Alphabet products. There's an enormous synergy by combining all of these products under the Alphabet umbrella. A core recipe in Alphabet's continued success is to get as many people as possible into the Google ecosystem of products and services. One of the best ways to get people hooked into the Google ecosystem is to get someone to use an Android smartphone.

According to Gartner, 99.6% of smartphones sold in the 4th quarter of 2016 ran either Android or iOS. Windows phones held the bulk of the remaining market share with a paltry 0.3% total market share. Of the 432 million smartphones sold in the last quarter of 2016, 352 million ran on Android. According to Strategy Analytics, global smartphone penetration will increase from 39% in 2016 to 44% in 2017. That number will grow to 59% in 2022. Despite the slowdown in the growth rate of smartphone sales, there still is meaningful room for growth, particularly in emerging markets.

Google has grown its OS market share from 1.6% in Q1 of 2009 to 81.7% in Q4 of 2016. This meteoric growth of Android can be attributed to its friendly initial cost to phone manufacturers ($0), which led to more developers creating apps for the platform, which in turn spurred more phone manufacturers to adopt Android and the cycle continued until this OS has come to dominate the market. While Google gave away Android for free, the company still had significant development costs associated with Android and royalty fees have to be paid to Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) on each Android phone built.

The revenue/cost structure of Android would be ridiculous for any company in the world not named Google. Google gives away Android for free in order to get more users into its ecosystem, which ultimately generates significant long-term value for Google over the course of a user's lifetime. While this has made Android the most popular mobile OS by a wide margin, Apple still took the bulk of the smartphone industry's profit for years.

In fact, Apple had over a 100% share of the industry's profit in Q3 2016. Unfortunately, for Google, the vast majority of smartphone manufacturers using the Android OS, other than Samsung (OTC:SSNLF), consistently lose money. That simple fact is going to make it hard to drive prices of Android-powered smartphones significantly lower and the number of new major smartphone manufacturers will remain small for an extended number of years. One way for Google to change this narrative is for it to acquire Micron.

If Alphabet were to acquire Micron, the Mountain View company could encourage new entrants into the smartphone manufacturing business by offering (significantly) discounted LPDRAM and mobile NAND. Google has shown immense interest in spreading low cost smartphones to the emerging market with its Android One project. The ability of Alphabet to discount mobile memory chips will allow manufacturers that want to build smartphones in the $50 price range to enter the low cost smartphone market.

More Android smartphone manufacturers will keep prices in check and force innovation in a highly competitive and crowded smartphone market. The best way for Alphabet to speed up global smartphone penetration is to acquire Micron and use its mobile memory products to spur the adoption of Android smartphones across India and other key emerging markets.

Amazon's AWS (Amazon Web Services) is currently the king of the cloud. Lower cost DRAM and NAND combined with unparalleled access to high performance XPoint and the "New Memory" with DRAM-like performance could give Alphabet a chance to offer greater performance at lower costs relative to AWS.

Chamath Palihapitiya, a prominent venture capitalist, stated that Amazon has the potential to reach a $3 trillion valuation. Interestingly, he believes that half of that $3 trillion valuation is attributable to Amazon Web Services (AWS). In Q4 2016, AWS reported revenue of $3.54 billion and operating income of $926 million. That is a far cry from numbers that would be expected from a business that could someday be worth $1.5 trillion. Suffice it to say, there is at least one venture capitalist who believes AWS's strong growth will be measured across decades, not years.

If a business earns less than $1 billion per quarter in operating profit, there is going to need to be significant growth over an extended period of time to reach a $1.5 trillion valuation. While there is no doubt AWS is the current king of the cloud and has gained a strong reputation and the largest market share, this market is still in the very early innings of the game. If the market size is anywhere close to what Palihapitiya believes, we may have only witnessed the first at-bat at this stage.

If Alphabet is to compete with AWS, Alphabet's IaaS business could benefit greatly from a Micron acquisition. The massive buildout phase of the data centers needed to provide these services is going to span well over a decade. If Palihapitiya is correct about the size of the market, Alphabet could eventually consume close to all of Micron's memory internally in the buildout of its IaaS business (and other core businesses). The acquisition of Micron will guarantee supply of critical memory components indefinitely.

In the area of high performance computing, Alphabet could utilize Micron's 3D XPoint, New Memory B (a non-volatile memory with DRAM-like performance), low cost DRAM and perhaps even the Automata Processor to allow for a hardware advantage by locking out competitors from Micron's portfolio of semiconductor products. For data storage in the cloud, it is now well-established that the total cost of ownership of NAND-based SSDs (3D NAND in particular) is lower than that of HDDs.

Rumors of what Micron's New Memory B is ran rampant for years before Micron announced it will have DRAM-like latency. Before this announcement, many believed Micron is working on a non-volatile memory that is a fraction of the cost of NAND and would be essential in eventually putting a nail in the coffin of the HDD.

I believe development of such a memory commenced years ago and such a product could potentially be the ultimate solution for the cold storage market. A significant advantage in cost per bit in 3D NAND (and perhaps an even larger edge with this new memory) would give Alphabet a huge cost savings relative to AWS and other competitors during the era of building large data centers.

The autonomous car is going to need a lot of memory. It is going to be difficult to guarantee the supply of critical memory components if demand for the autonomous car is anywhere close to what Intel and Alphabet envision.

Brian Krzanich, CEO of Intel, stated at Automobility that self-driving cars will generate about 4TB of data per hour of driving. How much of that will need to be stored for an extended period of time? It's an interesting question with a wide range of possibilities. I want to put what 4TB per hour is in perspective. Let's assume around 180EB of NAND produced in the world in 2017. For your reference, 1EB = 1,000PB = 1,000,000TB. If every bit of NAND this year is used to store data from autonomous vehicles, there would only be enough NAND for 45 million hours of recorded data.

Americans spend about 293 hours per year in a car. If all the data generated were stored, there would only be enough NAND produced this year for less than 154,000 autonomous cars in the United States, a country where 17.6 million cars were sold in 2016. Over 88 million cars were sold globally last year.

Let's not get carried away here. Only a very small percentage of data being recorded by autonomous cars should be stored permanently. The self-navigation system does not need all the data from all of the cameras and sensors on the car throughout a trip. The most important data is the newest data and perhaps a couple of seconds of data prior to the present will be used regularly. However, no data scientist will ever turn down extra data and one should expect significantly more than the minimum amount of data required to be stored.

Once you factor in infotainment systems, redundancies and "future-proofing," the autonomous vehicle for advancements that could occur during the lifetime of the car, there is a wide range of possibilities of how much storage each autonomous vehicle will have. Whatever you believe that number to be, any reasonable estimate (somewhere between hundreds of GBs to tens of TBs) will lead you to the conclusion that the autonomous vehicle will drive NAND (and DRAM or a memory with DRAM-like latency or better) demand to levels where the current worldwide NAND wafer capacity, even under the very aggressive assumption of 40% bit growth per wafer per year, is nowhere near enough to meet what will be required from the autonomous vehicle industry that will likely come to define the 2020s decade.

Google can inject young engineering talent that frequently overlooks the possibility of working at Micron.

Working in Idaho is not exactly what top engineering students from MIT, Stanford and other elite engineering schools typically have in mind once they graduate. Google's reputation has attracted the best and brightest. Just appending the Google name to Micron's semiconductor business will likely inject new blood into an industry that is on the cusp of significant change and needing the type of research and development widely associated with Google's "moonshot" projects.

I don't make a habit of offering poker tips. In poker, if your bluffs are never getting called or rarely get called, you are likely giving up a huge amount of profits by not bluffing frequently enough. If you call with a weak hand and find yourself winning a disproportionate percentage of the time, you are likely getting bluffed left and right without even realizing it. Playing optimal poker, as is the case in any business, is nothing more than making decisions that maximize your expected return.

At times, projects with a high likelihood of failure or ones where determining the probability of success is difficult to assess produce high expected returns. Inevitably, a good number of these projects will end in failure and losses. That's the nature of the game for both poker and the tech business. Acquiring Micron presents numerous risks to Alphabet, but the potential rewards for Alphabet more than justify that risk.

If I ever wake up to the news of Micron being acquired, I expect to see the name Intel in the headlines. Alphabet would be my distant second guess. The Toshiba bidding has made it abundantly clear that there would be no shortage of suitors if Micron comes in to play someday. Even with the poison pill provision in effect and Intel's voice, Micron should now be considered an acquisition target.

Disclosure: I am/we are long MU.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Insider Trading Activity Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)   CEO Sold 4000 shares of ... Insider Trading Activity For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Sundar Pichai , CEO of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) reportedly Sold 4,000 shares of the company s stock at an average price of 837.31 for a total transaction amount of $3,349,240.00 SEC Form

Insider Trading History For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

On 8/13/2012 Kavitark Ram Shriram, Director, sold 50,200 with an average share price of $650.10 per share and the total transaction amounting to $32,635,020.00. View SEC Filing

On 10/8/2012 Lawrence Page, CEO, sold 20,833 with an average share price of $757.34 per share and the total transaction amounting to $15,777,664.22. View SEC Filing

On 11/14/2012 Lawrence Page, CEO, sold 27,778 with an average share price of $656.16 per share and the total transaction amounting to $18,226,812.48. View SEC Filing

On 11/27/2012 Eric E Schmidt, Chairman, sold 9,631 with an average share price of $670.79 per share and the total transaction amounting to $6,460,378.49. View SEC Filing

On 12/24/2012 Eric E Schmidt, Chairman, sold 24,250 with an average share price of $709.98 per share and the total transaction amounting to $17,217,015.00. View SEC Filing

On 12/26/2012 Eric E Schmidt, Chairman, sold 3,625 with an average share price of $708.43 per share and the total transaction amounting to $2,568,058.75. View SEC Filing

On 12/27/2012 Eric E Schmidt, Chairman, sold 47,250 with an average share price of $704.45 per share and the total transaction amounting to $33,285,262.50. View SEC Filing

Analyst Ratings For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

These are 1 Sell Rating, 4 Hold Ratings, 40 Buy Ratings .

The current consensus rating for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is Buy (Score: 2.87) with a consensus target price of $960.36 , a potential (15.51% upside)

Analyst Ratings History For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

On 5/20/2016 Bank of America Corp Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $925.00

On 6/8/2016 Maxim Group Reiterated Rating Overweight with a price target of $865.00 to $850.00

On 7/6/2016 Longbow Research Initiated Coverage of rating Buy

On 7/29/2016 Sanford C. Bernstein Set Price Target of rating Buy with a price target of $950.00

On 7/31/2016 Axiom Securities Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $970.00 to $990.00

On 8/1/2016 Independent Research GmbH Set Price Target of rating Neutral with a price target of $870.00

On 9/23/2016 Moffett Nathanson Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $925.00

About Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Alphabet Inc. is a holding company. The Company s businesses include Google Inc. (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. The Google segment is engaged in advertising, sales of digital content, applications and cloud offerings, and sales of hardware products. The Other Bets segment is engaged in the sales of Internet and television services through Google Fiber, sales of Nest products and services, and licensing and research and development (R&D) services through Verily. It offers Google Assistant, which allows users to type or talk with Google; Google Maps, which helps users navigate to a store, and Google Photos, which helps users store and organize all of their photos.

Recent Trading Activity for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Shares of Alphabet Inc closed the previous trading session at 831.41 down -3.16 -0.38% with 1,555,328 shares trading hands.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. With An ROE Of 15%, Has Alphabet Inc's (GOOG) Management Done A Good Job? Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) delivered 15% ROE over the past year, compared to 23.53% generated by its industry. While an inferior ROE points towards a relatively inefficient performance, knowing the nuts and bolts of ROE calculation may change that perspective. Check out our latest analysis for Alphabet

Breaking down ROE   the mother of all ratios

ROE is one of the most popular ratios to calculate the profitability of a company. The ratio is arrived by putting net earnings in the numerator and shareholders  equity in the denominator.Generally, an ROE of 20% or more is considered highly attractive for any investment consideration. Although, it s more of an industry-specific ratio as the constituents share similar risk profile.

Return on Equity = Net Profit   Shareholders Equity

ROE above the cost of equity estimate indicates value creation, which apparently is the only reason shares rally. The cost of equity can be estimated through a popular and Nobel-prize winning method called Capital Asset Pricing Model (CAPM). With a few sets of assumptions, the CAPM pegs GOOG s cost of equity at 10.75%, compared to its ROE of 15%.





Using Dupont Analysis, we find out that ROE is composed of three ratios: profit margin, asset turnover, and financial leverage. The method reflects the impact of change in key figures in both the income statement and the balance sheet. The analysis provides a bird s-eye view on the strengths and weaknesses of the company.

Dupont Formula ROE = annual net profit   shareholders  equity ROE = (annual net profit   sales)   (sales   assets)   (assets   shareholders  equity) ROE = profit margin   asset turnover   financial leverage

A trend of profit growing faster than revenue is indicative of improvement in ROE. While investors should assess the past correlation between them, an assessment of the analysts  profit and revenue forecast points to the most likely scenario going forward.While the change in a company s asset turnover ratio is important in assessing the quality of ROE, an equally important aspect is its comparison to the industry average. Alphabet generated an ROA of 9.4% versus the industry s 9.18%. For an industry, ROA, which is earnings as a percentage of assets, is a sound representation of asset turnover.

We can assess whether GOOG is fuelling ROE by excessively raising debt or it has a balanced capital structure by looking at the historic debt-equity trend of the company. While Alphabet s debt to equity ratio currently stands at 0.03, investors should assess how it has changed over the past few years. To account for leverage, we should look at GOOG s Return on capital, which stood at 16% in the past year versus industry s 6.78%. ROC is earnings as a percentage of overall employed capital compared to just equity as in the case of ROE.

Why is ROE called the mother of all ratios

While ROE can be calculated through a very simple calculation, investors should look at various ratios by breaking it down and how each of them affects the return to understand the strengths and weakness of a company. It s one of the few ratios which stitches together performance metrics from the income statement and the balance sheet. What are the analysts  projection of Alphabet s ROE in three years? I recommend you see our latest FREE analysis report to find out!

If you are not interested in GOOG anymore, you can use our free platform to see my list of stocks with Return on Equity over 20%. YouTube sets new ad requirement to fight content stealing Already in the spotlight due to ads appearing next to inappropriate content, YouTube (GOOG -0.4% , GOOGL -0.5% ) is taking steps against content stealing on its platform with a move to only place ads on videos from partner-program participants once their channels reach 10,000 lifetime views

Previous revenue on videos from sub-10,000-view channels won't be affected, but from here channels will need to cross that threshold (chosen for "minimal impact" on new creators) before they get reviewed to see if they qualify for ad placements.

It's also adding a review process for applicants to its YouTube Partner Program, which allows for multiple monetization methods for YouTube creators.

YouTube blog entry Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO Sundar Pichai Sells 4000 Shares Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) CEO Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $849.50, for a total transaction of $3,398,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 2,123 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,803,488.50. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website.

Sundar Pichai also recently made the following trade(s):

On Wednesday, April 5th, Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of Alphabet stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $837.31, for a total transaction of $3,349,240.00.

On Wednesday, March 1st, Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of Alphabet stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $830.96, for a total transaction of $3,323,840.00.

On Wednesday, February 22nd, Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of Alphabet stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $830.47, for a total transaction of $3,321,880.00.

On Wednesday, February 8th, Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of Alphabet stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $809.21, for a total transaction of $3,236,840.00.

On Wednesday, January 18th, Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of Alphabet stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $808.06, for a total transaction of $3,232,240.00.

On Wednesday, January 4th, Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of Alphabet stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $790.38, for a total transaction of $3,161,520.00.

On Wednesday, December 21st, Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of Alphabet stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $797.70, for a total transaction of $3,190,800.00.

Shares of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) opened at 824.67 on Monday. The firm has a market capitalization of $570.19 billion, a P/E ratio of 29.58 and a beta of 0.94. The firm s 50-day moving average is $827.97 and its 200-day moving average is $795.10. Alphabet Inc has a 52 week low of $663.28 and a 52 week high of $853.50.

Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $9.36 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters  consensus estimate of $9.67 by $0.31. Alphabet had a net margin of 21.58% and a return on equity of 14.85%. The company had revenue of $26.04 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $25.18 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $8.67 earnings per share. The company s quarterly revenue was up 22.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that Alphabet Inc will post $33.24 EPS for the current year.

COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally reported by Sports Perspectives and is the sole property of of Sports Perspectives. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://sportsperspectives.com/2017/04/10/sundar-pichai-sells-4000-shares-of-alphabet-inc-goog-stock-3-updated.html.

Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Curbstone Financial Management Corp raised its position in shares of Alphabet by 0.6% in the third quarter. Curbstone Financial Management Corp now owns 3,264 shares of the company s stock valued at $2,537,000 after buying an additional 20 shares during the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its position in shares of Alphabet by 20.2% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 809,567 shares of the company s stock valued at $629,268,000 after buying an additional 136,228 shares during the last quarter. Washington Trust Bank raised its position in shares of Alphabet by 13.9% in the third quarter. Washington Trust Bank now owns 531 shares of the company s stock valued at $413,000 after buying an additional 65 shares during the last quarter. Park National Corp OH raised its position in shares of Alphabet by 2.0% in the third quarter. Park National Corp OH now owns 822 shares of the company s stock valued at $639,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Carnick & Kubik Group LLC acquired a new position in shares of Alphabet during the second quarter valued at approximately $911,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 34.74% of the company s stock.

A number of research firms recently weighed in on GOOG. Cantor Fitzgerald reissued an  overweight  rating and set a $1,040.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday, January 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a  buy  rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. BMO Capital Markets reissued an  outperform  rating and set a $1,000.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Stifel Nicolaus reissued a  buy  rating on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a  buy  rating and set a $1,000.00 price objective on shares of Alphabet in a report on Thursday, January 12th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and forty-two have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of  Buy  and a consensus target price of $956.80.

Alphabet Company Profile

Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.

Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Going to Provide Tools to Help Developers Analyze ... Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) day-trade ended finally moving down -0.38% to close at $831.41. Following a few years of permitting cross-platform game developers use Play Games Services tools, Google in a blog post said that support for iOS will be dropped due to low usage. The Google Play Games Services provides tools to help developers analyze and optimize their games for users on Android, iOS, and the Web. Removing iOS support means developers will not be able to use features from Play Games Services for iOS games.

As well, Google s latest Native SDK release (2.3) will not be supporting iOS and will wholly drop support and updates for iOS SDK. Google already ended support for adding new iOS accounts to Google Play Games Services in December. According to the Android Developers Blog, Google will also be withdrawing some Play Games Services (GPGS) features on Android based on developer feedback.

These features include Gifts, Requests, and Quests, which have received low usage from developers. Meanwhile, engagement and reporting tools continue to be used extensively and the company will be focussing its development on these. GOOG had a trade volume of 1.55 Million shares as compared to average trading capacity of 1487.09 shares. Shares price moved down from its 50 days moving average with 0.67% and remote positively from 200 days moving average with 6.31%.

CEMEX, S.A.B. (NYSE:CX) stock in last trading session plunged -0.75% to the closing price of $9.30. Mexican cement maker, Cemex expected to keep its Croatian operations following European Commission blocked their sale to Hungary s Duna-Drava Cement Kft, Cemex said in a statement on Wednesday. CEMEX Croatia operates 3 cement plants, 7 concrete plants, 2 quarries and a network of maritime and land-based terminals in Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina and Montenegro, the company said. Duna-Drava Cement KFT is a joint venture owned by German HeidelbergCement AG and SchwenkZement AG. Its 52-week range quite noticeable, lower range was $69.40% and hit highest level of $-2.21%. The overall volume in the last trading session was 15.23 Million shares. The firm shares 50 day moving average were calculated 4.10%. Rathbone Brothers plc Buys Sherwin-Williams Co, Alphabet, Global Payments ... New Purchases: SHW , GPN , ORLY , MS, EWJ, EWU, TGI, TXN, GDX, PIN,

Added Positions:GOOG, WEC, MO, CL, GOOGL, CRM, DFS, KO, GLD, EL,

Reduced Positions:VZ, RAI, BKU, AAPL, INTC, AMZN, KHC, RY, C, MMC,

Sold Out:FSLR, WPPGY, ITA, IWB, GSS, AMBC, ESBA, DOW, CVE, CCJ,

For the details of Rathbone Brothers plc's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=Rathbone+Brothers+plc

Verizon Communications Inc ( VZ ) - 2,414,401 shares, 5.39% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 15.7% Visa Inc ( V ) - 827,619 shares, 3.37% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 1.75% Amazon.com Inc ( AMZN ) - 81,930 shares, 3.32% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.39% Coca-Cola Co ( KO ) - 1,476,749 shares, 2.87% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 4.10% Apple Inc ( AAPL ) - 430,177 shares, 2.83% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 14.09%

Rathbone Brothers plc initiated holdings in Sherwin-Williams Co. The purchase prices were between $274.54 and $315.36, with an estimated average price of $302.15. The stock is now traded at around $309.28. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 1%. The holdings were 70,200 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc initiated holdings in Global Payments Inc. The purchase prices were between $70.5 and $80.89, with an estimated average price of $78.41. The stock is now traded at around $77.75. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.85%. The holdings were 230,000 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc initiated holdings in O'Reilly Automotive Inc. The purchase prices were between $254.35 and $282.81, with an estimated average price of $270.93. The stock is now traded at around $255.17. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.83%. The holdings were 67,300 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc initiated holdings in Morgan Stanley. The purchase prices were between $41.58 and $46.83, with an estimated average price of $44.37. The stock is now traded at around $41.74. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.24%. The holdings were 120,078 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc initiated holdings in iShares MSCI Japan Index Fund. The purchase prices were between $48.86 and $52.34, with an estimated average price of $51.11. The stock is now traded at around $51.22. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.19%. The holdings were 82,049 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc initiated holdings in iShares MSCI United Kingdom. The purchase prices were between $30.69 and $32.66, with an estimated average price of $31.77. The stock is now traded at around $32.30. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.14%. The holdings were 94,496 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc added to the holdings in Alphabet Inc by 219.93%. The purchase prices were between $786.14 and $852.12, with an estimated average price of $820.39. The stock is now traded at around $831.41. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.93%. The holdings were 35,487 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc added to the holdings in WEC Energy Group Inc by 38.46%. The purchase prices were between $57.03 and $61.16, with an estimated average price of $58.94. The stock is now traded at around $61.27. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.35%. The holdings were 450,000 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc added to the holdings in Altria Group Inc by 21.93%. The purchase prices were between $67.51 and $76.45, with an estimated average price of $72.37. The stock is now traded at around $71.93. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.3%. The holdings were 506,475 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc added to the holdings in Colgate-Palmolive Co by 30.12%. The purchase prices were between $64.53 and $74.44, with an estimated average price of $70. The stock is now traded at around $73.46. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.27%. The holdings were 346,559 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc added to the holdings in Discover Financial Services by 33.79%. The purchase prices were between $66.79 and $73.94, with an estimated average price of $70.2. The stock is now traded at around $66.12. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.14%. The holdings were 175,812 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc added to the holdings in SPDR Gold Trust by 25.51%. The purchase prices were between $109.61 and $119.7, with an estimated average price of $116.14. The stock is now traded at around $119.62. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.11%. The holdings were 101,584 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc sold out the holdings in iShares U.S. Aerospace & Defense. The sale prices were between $140.52 and $153.96, with an estimated average price of $147.

Rathbone Brothers plc sold out the holdings in First Solar Inc. The sale prices were between $27.1 and $37.9, with an estimated average price of $32.79.

Rathbone Brothers plc sold out the holdings in WPP PLC. The sale prices were between $102.98 and $118.92, with an estimated average price of $112.26.

Rathbone Brothers plc sold out the holdings in Empire State Realty OP LP. The sale prices were between $19.63 and $21.8, with an estimated average price of $20.5.

Rathbone Brothers plc sold out the holdings in The Western Union Co. The sale prices were between $19.53 and $22.57, with an estimated average price of $20.39.

Rathbone Brothers plc sold out the holdings in Ambac Financial Group Inc. The sale prices were between $17.72 and $22.87, with an estimated average price of $21.04.

Rathbone Brothers plc reduced to the holdings in Reynolds American Inc by 92.31%. The sale prices were between $55.19 and $63.02, with an estimated average price of $60.08. The stock is now traded at around $63.57. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -1%. Rathbone Brothers plc still held 29,355 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc reduced to the holdings in BankUnited Inc by 65.37%. The sale prices were between $35.28 and $40.84, with an estimated average price of $38.05. The stock is now traded at around $36.51. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.61%. Rathbone Brothers plc still held 170,773 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc reduced to the holdings in Gilead Sciences Inc by 60.96%. The sale prices were between $65.59 and $76.38, with an estimated average price of $70.32. The stock is now traded at around $66.47. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.04%. Rathbone Brothers plc still held 7,454 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc reduced to the holdings in Wal-Mart Stores Inc by 20.64%. The sale prices were between $65.66 and $72.39, with an estimated average price of $69.04. The stock is now traded at around $71.65. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.03%. Rathbone Brothers plc still held 33,198 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc reduced to the holdings in Imperial Oil Ltd by 53.41%. The sale prices were between $30.16 and $35.23, with an estimated average price of $32.32. The stock is now traded at around $30.27. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.02%. Rathbone Brothers plc still held 9,225 shares as of 2017-03-31.

Rathbone Brothers plc reduced to the holdings in Qualcomm Inc by 40.6%. The sale prices were between $52.66 and $66.88, with an estimated average price of $58.02. The stock is now traded at around $56.47. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.01%. Rathbone Brothers plc still held 4,242 shares as of 2017-03-31.

This article first appeared on GuruFocus . EPS Projection Of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) At $9.3933 Probably known better as KFC, Kentucky Fried Chicken announced, today, a plan to be completely antibiotic-free by the end of 2018. Basically, KFC US will only buy its chicken from ... Neustar Inc announced new advanced marketing analytics partnership with Google  
2017-04-10
Alphabet: Coming Price Range As Seen By Big$ Funds No guarantees, but explicitly stated are odds of profitability now and extent of interim price drawdowns and ultimate payoff opportunity, based on actual market history.

Comparisons of today's expectations for the subject with similar prior upside-to-downside prospect forecasts made in the past 5 years tell what subsequently happened to its price.

This is NOT a "technical analysis" of past prices. Instead, it is a behavioral analysis of forward-looking protective hedging actions. For Alphabet stock now, is an opportunity arriving?

Competitive, economic, technological, political reasons won't be discussed, since they are subsumed in the analysis producing the price forecasts. Please consult other Seeking Alpha contributors for such details.

This fixed-format report is focused on the next 3-4 months: prices yet to come, how big gains might be, what drawdowns might be encountered and the odds of possible loss.

The upfront conclusion

Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock is fairly attractive to investors whose principal concern is wealth building through capital gains. Investors with interest in income or defensive protection are urged to invest their time and attention in more productive (for them) articles on Seeking Alpha.

This stock ranks second behind Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) in the 50 stocks and ETFs of most interest to SA readers, and ranks 310th among the ~2,500+ issues we evaluate daily, based on coming price expectations of experienced, well-informed, at-risk market professionals.

The past 6 months' daily forecast trend

Hedging by market professionals to protect at-risk commitments of their firm's capital - necessary for balancing buyer-seller transaction volumes - provides a sophisticated, indirect way to see just how far up and down market prices of stocks and ETFs are believed likely to travel. These are beliefs of experienced professionals witnessing the "order flow" of clients in daily contact with them, typically over several years.

Analysis of specific security market actions subsequent to those expectations provides a qualitative sense of how well prior forecasts like those of today led to profitable positions. Figure 1 pictures the ranges and trend of price expectations - from recent prior to current day - and holds a mini-table of related data analysis.

Figure 1

(used with permission)

The vertical lines here span the range of price being hedged against by the market-making [MM] community. They protect their firm's capital temporarily put at-risk to "fill" the "other side" of volume block trades in the subject security on each date indicated. Derivative securities used to provide the hedging protection must contemplate the likely extent of the subject's coming prices.

The heavy dot is the subject's end-of-day market quote that day. It defines the upside and downside price change prospects held likely. The balance of those proportions is measured by the Range Index [RI]. It tells what percentage of the entire forecast span is below the current market quote. Here it is 41, indicating ~1 1/2 times as much upside as downside, normally an average proposition. Maybe this time the future will be better.

The row of data between the two pictures uses the RI's history to evaluate how effective today's RI has been in the 3 months following each of 315 similar RIs of the past 5 years.

The definition of the data items is as follows:

Range Index: Percentage of High Forecast minus Low Forecast range lying below Current Price

Sample Size: The number of prior-day forecasts at RIs like today's, out of past five years' days of forecasts

Sell Target Potential: Percent the High Range Forecast is above the Current Price

Drawdown Exposure: Average of each Sample's worst-case next three-month experiences

Win Odds: Percentage of Sample with profit at three months or on first Sell Target closeout

% Payoff: Average size of all Sample closeout prices from their Current Price cost*

Days Held: Market-day count from forecast day to closeout day

Annual Return: CAGR of % Payoff in number of Days Held of market-days year (252)

Cred.Ratio: Forecast credibility, measured by % Sell Target divided by % Payoff

*Position costs are at closing prices of next market day after forecast.

The lower "thumbnail" picture in Figure 1 shows the distribution of RIs over the past 5 years of daily forecasts. RIs other than today's are likely to produce different data.

The current RI is toward the right side of the 5-year distribution, often a cautionary negative. This sample of 146 prior forecasts like this is large enough for its results to be taken seriously.

The population of forecasts this issue is drawn from:

the average of current MM population (2596) forecasts and the average of its best 20 are in Figure 2, along with the current forecast for the market index ETF, SPY.

Figure 2

Source: blockdesk.com

Some additional weekly interval forecasts

For historical perspective, Figure 3 provides once-a-week extracts of the current subject's daily prior forecasts to form a 2-year weekly history of forecasts.

Figure 3

(used with permission)

Analysis of Figure 1's data row

Some points in time offer little help on many stocks and ETFs for investors concerned with building capital wealth by equity investment.

That may be the case here, now, for Alphabet, Inc. It is one of the more intriguing promise stocks of high interest to Seeking Alpha readers and contributors. Its upside prospect is more than twice as large as its drawdown experiences following prior forecasts like today's. Its attractive Win Odds of 83 make the potential for profit of a buy today a 5 out of 6 proposition.

The Figure 3 picture of the past two years makes apparent that a stock price gain trend continues. The question here is, how likely is its continuation, and if so, how far and how fast? Some history of GOOG's price changes following RI forecasts like the present may help. They are shown in Figure 4.

Figure 4

Source: blockdesk.com

This unusually organized table takes its data from all the market days of the past 5 years. Each day is a starting point for the CAGR calculations of price changes from the date of the MM Range Index forecast to the number of subsequent market days indicated by the yellow column footers.

The blue central row averages all of those forecasts, and so, is a measure of the annual rate of rise in the stock price (some 23-25%) over that 5-year period.

Each of the other rows contains only those forecasts indicating upside to downside proportions (or greater) indicated by the red and green row captions at left. The magenta 445 indicates the present Range Index - 41 - proportions.

The bold white vs. grey differentiation of the row, column cells indicates a t-test of that cell's statistical significance from the blue row's same column value.

What the magenta and bold white clues are telling us is that the odds are very good that in the next 16 weeks (~4 months), TSLA's price rise may be well below average. But that is not a sign of any change in trend.

Still, the question of GOOG stock's ability to compete with other alternative choices for the commitment of new additional capital, or the reinvestment of capital from profit-taking, is worthy of exploration.

Are there better current wealth-building choices ?

A starting point is the comparison of reward-risk tradeoffs between GOOG and other top 50 stocks and ETFs of most interest to Seeking Alpha Readers and contributors.

One of the great advantages of using market-maker price range forecasts for such comparisons is that all the essential minutia of economic, competitive, regulatory and political concerns which impact companies and their stocks differently have been subsumed in the pricing judgments of the market professionals. They are making pure price-based decisions, which make it possible to directly compare a Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO) with an Alphabet or a silver-holding ETF. Figure 5 makes such comparisons.

Figure 5

(used with permission)

This map positions stocks according to the intersection of upside percentage price change being forecast by MM hedging actions (on the green horizontal scale) and the actual worst price drawdowns experienced following forecasts like those of today (on the red vertical scale). Down and to the right is desirable, up and left is undesirable, and anything above the dotted diagonal has more apparent risk than reward.

Here, GOOG is at the frontier of attractiveness at [20], along with KO and SPY at [28] and Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) at [1]. So in this dimension of the contest, GOOG holds its own well with other stocks popular with SA readers. Home runs may yet be hit on Nokia (NYSE:NOK) [22], Chesapeake (NYSE:CHK) [18], DuPont (NYSE:DDD) [13] and BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY) [6], all at the right-field fence. But not without some strike-out risk.

This map tells what the cost trade-offs may be, but doesn't score the odds on reaching those payoff targets. Figure 6 does that, again using MM forecasts and their histories.

Figure 6

(used with permission)

This map has directional values similar to the Figure 5 Reward-Risk trade-offs. Down and right is desirable, up and left is less so. The ODDS home runs can't be better than certainty (100%), and the left margin has been set at (an unrevealed) 75% (3 out of 4) on the horizontal scale to minimize the likelihood of losses.

The size of potential payoffs is scaled on the vertical from less than zero (loss on the stock's price) up to takeover-offer levels of +25% to +30%.

Our article focus on GOOG has it at [3] in this map, contesting well with Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) at [6]. That is reassuring, but the secondary shock comes from the bulk of MM appraisals for the stock price prospects for SA "favorites" stocks up in the "timeout" corner at designation [7].

The numerous wealth-building miscreants are threatened with discipline according to the prior results of previous MM forecasts with Range Indexes like today's. For nearly half of the "favored 50" to be labeled with no gain or loss is scary. A double check of those so categorized reveals we goofed on KO, which has an appropriate potential +3% stock price gain prospect, and Verizon (NYSE:VZ), Pfizer (NYSE:PFE), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) all have legitimate, but tiny, stock price gain prospects of less than 1%.

This is a fairly scary market outlook for stocks that ought to be more promising and ones that do have longer-term better outlooks among many analysts on both sides of the Street. But stormy weather may be ahead for a less-than-a-year period.

Still, there are many stocks with encouraging forecasts and evidence of credible prior accomplishments to support their outlooks by the market professionals. They are summarized in the top 20 table of Figure 2, showing prior price gains averaging nearly +12% in 8-week periods following MM forecasts like those of today.

How they appear on a map of odds for profitability and size of payoffs like Figure 6 is shown in Figure 7. We have protected the specific identities of the 20 stocks, since subscribers have paid to have the privilege of that knowledge. But the odds & payoffs map locations in Figure 7 are real.

Figure 7

(used with permission when redacted)

All 20 selected stocks appear in or close to the fixed bounds of this type of map, since the dimensions involved are viewed by us as critical to successful wealth building through equity investments.

This is one reason why the Win Odds are one of our screening tools in selecting the top 20 names for the MM Intelligence lists daily. Reference to Figure 2 will show that the forecast population Win Odds average is only 62, while the top 20 average is 82. That is a big difference between 5 out of 8 wins and 9 out of 11.

Other key qualitative measures of the MM forecasts besides the Win odds are the Credibility Ratio and the Reward-Risk ratio. Even with good odds, if the %Payoff achieved when the inevitable losses are netted against gains is strikingly below what is currently being indicated as upside in the forecast range, the credibility of the forecast is called into question.

Investors can, and should, have different standards for these qualitative considerations based on their personal circumstances, so we provide them to be used as appropriate in selections for portfolio holdings.

Conclusion

Alphabet, Inc. stock is fairly attractive to investors whose principal concern is wealth building through capital gains. But this may not be an ideal time to consider adding to holdings in it, when other, better equity choices are available.

Consideration of alternatives

The ability to frequently monitor such forecast trends is provided by subscription access to the daily updates of pictures like Figures 1 and 3, and other comparative tools looking at reward vs. risk and odds vs. % payoffs. The annual cost for access may be the equivalent of two intelligence lists, depending on how intensively stocks of interest are monitored.

Meanwhile, there are at least 20 other (than GOOG) good prospects (Figure 2) to put extracted capital to work. The MM Intelligence lists provide the screening and comparisons which economize the investor's time investment.

Additional disclosure: Peter Way and generations of the Way Family are long-term providers of perspective information, earlier helping professional investors and now individual investors discriminate between wealth-building opportunities in individual stocks and ETFs. We do not manage money for others outside of the family, but do provide pro bono consulting for a limited number of not-for-profit organizations.

We firmly believe investors need to maintain skin in their game by actively initiating commitment choices of capital and time investments in their personal portfolios. So, our information presents for DIY investor guidance what the arguably best-informed professional investors are thinking. Their insights, revealed through their own self-protective hedging actions, tell what they believe is most likely to happen to the prices of specific issues in coming weeks and months. Evidences of how such prior forecasts have worked out are routinely provided. Our website, blockdesk.com, has further information.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. How to Trade Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock While It Corrects Not much has changed for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ:GOOGL) off the price chart in the past couple of weeks. But if we re to believe price action is a leading indicator, the current narrative in GOOGL stock points more authoritatively at a corrective move in shares. Let me explain.

Source: Shutterstock

It s been two full weeks since last writing about GOOGL. Not much has happened, except investors trying to forgive and forget. And conditions may have quieted somewhat for Alphabet, but the GOOGL stock chart is now looking a bit more like an enemy of the state.

At the time, Alphabet was and still is facing repercussions of marketing agencies and companies dropping YouTube and the Google Display Network advertising after learning content was placed alongside media showing terrorism and other acts of extremism.

For its part, Alphabet was quick to begin taking action and improve its  brand safety controls.  But for some prominent foreign and U.S. based advertisers, improvements haven t happened quick enough and some key clients have pulled the plug on ad time.

The latest step in fighting this pervasive problem is Alphabet will only allow ads on YouTube channels when the number of views hit a threshold level of 10,000. The verdict is out whether that will actually help advertisers and the new protocol does have its critics.

In the interim and while the controversy plays out, if we re to watch how Alphabet shares have traded since our last analysis, it s looking more and more like a situation pointing to deeper corrective testing for GOOGL stock price.

GOOGL Stock Daily Chart



Click to Enlarge My view of the technical situation has improved. In this context, however, it means I m looking for a lower share price and larger correction to play out in the near term.

On March 24, as annotated on the daily chart of GOOGL, I wrote of wanting to see a test of $795 to $825.

The zone holds a couple retracement levels, the 200-day simple moving average and would allow for a second test of the prior highs within an established uptrend.

Two days later, the upper band of support at $825 in GOOGL stock was tested. That s the good news. What s also occurred more recently is a bearish flag has developed against trendline resistance dating back to November.

With GOOGL stock now back below the 50-day simple moving average, the expectation is for the price action to break below the bear flag into a deeper double-bottom style. This would challenge the low set on March 26 and more significant penetration of the support zone.

Next Page 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Tesla Inc (TSLA), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) and Delta ... A Good Friday-shortened week begins today, and will eventually ramp up near the end with a slate of bank earnings. Overseas, the new week kicked off with Japanese stocks posting gains, but European stocks heading broadly lower. U.S. futures are ticking slightly higher this morning.

Monday has no shortage of big stocks making headlines, with Tesla Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA ), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) and Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE: DAL ) all finding themselves in the spotlight this morning.

Here s what you should know heading into Monday s trade:

Tesla Inc (TSLA)

TSLA shares are pushing even higher into all-time-high territory this morning on a bizarre note from Piper Jaffray in which the firm significantly slashed Tesla s earnings estimates, but upgraded and slapped a much higher price target on the stock.

Piper analyst Alex Potter   who said he and his team have been driving a Tesla around for seven months to better educate themselves   cleaved the company s estimates for full-year 2017, previously expecting profits of 42 cents per share, but now expecting a loss of $4.83. That includes dramatic quarterly changes, such as the upcoming Q1 estimate, which is being hacked from a 12-cent loss to 78 cents of red ink.

Potter also predicts an 11-cent loss for full-year 2018; he previously did not have any earnings estimates on the stock.

Despite this change in heart, however, Potter also advised clients to  employ a  creative  valuation methodology and prepare for a bumpy ride,  and proceeded to upgrade TSLA shares from  Neutral  to  Overweight.  He also jacked up the price target from $223 to $368   a roughly 22% increase from Friday s closing price of $302.54.

TSLA shares are currently up roughly 2% in Monday s premarket trade, pushing shares even further into the stratosphere. The stock finally pushed up and out of a multiyear trading range last week, and is setting a new string of highs that appears will continue today.

UPDATE: With Monday s push, Tesla passed General Motors Company (NYSE: GM ) as the largest U.S. automaker by market capitalization. TSLA currently is worth $51.4 billion, while GM is worth $50.3 billion.

Alphabet Inc (GOOGL)

Google parent Alphabet is in hot water after weekend allegations by the Department of Labor that the company pays women less than men with the same experience on the same job.

The U.S. Department of Labor launched an investigation   which is not yet complete   into the tech giant, with regional director Janette Wipper saying there is a  systemic compensation disparities against women  at the company. The DoL also says that Google refused to hand over job and salary information to the office of federal contract compliance programs   a violation of its contract with the federal government.

Next Page YouTube Boycott Solution Highlights Google's Value Proposition, Protects Creators Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube and Google Display Network businesses are under fire over the past month for allowing advertisers' ads to appear on videos and sites unaligned or inappropriate for their brands. A growing list of advertisers are pulling their spend from these channels, including large U.S. companies like Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT). Analysts disagree on the exact dollar impact on revenues, as much of the affected ad inventory will still be sold. However the boycott could shave a significant 0.5 to 1.0% off the top line this year.

GOOGL data by YCharts

Interestingly, while the boycott lowers revenues in 2017, its proposed solution highlights the strength of Google's core value proposition. The same targeting capability used to deliver high advertiser ROI can be employed to increase brand safety and advertiser control. And maybe more importantly, Google's solution for advertisers seems focused on protecting the platform of legitimate creators and publishers that provide the ecosystem's views. This dual focused approach, if successful, can convert the current short-term boycott crisis and share price decline into shareholder value and a buying opportunity.

The Solution

Last month Google forwarded a revised, three-pronged approach to brand safety: strengthen community guidelines and "where ads display" policies, more tactical control given to advertisers of where ads appear, and increased insight and review options for advertisers. The advertiser friendly guidelines and policies already limit monetization of creator content that's sexually suggestive, violent, profane, drug related or of a sensitive nature. In addition to strengthening these policies, an added emphasis in recent weeks adds hate speech to the list.

Advertisers' default settings will exclude more potentially questionable content, though they can still opt-in to the content for greater reach. Simplified management of exclusions from specific sites and channels will be offered. And the fine tuning capabilities, of which content ads will be show against, will be expanded. Below is a screenshot from a Google AdWords support page for "content exclusions." Note how some categories are listed as "beta."

Finally, Google is working with comScore (NASDAQ:SCOR) to provide brand safety reports to advertisers on YouTube. Technology from comScore can monitor patterns in text content to provide transparency to the context in which ads are displayed.

Protecting Creators

Interlaced in Google's communications around advertiser brand safety was an acknowledgement that YouTube and the Display Network depend on creators and publishers to bring viewers into the system. The main strength of the system is the diversity of channels and sites. These diverse voices build communities of loyal users/viewers for Google. But this diversity also challenges Google to fairly judge the content for demonetization. One initiative helping creators in this regard is expedited review of videos that have been demonetized for content reasons.

Google also is protecting creators by strengthening their crack-down on impersonators who hijack views from other creators. Whether this crackdown strengthens the focus on content re-uploaders (thieves) remains to be determined. Additionally, as content is removed from monetization for violating the advertiser-riendly guidelines discussed above, legitimate content should benefit from increased monetization.

In March CBO Philipp Schindler blogged about advertiser safety. He concluded his lead paragraph with the following:

We have a responsibility to protect this vibrant, creative world-from emerging creators to established publishers-even when we don't always agree with the views being expressed.

While time is still needed to ensure Google's commitment, Schindler's focus on creators, even as he attempted to reassure advertisers of their brand safety, should be appealing to shareholders concerned with the entire ecosystem.

Conclusion

The current brand safety boycott has hurt video and site monetization across Google's channels. The company has forwarded a reasonable solution for advertisers that includes stricter appropriateness guidelines, more tactical control into ad placement and better insight tools into placement context. Interestingly, these tools highlight Google's unique targeting capability. This capability drives advertiser ROI and is the core value proposition for Alphabet's largest segment.

GOOGL data by YCharts

While discussing their response to the crisis, Google has remained focused on their commitment to creators and publishers. If they follow through on this commitment, the recent decline in share price is an opportunity to add to holdings. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Offers to Invest in LG Display to Secure OLED Supply A report by the Electronic Times, a South Korean publication, has indicated that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has proposed an investment of approximately $880 million to assist LG Display in boosting production of the OLED displays that are used in smartphones. Google s motive is to secure a reliable supply of the OLED screens for its upcoming Pixel smartphone.

The figure that Google is said to have offered is, however, not fixed and could increase as the talks progress. But sources indicate that the current proposed amount would be adequate to put up an extra line for production of the OLED displays.

Small OLED panels

Though technical specifications for the screens that Google is interested in were not disclosed, at present LG Display has the capacity to produce small OLED panels such as those of smartwatches. The South Korean company supplies such panels for its sister company s lineup of smartwatches. It also supplies the small panels to Apple for similar products. LG Display does not, however, have the capacity to build OLED panels big enough for smartphones.

While the Pixel phone was launched with an OLED display in 2016, Google faced supply constraints. However, these AMOLED displays that the Pixel phones already have are not completely bendable as the curvature is only a slight 2.5D.

Behind the curve

The rumored investment by Google in LG Display comes at a time when a couple of flagship smartphones are expected to be launched with the bendable display. It also comes at a time when Google s rivals in the smartphone scene have already turned to OLED displays or are planning to. Some of the high-end Galaxy range of Samsung smartphones such as the Galaxy S8 Plus and the Galaxy S8 already have bendable displays while some of the upcoming iPhones are also expected to have OLED screens.

In the case of Apple, the Cupertino, California-based tech giant is using Samsung Electronics as its supplier. Apple is understood to have ordered units numbering approximately 70 million for its upcoming high-end smartphone.

In Friday s trading session, shares of Alphabet Inc fell by 0.35% to close the day at $842.10. Technicals in Focus for Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) We have gathered the technical data on Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), and see some interesting trends in the stock s behavior of late. They say the  soul  of a stock is best known by an examination of its behavior on the tape. With that in mind, consider how this stock has been acting as a clue to where it may be headed going forward.

GOOGL has been trading in a bearish trend, based on the relative levels of its 50-day and 200-day simple moving averages. This suggests that the broad sum of capital flow in the stock has been generally negative over the recent period. In terms of the relative level of interest afforded this stock among active participants in the market, relative volume measures have been weak, indicating apathy for the name by traders, investors, and money managers during the past month of action. This suggests something of the significance of other current technical measures as well.

For market timers, it s also important to take measure of the relative level of recent lift or pressure in the stock is it overbought or oversold? For that, we turn to RSI and stochastic measures. The 14-day RSI stands at 43.93%. That shows that the stock, according to a traditional interpretation and usage of the RSI indicator, is not particularly predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure If we look at the stochastic measure, the raw data over the stock s last month of action shows a score of 42.03%. Based on a raw data interpretation, this perspective doesn t suggest either an overbought or oversold condition.

It should be noted that the overall volatility in the stock is worth gauging as well. In recent action, GOOGL has made a move of -19.31 over the past month. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by -4.66%, and it s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. The stock s recent movement has come on a historical volatility score of 11.03%, which represents the standard deviation of returns of a theoretical long position from a mean price during that period. On a daily basis over the past month, the average true range of the stock, as expressed in percentage terms, is 1.2%. That should give you a pretty good sense of the level of risk implied in a short-term trading approach in the stock with a stop-loss in place.

As it stands at present, the stock might find important action at key Fibonacci levels. Fibonacci levels are used by major Wall Street firm technical desks. The math is drawn from the Fibonacci series that defines growth systems by an interval increase characterized by steps divisible by the  golden ratio  of 61.8%. In this case, the critical 38.2% level drawn off the 52-weeklow of $672.66 sits at $749.73. GOOGL also has additional support below at the stock s 200-day simple moving average, which sits at $804.98. Palo Alto Networks, Inc. (NYSE:PANW), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) On average, analysts expect that Palo Alto Networks will report full year earnings of ($1.28) per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($1.46) to ($0.92). David Walker owns 0.08% of the -company s market cap or 17,117 shares.

Notably, of the 42 analyst recommendations for Palo Alto stock, there have been no  sell  recommendations.

Palo Alto Networks (NYSE:PANW) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 28th. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. now owns 904 shares of the network technology company s stock valued at $144,000 after buying an additional 90 shares during the period. Its revenue totaled $390.93 million up 1.5% from the previous quarter. The monthly performance for Palo Alto Networks, Inc.is -3.20% that leads to -25.88% in its yearly performance.

PANW has been the topic of several research analyst reports.

Palo Alto Networks has 92,036,000 shares in issue which have a share price of 108.01 giving Palo Alto Networks a market capitalisation of 9.94B United States dollars. Wunderlich restated a  buy  rating and set a $190.00 price objective on shares of Palo Alto Networks in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Monness Crespi & Hardt began coverage on shares of Palo Alto Networks in a research note on Thursday. The stock has  Outperform  rating by Imperial Capital on Friday, September 11. Finally, JMP Securities cut their price target on Palo Alto Networks from $175.00 to $155.00 and set an  outperform  rating for the company in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Wall Street is only getting more bullish on the stock, with 11 of analysts who cover NE having a buy-equivalent rating. They issued a  buy  rating and a $150.00 price objective for the company.

Presently Palo Alto Networks, Inc. The last session s volume of 2.34 million shares was lower than its average volume of 2.83 million shares. In essence, the P/E ratio of Palo Alto Networks, Inc. specifies the dollar amount an investor can anticipate to invest in the company to receive one dollar of the company s earnings. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $133.79 and a 200-day moving average of $141.43. The company has market cap of $12.43 billion. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and worldwide trademark and copyright law.

TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE:  Palo Alto Networks (PANW) to Buyback $500 million in Shares  was first posted by Markets Daily and is the property of of Markets Daily. The stock was sold at an average price of $134.02, for a total value of $268,040.00. Its last month s stock price volatility remained 4.64% which for the week stands at 4.67%. The company was initiated on Thursday, February 4 by BMO Capital Markets. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 86.51% of the company s stock.

A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Moreover, Pitcairn has 0.06% invested in Palo Alto Networks Inc (NYSE:PANW) for 3,682 shares.

The stock showed weekly downbeat performance of -1.42%, which was maintained for the month at -4.39%. Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its stake in Palo Alto Networks by 0.5% in the third quarter. Shares have risen 9.40% over the trailing 6 months. Criterion Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Palo Alto Networks by 75.7% in the third quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 63,183 shares of the network technology company s stock valued at $7,749,000 after buying an additional 1,163 shares during the last quarter. Morgan Stanley raised its position in Palo Alto Networks by 3.9% in the third quarter. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 1,836,694 shares in the company, valued at approximately $246,153,729.88.

Palo Alto Networks expects revenue between $406 million and $416 million, with non-GAAP EPS between $0.54 and $0.56. Its Next-Generation Firewall delivers application, user and content visibility and control, as well as protection against network-based cyber threats integrated within the firewall through its hardware and software architecture. Hot Stocks Report: Cymabay Therapeutics, Inc. (CBAY), Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Cymabay Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:CBAY) last session s volume of 0.2 million shares was lower than its average volume of 0.45 million shares. The stock, after opening at $4.17, hit $4.08 through the close by scoring -2.16%.

Cymabay Therapeutics, Inc. has a consensus outperform rating from 4 Wall Street analysts, and the number of shares currently sold short amount to at least 2.56% of shares outstanding. The stock sank -0.24% last month and is up 135.84 this year. Wall Street is only getting more bullish on the stock, with 4 of analysts who cover CBAY having a buy-equivalent rating. Analysts have placed a $8.25 price target on Cymabay Therapeutics, Inc., suggesting a 102.21% gain from recent close. It s currently trading about -8.11% below its 52-week high.

This stock (CBAY) is ahead of its 52-week low with 254.78%. Its last month s stock price volatility remained 6.91% which for the week stands at 7.55%. The share price has moved forward from its 20 days moving average, trading at a distance of 0.18% and stays 25.41% away from its 50 days moving average. Over the last five days, shares have faced -5.12% losses and now is up 83.51% since hitting its 200-day moving average of $2.22. Cymabay Therapeutics, Inc. (CBAY) has made its way to a 12-month gain of 129.21%.

Turning to Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), its shares were trading at $824.67 a retreat of $-3.21, on the trading floor. The stock, after opening at $827.96, touched a high of $828.48 before paring much of its gains. So far, analysts are sticking with their bullish recommendations with the consensus call at 1.9. Alphabet Inc. has 18 buy ratings, 5 holds and 1 sells even after the stock tumbled -3.38% from its high of $853.5 to a $561.53 billion market value through Jul 04, 2017.

The company s consensus rating on Reuter s scale improved from 1.71 to 1.79 during a month. Analysts set a 12-month price target of $951.78 a share. The target implies a 15.41% spike from where the shares are currently trading. Also, the current price highlights a discount of 33.39% to analysts  high consensus price target.

The earnings of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) are forecasted by the analysts to move at $7.38 in current quarter, from $7.5 a year-ago quarter. This quarter analysts say they expect sales to move at $24.18 billion   higher from $20.26 billion the year before.

The counter witnessed a trading volume of 1.06 million shares versus an average volume of 1.48 million shares during last trading session. Its last month s stock price volatility remained 1.15% which for the week approaches 1.12. The lowest price the stock reached on Tuesday was $820.51 and compares with the $663.28 52-week low. The stock recovered 24.33% since its low point and has performed 6.85% year-to-date. Vetr Inc. issued a report on Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), upping its stock ... Having a price of $842.10, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) traded -0.35% lower on the day. With the last close up 3.09% from the two hundred day average, compared with the S&P 500 Index which has increased 0.03% over the same period. Alphabet Inc has recorded a 50-day average of $847.88 and a two hundred day average of $816.83. Volume of trade was down over the average, with 1,111,610 shares of GOOGL changing hands under the typical 1,566,250

Vetr Inc. upped the price target of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to $902.63 reporting a potential upside of 0.07%.

On 04/04/2017, BMO Capital Markets released a statement on Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) upped the target price from $0.00 to $880.00 that suggested an upside of 0.03%.

Performance Chart

With a total market value of $0, Alphabet Inc has price-earnings ratio of 30.21 with a one year low of $672.66 and a one year high of $874.42 .

A total of 44 analysts have released a report on Alphabet Inc. Nineteen analysts rating the company a strong buy, twenty-nine analysts rating the company a buy, three analysts rating the company a hold, zero analysts rating the company a underperform, and finally zero analysts rating the company a sell with a 12-month price target of $908.16.

More About Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)

Alphabet Inc. is a holding company. The Company's businesses include Google Inc. (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company's segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. The Google segment is engaged in advertising, sales of digital content, applications and cloud offerings, and sales of hardware products. The Other Bets segment is engaged in the sales of Internet and television services through Google Fiber, sales of Nest products and services, and licensing and research and development (R&D) services through Verily. It offers Google Assistant, which allows users to type or talk with Google; Google Maps, which helps users navigate to a store, and Google Photos, which helps users store and organize all of their photos.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)- Pre Movers Under Analysts Crush: Carnival (NYSE ... Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) [Trend Analysis] pretends to be active mover, stock inched down around -0.39% to traded at $824.67. Google (GOOGL) Chief Game Designer Noah Falstein has left the company. This is surprising for a couple of reasons. First, Google never publicly reported his appointment.

Secondly, Google doesn t make games. It s content in being a platform rather than a game studio. Falstein joined Google four years ago. Though his job change wasn t noticed till much later. He touches upon the reasons for his departure in a blog post:  Four years ago this month I became Google s Chief Game Designer. It seemed an auspicious time to be able to make games at a company known for its world-spanning technology,  Falstein wrote.

 Unfortunately, the opportunity to actually build the big, consequential games that I had been hired to help create failed to materialise, even as the world market for games has continued to grow in size, diversity, and geographic reach. Accordingly, I ve decided to leave Google, and recently, April 6, was my last day.  It appears that Falstein was hired by the Mountain View Company to build games although this did not happen. With Pokemon Go and Ingress having their inception within Google s then-owned Niantic Labs little else has been seen from Google in this regard.

Shares of Carnival Corporation (NYSE:CCL) closed at $58.61 by are easing down of -0.76% in last session. Carnival Corporation &plc (NYSE:CCL) declared that it has reported a 14% increase in its quarterly dividend to $0.40 per share from the previous dividend amount of $0.35 per share.

Additionally, firm s board permitted re-authorization of up to $1B in share buyback covering both Carnival Corporation common stock and Carnival plc ordinary shares. Since resuming the share repurchase program in late 2015 the company has repurchased more than 56 million shares valued at $2.7 billion.

The CFO for Carnival Corporation & plc, David Bernstein said,  The surged dividend, along with another $1 billion share repurchase authorization, reflects continued confidence in our outlook and our ongoing commitment to return value to our shareholders. The board permitted a record date for the quarterly dividend of May 26, 2017 with a payment date of June 16, 2017. Holders of Carnival Corporation common stock and Carnival plc ADSs will receive the dividend payable in U.S. dollars. The dividend for Carnival plc ordinary shares will be payable in U.S. dollars or sterling. In the absence of instructions or elections to the contrary, holders of Carnival plc ordinary shares will automatically receive the dividend in sterling. Shares price moving up from its 20 days moving average with 0.59% and isolated positively from 50 days moving average with 3.32%.

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) [Trend Analysis], stock fell around -0.08% in early session as its gaining volume of 14.09 Million. The first bits of information around Microsoft s upcoming Surface Pro 5 tablet have now been leaked as technology podcaster and published author Paul Thurrot has hinted that the device will feature Surface Connect power connector.

Interestingly, Thurrot has also clarified that the successor to Microsoft Surface Pro 4 will not feature any  dramatic  change over its predecessor. In his tweet on Thursday, Thurrot said,  Surface Pro 5 will not change the Surface Connect power connector, I was just told. Kaby Lake, nothing dramatic. 

The upgrade to Kaby Lake SoCs are something that were expected and cannot be termed as surprising by any means but Thurrot has indicated that Microsoft is committed to its proprietary power connector. This means that the company might not be moving to the USB Type-C ports, which are being increasingly used in the tech industry. Moreover, it means that the company will be able to repeat its much-appreciated move where it reported that the Surface Pro 3 accessories including covers and docking stations would be compatible with Surface Pro 4.

However, the most interesting part of the tweet is where Thurrot has said that the new device will not feature any dramatic change. This might indicate that the device will be either come with just simple design changes or upgrade in internal hardware. Needless to say, any out-of-the-box features can be discarded after the statement made by Thurrot

The stock showed weekly upbeat performance of -0.27%, which maintained for the month at 1.47%. Similarly, the positive performance for the quarter recorded as 5.15% and for the year was 23.87%, while the YTD performance remained at 6.34%. MSFT has Average True Range for 14 days of 0.70. Why Mega Tech Stocks Will Win Longterm (GOOG, AAPL, AMZN) The 13% gain for tech stocks in the first quarter is not only the best among all categories of U.S. stocks, but it also tops all other asset classes, including real estate and gold, according to research by Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (GS) reported in the Financial Times. However, Goldman adds, the gain for the sector as a whole is driven by a handful of mega cap tech stocks, several of which have recently reached record highs, including Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN), Apple Inc. (AAPL), Facebook Inc. (FB) and Microsoft Corp. (MSFT). Meanwhile, small cap and mid cap  tech stocks, those with market caps below $10 billion, are trading, on average, 25% below their 52-week highs, per the FT. This brings the median total return for techs in the first quarter down to only 5%.

Bigger Has Been (Mostly) Better

Five tech companies boast market caps of over $400 billion: Amazon.com, up 18.2% in the first quarter, Apple, up 24.0%, Microsoft, up 6.0%, Facebook Inc., up 23.5%, and Alphabet Inc. (GOOG), up 7.5%. Over the past three years, there has been a marked positive correlation between market cap and market performance in the tech sector, the FT reports. The total returns over this period have been 37% for techs with market caps of under $10 billion, 65% for those valued from $100 billion to $400 billion, and 113% for the five giants listed above. Alphabet Inc., the parent of Google, is the only one of the five not to have hit a new record high this year, attributed to negative publicity over hateful videos posted on its YouTube service, according to the FT.

Spending Money to Make Money

The mega techs' dominance owes much to massive R&D budgets that not only allow them to develop new innovations in-house, the FT says, but also to stay ahead by acquiring startups and young IPOs  that offer promising technologies. Amazon, Alphabet, Apple, Microsoft and Intel Corp. (INTC) put a combined $65 billion annually into R&D, more what the next 40 tech companies spend, according to the FT. Intel is the world's dominant chipmaker, but has a smaller market cap of about $170 billion and its shares were down 0.6% in the first quarter.

Just a notch behind in R&D spending is Facebook, which spent $5.9 billion in 2016, 38.9% of its total expenses, according to its fourth quarter earnings release. The eight biggest R&D spenders among the techs have annual outlays of $85 billion, more than the entire remainder of the tech sector, which includes over 400 public companies, the FT says. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Is Poised to Kick 32-Bit Apps From App Store Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) hasn t held the title of biggest app store for three years. But despite being eclipsed by Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) Google Play for sheer number of apps and the total user base of iOS being a fraction of the size of Android, AAPL s App Store remains firmly in top for revenue generated. App developers love the App Store and so do iPhone and iPad owners.

Source: Apple

But Apple appears poised to make a sweeping change, switching solely to 64-bit apps for iOS 11 and killing off thousands of older apps that haven t yet been updated. Will that move impact the App Store?

AAPL and the Switch to 64-Bit

64-bit CPUs are able to process data far faster than 32-bit versions, and they re able to take advantage of more RAM. There s a catch, though. 32-bit CPUs can t run code written specifically for 64-bit CPUs. And while 64-bit CPUs can run software written for 32-bit processors, they have to use emulation and the user doesn t see the performance gain the more powerful CPU should offer.

Apple was the first smartphone manufacturer to switch to 64-bit CPUs, with the iPhone 5S in 2013. Every iPhone and iPad released since then has been powered by a 64-bit version of AAPL s AX processors. However, we are now in 2017 and a significant number of apps in the App Store have not been updated to offer native 64-bit support.

And it looks as though the clock is ticking. 9to5Mac is reporting Apple is stepping up its campaign to crack down on older apps and will eliminate support for 32-bit apps in iOS 11 this fall. At this point any of these apps would fall under the App Store Improvements program launched by AAPL in September, 2016. They would also stop working on iPhones and iPads that update to iOS 11.

Trimming the App Store Clutter

Shortly after announcing that improvement program, AAPL began actively reviewing and removing apps that didn t comply. Last October alone, the company pulled nearly 50,000 apps.

To put that in some perspective, it took about a year from its launch for the App Store to hit a grand total of 50,000 apps in 2009.

Apple held the app store lead for several years before the momentum of Android caught up. In 2011, Android smartphones took the lead over Apple iPhones in the U.S. market, in 2013 Google Play took the lead in app downloads and in 2015 Google Play took the crown for sheer number of apps available.

However, Apple has never been shy about aggressively policing its app store, because sheer numbers don t matter any more. Bragging rights for having the most apps were important in the early days, not so much now. Despite actions like pulling 50,000 apps in a single month, AAPL s App Store remains the most popular for premium apps and continues to dominate in terms of revenue   both for Apple and for developers.

Next Page Alphabet (GOOG) Analysts See $9.53 EPS, GP Strategies (GPX) Shorts Raised By 0.66% GP Strategies Corporation (NYSE:GPX) had an increase of 0.66% in short interest. GPX s SI was 122,200 shares in April as released by FINRA. Its up 0.66% from 121,400 shares previously. With 28,000 avg volume, 4 days are for GP Strategies Corporation (NYSE:GPX) s short sellers to cover GPX s short positions. The SI to GP Strategies Corporation s float is 0.98%. It closed at $24.3 lastly. It is down 1.89% since September 1, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 6.62% the S&P500.

Analysts expect Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) to report $9.53 EPS on April, 20.They anticipate $3.51 EPS change or 58.31% from last quarter s $6.02 EPS. GOOG s profit would be $6.63B giving it 21.65 P/E if the $9.53 EPS is correct. After having $7.56 EPS previously, Alphabet Inc s analysts see 26.06% EPS growth. About 1,279 shares traded. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) has risen 7.27% since September 1, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 1.24% the S&P500.

Since October 11, 2016, it had 19 insider purchases, and 0 insider sales for $1.53 million activity. 2,450 shares were bought by Sagard Capital Partners   L.P., worth $61,083. Shares for $99,458 were bought by ROBINSON SAMUEL D..

GP Strategies Corporation is a global performance improvement solutions well-known provider of training, e-Learning solutions, management consulting and engineering services. The company has market cap of $420.95 million. The Firm operates through four business divisions: Learning Solutions, Professional & Technical Services, Sandy Training & Marketing, and Performance Readiness Solutions. It has a 20.13 P/E ratio. The Learning Solutions segment delivers training, curriculum design and development, e-Learning services, system hosting, training business process outsourcing and consulting services globally.

Investors sentiment decreased to 0.92 in 2016 Q4. Its down 0.08, from 1 in 2016Q3. It is negative, as 7 investors sold GP Strategies Corp shares while 30 reduced holdings. 9 funds opened positions while 25 raised stakes. 14.17 million shares or 0.09% less from 14.18 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Ativo Capital Mgmt Limited Liability Company invested 0.22% of its portfolio in GP Strategies Corp (NYSE:GPX). Alphaone Inv Service Ltd Liability reported 1.25% of its portfolio in GP Strategies Corp (NYSE:GPX). 1.13M are owned by Cove Street Cap Limited Liability Corporation. Moreover, Citigroup has 0% invested in GP Strategies Corp (NYSE:GPX) for 11,272 shares. D E Shaw And owns 91,309 shares or 0% of their US portfolio. 846 were reported by Blackrock. Ftb Advsrs Incorporated holds 0% or 224 shares in its portfolio. Schwab Charles Mngmt invested in 66,326 shares or 0% of the stock. Geode Capital Mngmt Ltd Liability reported 0% of its portfolio in GP Strategies Corp (NYSE:GPX). Royal National Bank Of Canada invested in 47,198 shares or 0% of the stock. Jpmorgan Chase And Commerce owns 17,784 shares. Neuberger Berman Gru Limited Liability Corporation has 0.02% invested in GP Strategies Corp (NYSE:GPX) for 420,363 shares. Teachers Retirement Of The State Of Kentucky stated it has 0.01% in GP Strategies Corp (NYSE:GPX). Blackrock Fund accumulated 0% or 409,640 shares. Susquehanna Intl Group Incorporated Llp holds 0% or 24,153 shares.

Among 3 analysts covering GP Strategies (NYSE:GPX), 2 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 1 Hold. Therefore 67% are positive. GP Strategies has $32 highest and $27 lowest target. $32 s average target is 31.69% above currents $24.3 stock price. GP Strategies had 6 analyst reports since August 3, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock of GP Strategies Corp (NYSE:GPX) earned  Neutral  rating by TH Capital on Monday, August 3. The stock of GP Strategies Corp (NYSE:GPX) has  Neutral  rating given on Monday, August 3 by Roth Capital. B. Riley & Co downgraded the stock to  Neutral  rating in Wednesday, November 2 report. TH Capital upgraded the shares of GPX in report on Thursday, October 29 to  Buy  rating. The stock of GP Strategies Corp (NYSE:GPX) has  Buy  rating given on Thursday, October 29 by Roth Capital. As per Friday, February 26, the company rating was upgraded by B. Riley & Co.

Alphabet Inc. is a holding company. The Company s businesses include Google Inc. and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The company has market cap of $573.96 billion. The Company s divisions include Google and Other Bets. It has a 28.67 P/E ratio. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.

Investors sentiment decreased to 0.81 in Q4 2016. Its down 0.07, from 0.88 in 2016Q3. It dropped, as 8 investors sold Alphabet Inc shares while 8 reduced holdings. 2 funds opened positions while 11 raised stakes. 124,511 shares or 36.89% less from 197,289 shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Tanaka Capital Mgmt Incorporated reported 0.33% of its portfolio in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG). Nelson Roberts Inv Ltd Liability Corporation has 9,499 shares. Concannon Wealth Mgmt Limited Com invested 0.01% of its portfolio in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG). Robshaw And Julian Associate holds 4.14% or 7,249 shares in its portfolio. American Mngmt Communication invested in 749 shares. M Kraus & invested in 2.32% or 4,392 shares. First National Bank Of Omaha invested in 0.04% or 1,300 shares. Aft Forsyth Sober Lc has invested 0.12% of its portfolio in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG). Rothschild Cap Ptnrs Ltd Limited Liability Company holds 3,582 shares. Burney owns 1,367 shares for 0.07% of their portfolio. Adams Diversified Equity Fund holds 1.7% or 35,597 shares. Mengis Mngmt owns 2,870 shares for 1.76% of their portfolio. 13,684 were accumulated by Levy Harkins & Communication. Horrell Capital Mngmt holds 0% of its portfolio in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) for 5 shares. Grand Jean Capital Management stated it has 4.79% of its portfolio in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG). Facebook Inc Now Boasts Over 5 Million Advertisers Per Month Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) continues to prove extremely popular amongst advertisers, with the number of businesses placing ads on its platforms now exceeding five million per month.

That s up from 4 million in September, and 3 million back in March 2016. As Reuters notes, FB continues to wage a war against Google for the lion s share of online ad dollars:

Facebook is locked in a battle with Alphabet Inc s Google (GOOGL.O) for dominance in digital advertising. The two Silicon Valley giants are expected to soak up some 46 percent of online ad spending in 2018, according to research firm eMarketer. Much of that spending is by big brand advertisers, but to attract small firms, Facebook pitches a set of tools such as audience targeting, a mobile design studio and online courses available so far in 10 languages.

Facebook s largest advertisers operate in the e-commerce, entertainment/media and retail spaces, the company said. FB s international growth is also impressive, with about 75% of its advertisers located outside of the U.S.

FB s fastest growing geographic regions are all in emerging markets, with India, Thailand, Brazil, Mexico and Argentina, seeing the highest growth rates.

Facebook Inc shares were trading at $141.34 per share on Monday morning, up $0.56 (+0.40%). Year-to-date, FB has gained 22.85%, versus a 6.04% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.

FB currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #4 of 43 stocks in the Internet category. Alphabet (NDAQ:GOOGL) Had Its Price Objective Decreased by 2.38% at FBN ... Among 13 analysts covering Santander Consumer USA Holdings (NYSE:SC), 3 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 10 Hold. Therefore 23% are positive. Santander Consumer USA Holdings had 24 analyst reports since August 3, 2015 according to SRatingsIntel. The stock of Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (NYSE:SC) earned  Equal-Weight  rating by Morgan Stanley on Tuesday, December 20. The company was maintained on Thursday, March 17 by Stephens. The firm has  Buy  rating given on Friday, April 1 by Citigroup. As per Tuesday, July 26, the company rating was downgraded by Barclays Capital. The firm has  Neutral  rating by Compass Point given on Thursday, April 28. On Thursday, April 28 the stock rating was maintained by Wood with  Market Perform . Susquehanna initiated Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (NYSE:SC) on Monday, January 23 with  Neutral  rating. The rating was downgraded by Citigroup to  Neutral  on Thursday, January 12. UBS reinitiated the shares of SC in report on Friday, April 1 with  Buy  rating. The rating was initiated by Janney Capital with  Neutral  on Thursday, April 21. See Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (NYSE:SC) latest ratings:

23/01/2017 Broker: Susquehanna Rating: Neutral Initiate

12/01/2017 Broker: Citigroup Old Rating: Buy New Rating: Neutral Downgrade

20/12/2016 Broker: Morgan Stanley Rating: Equal-Weight Maintain

01/11/2016 Broker: Stephens Rating: Equal-Weight Initiates Coverage On

Among 6 analysts covering Alphabet Inc (NDAQ:GOOGL), 3 have Buy rating, 0 Sell and 3 Hold. Therefore 50% are positive. Alphabet Inc has $1025 highest and $800 lowest target. $945 s average target is 11.89% above currents $844.55 stock price. Alphabet Inc had 6 analyst reports since March 20, 2017 according to SRatingsIntel. The company was downgraded on Monday, March 20 by Pivotal Research. The firm has  Overweight  rating given on Wednesday, March 29 by Barclays Capital. The rating was downgraded by BMO Capital Markets on Wednesday, April 5 to  Market Perform . The company was maintained on Friday, March 24 by Bank of America. As per Monday, April 3, the company rating was maintained by Loop Capital.

Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc

About 1.13M shares traded. Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (NYSE:SC) has risen 1.05% since September 1, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 7.46% the S&P500.

Investors sentiment increased to 1.22 in Q4 2016. Its up 0.31, from 0.91 in 2016Q3. It increased, as 23 investors sold Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc shares while 44 reduced holdings. 30 funds opened positions while 52 raised stakes. 112.78 million shares or 1.54% less from 114.54 million shares in 2016Q3 were reported. Vanguard Group invested 0.01% in Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (NYSE:SC). Nationwide Fund holds 9,019 shares or 0% of its portfolio. Howard Hughes Institute invested 0.02% in Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (NYSE:SC). Metropolitan Life New York reported 0% stake. Invesco Limited stated it has 0% of its portfolio in Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (NYSE:SC). Us Bancorporation De holds 0% or 7,121 shares in its portfolio. Verition Fund Ltd Liability Corporation holds 0.02% or 21,443 shares. California Public Employees Retirement holds 568,700 shares or 0.01% of its portfolio. 225,612 were accumulated by California State Teachers Retirement Systems. Crestpoint Capital Mgmt Ltd Liability Corp has invested 0.35% in Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (NYSE:SC). Group Inc invested 0% in Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (NYSE:SC). Blackrock Limited Com reported 63,845 shares. Goldman Sachs stated it has 1.49M shares. Menta Cap Ltd Liability has 0.04% invested in Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (NYSE:SC) for 33,957 shares. State Street Corp holds 0% of its portfolio in Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc (NYSE:SC) for 1.43M shares.

Since February 22, 2017, it had 0 insider purchases, and 1 sale for $371,412 activity. The insider Morrin Richard sold 25,949 shares worth $371,412.

About 503,999 shares traded. Alphabet Inc (NDAQ:GOOGL) has risen 6.41% since September 1, 2016 and is uptrending. It has underperformed by 2.10% the S&P500.

Alphabet Inc. is a holding company. The Company s businesses include Google Inc. and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The company has market cap of $575.82 billion. The Company s divisions include Google and Other Bets. It has a 29.36 P/E ratio. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.

Analysts await Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to report earnings on April, 20. They expect $7.20 EPS, up 19.60% or $1.18 from last year s $6.02 per share. GOOGL s profit will be $4.91B for 29.32 P/E if the $7.20 EPS becomes a reality. After $7.56 actual EPS reported by Alphabet Inc for the previous quarter, Wall Street now forecasts -4.76% negative EPS growth. Alphabet Inc. (NasdaqGS:GOOGL) Company Valuation & Investor Review Alphabet Inc. (NasdaqGS:GOOGL) has a Q.i. Value of 37.00000. The Q.i. Value ranks companies using four ratios. These ratios consist of EBITDA Yield, FCF Yield, Liquidity, and Earnings Yield. The purpose of the Q.i. Value is to help identify companies that are the most undervalued. Typically, the lower the value, the more undervalued the company tends to be.

Checking in on some valuation rankings, Alphabet Inc. (NasdaqGS:GOOGL) has a Value Composite score of 59. Developed by James O Shaughnessy, the VC score uses five valuation ratios. These ratios are price to earnings, price to cash flow, EBITDA to EV, price to book value, and price to sales. The VC is displayed as a number between 1 and 100. In general, a company with a score closer to 0 would be seen as undervalued, and a score closer to 100 would indicate an overvalued company. Adding a sixth ratio, shareholder yield, we can view the Value Composite 2 score which is currently sitting at 62.

Watching some historical volatility numbers on shares of Alphabet Inc. (NasdaqGS:GOOGL), we can see that the 12 month volatility is presently 17.161000. The 6 month volatility is 15.356000, and the 3 month is spotted at 11.284600. Following volatility data can help measure how much the stock price has fluctuated over the specified time period. Although past volatility action may help project future stock volatility, it may also be vastly different when taking into account other factors that may be driving price action during the measured time period.

Alphabet Inc. (NasdaqGS:GOOGL) has a current ERP5 Rank of 4156. The ERP5 Rank may assist investors with spotting companies that are undervalued. This ranking uses four ratios. These ratios are Earnings Yield, ROIC, Price to Book, and 5 year average ROIC. When looking at the ERP5 ranking, it is generally considered the lower the value, the better.

We can now take a quick look at some historical stock price index data. Alphabet Inc. (NasdaqGS:GOOGL) presently has a 10 month price index of 1.13348. The price index is calculated by dividing the current share price by the share price ten months ago. A ratio over one indicates an increase in share price over the period. A ratio lower than one shows that the price has decreased over that time period. Looking at some alternate time periods, the 12 month price index is 1.10880, the 24 month is 1.53433, and the 36 month is 1.56594. Narrowing in a bit closer, the 5 month price index is 1.03709, the 3 month is 1.01804, and the 1 month is currently 0.98648. Machine Learning And AI: New Report Shows 40% Of Hedge Funds Created Last Year ... Are the days of fundamental hedge fund management coming to an end? According to a report from Preqin, a company that provides financial industry data, 40 percent of hedge funds created in 2016 were  systematic,  meaning that they rely on computer models and algorithms to make trading decisions.

Established trading firms and startups are starting to explore whether trading techniques that utilize artificial intelligence can help them outsmart traditional traders. Historically, low volatility in the market is making things difficult for fundamental long/short equity managers.

Changing Strategy For A Changing World

 When you look at the volatility of the equity market right now, it is the lowest it has been in 50 years. That is a very difficult market for fundamentally driven managers,  Don Steinbrugge, hedge fund industry analyst and CEO of Agecroft Partners, told Benzinga.  A lot of investors are looking for uncorrelated strategies and a lot of them are quant driven. 

Steinbrugge noted the market is seeing a shift away from the hedge fund industry, partly because capital markets are very expensive with P/E ratios above historical averages despite particularly low earnings growth.

Hedge Funds, Financial Firms And The Tech Market

According to a report by MIT Technology Review, the past couple years have seen a  tremendous resurgence of interest in artificial intelligence, thanks to new machine-learning techniques   especially deep learning   that have made computers capable of human-level perception of images, text, and audio. Now the question is whether AI can do the same for financial data. 

Hedge funds and financial firms are competing with companies like Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), Amazon.com, Inc.(NASDAQ: AMZN) and International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) to attract the next generation of talent to move this technology forward.

 Quantitative managers have done pretty well recently, and there is a number of quantitative managers are generating independent returns and people are looking at those to help diversify their portfolio,  Steinbrugge said.

When asked whether the future of fundamental trading is coming to an end, Steinbrugge concluded,  I think active management does work, but I do think that most active managers under perform. 

Related Links:

Even Beer Companies Use AI And Machine Learning Technologies

Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning Could Threaten Apps

Posted-In: Amazon Apple Don Steinbrugge FacebookNews Tech Media Interview Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. For Microsoft, The VR Game Is Still Afoot Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), despite its muted presence, is a force to reckon with in augmented and virtual reality arenas.

Loup Venture said in a note published last Friday that Microsoft is not mentioned in the same breath as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Snap Inc (NYSE: SNAP)'s Snapchat when it comes to AR or VR.

"However, Microsoft does not receive enough credit for the strong positioning it has already built," the firm opined.

Well And Truly In The Reckoning

Quoting his previous research on the "Operating System of the future," Gene Munster of Loup Ventures said Microsoft takes the third place behind Google and Apple in terms of elements necessary for a complete AR operating system.

"In the past week, Microsoft has made three important announcements that show the advances it's making in order to better position itself as a key platform for VR and AR the future," Munster noted.

Only VR And AR Company Into Gaming

While noting that Microsoft launched its final Xbox Project Scorpio specifications last week, Munster said gaming is one of the first areas VR will have a big impact and Microsoft will benefit from it.

"Of all of the companies vying to own VR and AR platforms of the future, Microsoft is the only one to have a gaming console," Munster said.

The analyst pointed to the success Sony Corp (ADR) (NYSE: SNE) had with respect to its PlayStation VR system, which it introduced in November 2016 and has sold 915,000 units since then. According to the analyst, the PlayStation VR is a step behind HTC Vive and Facebook's Oculus Rift, but ahead of smartphone-powered experiences.

The analyst feels Oculus is the logical choice for a VR headset partner for Microsoft's Project Scorpio, which is set to be launched this fall. Microsoft indicated that the next console will support the Mixed Reality Headsets from Microsoft in 2018, which include headsets manufactured by Lenovo Group Limited (ADR) (OTC: LNVGY), Dell, Acer and HP Inc (NYSE: HPQ).

Microsoft Leading In Mixed Reality Hardware

Loup Ventures noted that Microsoft is leading the way when it comes to mixed reality hardware, with the Hololens. The Windows 10 update, which would be available to users from April 11, includes support for mixed reality headsets and this would benefit Hololens developers as well, the firm said.

The firm is of the view that mixed reality is the true augmented reality.

The Sprinkles App

The firm also referred to Sprinkles, a photo application for iOS, is a foray into AR on a mobile platform. The app, which is similar to Apple's recently released Clips, gives users photo editing tools, allowing them to add filters, stickers and emojis, the firm noted. Additionally, the firm said it utilizes facial recognition to position stickers and recommend celebrity look-a-likes.

Concluding, Loup Ventures said, "While Microsoft clearly missed an opportunity in the shift to the mobile computing paradigm, it seems heavily invested in positioning itself as a strong company in the future computing paradigm based on its investments in AR and VR."

Related Links:

Is AR All It's Cracked Up To Be?

The Biggest Players In Augmented Reality

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Gene Munster Loup VentureAnalyst Color News Analyst Ratings Movers Tech Media Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Netflix Loses 2 Execs but Retains OTT Leadership (NFLX, AMZN) It is turning out to be a mixed bag of a day for streaming service provider Netflix, Inc. (NFLX). Two long-serving executives are leaving the company even as a research firm said that Netflix was the leader in over-the-top services.

Two key executives from Netflix were reported to be leaving Friday by trade publication Variety. Neil Hunt, the company's chief product officer, had been with Netflix for 18 years and helped build out the company's streaming service. Tawni Cranz, Netflix's chief talent officer, is also leaving the company. (See also: George Soros Bets on Netflix, Alphabet and Amazon.)

Separately, research firm Comscore announced that Netflix was still the leader among over-the-top services despite fierce competition from the likes of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) subsidiary Google's YouTube video platform and Amazon.com, Inc.'s (AMZN) Amazon Prime Video service. According to Comscore, Netflix reached 75 percent of homes that subscribe to OTT services, while YouTube had a 53 percent reach. Amazon was third with 33 percent penetration, and Hulu was fourth with 17 percent reach. Netflix subscribers averaged 28 hours of viewing time per month, second only to Sling TV's skinny bundle, which averaged a viewing time of 47 hours per month. (See also: DISH Links Deal for Sling Stake, OTT .)

"The popularity of multiple services beyond Netflix suggests the market is poised for more growth," the firm wrote. "With 50 percent of households still yet to engage with OTT as of December 2016, there is a major opportunity for a number of services to help fill this vacuum. The question is whether   or to what extent   Netflix can retain its leadership position in this space as that happens." (See also: Analyzing Netflix's Threat of New Entrants.)

However, Cowen & Co. analyst John Blackledge seemed unperturbed by the developments. In a note, he reiterated his "Outperform" rating for Netflix stock based on the company's investments in original content that should result in substantial subscriber additions during the coming quarters. Early this morning, Netflix stock declined by 1.3 percent to $141.21. As of this writing, the shares are up by approximately 1 percent to $144.16. (See also: Netflix Aims for 50 Percent Original Content in Coming Years.) In the Trump Era, One Muslim-American Investor Tries a Louder Voice Shareholder activism is rare in Islamic finance, but one wealth manager has staked out new territory as the most outspoken voice among Muslim investors in the United States.

Working from an office in Falls Church, Virginia, Bashar Qasem was the only Islamic financial representative among religious shareholder advocates who sent a letter in February to protest U.S. President Donald Trump's travel ban.

Activist investor Bashar Qasem, President and CEO of Azzad Asset Management Inc, is pictured at his booth during a conference in Huntington Beach, California, U.S. February 18, 2017. Mike Blake / Reuters

It was only one of a number of such moves since 2015, when Qasem's Azzad Asset Management firm started weighing in on issues like worker safety, climate change and lobbying disclosures.

This direct advocacy will test whether many U.S. Muslim investors will support the sort of faith-based shareholder activism common among other religious groups even as many cite safety concerns or have experienced bullying.

Qasem said his clients seemed to welcome his growing public role. Most are Muslim, and about half are immigrants.

"Most of them, they feel it's about time," said Qasem, who grew up in Jordan, moved to the United States in 1987 and became a citizen in 1996.

Activist investor Bashar Qasem, President and CEO of Azzad Asset Management Inc, speaks to a client during a conference in Huntington Beach, California, U.S. February 18, 2017. Mike Blake / Reuters

So far Qasem's strategy appears to be helping to differentiate his firm at a time when the popularity of cheaper index-tracking products is rising.

Azzad's assets increased 11 percent in 2016 to $487 million at year-end. Growth included $5.7 million into the firm's mutual funds, the third consecutive year of inflows.

By contrast, the Amana family of mutual funds, which Morningstar says is the largest in U.S. Islamic finance at $2.9 billion of assets, has had three years of investor withdrawals, which it blames partly on the rise of passively managed products.

Laila El-Haddad, who writes about food and Palestinian politics, said Qasem's outspokenness helped draw her to his firm. "Given the choices between two Islamic investment companies," she said, "we would definitely opt for the one taking this approach."

Testing Investors' Faith

Funds involved in Islamic finance are sometimes classified as "Sharia-compliant," or adhering to religious precepts such as avoiding investments in alcoholic beverage companies and businesses making or receiving interest payments.

Qasem said he preferred the term "Halal investing," referring to the Arabic word for "permitted" investments.

Islamic finance assets stood at $2 trillion worldwide in 2015, up from $1.7 trillion in 2012, according to the latest Thomson Reuters data.

Activist investor Bashar Qasem, President and CEO of Azzad Asset Management Inc, greets a client during a conference in Huntington Beach, California, U.S. February 18, 2017. Mike Blake / Reuters

The much smaller $4.6 billion U.S. Islamic finance sector, however, has grown little in recent years. Only a few institutions, mostly community banks, have significant Islamic lending practices.

Ibrahim Warde, an adjunct professor at Tufts University's Fletcher School, said the slow growth reflected both U.S. regulations that make some Islamic products difficult to offer and some Muslim financial executives' desire to avoid drawing attention, given the public mood.

"There's this question of keeping a low profile," he said.

Sheraz Iftikhar, managing partner of New York wealth manager Arch Global Advisors, said his clients, who are mainly Muslim, had not changed their investment strategies lately.

"It's too early to see a change in Muslim investor sentiment," said Iftikhar.

Activist investor Bashar Qasem, President and CEO of Azzad Asset Management Inc, is pictured at a conference in Huntington Beach, California, U.S. February 18, 2017. MIKE BLAKE / Reuters

Typical of Qasem's recent efforts is a measure that Azzad co-filed in January, calling on Google parent Alphabet Inc to adopt "Holy Land Principles" that would lead U.S. companies doing business is Israel to hire more Palestinian Arabs.

Azzad spokesman Joshua Brockwell said Alphabet told the firm it would hold a vote on the measure at its annual meeting.

Azzad has also co-filed a shareholder resolution calling on Exxon Mobil Corp to disclose more about its spending on lobbying. Brockwell said the oil company would probably oppose the measure, as it did last year.

Spokesmen for Alphabet and Exxon declined to comment.

In addition, Qasem signed on to a Feb. 1 letter from the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility and other groups, urging business leaders to use an upcoming meeting with Trump to speak out against his ban on travelers from a number of Muslim-majority nations. Courts have since blocked the restrictions, and the U.S. Justice Department has appealed the rulings.

While the ban jarred Qasem and some of his clients, he expressed optimism about U.S. economic growth prospects, given Trump's agenda of tax cuts and infrastructure investments. Higher interest rates could also help Azzad's holdings in low-debt companies, he said.

"After all," Qasem said of Trump, "he's a businessman."

Follow NBC Asian America on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Tumblr. 
2017-04-03
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Keeps Getting Smoked by Domino's Pizza, Inc. (DPZ) By now it s almost an urban myth, but several months ago a stock chart began making the rounds that showed Domino s Pizza, Inc. (NYSE: DPZ ) outperforming Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) since their respective IPOs around the same time in the summer of 2004.

Source: Shutterstock

I first caught wind of this remarkable comparison through a tweet by Pension Partners Director of Research Charlie Bilello, an award-winning technical analyst. If anyone s going to get a chart right, it would probably be him.

In the 12.5 years since Alphabet and Domino s went public, DPZ stock, at least according to the chart, has delivered a cumulative total return of 2,401% through the middle of January, 846 percentage points greater than GOOGL stock.

Unbelievable, right? A tech stock getting thrashed by a pizza stock   it hardly seems possible.

To be safe, I checked the Morningstar 10-year total returns for both stocks; you ll find that Domino s has generated an annual total return of 20.3% through Mar. 29, 847 basis points higher than GOOGL.

The numbers don t lie.

Here s why that imbalance isn t going to change anytime soon.

GOOGL Stock vs DPZ: Simple Math

The first reason has nothing to do with Alphabet s overall business model and everything to do with the fact momentum is very much on Domino s side.

For GOOGL stock to pass DPZ stock on a cumulative basis since their respective IPOs, Domino s stock would either have to flatline for a significant period, while Alphabet keeps chugging higher or Domino s would have to completely collapse, falling back to meet Google s performance, which by most standards isn t too shabby.

Unfortunately, it doesn t appear as though Domino s stock is going to cooperate when it comes to flatlining or falling back. Year-to-date, DPZ stock is up 17%, more than 800 basis points clear of Google.

The reality is that ever since Domino s introduced a new pizza recipe in late 2009, DPZ stock has been one of the best-performing mid-to-large-cap stocks on the New York or Nasdaq Composite stock exchanges.

Since January 1, 2010, only three stocks with market caps greater than $1 billion have delivered price appreciation greater than Domino s at 2,092%. Of the list of 50 stocks presented by Quartz, GOOGL was nowhere to be found.

Pizza s Not Going Out of Style

It certainly isn t.

Last summer I said as much picking Domino s as one of three restaurant stocks to avoid the restaurant recession analysts believed was slowly taking hold in the U.S. If you look at the 52-week total return for the restaurant industry versus both the S&P 500 and Domino s   11.7% for restaurants, 17.4% for S&P 500 and 41.7% for DPZ   you ll see that analysts were correct in their assessment.

If you re a GOOGL stock owner, you are not going to like the fact that Domino s continues to deliver stellar results. On Mar. 9, Domino s announced Q4 2016 comp sales growth of 13.7% at U.S. company-owned outlets, 12.1% growth for franchise outlets in the U.S. and international same-store sales growth of 4.3%.

Next Page Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Technical Analysis: Support and Resistance on Stock Charts With all other things going on, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been on a run   rising 5.59 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider Alphabet Inc. a buy, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with Alphabet Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $152.2 below GOOGL s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made strong gains in the past year, as the company has gathered a 10.15% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -3.14% from previous highs of around $874.42 per share on March 17, 2017. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 48.66% since hitting lows of $672.66 on June 27, 2016.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $843.21 and $845.51. In terms of pullbacks, $849.83 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session Alphabet Inc. RSI was seen at 50.79. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) has been put into a buy territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for GOOGL is 49.38. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) moved to around 53.11. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Updates on AI Two weeks into a YouTube advertising boycott, over the hateful videos, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is taking more steps to curb a crisis that escalated further than the company anticipated. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s main division is introducing a new system that lets outside firms verify ad quality standards on its video service, while expanding its definitions of offensive content.

A slew of major marketers halted spending on YouTube and Google s digital ad network after ads were highlighted running alongside videos promoting hate, violence and racism. Google s initial response, a promise of new controls for marketers, failed to stymie the boycott. The crisis ignited a simmering debate in digital advertising over quality assurance, or  brand safety,  standards online. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares fell -0.20% to $847.80 on Friday.

Google has made quick progress on its own, he said. Using the new machine-learning tools, and  a lot more people,  the company in the last two weeks flagged five times as many videos as  non-safe,  or disabled from ads, than before.

 But it s five [times] on the smallest denominator you can imagine,  Schindler said.  Although it has historically it has been a very small, small problem. We can make it an even smaller, smaller, smaller problem. 

Technical Stock Analysis

Shares outstanding are recorded as 685.99M and total shares floated are 602.60M. Current ratio which is the relationship between current assets and current liabilities, indicating the liquidity of a business is calculated as 6.30. Company s distance from 20 day simple moving average is -0.74% and distance from 50-Day simple moving average is 0.36%.

Best time to invest in stock market is when things are on odd side, and it s not easy how to pick stocks. By reviewing stock prices from the stock market history of the company and examining its analysts ratings can give an investment picture with updated information of stock which helps investors to make investing decision. Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 25 analysts of Thomson Reuters, 3 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock and 1 given UNDERPERFORM rating. Analyst s mean target price for GOOGL is $987.88 while analysts mean recommendation is 1.80.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) yearly performance is 10.15% and net profit margin is 21.60%. Annual EPS Growth of past 5 years is 14.80%. Company price to earnings (P/E) ratio, which measures the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price, is calculated as 30.00. The current share price indicate that stock is -3.04% away from its one year high and is moving 26.04% ahead of its 52-week low. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)'s Android 7.1.2 Update has Reportedly Arrived Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Android 7.1.2 update has reportedly arrived, with some Pixel C tablet owners, a few weeks after the beta version was rolled out to testers. The update tweaks the Pixel C s interface to be closer to the Pixel s, giving it the same buttons and blue-grey aesthetic as its smaller smartphone sibling, and also adds a new multi-tasking menu that lets users select from and switch between up to eight apps that they have open. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares shed -0.20% to $847.80 on Friday.

The changes make the connection between the Pixel C and the Pixel smartphone more obvious: in addition to the color tweak, the devices will now share similar navigation buttons, and use rounded app icons. The Pixel C has also ditched its  app drawer,  with users instead swiping up from the bottom of the screen to see their installed software.

Technical Stock Analysis

Shares outstanding are recorded as 685.99 and total shares floated are 602.60. Current ratio which is the relationship between current assets and current liabilities, indicating the liquidity of a business is calculated as 1.00. Company s distance from 20 day simple moving average is -0.74% and distance from 50-Day simple moving average is 0.36%.

Best time to invest in stock market is when things are on odd side, and it s not easy how to pick stocks. By reviewing stock prices from the stock market history of the company and examining its analysts ratings can give an investment picture with updated information of stock which helps investors to make investing decision. Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 25 analysts of Thomson Reuters, 3 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock and 1 given UNDERPERFORM rating. Analyst s mean target price for GOOGL is $987.88 while analysts mean recommendation is 1.80.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) yearly performance is 10.15% and net profit margin is 21.60%. Annual EPS Growth of past 5 years is 14.80%. Company price to earnings (P/E) ratio, which measures the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price, is calculated as 30.00. The current share price indicate that stock is -3.04% away from its one year high and is moving 26.04% ahead of its 52-week low. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Confirmed New Software Update for Pixel C Interface Google Inc will probably put the promising but ultimately ill-fated Pixel C tablet out to pasture before too long, it s been on sale for a year and a half now, after all. But that hasn t stopped Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) from giving the device some attention in Android 7.1.2; users on Reddit as well as 9to5Google have both confirmed the new software update contains a bunch of tweaks for the Pixel C interface. Chief among those is a new multitasking view designed for the tablet s bigger screen. Instead of the scrolling list of open apps, the Pixel C app switcher now displays a grid of your eight most recent programs. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares tanked -0.20% to $847.80 on Friday.

The rest of the tweaks here are meant to unify the interface with Google s own Pixel smartphone. That means rounded app icons abound for Google s own apps as well as third-party offerings that have updated their look. There s no more  all apps  button at the bottom of the tablet screen; instead, you ll swipe up from the bottom of the screen to see every app you have installed.

Technical Stock Analysis

Shares outstanding are recorded as 685.99M and total shares floated are 602.60M. Current ratio which is the relationship between current assets and current liabilities, indicating the liquidity of a business is calculated as 6.30. Company s distance from 20 day simple moving average is -0.74% and distance from 50-Day simple moving average is 0.36%.

Best time to invest in stock market is when things are on odd side, and it s not easy how to pick stocks. By reviewing stock prices from the stock market history of the company and examining its analysts ratings can give an investment picture with updated information of stock which helps investors to make investing decision. Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 25 analysts of Thomson Reuters, 3 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock and 1 given UNDERPERFORM rating. Analyst s mean target price for GOOGL is $987.88 while analysts mean recommendation is 1.80.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) yearly performance is 10.15% and net profit margin is 21.60%. Annual EPS Growth of past 5 years is 14.80%. Company price to earnings (P/E) ratio, which measures the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price, is calculated as 30.00. The current share price indicate that stock is -3.04% away from its one year high and is moving 26.04% ahead of its 52-week low. Google says announcing patent licensing initiative, PAX  
2017-04-01
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Aegis Sees Healthy Search Growth Ahead, Reaffirms Buy On Friday, March 31, Aegis Capital analyst Victor Anthony weighed in on Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and maintained his Buy rating on the shares along with a price target of $1,011. The analyst remained optimistic over Google after hosting an investor call with Merkle. Consequently, this is likely to positively impact Alphabet shares, which have risen 6.98% since the beginning of the year but fell slightly by 0.2% on Friday.

According to Mr. Anthony, the investor call hosted with Merkle provided information on search spends on Google. The analyst noted that search spends on the platform acceleration by two points to 21% year-over-year (YoY) during the first quarter of 2017 (1QFY17), despite four points tougher growth comp. The $578.71 billion business had earlier experienced 19% YoY search spend during the fourth quarter of last year.

Moreover, Victor believes that the search strength should come as a source of comfort to Google investors. The data especially boosts confidence after the recent brand advertiser backlash witnessed by YouTube that was expected to lead server estimate reductions. While the news relieves off investors and reduces negativity surrounding GOOGL stock, it also proves positive for the California-based company s shares, which have already jumped about 12.32% in last 12 months.

Wall Street analysts have also provided their 12-month average price target at $986.71. This represents approximately 16.38% upside potential over the tech giant s previous closing price. Furthermore, of the total 45 analysts covering the stock at FactSet Fundamentals, 38 analysts rated the shares as Buy, three analysts each recommended the stock as Overweight and Hold, whereas only one analyst suggested selling the shares. Currently, the company has 297.12 million outstanding shares. Moreover, Google s 52-week high stands at $874.42 whereas its 52-week low has been set at $672.66. The stock has also acquired a daily trading range of $845.24-849.56. 
2017-04-08
Alphabet: Not So 'Open' When It Comes To Autonomous Vehicles Rethink Technology business briefs for April 7, 2017.

Alphabet's Waymo unlikely to prevail against Uber

Source: Bloomberg

When I wrote late last year about Tesla's (NASDAQ:TSLA) partnership with Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) for self-driving cars, there were still plenty of nay-sayers claiming that the technology would never work.

I had to acknowledge that the technology was still unproven. The simple fact was that no one, not even Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Waymo, which had the most experience, had demonstrated a reasonably reliable system.

That's still true, even today, yet the competitive landscape has changed dramatically. With partnerships and development programs being announced on an almost daily basis, no one really disputes that the technology will be developed.

There may still be legitimate questions about its viability, but as it stands right now, no one wants to be left behind. It's become a ferocious race.

Waymo arguably has had the lead for some time. Alphabet's self-driving car project was begun in 2009 under Sebastian Thrun who had led the Stanford team that won the DARPA Grand Challenge in 2005. This was the first large-scale, realistic demonstration of autonomous vehicle technology.

According to the California Autonomous Vehicle Disengagement Reports for 2016 filed by the various companies testing autonomous vehicles on California public roads, Waymo's cars, by far, performed the best. A "disengagement" is when the autonomous system is overridden or releases control of the car. The lower the number of disengagements per mile, the better. Waymo's cars had a rate of 0.2 disengagements per 1,000 miles. The next best performer, Nissan, had 6.8 disengagements per 1,000 miles.

Domain knowledge is so scarce that anyone with relevant experience can pretty much set their own salary. Anthony Levandowski was one such person. He had worked on a successful entrant to the DARPA Grand Challenge, meaning it completed the course, and he had joined Thrun's team at Google.

In its suit against Uber (Private:UBER), Waymo alleges that Levandowski stole 14,000 files containing data, trade secrets, and design information that Levandowski then used to design the LIDAR system used by Uber in its autonomous test vehicles.

Uber denies having the files, to which Waymo has responded:

Uber's assertion that they've never touched the 14,000 stolen files is disingenuous at best, given their refusal to look in the most obvious place: the computers and devices owned by the head of their self-driving program.

According to the Wall Street Journal, Levandowski has refused to allow his computers to be searched, invoking his Fifth Amendment rights. Although this may protect Levandowski from criminal prosecution, it actually hurts Uber's chances of successfully defending against the Waymo suit.

In civil litigation, the burden of proof is more relaxed, being that the plaintiff merely needs to show that the defendant probably committed the act in question. By refusing to submit to a search, Levandowski has demonstrated that Waymo is probably right about the theft.

But there's still the matter of whether Levandowski used proprietary information to design Uber's LIDAR system. This is actually much more difficult, since Uber maintains that the design is fundamentally different.

This gets into a gray area of intellectual property. Any engineer who works for a while at a company like Waymo will become acquainted with that company's relevant IP. Separating out the IP from the engineer's general domain knowledge is problematic at best. Unless a patented design is literally copied, it's very difficult to take action.

In this case, Waymo hasn't alleged that any IP covered by the usual protections of patent or copyright was stolen. I'm reminded here of the long-running suit of Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) against Google for patent and copyright infringement in the matter of Google's creation of the first Dalvik virtual machine for Android.

Oracle had bought Sun Microsystems and, therefore, the rights to Sun's Java programming language. Oracle alleged that Google copied the Java Virtual machine, violating patents and copyrights in the process, to create Dalvik.

After six years of litigation, Oracle has lost its latest new trial on the copyright protection issues, having given up on its patent claims. Oracle has filed an appeal.

Throughout the Oracle suit, Google was the champion of "openness", that Java was an open standard and Google had every right to use copyrighted information about Java under "fair use". Now that the tables are turned, all that openness seems to have gone away.

Not that I blame Waymo for defending its intellectual property. I don't. It's just that the legal system has created numerous obstacles to doing that, which Google exploited so well in its battle with Oracle.

Levandowski's alleged theft, as brazen as it may have been, would probably not have elicited legal action were it not for the subject involved. The judge is reported to be leaning in favor of granting a court order prohibiting use of Waymo's technology. But it's hard to see how this really does any good. Will the judge try to discern what elements of Uber's LIDAR system should be banned from use?

We've seen in the Oracle case, in Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) suit of Samsung (OTC:SSNLF), and now this case, that the litigation just becomes a distraction that drains energy and dollars without yielding any real benefit or protection. Waymo's best protection for its proprietary technology is to keep moving forward and to stay ahead of its competition.

Rethink Technology recommends Apple as a buy.

Broadcom likely to snap up Toshiba's memory business

Recently I discussed the possible sale of by Toshiba of its memory business to a US firm. It now appears that there's a short list of potential buyers which included Apple supplier Foxconn (OTC:FXCOF), Korea's SK Hynix (OTC:HXSCF), and a partnership of Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) and Silver Lake Management.

The Japanese government had put up objections to the sale of the memory business to any non-Japanese entity except for a company based in the US. Reuters quoted a source as saying, "The United States is the only feasible partner from Japan's national security standpoint".

As I reported at the time, it was also thought that the impending (now actual) bankruptcy of Toshiba's Westinghouse subsidiary would further motivate a sale to a US company. Reuters quoted a Toshiba executive:

It's obvious U.S. players are more suitable bidders. We'll probably need to fight over Westinghouse (with the U.S.), so we could cooperate over chips in exchange.

Apple was considered a possible buyer at one time, as it could easily afford the reported $18 billion price tag for the memory unit. However, this really wouldn't have been a good match, so I'm not surprised to see Apple no longer in the running, if it ever was.

That leaves Broadcom/Silverlake as the most likely buyer, assuming that the Japanese government concerns remain in force.

Samsung issues bullish profit forecast

Although it's not due to issue its earnings report for 2017 Q1 for some time, Samsung issued some preliminary numbers for the quarter. Operating profit is expected to be $8.8 billion, which would be the best for a Q1 period in three years.

It's thought that Samsung's memory business (it's the largest supplier in the world) and its foundry business contributed heavily to the profit. Samsung has been ramping production of its 10 nm process for its Exynos 9 mobile processor as well as for the Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) Snapdragon 835.

Since Qualcomm is a major foundry customer not only for the 835 but for its Centriq 2400 server processor (also on 10 nm), the high revenue for Samsung's semiconductor division could also indicate bullish orders from Qualcomm.

Rethink Technology recommends Qualcomm as a buy.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL, QCOM, NVDA.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. Alphabet Inc Accused Of Underpaying Female Workers GOOGL   U.S. Department of Labor accuses Google parent of paying women less than men.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is in hot water with regulators   not to mention current and former employees   after being charged with paying women less money for performing the same work as men.

As CNBC notes, investigators presented their court case yesterday:

A U.S. Department of Labor official disclosed the agency s allegations during a Friday court hearing in San Francisco.  We found systemic compensation disparities against women pretty much across the entire workforce,  Janette Wipper, a Labor Department regional director, testified, according to a report published by The Guardian.

Google, of course, completely denies the charges.  Every year, we do a comprehensive and robust analysis of pay across genders and we have found no gender pay gap,  the company said in a statement.

The Labor Department said its recent gender gap probe stemmed from a January lawsuit that sought to top Google from doing business with the federal government until it complied with an audit of its employee compensation records. The company said it has provided some records to the government, but held back others, citing worker privacy concerns.

Only about 19% of Alphabet s tech-focused jobs are currently held by women. In total, around one-third of its 70,000 employees are female.

Alphabet Inc shares closed at $842.10 on Friday, down $-2.99 (-0.35%). Year-to-date, GOOGL has gained 6.27%, versus a 5.68% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.

GOOGL currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 43 stocks in the Internet category. Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) News: Google Preps Pixel 2 and Pixel Tablet for October ... Google is expected to launch a second version of the Pixel in late 2017. Rick Osterloh, who leads Google s hardware division, told Android Pit that the second iteration of the Pixel is coming this year.  You can count on a successor this year, even if you don t hear a date from me now,  Osterloh said when he was asked about the Pixel 2.

Google introduced the Pixel line in October last year. Available in two sizes, the Pixel is the 100% made-by-Google phone. Both models   5-inch X and 5.5-inch XL   feature a beautiful design, a top-rated 12-megapixel camera, and a fast charging technology, among others.

In this post, we will take a look at rumors swirling about the Pixel 2.

Google Pixel 2 Rumors

Google is expected to launch three devices under the Pixel brand this year.

According to the reports, the company is testing the Pixel 2, the Pixel 2 XL   code-named Muskie and Walleye, respectively   and a third Pixel device code-named Taimen. The third model could be a tablet or a larger phablet phone. No details are currently available about the third device.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

The Pixel 2 is said to come in October 2017. It would feature an improved camera technology, a new processor, and an improved waterproof design.

The Pixel 2 might come with the waterproof certifications of IP 67 and IP 68, meaning that the phone can be submerged in depths of under 1 meter to 1.5 meters for 30 minutes.

Google is reportedly trying to improve the camera technology in the new Pixel models. A report from 9to5 Google suggested that the company is aiming to master low light photography with the next-generation device.

The Pixel 2 will not have a camera with  large MP size,  but will rather  compensate in extra features,  the publication citing sources with the knowledge of the company s plans.

The report also suggested that Google is in the process of testing chipsets from two different manufacturers for the next update of the Pixel. The publication was told by the source that Google is testing  a custom chipset for a test device.  But they do not know whether that custom chipset will feature in the Pixel 2 or not.

We expect that the Pixel 2 will feature the Intel s Snapdragon 835 chip. But some reports are claiming that Google will add a made-byGoogle chipset to the Pixel 2.

Following Apple, Google is rumored to ditch the headphone jack in the Pixel 2.

Citing internal Google documentation, 9to5Google reported the tech giant will kill the headphone jack in favor of a single USB-C port.

In addition, Google is rumored to introduce a lower-price device called the Pixel 2B alongside or shortly after Pixel 2 this year. The Pixel 2B would be  aimed at different markets  as the company is looking to bring the  Google experience and the Google Phone to emerging markets.  We are hoping to get more information about the Pixel 2B in the coming days.

Moreover, rumors suggest that the next Pixel devices will use QHD displays. The new handsets are expected to run Android O, the latest version of Google s mobile operating system. 
