2016-08-18
Alphabet, Google's Parent Company, Rethinks Approach to Gig Service, Considers ... (TNS)   While Chattanooga touts itself as "the Gig City" for its high-speed internet links provided by its municipal power utility, another major provider of gig service in other cities is rethinking its approach to how it delivers faster web connections.

Google parent Alphabet Inc. is rethinking its fiber optic-based internet business and may now push for wireless technology for internet connections, according to the Wall Street Journal.

The newspaper reported Monday that Google Fiber cities and high-speed internet service proved more expensive than originally forecast.

"Alphabet's internet provider, Google Fiber, has spent hundreds of millions digging up streets to lay fiber-optic cables in a handful of cities through which it offered residents web connections nearly 30 times faster than the U.S. average," reporter Jack Nicas said Monday in a front-page report in the Wall Street Journal. "Now the company is hoping to use wireless technology to connect homes, rather than cables, in about a dozen new metro areas."

Google Fiber installed gig service in parts of Kansas City, Kan.; Provo, Utah; Austin, Tex.; Nashville, Atlanta and Charlotte, N.C.

But other cities that were to get Google Fiber may have to wait or may not get such service. The Journal quoted sources who said Google has suspended cable projects in San Jose, Calif., and Portland, Ore., for at least the next six months.

"The company is trying to cut costs and accelerate its expansion elsewhere by leasing existing fiber or asking cities or power companies to build the networks instead of building its own," Nicas said.

But in Chattanooga, the city-owned utility, EPB, continues to push its fiber optic connections.

EPB pioneered America's first community-wide gigabit-per-second internet service in 2010 after installing fiber to the home for all of its 170,000 customers in its 600-square-mile service territory. EPB issued more than $220 million in bonds to fund the fiber optic network, but the utility was able to use that fiber network for remote power billing and upgraded electric service along with its broadband and TV services. The smart grid features of its fiber network helped EPB reduce its power outages and capture more than $111 million in federal stimulus grants.

As a result, EPB has succeeded in signing up more than 82,000 customers for its fiber optic telecommunications services, which generate a net profit to help keep electric rates about 5 percent lower than they would otherwise be without the fiber optic system, EPB Chairman Joe Ferguson said.

But Google is not realizing as big of a return on its fiber networks and, as a private company, it doesn't qualify for the same federal stimulus support. Google has reached just six metro areas so far.

That's far different from the fanfare in 2010 when Google launched its high-speed internet service and attracted applications from more than 1,000 cities interested in gaining the Google Fiber investment and service. Kansas City was the first city to get the Google Fiber connections in 2012 and, at the time, Google talked about helping build a nationwide network.

"If you're in the telecommunications industry for 150 years, there are no surprises here," Jonathan Reichentel, chief technology officer for the city of Palo Alto, Calif., told the Journal. "But if you're a software company getting into the business for the first time, this is a completely new world."

In July, Google Fiber bought Webpasss Inc., a company that uses fiber-connected antenna connections to serve about 820 buildings in five cities. Webpass Chief Executive Charles Barr told the Journal that wireless offers a chance to overcome the challenging economics of laying fiber cable to every home.

"Everyone who has done fiber to the home has given up because it costs way too much money and takes way too much time," Barr said.

The Journal noted both AT&T and Verizon have discussed using wireless technology for the "last mile" connection to homes to help limit installation costs.

But EPB President David Wade insists fiber-to-the-home has worked for EPB, which was rated this summer by Consumer Reports magazine as the top customer service utility in America.

Wade said that in Chattanooga, EPB was successful with its fiber-to-the-home because of its experience with installing electric wires to every residence as a power utility and its ability to leverage the fiber network for multiple uses. EPB fiber helps the electric utility provide more reliable power and to read power meters without having to send out staff to every house. At the same time, the fiber network allows EPB to provide ultra-fast internet, television and telephone service for customers who sign up for telecom services.

 2016 Chattanooga Times/Free Press (Chattanooga, Tenn.), Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. Uber To Launch First Driverless Fleet This Month; Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) And ... Published By: Myrna Salomon on August 18, 2016 09:57 am EST

Uber has been on the verge of introducing its self-driving car fleet since the past two years, and now here it is. The ride-sharing company announced that its first driverless car fleet would be hitting Pittsburgh roads by the end of this month.

During the ending months of 2014, co-founder and CEO at Uber, Travis Kalanick landed in Pittsburgh in order to pursue an aim, which was to hire global experts in self-driving vehicle sciences. Landing in Pittsburgh proved to be lucky for the CEO as Carnegie Mellon University s robotics department happens to be in the city. The department has produced names with huge credentials in the newly hot space of autonomous vehicles, and to name a couple, Sebastian Thrun   creator of Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) self-driving car project and Chris Urmson   a CMU grad who was the project s former director.

With rapid progress, Uber will now allow its customers in Pittsburgh s downtown to call for a self-driving Uber through their phones. This is one vital milestone achieved by the ride-sharing company, more importantly when an automaker or a tech company are far from making such an announcement.

Alphabet Inc s Google, and the Palo-Alto, California based high-end electric car maker Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) had entered the driverless car space several years back. Google, which is known as the leader in this field, has been in a testing phase of examining its fleet for several years. On the other hand, Tesla has offered the autopilot feature   an elaborated version of cruise control which helps driving cars on the highway.

The driverless car fleet being used by Uber in Pittsburgh will be supervised by humans for a certain time period and these are modified iterations of Volvo XC90 Sports Utility Vehicles (SUVs). The modification involved installations of numerous sensors, which utilize cameras, lasers, GPS receivers and radar.

Earlier this week, Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) announced its aims of producing self-driving vehicles in mass quantities by 2021. The Detroit based car maker has already started the expansion of its workforce and also the enlargement of footprints, according to the CEO Mark Fields. 
2016-02-02
Alphabet, Inc. Shows Just How Profitable Google Really Is Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) on Monday marked its first ever quarter of segment-based reporting. With shares up around 8% in after-hours trading as of this writing, investors couldn't be more pleased.

On a consolidated basis, Alphabet's revenue rose 17.8% year over year to $21.33 billion, and would have climbed an even more impressive 24% had it not been for the negative impact of foreign currency exchange. Based on generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), that translated to 22.3% growth in operating income to $5.38 billion and 5.3% growth in net income to $4.92 billion, or $7.06 per diluted share.

On an adjusted (non-GAAP) basis -- which offers perspective by excluding items like stock-based compensation -- operating income increased 21.7% year over year to $6.82 billion, while adjusted net income jumped 29.8% to $6.04 billion. Adjusted net income per share increased 28.3% to $8.67, bolstered in part by Alphabet's decision to repurchase 2.4 million shares during the quarter for $1.8 billion. That leaves around $3.7 billion remaining under Alphabet's repurchase authorization approved last quarter.

"Our very strong revenue growth in Q4 reflects the vibrancy of our business," added Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat, "driven by mobile search as well as YouTube and programmatic advertising, all areas in which we've been investing for many years. We're excited about the opportunities we have across Google and Other Bets to use technology to improve the lives of billions of people."

Breaking it down

This shouldn't come as a big surprise, especially considering Porat's comments largely mirror those she made three months ago in crediting strength of both YouTube and mobile search for Alphabet's equally exceptional third-quarter 2015 performance.

But as I suggested in my earnings preview last week, things get much more interesting as we contrast the respective financial performances of both Google and Alphabet's "Other Bets" category. In terms of revenue and operating profit, here's what they accomplished over the past two years:

12 months Ended Dec. 31, 2014 12 months Ended Dec. 31, 2015 Growth (YOY) Google segment revenues $65.674 billion $74.541 billion 13.5% Google operating income $19.011 billion $23.425 billion 23.2% Other Bets revenues $327 million $448 million 37% Other Bets operating income (loss) ($1.942 billion) ($3.567 billion) N/A

More on "Other Bets"

So why view them on a 12-month basis? According to Porat during the subsequent conference call:

Keep in mind that Other Bets represents an aggregation of businesses, many of which operate in distinct sectors with different business models. Given their stages of development, these businesses will have idiosyncrasies with respect to the timing of revenue, expenses, and CapEx resulting from milestones, partnerships, and other factors. You can expect that results for the combined Other Bets may be uneven in the near term, so it's likely to be more instructive to look at them on an annual or rolling 12-month basis to assess their trajectory.

Nonetheless, we can see the Other Bets unit is decidedly unprofitable. But keep in mind that Other Bets is comprised of businesses like Fiber (high speed Internet), Verily (longevity), Calico (life sciences), Nest (connected home), self-driving cars, and X (moonshot initiatives) -- all early-stage efforts with massive long-term potential.

Or, as Porat put it during the call, "The majority of efforts within the Other Bets are pre-revenue."

As it stands, the majority of Other Bets' revenue comes from Nest, Fiber, and Verily. At the same time, Other Bets capital expenditures for the year primarily reflected investments in Fiber, and came out at roughly $869 million -- nearly twice the segment's total revenue, but still dwarfed by the $8.8 billion in capex dedicated to the core Google segment.

More on Google

Putting aside the bottom-line drag of Other Bets, Google over the past year boasted a solid operating margin of 31.4%, up from 28.9% in 2014. In part, that's thanks to steadily falling capital expenditures, and remains in line with Porat's encouraging assertion two quarters ago that the company will focus on "developing big opportunities [...] with great care regarding resource allocation."

As a reminder, the Google segment includes collective results from Search, Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, Google Play, and Gmail -- all seven of which individually boasted over one billion users during the quarter -- as well as Ads, Commerce, Apps, and Cloud and hardware products.

But the one thing many of Google's products have in common is advertising, revenue from which climbed 17% year over year to $19.08 billion. That's good for 90.1% of Alphabet's total revenue, up from 89.9% last quarter and down from 90.6% in the same year-ago period.

Within that, revenue from Google's own websites climbed 20% to $14.94 billion, and revenue from Google Network Members' sites rose 7% to $4.14 billion.

Aggregate paid clicks rose 31% year over year, driven by 40% growth in paid clicks on Google websites and a 2% increase in paid clicks on Google Network Members' sites. Aggregate cost-per-click -- which measures how much Google makes per ad -- fell 13%, including a 16% decline on Google sites and a 8% decrease from Google Network Members' sites. But to Google's credit, this is partly due to strong growth in YouTube viewership, where the platform's TrueView ads reach consumers earlier in the purchase funnel, so tend to monetize at lower rates than traditional web-based ad impressions. Still, it's an enviable problem given YouTube's superior growth.

Finally, revenue from non-advertising sources within the Google segment climbed 24% year over year to $2.1 billion, driven by strong growth from Play, Cloud, and Apps.

In the end, I'm sure there's much more digging to be done before we glean the full meaning of everything contained in Google's first segment-based report. But apart from the largely expected lack of profitability at Other Bets, there's little not to like about the Internet behemoth 's latest results. Google Has The Lead In Artificial Intelligence Google/Alphabet has the absolute lead in the race toward practical AI technology and leaves Tesla, FB, Amazon and everyone else far behind.

In this article, I explain what is going on in the AI world and what this means to investors.

Last week, Google made a splash in the research community by beating the game of Go with their latest AI model, AlphaGo.

Last week, Alphabet/Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) subsidiary DeepMind made a splash in the research community by publishing their work on AlphaGo, an artificial intelligence engine that can beat expert human players in the game of Go. From DeepMind's website:

The game of Go is widely viewed as an unsolved "grand challenge" for artificial intelligence. Despite decades of work, the strongest computer Go programs still only play at the level of human amateurs. In this paper we describe our Go program, AlphaGo. This program was based on general-purpose AI methods, using deep neural networks to mimic expert players, and further improving the program by learning from games played against itself. AlphaGo won over 99% of games against the strongest other Go programs. It also defeated the human European champion by 5-0 in tournament games, a feat previously believed to be at least a decade away

Upon reading the Nature paper, I thought it might be useful for investors in the technology space to understand what this actually means and if this has any implications for their investments. Understanding the consequences of research news is often hard because most of the time you will not hear about any of it again for another decade.

This article is meant as a background article for long-term oriented value investors in the technology space. I have never written an article related to my research work so I would be especially interested in comments to let me know if this is interesting to readers.

What does DeepMind do?

DeepMind is an AI company headquartered in London that has the singular goal of working toward general artificial intelligence. It was acquired by Google in early 2014 and under the terms of the acquisition retained the right to remain in London and keep working on its technology. DeepMind's approach is motivated by integrating insights from neuroscience, psychology, statistics, machine learning and computer science into a technique called Deep Reinforcement Learning.

Let us begin with reinforcement learning. Reinforcement learning is a technique characterized by a software agent interacting with an environment. The agent does not know anything about his environment and can take actions and receives rewards depending on how good its actions were:

This is essentially how animals or humans learn. A rat might navigate through a labyrinth and learn that it gets food if it reaches an exit. The key point of RL is that it enables machines to learn things where it would be very hard or expensive to come up with a closed-form analytical solution, e.g. a rule-based system of how to turn in the labyrinth or a system of differential equations to describe the physics of doing something.

RL has been used to do many impressive toy tasks like flying a helicopter inverted. The key point is that the agent will eventually learn to do what you want it to do just from providing a reward signal without anything else (except a whole lot of math of how to learn from the signal which I am completely leaving out of this article). First, the agent explores his environment by randomly trying actions (e.g. chess moves). Then it exploits what it learns and eventually converges toward a policy that achieves his goals.

RL is not a new concept, but it has seen considerable revival since the advent of Deep Learning, the "Deep" in deep reinforcement learning. Deep Learning is another field of machine learning concerned with Deep Neural Networks.

A neural network is essentially a function approximator, which means if you train it with a few samples of what for instance a face is, it can extract the relevant features of a face by itself and hence be used to recognize faces. It can approximate any function by mapping an arbitrarily complex input to some form of output (e.g. categorical, real valued, ordinal).

My most intuitive attempt of an explanation is motivated by neuroscience: If you think about what makes up a face, think about how your brain might recognize one. A face is made up by distinctive face-like features that our brain can assemble. Oval eyes, shadows, nose, mouth. Even if a face is only partially visible or somehow geometrically transformed, our brain is still able to make out a face (or any other object for that matter) easily.

Deep neural networks try to artificially create such an effect by hierarchically constructing these features through multiple processing layers. You input an image in some numerical representation, e.g. pixel values, and then go from constructing smaller features (e.g. local colors/shades/edges) to larger ones (nose, face).

Deep learning is excessively used in image recognition, speech processing or recommendation systems. For instance, MobileEye (NYSE:MBLY) uses deep learning for its autonomous driving systems.

Back to reinforcement learning - the key idea of DeepMind is to integrate deep learning with Reinforcement Learning as follows: DeepMind's learning agents, first tried on old Atari games, only need images as input. This means that it learns things like games like a human just by observing someone else play at first and then playing a number (a large one, that is) of games. This technique is not limited to games, and that is the great achievement of DeepMind. They have created a technology that can learn to do any task expertly, purely from observation (with some caveats on how useful it is for certain tasks and how long it takes to learn, obviously).

How is this useful?

Alphabet/Google has a patent on Deep Reinforcement learning. While DeepMind is doing foundational research, I believe the long-term effect of these efforts will be significant for Alphabet. For Boston Dynamics, Alphabet's robotics subsidiary, it does not take much fantasy to understand how valuable general learning techniques are. For Google, I read a long time ago that Larry Page had a vision of Google Now (Google's personal assistant) ultimately becoming a human-level intelligent service that takes care of everything for you through natural language interaction. Judging from Larry Page's reputation for moon-shots, this does not seem like a far-fetched vision.

More mundane, ad monetization can (and probably already is) be improved if it learns your specific interaction flows with Google's services. Google also could offer their AI as an API through their cloud services. Finally, there is of course the self-driving car.

Of course, it is hard to say how much of DeepMind's technology already has made its way into Google's current products. The point is, Google have taken the lead in AI by having created an environment that draws the best of the best in the area to them. Their research output, judged by their published papers, is astounding.

What's next for DeepMind?

From reading DeepMind's papers throughout last year and listening to presentations from DeepMind people, they are focusing on two things right now. First, generalizing across goals. Their initial approach required to learn everything from scratch for every task. This does not make sense, as humans are great at generalizing across tasks by intuitively judging common structures. DeepMind has already published a theory for this (universal value function approximators). Next, after having beaten every board game of interest, they are moving into 3D worlds and more human-like environments.

What is everyone else up to?

The next best thing after DeepMind is Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) AI research (FAIR). Funny enough, Facebook actually released an update on their own Go engine last week, which is behind DeepMind. Facebook has hired a world-class team around Neural Network experts Yann LeCun and machine learning legend Vladimir Vapnik. Their special expertise lies in image recognition, which of course has a lot of value for Facebook with their focus on image-based services like Instagram.

Facebook also is working on unsupervised learning techniques like RL, but from my personal judgment, DeepMind is ahead due to having developed an infrastructure around their end-to-end AI approach of deep reinforcement learning.

Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) has a lot of expertise in machine learning and, as part of its push into a cloud-centered business, is offering Azure machine learning services. Microsoft can rely on its research division, Microsoft Research (Pending:MSR), which is hugely respected in the community. However, Microsoft's approach seems more revenue-oriented: Instead of doing a Manhattan project of AI like Google, Microsoft's strategy is centered around prediction and analytics services that can be offered to the customer in a neat cloud subscription package.

Lastly, IBM (NYSE:IBM) and its Watson project are not going anywhere. Watson is a question-answering engine that users can interact with in natural language. IBM is commercializing Watson services like Relationship extraction through a cloud service. Watson's architecture is quite different from everything explained above and would take too long to describe here.

The key difference to DeepMind's efforts is that Watson is focused on extracting and analyzing knowledge from data and present it to humans in a meaningful way. This is incredibly useful in various domains such as research and development and IBM is doing a good job pushing this forward. I would describe IBM's efforts as orthogonal to DeepMind and Facebook: DeepMind wants to solve human-like AI, period. IBM wants to make state of the art AI technology available to businesses.

Also ran:

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is traditionally not known to care much about machine learning and artificial intelligence, as it is primarily a hardware company. Last year, Apple reportedly started hiring more in this area to improve Siri. However, this is in no way equal to the concerted efforts of Google, Facebook, Microsoft or IBM to push for a new level of AI.

Uber (Private:UBER) essentially bought Carnegie Mellon University's robotics department last year. To the best of my knowledge, they have not released any research yet and since Uber is still rapidly changing it is too early to judge them as a player.

Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) is beginning to offer prediction and machine learning cloud services on Amazon Web Services, similar to Microsoft, but has little focus on general AI technology.

Conclusion

The takeaway from this article is that there are many players in the artificial intelligence race, but Google has taking the lead by devoting a great deal of resources to a Manhattan project of AI. Right on their tails is Facebook. Most others are primarily trying to commercialize existing methodology rather than making a big push forward.

If you want to invest long term in AI and its implications, look no further than Google. While DeepMind's efforts may take longer to pay-off than IBM's Watson, the potential outcome will ensure Alphabet/Google's place as the most valuable business in the world.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Analysts Bullish on Alphabet Inc (GOOG) and FireEye Inc (FEYE) Amid Earnings ... Analysts from William Blair and Oppenheimer weighed in on internet giant Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) and cybersecurity software maker FireEye Inc (NASDAQ:FEYE) following a strong earnings performance and Inovtas acquisition, respectively. The analyst covering Alphabet is bullish, predicting future growth in YouTube and Mobile, while the other analyst covering FireEye expresses excitement about the threat management potential of the recent acquisition.

Alphabet Inc

William Blair analyst Ralph Schackart remains bullish on Alphabet after the company posted revenue growth for the third consecutive quarter in its recent earnings report. According to Schackart,  positive momentum from mobile search and YouTube, a third straight quarter of reaccelerating constant-currency revenue growth, and the new segment disclosures all contributed to the stock s move.  Schackart believes Alphabet s shares will continue to represent a  favorable risk/return framework  and therefore he maintains his bullish outlook.

Looking forward, analysts expect YouTube to provide the  next leg of earnings growth  which could  potentially contribute $3-$5 of EPS by 2018.  The company s net revenue of $17.3 billion topped analysts  estimates of $16.9 billion for the quarter, while gross revenue increased 21% YOY on a constant-currency basis from last quarter. Gross revenue, however, was negatively impacted by foreign currency movements resulting in a $1.0 billion loss for the quarter.

The results from Cost per click (CPC) and paid clicks are  mixed.  Schackart points out that  aggregate CPC decreased by 13% (consensus down 6%) YOY, but paid clicks increased 31% (consensus 22%) YOY. Despite the mixed report, on the earnings call Alphabet emphasized that  strength in mobile was the biggest contributor to revenue reacceleration  and highlighted the importance of YouTube and programmatic (DoubleClick) for future growth.

To note: Gmail has surpassed 1 billion monthly active users and Alphabet repurchased $1.8 billion of stock during the last quarter.

The analyst maintains an Outperform rating on the stock without providing a price target.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Ralph Schackart has a yearly average return of 51% and a 3.9% success rate.

Out of the 30 analysts who have rated the stock in the last 3 months on TipRanks, 29 gave a Buy rating, while 1 remains on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $925.69, marking a 15% upside from current levels.

FireEye Inc

Yesterday, FireEye announced its acquisition of Inovtas, a provider of security automation and orchestration technology. Analyst Shaul Eyal of Oppenheimer weighed in on the cyber security firm this morning, explaining how the acquisition will benefit the company.

Eyal explains how the acquisition will help FireEye streamline and automate the amount of potential and real threats experienced by the company s technology. He comments,  With the volume/variety of threats increasing, it is only a matter of time before enterprises can no longer manually investigate and respond to each alert. Routine actions can eat away at well-staffed IT centers and lead to backlogs. By automating routine processes, the time required to contain and mitigate security incidents is reduced from days or weeks to minutes. 

Furthermore, the analyst points to the company s existing partnership with ForeScout, a privately held-company that connects various devices and offers cyber security protections. Eyal explains,  By combining joint FEYE/Invotas/ForeScout capabilities, the IT manager is provided with unique real-time visibility into existing and potential network threats. 

Overall, Eyal believes FireEye has an attractive valuation and is trading at an unwarranted discount. The analyst reiterates an Outperform rating on the stock with a $39 price target.

According to TipRanks, Shaul Eyal is a top-ranked analyst with a 57% success rate recommending stocks and +9.9% average return per rating. According to the analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 10 are bullish on FEYE while 8 remain neutral. The average 12-month price target between these 18 analysts is $28.35, marking over a 100% potential upside to current levels. Top Analysts Bullish on Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) and NXP Semiconductors NV (NXPI ... Top analysts are releasing earnings left and right this week as major companies report earnings. Here, top analyst Mark Mahaney weighs in after Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) crushes earnings, while Rick Schafer of Oppenheimer explains why he is bullish on NXP Semiconductors NV (NASDAQ:NXPI) ahead of earnings.

Alphabet Inc

Mark Mahaney of RBC Capital was eager to weigh in on Alphabet after the company released earnings yesterday after market close. The company posted gross revenue of $21.3 billion, beating the analyst s estimates by 2% thanks to Mobile and YouTube revenue, and marking the fastest revenue growth since 2012. Non-GAAP EPS came in at $8.67, beating Mahaney s estimate of $7.91.

Diving deeper into the earnings report, Mahaney points to the impressive acceleration in revenue and paid clicks. He highlights a 31% y/y increase in paid click growth across Google; the core of Alphabet. Furthermore, he notes an expanding operating margin of 39.5%, even though this came in below consensus estimates of 40.6%.

Mahaney touches on Alphabet s  Other Bets,  or the company s moonshot projects, noting,  Other Bets  15 Revenue of $448MM was shy of our best efforts guesstimate of $771MM  Other Bets  15 Op Loss of $3.1B was at the low end of our $3-$6B est range. 

As a result of core Google s strong earnings, he is increasing his  17E gross revenue estimate by 3% to $101 billion. He explains,  The Market has wanted four things from GOOGL: consistent rev growth, margin stabilization, greater disclosure & cash back. GOOGL is now over-delivering  We believe GOOGL is placing the right bets on its core, adjacency, and moonshot assets.  Overall, Mahaney reiterates an Outperform rating on GOOGL and raises his price target from $880 to $1,000.

Mark Mahaney has a 58% success rate recommending stocks with a +18.5% average return per rating. According to TipRanks, 21 analysts are bullish on GOOGL while 1 remains on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target between these 22 analysts is $886.89, marking a 15% potential upside from where shares last closed.

NXP Semiconductors NV

Ahead of NXP Semi s earnings report, scheduled to be released tomorrow evening, analyst Rick Schafer of Oppenheimer weighed in on the company with commentary. Schafer is expecting the semiconductor company to post Q4 sales of $1.575 billion and EPS of $0.97, compared to the overall analyst consensus of $1.54 billion and $1.02, respectively.

He warns that iPhone 6 weakness and  continued channel inventory work-down likely remain a drag through 1Q.  However, this is the first quarter of full synergies between Freescale Semi and NXP since NXP acquired the company in March. Schafer explains,  We see continued significant synergies from the merger with the potential for 20%-plus EPS accretion as cost cuts take root, mgmt reduces/restructures FSL s high-yielding debt and, most importantly, uses combined FCF to repurchase shares. 

The analyst is also bullish on the company s auto segment, explaining,  We look for NXP s Auto segment to begin rebounding in 1Q as channel inventory clears. Now the No. 1 auto semi supplier, NXPI is ideally positioned, in our view, to benefit from continued auto semi content growth. 

Overall, Schafer reiterates his Outperform rating on the stock with a $100 price target.

Schafer has a 68% success rate recommending stocks with a +21.4% one-year average return per rating. According to TipRanks, all 8 analysts who have rated the stock in the last 3 months are bullish with an average 12-month price target of $111.17, marking a 45% potential upside from where shares last closed. Alphabet officially surpasses Apple as world's most valuable company Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% officially surpassed Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% as the largest company by market capitalization on Tuesday morning. The company's shares rose more than 3% to $795 in high-volume trade, which gives its stock a valuation of $546.8 billion, versus Apple's $530.9 billion market cap. This is the first time Alphabet has been valued higher than Apple since January 11, 2010, when they briefly crisscrossed. Apple surpassed ExxonMobil XOM, -1.54% as the world's most valuable company in 2011, and has held the title for more than four straight years. The oil giant has since been pushed down even further in the ranks by Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.43% which is now the third most valuable company with a market cap of $430 billion. Alphabet's rise to the world's most valuable company follows stronger-than-expected quarterly earnings. The company's shares are up 50% over the last 12 months, versus a 5% decline for the S&P 500. How Alphabet's Structure Shows Off Google's True Value Here s a shocker from the annals of Silicon Valley s relationship with Wall Street: Optics matter.

The latest proof point for this truism is Alphabet ( goog ) , the holding company for Google and its non-advertising-related siblings, which for the first time on Monday broke out results for its core business from the other stuff . Alphabet decided to show investors the strength of its advertising business ( 2015 operating earnings of $23 billion ) compared with its so-called moonshots ( operating loss of $3.6 billion .)

Because investors were so encouraged by the strength of the core, they are likely to reward Alphabet Tuesday by making it the world s most valuable public company, surpassing Apple ( aapl ) .

Get Data Sheet , Fortune s technology newsletter.

What makes this particularly noteworthy is that in its relatively short existence Alphabet s precursor, Google, mostly thumbed its nose at Wall Street. When it went public in 2004, it loudly proclaimed that its founders and then CEO Eric Schmidt controlled the company through super-voting shares. As a result, management intended to invest for the long term short-term results be damned and investors who didn t like this were welcome to sell the stock.

I always applauded Google for this position. (Take note: My praise predated my becoming a Google spouse, which I am today.) Google knew it had something so good on its hands that it could tell Wall Street what to do rather than the other way around.

Larry Page on the rationale for creating Alphabet .

What changed? Like most of us, Google has grown up. It still does what it wants, when it wants, where it wants. But it isn t above coveting a higher stock price, the better to make acquisitions and reward its employees. Segmented reporting changes nothing but the messaging, of course. As Conor Dougherty intelligently wrote in the New York Times :  Google began 2015 as a giant advertising company connected to a collection of intriguing science projects. Alphabet ended the year as a collection of intriguing science projects connected to a highly profitable advertising business. 

Performance matters most. Transparency helps too. 
2016-04-09
Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Google's Android Studio 2.0 Is a Blessing for App Developers Published By: Myrna Salomon on April 9, 2016 08:28 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) Google released Android Studio back in 2013. It was the company s first official integrated development environment (IDE), and its sole purpose was to make it easier for users to develop apps for Android devices. Android Studio proved to be a huge success, and has been used to create a staggering 1.6 million apps to date. However, Android Studio has remained the same from the time it was released, which makes sense for Google to give it a makeover and introduce new features with Android Studio 2.0.

Android Studio 2.0 comes with new features, out of which Instant Run will most certainly appeal to the masses. Basically, it allows developers to review how a change in code could affect the app while it is running. Developers will essentially no longer be required to install or run APKs each and every time to make this possible.

On the other hand, Android Studio 2.0 also makes full use of multi-core GPUs. What this means is that the development toolkit is at least three times faster than its predecessor. Additionally, a new interface has been integrated, thus making it a lot easier for developers to fine tune apps.

That being said, once an app is ready, it can be tested through Google s Cloud Test Lab, which will ensure apps have zero bugs and problems before being rolled out for everyone. Google has also introduced App Indexing to its development toolkit, and this gives developers the ability to allow users to search for their apps on Google Play and Search.

All in all, this is a great move by Google, as it will definitely appeal to all those who have had a hard time creating new apps for Android devices. Taking the aforementioned features into account, and like its predecessor, Android Studio 2.0 too will be a success. 
2016-08-20
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)'s Google Announces Slow Death to Chrome App Support Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Google has announced its plans to phase out Chrome apps on Windows, Mac, and Linux operating systems over the next two years, and both users and developers are enjoined to act quickly before they draw the final curtain in 2018, Google announced in a blog post. Chrome apps were launched three years ago.

Google will withdraw support for all packaged apps and hosted apps on Windows, Mac, and Linux   but never on Chrome OS. The internet giant made it clear that most hosted apps are currently being used as normal web apps while only 1% of Linux, Mac, and Windows users utilize packaged apps for Chrome OS   making it clearly unnecessary to continue supporting other platforms.

Google advises developers to only build Chrome apps for Chrome OS

Given its plans to evolve away from Chrome apps platform, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Google now advises app developers to only build Chrome or Android apps for the Chrome OS, since only these will remain maintained and supported for as far as the internet giant can see into the future.

According to Rahul Roy-Chowdhury, Vice President of Product Management, existing Chrome apps will continue to be available for everyone on Windows, Mac, and Linux platforms and developers can go on updating them till the end of this year. But newly created Chrome apps will only be accessible on Chrome OS alone.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

As from mid 2017, Roy-Chowdhury made it clear that only Chrome apps for the Chrome OS will remain visible and accessible on Chrome Web Store   but themes and extensions for Mac, Linux and Windows might remain. But total support and accessibility for Chrome apps on these other platforms will quit by early 2018.

Google Inc. advises Chrome apps developers on Linux, Mac, and Windows platforms to move all their apps to the web; and those who can t completely migrate their apps should utilize new APIs to make this possible. Developers who have difficulty fully migrating their Chrome apps to the web may also temporarily use Electron, Nw.js or a Chrome extension platform.

Mixed reactions from developers trail Alphabet Inc. s decision

A lot of reactions from developers and users on Google+ trail this new Chrome apps/Chrome OS decision, and while many hail the new development, many others expressed frustration with the transition.

Lunix Watt, a developer commented on Google s blog post via Google+ that  I m just furious. This means my efforts when I wrote code for Chrome apps is lost. I spent enough time and hope on it to be profoundly disgusted. 

 Wow, this is stupid,  wrote Lou Gagliardi in reaction to this development.  I use tweetdeck and amazon kindle online. I use Gallium OS on my Chromebook and use the webcam app from Google Chrome. I hate that Google changes its mind so easily! 

And yet another user, Vishal Ravishankar, wrote  So what will happen to Chrome Remote Desktop and Hangouts? I use them every day and pretty frequently. 

One thing however stands out: while Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Google is thinking only of its own skin and expressed some thoughts for developers, little thought is spared for majority of Chrome apps users across other platforms. 
2016-07-16
Pok mon Go - Will This Google Cloud Burst Spawn REIT Windfalls?  
2016-03-07
Google Stock: This Could Be the Next Big Thing from Alphabet Inc By Jeff Russell, B. Comm., MA Published : March 7, 2016

In the last couple of years, tech companies such as Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (KRX:005930) have allowed us to pay for our purchases with the tap of our phone. But if a test-pilot program turns out to be successful, it could be big for GOOG stock. You see, Alphabet, formerly called Google, is trying to simplify the way we pay for things and thinks it can streamline that process using our faces.

Imagine a future in which you don t have to reach into your pocket to pull out your phone or wallet or  pick up a hot dog at the ballpark without fumbling to pass coins or your credit card to the cashier.  (Source:  Testing, Testing   One, Two, Hands Free,  Google Commerce blog, March 2, 2016.) Apparently, Google thinks that s what we all want.

Last week, Google stock announced that it is launching a pilot of its  Hands Free  payment system in the South Bay area of San Francisco. Users can download the Hands Free  Android  or  iOS  app and add their name, initials, a picture of themselves, and a payment method.

Once the app is installed, Hands Free uses Bluetooth, Wi-Fi, and location services to detect if you are in a participating store. When you get to the cash register, all you have to say is  I ll pay with Google.  The cashier will ask for your initial and use the picture you provided on your Hands Free profile to confirm your identity.

But wait. Google thinks it can make this process even faster, too. At select stores, Google is experimenting with visual identification, so you won t even have to open your mouth. An in-store camera will capture your image so that when you checkout, your picture automatically comes up and payment is confirmed.

So why is Google doing this? The mobile payments market is set to explode and Google wants to be a big part of that. Since Google rolled out  Android Pay  last September, the company has averaged 1.5 million new registrations each month in the U.S. There are also about two million locations that accept the payment method. (Source: Ibid.)

Additionally, the mobile payments market is expected to more than triple in 2016, from $8.71 billion to $27.05 billion worth of transactions. (Source:  How mobile payments will grow in 2016,  Fortune, October 29, 2015.)

With that kind of growth, it s important for Google to get its brand onto as many phones as possible, and they are hoping to do that by creating an even more convenient way to pay.

Hands Free is an interesting experiment and if it manages to gain traction, expect Google stock to run higher. Insider Selling Alert: GoPro Inc. (GPRO), Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Published By: Ramsha Amir on March 7, 2016 08:21 am EST

The Country Caller highlights GoPro Inc. s insider selling report. The particulars of each transaction are as follows:

GoPro Inc.

President John Bates unloaded 9,757 shares, (2.72% of his immediate ownership in the company) a total of $136,939 in multiple transactions on March 4. Following this transactions, he had a leftover direct stake of 349,915 shares worth $4,674,864.

All of the 55 transactions   worth a combined total of $167,738,899   that GoPro Inc. saw insiders make during the last 12 months were sells.

Alphabet Inc.

President Sergey Brin unloaded 16,666 shares, (18.28% of his immediate ownership in the company) a total of $9,684,982 in multiple transactions on March 4. Following this, Mr. Brin had a leftover direct stake of 74,500 shares worth $54,401,390.

All of the 2,859 transactions   worth a combined total of $2,667,767,540   that Alphabet Inc. saw insiders make during the last 12 months were sells. 
2016-04-06
Google Cloud: Third Horse In A 3-Horse Race  Amazon and Alphabet share one approach that Apple avoids While Apple Inc. prides itself on being calculated and careful stalking its prey stealthily for a long time before pouncing at the most unexpected moment Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. have a startlingly different approach, one that puts a premium on failure.

Amazon AMZN, -1.29% and Alphabet GOOG, -0.09% GOOGL, -0.15% spend exorbitant amounts of money in what Apple might argue is in frivolous fashion to throw things at the wall in hopes they ll stick. This risky behavior and tolerance for failure has long defined Google through its  moonshots,  such as the developing driverless car. But it became evident as a business strategy of Amazon s as well this week, when Chief Executive Jeff Bezos lauded failure in a letter to shareholders as the only way to score  outsized returns. 

 Given a 10% chance of a 100 times payoff, you should take that bet every time,  said Bezos, who took a personal bet on the newspaper industry in 2013 when he bought the Washington Post for $250 million.

Also See: 5 key lines from Bezos s latest letter to Amazon shareholders

It shouldn t be a huge surprise Amazon thinks this way the company, after all, has been investing in drone technology in hopes of one day launching a nationwide flying unmanned delivery service. But Bezos s narrative about risk in his letter show it likely has been, and continues to be, a huge driver of many of Amazon s past successes and failures, from its fast-growing Amazon Web Services enterprise cloud division to the now defunct Fire smartphone.

Bezos compared such risky bets to swinging for the fences in baseball in hopes of getting a grand slam, only he believes payoffs can be much more robust than just four runs in the business world.

 Big winners pay for so many experiments,  he said.  Outsized returns often come from betting against conventional wisdom, and conventional wisdom is usually right. 

Google has also run on this philosophy. Co-founder and CEO Larry Page believes in it so much, in fact, he reorganized the company under the Alphabet operating structure last summer so that the company s core business could shine on its own and free the company to invest in experimental products, such as glucose-monitoring smart contact lenses, without upsetting shareholders.

The huge successes have come with huge failures for both companies. Amazon, for example, discontinued the Fire phone last year after the product category failed to compete in an already crowded marketplace dominated by Apple AAPL, -0.53% and Samsung 005930, -0.94% . Alphabet discontinued its wearable computer push, Google Glass, last January after it failed to gain much mainstream steam.

 Failure and invention are inseparable twins.  Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos

It s a strategy that might be applauded by the riskiest of Wall Street s betters, the ones who trade derivatives in hopes of huge payouts despite the high chance of failure. In the past few years, risky bets have proven a fruitful characteristic for shareholders. Amazon s shares have skyrocketed 230% over the last five years, while Google s have jumped nearly 160%. Apple s, by comparison, are up 125%.

 Failure and invention are inseparable twins,  Bezos said in the letter published late Tuesday.  To invent you have to experiment, and if you know in advance that it s going to work, it s not an experiment. 

Apple AAPL, -0.53% might be characterized by Bezos as doing the opposite.

While Apple s risk-averse strategy has worked for a while, the company has recently been criticized for no longer innovating at the same pace it used to, and Bezos might argue it is because the company has little tolerance for risk. Apple faces its first year-over-year decline in iPhone sales in the current fiscal quarter.

 Most large organizations embrace the idea of invention, but aren't willing to suffer the string of failed experiments necessary to get there,  Bezos said. 
2016-06-02
Alphabet Inc's Google CEO Sunder Pichai's Code 2016 Address Reaffirms ... Published By: Angela Campbell on June 2, 2016 08:44 am EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) takes its approach to AI and its achievements in related industries far more seriously than its competition as evidenced by Google CEO Sundar Pichai s keynote address at Google s I/O conference as well as his statements at Vox Media s Code conference.

While leaving little room for doubt that Google has built itself a significant lead when it comes to AI simply because they had been doing it longer and had dedicated more resources to research, Google s CEO Sunder Pichai was quick to note that rivalries, when it comes to AI, may not run as deep as other industries.

He talked about how the industry s biggest challenge was not to simply get its AI to answer basic questions, but rather have the ability to be more  conversational  in nature and be able to draw context from an ongoing conversation, something that would allow it to deal with follow-up questions and identify and relate to objects based on tone, positioning, conversations as well as be able to understand and comprehend jokes, sarcasm and humor. This is what would differentiate Google from the rest of the AI market. He stated that Google had been successful in being able to quantify context in a conversation, something that is key to building a digital assistant one can have a conversation with.

He also talked about the privacy issues users feel strongly about when considering the fact that an always-on AI can listen to, analyze and even form conclusions via information that is available readily to it, something that could essentially have strong implications for potential privacy breaches. He responded by stating that users would be able to turn off the assistant and its listening features and would also be given more sophisticated privacy controls over time.

He also stated that Google would be open to have Apple services on Android just like the latter s services are readily available on iOS. He also hinted that he would like to have a significant presence in China but Google s presence in that region was conditional at best even as he noted that Google was  for everyone, including China. 

According to Mr. Pichai, we are at least five to ten years from the recently unveiled Google Home, maturing its conversational abilities and building dialogue with the underlying hardware is just a manifestation of the actual software powering it - which is expected to grow and evolve over time as it continues to cater to its audience. The Google CEO made it clear that the AI industry, despite all the hype and multi-billion dollar research funding, is in its infancy and it could take many years for it to mature past what is now a limited tool at best and a plaything in most computer labs. Baldwin Brothers Inc urges Alphabet shareholders to vote for proposal to address gender pay gap - SEC filing  
2016-05-11
Google IO: Positioning Android To Disrupt The PC Industry  Google's Page-Level Ads Deserve Your Attention  FTC taking second look at Google search - Politico, citing sources  
2016-02-06
Google Stock: Revolutionary Project Could Be a Game-Changer for Alphabet Inc By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : February 6, 2016

This Could Be Big for Google Stock

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), better known as Google, has sent its autonomous driving cars to Kirkland, Washington State. The choice was not random. Washington State is rainy and Google wants to find out how its driverless cars can cope in wet conditions. The announcement is sure to boost Google stock s image as an innovator. (Source:  Google now testing self-driving cars in Washington,  CNBC, February 4, 2016.)

Driverless technology is the future of the automotive industry. The predictable nature of driverless cars means that they can reduce road accidents. Google is one of the leaders in driverless technology. Google s tests in Washington will bring driverless technology closer to the market. Indeed, self-driving cars have already become essential to the value of Google stock.

Rain, snow, fog, and even mud reduce visibility and sensors on self-driving cars must learn to adapt. Google s car will have to understand how to cope with the reduced visibility that precipitation and other weather elements can cause. Its sensors must react intelligently, depending on the environment. For now, Google is testing its technology on specially adapted Lexus  RX450h  hybrid SUVs.

Google has been testing the driverless technology for about six years in Mountain View, California. It expanded testing to Austin, Texas last summer. Google chose the Texan town because it adds a special challenge for the autonomous driving system. Whereas in Mountain View, traffic lights align vertically (as in most of the U.S.), in Austin, they align horizontally. This allows engineers to observe how the technology reacts to an unusual situation.

The move to Kirkland, WA comes just as the U.S. Department of Transportation and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) considers easing vehicle safety rules in favor of driverless technology to speed up its development. (Source: Ibid.)

Google s driverless cars have already traveled more than 1.4 million miles in autonomous mode, according to the company. (Source: Ibid.) This company is leading the driverless offensive, but has found regulations to be an obstacle to development.

Google stock should gain from the NHTSA s decision to allow 2,500 vehicles (from all manufacturers) to test driverless technology on open roads. Given the advanced status of its research, Google is leading the race to be the first to sell a driverless car to the public in the U.S.

To address the challenges of self-driving, the  Google Car  is able to communicate with pedestrians. This should make its driverless technology easier to install on a wide scale, easing regulatory concerns. Google has filed a patent for its this technology that allows communication with pedestrians.

In the future, Google plans to test its driverless cars in three other cities. One of these could be Ann Arbor, Michigan.

Google is also looking for a partner to help build its autonomous cars. Many analysts expected Ford Motor Company and Google to partner up, but at the Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas, Ford made no mention of such a partnership. (Source:  CES: Google, Ford Self-Driving Vehicle Tie-Up And Volkswagen Electric Microbus Coming, Say Reports,  Forbes, December 22, 2015.) 
2016-09-08
Alphabet and Chipotle Are Bringing Burrito Delivery Drones to Campus In what s sure to be a college student s dream come true, drones will soon be delivering burritos on the campus of Virginia Tech.

The experimental service, to begin this month and last just a few weeks, is a test by Project Wing, a unit of Google s parent company Alphabet Inc. Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. and the Blacksburg, Virginia, university have agreed to participate.

The Federal Aviation Administration approved the venture, the most extensive test yet in the U.S. of what many companies -- including Amazon.com Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. -- hope will eventually become routine drone deliveries of products. Amazon has begun a round of trials at a location in the U.K.

"It s the first time that we re actually out there delivering stuff to people who want that stuff,  said Dave Vos, who heads Project Wing.

A Project Wing aircraft lowering a package to the ground during recent testing. Source: Alphabet Inc.

Food Truck

Project Wing will use self-guided hybrids that can fly like a plane or hover like a helicopter. They will make deliveries from a Chipotle food truck to assess the accuracy of navigation systems and how people respond.

The devices will hover overhead and lower the Chipotle edibles with a winch.

Part of the experiment will be to see how well the packaging protects the chow and keeps it warm. Food was selected as the demonstration cargo because it s a challenge. The company is already at work on a more sophisticated second version of the aircraft that won t be used in the tests, Vos said.

Before widespread deliveries can occur, companies will have to convince the FAA that drones can avoid each other and safely navigate to drop spots using robotic technology. The agency on Aug. 29 instituted broad new regulations for commercial drones. While companies hope the rules will clear the way for drone deliveries, they didn t permit such flights initially.

For Bloomberg Intelligence on drone delivery, click here.

The burrito-bearing aircraft will be flown by automation, but human pilots will be standing by to take control if necessary to comply with FAA rules, he said. Because regulations also don t allow drones to fly over people, participants will be shielded, according to the company.

Vos said the experiment will not assess one of the major technology hurdles facing drone deliveries: creation of a low-level air-traffic system that can maintain order as the skies become more crowded with unmanned vehicles. NASA is working with Project Wing and other companies to develop the framework for such a system.

Data from the tests will be provided to the FAA to help the agency develop new rules allowing deliveries, Vos said.

Alphabet sees the technology as potentially creating sweeping changes to society and the economy, it said in a statement. It would not only reduce carbon emissions, but may change the way consumers shop, the company said.

To read Bloomberg QuickTake on drones, click here.

The project is part of Virginia Tech s efforts to become a leader in new transportation technology, school President Timothy Sands said in an interview.

 It sounds simple, but it s not,  Sands said.  There are a lot of things to work out from a safety point of view and a policy point of view. 

The university is part of the Mid-Atlantic Aviation Partnership, one of six groups chosen as unmanned test beds by the FAA.

The volunteers ordering drone-delivery food will be made up of a mix of Virginia Tech employees, students and possibly other recruits, Mark Blanks, director of the partnership, said.

 This is the most complex delivery flight operation that I am aware of that s occurred on U.S. soil,  Blanks said. Google Enters New Era  JP Morgan's Top Internet Ideas: Facebook Inc (FB), Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN ... Heading into the last 4 months of the year, J.P. Morgan top analyst Doug Anmuth highlights his top Internet picks, which include Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Let s take a closer look:

Facebook Inc

So what s in store for Facebook stock this year? Anmuth highlights three key drivers in 2H16: (1) Ad revenue deceleration likely slower than feared    We think expectations are relatively in check following mgmt s cautious tone around tougher ad rev comps in 2H16 and guide to lower sequential growth rates in 3Q and 4Q [ ] we feel downside is limited given our expectation for N-T growth to continue to be driven by the mobile News Feed, including video and DPAs, along w/Insta. (2) Opex spend    We model +45% Y/Y  16 cash opex growth, which we think could be a driver of the stock in 2H16 as margins are likely more stable than in.  (3) Attractive valuation as FB s multiple has already compressed.

While overall enthusiasm toward Facebook is a bit muted, the analyst believes the stock presents a good buying opportunity. As such, Anmuth reiterates an Overweight rating on FB, with a price target of $170, which represents a potential upside of 30.5% from where the stock is currently trading.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Doug Anmuth has a yearly average return of 19.8% and a 67.8% success rate. Anmuth has a 57.2% average return when recommending FB, and is ranked #20 out of 4147 analysts.

Out of the 36 analysts polled by TipRanks (in the past 3 months), 31 rate Facebook stock a Buy, and 5 rate the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 20%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $156.01.

Amazon.com, Inc.

Amazon is another J.P. Morgan favorite heading into the last 4 months of the year. Analyst Doug Anmuth reiterates an Overweight rating on the stock, with a price target of $925, which implies an upside of 18%.

The analyst noted,  The AMZN story has come together with profitability as AMZN continues to benefit from the AMZN flywheel, Prime, a growing distribution footprint, getting closer to customers, 3P, AWS the list goes on. AMZN s stock is currently trading near its all-time high after increasing 118% in  15 and 14% YTD, but we think it still remains early in both eComm and public cloud adoption, w/plenty of headroom. Importantly, we believe AMZN is now at a level of scale and gross profit dollars where it can both invest aggressively and deliver material profits. 

The overwhelmingly majority of experts say Amazon is a  Buy.  The average forecast is for the stock to hit $888.45 in the coming months, according to data compiled by TipRanks.

Alphabet Inc

Anmuth also highlights the search giant as a top pick, assigning an Overweight rating and $950 price target on GOOGL. The analyst explains,  Alphabet shares have underperformed the market at just +2% YTD vs. +7% for SPX despite posting strong 23%+ FXHN revenue growth in 1Q and 2Q w/operating income margin expanding 100bps+ in both quarters. We think Alphabet share performance YTD was weighted down by concerns over N-T revenue growth decel and TAC growth along with Alphabet shares being wellowned. However, we continue to believe strong revenue growth, greater cost discipline, better transparency, and attractive valuation should carry the stock higher. 

Anmuth is not the only analyst considering GOOGL stock a  Buy  at today s price. According to TipRanks.com, out of 45 analysts, 44 rate Alphabet stock a Buy, while 1 rates the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 16%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $927.84. Apigee enters definitive agreement to be acquired by Google  
2016-09-03
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Upcoming October Event: Everything You Should Know Published By: Ken Bock on September 3, 2016 08:18 am EST

For quite a while now, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been rumored to be working on a modular smartphone device dubbed  Project Ara  which would allow users to upgrade separate components of their smartphone without having to replace the entire device. While the tech giant was highly tipped to revolutionize the smartphone world with the concept, latest rumors indicate such technology will not be released anytime soon. Instead, reliable sources have speculated that the tech giant is set to focus on announcing other devices at its upcoming October Event. According to the latest reports, Google will announce two new Pixel handsets, a significantly upgraded Chromecast, and its latest virtual reality headset.

New Pixel Smartphones

According to a report by Android Police, Google is set to announce two new Pixel smartphone devices, dubbed Google  Pixel  and Google  Pixel XL  at its upcoming October 4 event. However, the tech giant is also highly rumored to be working on its next-generation Nexus smartphone devices, making it quite unlikely that it would look to release four new smartphone handsets simultaneously. Interestingly, many sources are of the opinion that the company would kill off its Nexus devices and launch its highly-anticipated Pixel handsets instead. Google has remained very tight-lipped on its next-generation Smartphone project so far, making it very difficult to speculate on the possible specs of the upcoming devices.

Chromecast

There are a number of reports which suggest that Google is set to announce a new Chromecast with 4K resolution compatibility. There also are contradicting rumors regarding the name of the upcoming Chromecast, with the most popular sites claiming that the upcoming device will either be referred to as the  Chromecast Plus  or the  Chromecast Ultra.  Hopefully, the tech giant will shed some light on the specs of the upcoming device at its October event.

New Virtual Reality Headset

Google has reaffirmed it would allocate significant improvements regarding virtual reality in its upcoming Android Nougat operating system, so there is a high chance that the tech giant would unveil an upgraded VR headset at its upcoming event. With major rivals like Samsung, HTC, and Apple expected to bring their own respective VR upgrades, Google is well aware of the fact that it cannot afford to fall behind in a market which is seen as the future of the tech space. 
2016-01-06
How Apple Works With IBM, Samsung, Alphabet, Intel, and Microsoft The great philosopher Heraclitus said,  There is nothing permanent except change.  This is indeed one of the defining statements that holds true in almost all aspects of life, even business. Arch-rivals who compete with each other - be it for the market share, sale numbers, innovation or customer s loyalty at times - need to play a complementary role, keeping aside competitive spirit, in order to meet business requirements.

So, independence and interdependence are both essentials to thrive in the world of business. We take a look at the relationship Apple, Inc. shares with companies such as International Business Machines Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, Samsung Electronics Co. Limited, Alphabet, Inc. and Intel Corporation.

International Business Machines (IBM)

Apple and IBM have had their share of rivalry, which was triggered by Apple s  kind of mocking  advertisement on the IBM PC in 1981 which said,  Welcome IBM, Seriously.  While the two companies have been rivals for more than 30 years, they have also collaborated on few projects along the way. However, the 2014 partnership between Apple, Inc. (AAPL) and International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) has been a significant one and thus came as a surprise, if not a shocker. The partnership has turned out to be good so far.

This is how the relationship is defined,  Apple and IBM are redefining the mobile enterprise one industry and role at a time by combining the exponential power of corporate data with the world s best mobile technology. This exclusive global partnership is delivering a new generation of apps called IBM MobileFirst for iOS. These apps connect users to big data and analytics right on their iOS devices - with more ease and efficiency than ever before. 

In about 17 months since the two collaborated, IBM has released more than 100 iOS apps that cater to professionals across industries like travel and transportation, retail, industrial products, insurance, healthcare, government, electronics, energy and utilities, chemical and petroleum, consumer products, and banking as well as financial markets.

Samsung Electronics Co Ltd

Samsung and Apple are hardcore rivals when it comes to smartphone supremacy. The two have in fact been engaged in multiple patent suits against each other. However, despite the war in the court-room, the two have managed to continued business as partners. Samsung, the South Korean giant, is among the top suppliers for Apple, A9 chipsets for iPhone 6 and 6S being one of them.

This makes Apple an important customer for Samsung. Samsung recently paid Apple $548 million after the latter won a patent battle that started in 2011 against Samsung for infringing upon some of Apple s patents and designs. Adding another angle to the complexities between the two competitors, Samsung Vice President Alanna Cotton recently said the smartwatch, which Samsung released last Fall to positive reviews, would be compatible with Apple s iOS operating system for phones and other devices as reported by the Wall Street Journal.



Intel Corporation

Intel Corporation (INTC) and Apple partnered for the first time in 2005 when Apple announced its plan to use Intel microprocessors to deliver models of its Macintosh computers by 2006 and eventually all of its Macs by end of 2007. According to the press release,  Our goal is to provide our customers with the best personal computers in the world, and looking ahead Intel has the strongest processor roadmap by far,  said Steve Jobs, Apple s CEO.  It s been 10 years since our transition to the PowerPC and we think Intel s technology will help us create the best personal computers for the next 10 years.  The two companies continue to work together and it is rumored that Apple s iPhone 7 is likely to feature Intel chip inside.

Alphabet, Inc.

The relationship between Apple, Inc. and Alphabet, Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) has been complicated. In August 2006, Apple announced that Dr. Eric Schmidt, then chief executive officer of Google (now chairman), was elected to Apple s board of directors. This was the period when Apple and Google enjoyed a good rapport, and so did Steve Jobs and Eric Schmidt. However, dynamics soon changed when Google launched the Android, few months after the iPhone was unveiled.

In August 2009, Apple announced that Eric Schmidt was resigning from Apple s Board of Directors. The press release quoted Steve Jobs,  ...as Google enters more of Apple s core businesses, with Android and now Chrome OS, Eric s effectiveness as an Apple Board member will be significantly diminished, since he will have to recuse himself from even larger portions of our meetings due to potential conflicts of interest. Therefore, we have mutually decided that now is the right time for Eric to resign his position on Apple s Board. 

The launch of Android made Steve Job unhappy and somewhere broke his trust, a few lines from his biography (released after his death in 2011) have often been stated,  I will spend my last dying breath if I need to and will spend every penny of Apple s $40 billion in the bank, to right this wrong. I m going to destroy Android because it s a stolen product. I m willing to go thermonuclear war on this. 

Android s popularity has been magnificent and despite rivalry, Apple and Google have continued in a business relationship. According to an article by The New York Times,  Because Google pays billions to Apple to make its search engine the default search provider for iOS devices, the company collects much more from ads placed on Apple devices than from ads on Android devices. A recent analysis by Goldman Sachs estimated that Google collected about $11.8 billion on mobile search ads in 2014, with about 75% coming from ads on iPhone and iPods. 

Apple has been rewarded well for the dependency as Morgan Stanley estimates that Google paid Apple over $1 billion annually for the privilege of being the default search engine in Apple s Safari browser in 2013. When Safari was first introduced in 2003, Google was its default search engine. After the expiry of a search deal between Apple and Google in 2015, Apple now offers a choice of search engine on Safari.

Microsoft Corporation

The rivalry between Apple and Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) came to fame through the film,  Pirates of Silicon Valley  released in 1999. The movie based on the book  Fire in the Valley: The Making of The Personal Computer  starred Noah Wyle as Steve Jobs and Anthony Michael Hall as Bill Gates. The rivalry between the two lasted 30 years, but things seem to be turning otherwise.

Microsoft was a surprise guest at the Apple s September 2015 event in San Francisco where Apple's Phil Schiller invited Microsoft s Kirk Koenigsbauer to the stage to discuss Microsoft Office for the iPad Pro.  Apple and Microsoft still compete, but we can partner on more things than we compete on. And that s what customers want  in the words of Tim Cook, CEO, Apple, Inc.

Final Word

Tim Cook, CEO, Apple, Inc. says  Companies want to partner with other companies that are part of an ecosystem, not on an island by themselves. The island days are gone.  While this is true, and companies are open to more collaboration than they were previously, another truth remains - there is no business without competition. 
2016-06-30
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Here's Why You Should Go Long on the Stock Published By: Ken Bock on June 30, 2016 08:30 am EST

Google, subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), has been among the top blue chip stocks lately covered by analysts. A lot of optimism exists with regard to the future outlook of the company and it is expected to trade at a 4-digit stock price in the coming times. Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak suggests that the recent Brexit wave will not have much impact on the company s revenues, and that the outlook still remains positive.

Moreover, the team of analysts at Morgan Stanley said that there is not much for investors to worry about as the company s innovative capabilities are intact and its search business will grow in the coming times. Moreover, monetization of Google Maps would also add $1.5 to the company s top line. However, a few things such as traffic acquisition costs have gone up significantly in the recent quarter. The equity research firm maintains a Buy rating for the search giant, with an Overweight rating and an indicative price target of $865, which reflects 24.42% upside potential over the last closing price.

Analysts at Axiom securities have also given an Outperform rating and a $1000 price target for the stock, hinting that the stock has the potential to yield over 40% returns over the next 12 months. While such optimism exists among various analysts, we also noticed that Google is a good buy in terms of technical indicators.

Google currently stands at a very low RSI of 39.13, which indicates that it is in a lucrative position for the bulls. Moreover, other indicators such as MACD and Stochastic RSI also suggest bull-friendly conditions. The charts, however, suggest that the bears have been dominant lately, but they might lose momentum going forward.

The first test for Google in today s session will be at $698.9 level. However, looking at the after-market trade, we are convinced that the bulls will be able to break and head to the next level of $702.61, followed by $709.43. Immediate support resides at $692.08, as well as at the $688.97 and $682.15 levels. However, we do not expect the bears to be powerful. Alphabet shares were up 0.37% at $697.75 as of 7:13 AM EDT today. Alphabet Inc's Android N Revealed as Android Nougat Published By: Ken Bock on June 30, 2016 01:38 pm EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has today revealed that the latest version of Android, Android N, which will now be called Android Nougat. The announcement was made via Snapchat after Google invited users from around the world to initially vote on their favorite delicious treats, and also later invited them at Google I/O 2016 to send in their suggestions for naming Android N. Android Nougat is the latest version of Google s mobile OS to be named after a dessert, after initial rumors even pointed towards a non-sweet treat being considered for this year s Android.

Two of the biggest contenders for Android N were Nutella and Nan Khatai; the former being the popular people s choice and the latter being a sweet delight from Google CEO Sundar Pichayi s native India. A trolling job was also undertaken, and quite successfully by a Google executive when it comes to Nutella as a possible name for Android N. Google s Vice President for Android, Chrome OS, and Google OS, Hiroshi Lockheimer, tweeted and shared multiple hints that pointed towards Nutella being at least a serious contender for the name, if not the dead-on favorite.

Now that it has been confirmed that Android N will be called Android Nougat, it seems Mr. Lockheimer knew that he was leading the users on a goose chase, and dare we say it, he made a right show of it. Some of the biggest features coming to Android Nougat are; redesigned notifications panel, split-screen for multitasking, and Google s native virtual reality project Daydream. Google names next Android version as Android Nougat- Tweet  
2016-09-13
3 Big Stock Charts for Tuesday: Alphabet Inc (GOOG), Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Gap ... It s another morning where futures were down more than half a percent before the open. As we said yesterday, the signs that the professionals are getting ready for a bumpy ride are out there. For instance, call options on the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) became very active last week, a sign that the pros are hedging their portfolios.

Here, we re using the volatility to look for stocks that we can either trade puts on or just get out of our portfolio to avoid any further pain. The following charts show signs that the bears are in charge of the tape: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ), Gap Inc (NYSE: GPS ) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ).

Apple Inc. (AAPL)

Two things are in play for AAPL stock. First, last week s product announcement, which, as usual, left the crowd a little disappointed. As is often the case, we are seeing some  sell on the news  activity from Apple shares after the lackluster event, but the charts are also playing to the bear s favor.

AAPL stock broke out of its Bollinger Bands on Friday with a break of the lower band. The shares stayed outside of that band even with the rally yesterday. History tells us that the downside volatility argument for Apple stock just became a reality, as we should see an increase in volume selling from here.

In addition, AAPL shares are breaking through their 50- and 200-day moving averages within two days of each other. Technicians hate to see these trendlines give way and will increase their selling pressure on the stock as a result.

The shares are slightly oversold right now, but a target of $96 is likely before the technical traders start to come in as buyers.

Gap Inc (GPS)

Retailers have been the most popular target for the  buy the rumor, sell the news  with earnings this quarter. Gap is the latest victim of the trend. After beating earnings two weeks ago, GPS stock rallied more than 10% only to give that plus another 5% to the sellers since rolling over on Aug 22.

This week, GPS stock is trading back below its 50- and 200-day moving averages because of the selling, which is renewing the selling interest among technical traders.

Gap shares have not broken their Volatility bands, so the selloff has been fairly orderly, but momentum (as measured by the moving average convergence divergence) is turning decidedly negative again. This suggests that there is a migration of money moving out of GPS shares, along with other large retainers.

Gap shares have another 9% to go before they hit our chart s support levels at $22.

Alphabet Inc (GOOG)

Another tech giant that is seeing a swing lower in its price is Alphabet. Most people might say GOOG shares have led the market higher, but they d be surprised to see that they are only 1.3% higher for the year. Like the rest of the market, Alphabet stock has been stuck in a range   the problem is that its range extends all the way back to December 2015.

GOOG shares recently touched-up on the top of that range, as they crested at $780 per share, and now the technical traders are switching their trading postures to pocket gains and wait to buy again at lower prices.

Monday s trading activity took Alphabet shares to their 50-day moving average, where they found support. We re likely to see a retest of this level during Tuesday s trading. A break below the 50-day moving average will increase selling pressure immediately. For those at home, the 50-day moving average is currently at $755.

We re also monitoring the MACD for GOOG shares, which is creeping towards negative territory. This would be indicative of momentum being handed from the buyers to the sellers, resulting in more selling pressure over the next few weeks.

According to the chart, the next level of support should kick in around $740; however, any increase in market volatility will likely have Alphabet shares targeting a move to $700 again before they are considered a solid technical buy.

As of this writing, Johnson Research Group did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) Collaborate With Israeli ... The Israeli government has called upon Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to remove social media content that the government claims is a catalyst for Palestinian violence.

Facebook and Alphabet are both collaborating with the requests and are working on removing any content that may be deemed to have an influence on Palestinian violence. The social media content includes anything on the Facebook social platform or the YouTube video platform. The collaboration might have something to do with the Israeli Justice Minister s threat to open prosecution against companies for any content that encourages violence.

 Our main aim is for those companies to do their own monitoring of material containing incitement,  stated Ayelet Shaked after attending a meeting with officials from Facebook.

Shaked stated that the rate of compliance from the companies has been higher over the past year courtesy of the threat of legal action. The Israeli government claims that it has constantly called on the social media company to carry out more stringent monitoring and control over the content posted on the platform. Israel brought up numerous ethical and legal issues as to whether these companies should be held accountable for the content posted on the networks.

 The world now understands that (social) networks serve as a greenhouse for terrorists,  said Shaked in a speech she presented over the matter.

Shaked also pointed out that terrorist organizations such as ISIS have been using social networks to spread propaganda, fear, and negativity. She was speaking during an international counter-terrorism conference held near Tel Aviv. Facebook is yet to reveal its conclusion on the matter though a spokeswoman from the giant stated that the company has always been quick to take down content that incites violence.

Israeli interior minister Gilad Erdan together with Shaked proposed legislation seeking to force social media companies to eliminate any content that is considered to encourage vioelnce. There is also a different bill presented by the opposition and it seeks to introduce fines against these companies.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google is Going Directly After Amazon, Aggressively Scaling Its Express ... After testing its new delivery service for the past six months, Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) is now rolling out a streamlined system to 20 U.S. metro areas, putting it in direct competition with Amazon.com, Inc. ( NASDAQ:AMZN ).

The parent company of Google will nix delivery of perishable foods like bread, milk, and eggs, which it was testing in its initial pilot program since February in San Francisco and Los Angeles. Instead, it will step up its offerings of non-perishables like canned goods, condiments, spices, and other items that aren t in danger of spoiling.

More importantly, it s rolling out its Shopping Express business to 20 U.S. metro areas. General manager Brian Elliott said recently:

 We ve been testing a lot of different things, figuring what works, and how it works,  Elliott says.  And now we re really, dramatically scaling the business.     We made the hard decision to focus on dry good groceries and having that be national,  Elliott says.  For now, we re not gonna sweat the milk, and eggs, and ice cream side of it. 

Unlike Amazon, Google doesn t warehouse items itself. Instead, it s signed up at least 50 well-known merchants for its delivery service, including Target, Walgreens, Whole Foods, Costco, PetSmart, and more.

The logistics play will likely include dropping a lot of its own branded delivery vans. Google is partnering with third party delivery services like OnTrac and Dynamex to handle the increased delivery load. It remains to be seen whether Google will keep its own fleet of vehicles, or simply leverage third parties from now on.

 In a year from now, what we want is for this not only to be nationally present, but something that people see as a big part of their everyday lives,  Elliott says.  We want to go from 50 merchants to hundreds of merchants. 

And that puts Google now directly in competition with Amazon s Prime Fresh service.

Alphabet shares fell $8.24 (-1.03%) to $790.58 in Tuesday morning trading. Year-to-date, GOOGL has gained 1.61%, versus a 4.9% rise in the S&P 500 during the same period.

Meanwhile, Amazon shares are also off more than 1% to $762.62 this morning. AMZN shares have fared much better than Google this year, gaining nearly 13% since the start of 2016. 
2016-10-19
WSJ: Google 'Unplugged' TV service to target cost-conscious viewers  
2016-03-08
Why Alphabet Inc's Google "Hands Free" Payments Will Flop Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google recently launched the pilot program for its "Hands Free" payment system in certain stores across the San Francisco Bay Area. The company originally teased the program at its I/O conference last May.

To use the system, users must install the Hands Free app for Android and iOS, where their photos and credit/debit card information are collected. While visiting a Hands Free-enabled business, users' apps will sync with a point of sale system over Bluetooth LE or Wi-Fi. When they need to pay, they simply tell the cashier that they want to "pay with Google." The cashier verifies their identities through the photos in the POS system, then reads their first and last initials to complete the transaction.

While the system sounds innovative, I think it's too far-fetched to achieve adoption among mainstream retailers. Let's take a look back at Google's previous missteps in mobile payments, and why Hands Free payments will likely be another flop.

A brief history of Google's payment platforms

Google launched Google Wallet back in 2011, but major U.S. carriers blocked the service across most of their devices to protect the development of their own payments system, Softcard. Several major banks also refused to work with Google, since the search giant wanted to mine customers' purchase records and personal information.

Google eventually circumvented the carrier block which held Google Wallet back, but the mobile wallet still failed to compete effectively against established players like PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL). Last year, Google acquired Softcard's NFC (near field communications) tech and signed a distribution deal with the carriers to pre-install Google Wallet on their phones. To compete against Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Pay, which uses NFC chips for simpler "tap and pay" solutions, Google introduced its own NFC-based payments platform, Android Pay.

Is Google taking a step backwards?

Focusing on NFC payments was a smart move, because many retailers already use NFC terminals to process payments from NFC credit cards. Those retailers didn't have to buy new equipment, like Bluetooth beacons, just to process mobile payments. Even PayPal, a major backer of Bluetooth beacon payments, recently announced that it would add NFC support for Android customers in the second quarter of 2016.

But with Hands Free, Google is again exploring the idea of using Bluetooth and Wi-Fi connections to process payments. The reason is simple -- Google needs to gather and mine user data to make money from ads. But the amount of data which can be gathered from an NFC payment is limited, since the information is encrypted (into a "virtual" account number on Android Pay and a one-time token on Apple Pay) and anonymized. However, if a user installs Hands Free and voluntarily connects the payment information to Google's ecosystem, Google will finally be able to access and mine a user's purchase history.

That's a clever idea, but it's also deeply flawed. If retailers weren't willing to install Bluetooth beacons for PayPal, it's highly doubtful that they'll install beacons or overhaul their POS systems for Google. According to Engadget, Google has also considered asking retailers to install cameras which run facial recognition software on customers -- an idea which could raise serious privacy concerns.

Why Google can't keep pace with Apple

On the surface, Google's Android Pay seems to be keeping pace with Apple Pay, since both apps are accepted on NFC terminals. However, Google is falling behind in two key areas.

First, Google failed to secure the sweetheart deals which let Apple collect $0.15 for every $100 in processed payments from banks and payment networks. That's because major credit card companies started blocking payment services from charging card providers shortly after signing with Apple. As a result, Google can't charge card providers for using Android Pay. Second, Google only recently announced that it would take its first step overseas by entering the U.K. in late March. Apple already launched Apple Pay in the EU and China last quarter.

Lastly, Apple's introduction of Apple Pay has been smoother since it directly controls its hardware and software. Google, however, faces lots of hardware resistance because its top OEM Samsung has launched its own payments platform, Samsung Pay. If Samsung Pay succeeds, Google-powered payment solutions could become a lot less relevant.

Ignore the Silicon Valley silliness

Google hasn't announced plans for expanding Hands Free payments beyond the Bay Area, but I doubt that they'll gain much mainstream traction. The reason is simple -- customers who are still getting used to "tap and pay" mobile payments won't be eager to jump toward "say and pay" ones.

Only 20% of iPhone 6 owners used Apple Pay at least once last December, according to a recent survey by First Annapolis, suggesting that Silicon Valley is much more excited about mobile payment platforms than the general public. Expecting consumers to pay "hands free" is merely a doomed extension of that enthusiasm, which merely exposes how desperately Google wants to mine data from mobile payments. Insider Selling Alert: Facebook Inc (FB), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Published By: Angela Campbell on March 8, 2016 08:36 am EST

The Country Caller highlights Facebook Inc. s and Alphabet Inc. s insider selling report. The particulars of each transaction are as follows:

Facebook Inc.

Chief Operating Officer Sherly K. Sandberg unloaded 109,000 shares, (2.12% of her immediate ownership in the company) a total of $11,905,738 in multiple transactions on March 3. Following this, she had a leftover direct stake of 5,034,296 shares worth $532,276,116.

All of the 334 transactions   worth a combined total of $1,510,377,225   that Facebook Inc. saw insiders make during the last 12 months were sells.

Alphabet Inc.

President Sergey Brin sold 16,666 shares, (18.28% of his immediate ownership in the company) a total of $12,210,799 in multiple transactions on March 3. Following this, he had a leftover direct stake of 74,500 shares worth $53,103,600. Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Cuts Nexus 5X Price to $199 As Galaxy S7 Nears Global ... Published By: Angela Campbell on March 8, 2016 02:45 pm EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) has effectively cut the price of the Nexus 5X to an alarmingly low $199 for subscribers of its Project Fi network; alarmingly close to the global release of the Galaxy S7 and Galaxy S7 Edge on March 11, less than a week away.

While consumers will be delighted to grab an impressive phone with an even better spec sheet at a price that is sure to create downward pricing pressure on Samsung s next flagship duo even before they release, it might cause an issue for the latter s somewhat fragile Android partnership with Google.

Samsung has attempted time and again to break out of Google s ecosystem. It does so by running its own App store and attempting to push its own Tizen ecosystem time and again; it is currently attempting to push this via wearables, including its Gear line up.

While Google s ambitions might supersede Samsung s product launches, one cannot deny that the Korean electronics giant is an important, if not the most important, stakeholder in the Google Ecosystem in terms of hardware every year. The fact that LG currently manufactures the Nexus 5X and is rapidly becoming a competitor to Samsung which is already seeing pressure exerted by Apple towards its top line is not going to make matters easier.

Google is passing as what is being seen as a heavy subsidy to its consumers in the US market by tying the phones down to Project Fi subscribers. With a monthly payment of as low as $20 for unlimited text and calling services, it might just up the ante on existing network giants such as Verizon and AT&T with the estimated subsidy of $150 based on its current Recommended Retail Price (RRP) of $350. With mid-high tier smartphone specifications as well as the Nexus badge to boot, this could significantly further erode Samsung s already declining smartphone market share over time in the US in the near future. 
2016-09-30
A year of Alphabet: Great for Google, less so for moonshots In this Monday, Feb. 1, 2016, file photo, electronic screens post the price of Alphabet stock at the Nasdaq MarketSite in New York. Google has been thriving since adopting Alphabet Inc. as its corporate parent in 2015, underscoring how much the company still depends on digital advertising despite spending heavily on quirky projects in search of another technological jackpot. The performance serves as a reminder of the challenge facing Alphabet as it tries to become something more than a one-trick pony and build an innovation factory. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan, File) Reorganizing itself under the umbrella company Alphabet has done wonders for Google but less so for a grab bag of eclectic projects ranging from robotic cars to internet-beaming balloons, which are suffering costly growing pains.

A year after Alphabet took shape, Google's revenue growth has accelerated an unusual development for a company of its size. That success, however, also underscores Alphabet's dependence on the fickle business of placing digital ads in core Google products like search, Gmail and YouTube video. As a result, it remains vulnerable to swings in marketing budgets and stiffening competition from another equally ambitious rival, Facebook.

Alphabet was supposed to speed the process of turning offshoot businesses into new technological jackpots. CEO Larry Page predicted that separating these smaller "moonshots" from the massive search-and-advertising business would spur innovation by fostering a more entrepreneurial atmosphere.

That hasn't happened during Alphabet's first year.

MAKING THE SHIFT

Until Page and fellow Google co-founder Sergey Brin created Alphabet (which turns 1 on Sunday), investors complained that Google was spending too much on high-risk efforts. New Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat, who joined Google in mid-2015, responded by reining in expenses to keep them more in line with revenue growth.

A few months later, Page announced the plan to draw a dividing line between Google and the far-flung forays Alphabet now refers to as "Other Bets." The mishmash includes smart-thermostat maker Nest; the Fiber project, a high-speed internet service; and X lab, where the company is building robotic cars and designing the stratospheric balloons designed to beam internet service to remote areas.

Other "Other Bets" include the biotech firm Verily and medical-research firm Calico, which has been studying ways to stop aging. Alphabet also runs funds investing in startups and mid-sized companies.

Page argued that fencing off Other Bets would make Google "even better through greater focus."

CORE SUCCESSES

That part of Page's vision appears to be panning out. After subtracting ad commissions, Alphabet's second-quarter revenue jumped 22 percent from the previous year to $17.5 billion. It was the best performance in four years, adjusted for changes in currency exchange rates, says RBC analyst Mark Mahaney. Alphabet shares rose 25 percent over the past year, easily outpacing major market indexes.

"Folks will be hard pressed to say that Alphabet hasn't been a success," S&P Global Market Intelligence analyst Scott Kessler says.

In this Nov. 2, 2015, file photo, Alphabet CEO Larry Page speaks at the Fortune Global Forum in San Francisco. Google has been thriving since adopting Alphabet Inc. as its corporate parent in 2015, underscoring how much the company still depends on digital advertising despite spending heavily on quirky projects in search of another technological jackpot. Page predicted that separating the smaller operations from the massive search-and-advertising business would spur innovation by fostering a more entrepreneurial atmosphere. But that hasn't happened in Alphabet's first year. (AP Photo/Jeff Chiu, File)

Alphabet Inc. declined to comment on its first-year performance. But Sundar Pichai, who became Google's CEO in the restructuring, told investors in July, "There is an amazing energy right now."

Among other things, Google has been making strides in the still-nascent field of artificial intelligence, hoping to create more convenient services that attract even more eyeballs for its advertisers.

STALLED BETS

But the demand for financial discipline and accountability appears to have taken a toll on Other Bets, which lose billions of dollars a year. Key leaders have defected from Alphabet's high-profile self-driving car project and its Nest line of internet-connected devices. Alphabet also has scaled back plans to expand its Fiber service to dozens of U.S. cities.

Creating a holding company also was supposed to make it easier to diversify through major acquisitions. But Alphabet's biggest deal so far has been the $625 million purchase of a business software maker, Apigee Corp., which had annual revenue of just $92 million.

Alphabet could make a much bigger splash if buys Twitter, as recent reports say it is considering. Twitter would give Alphabet a popular publishing outlet to monitor trends, mine data and sell even more ads. Alphabet declined to discuss whether it's mulling a bid, which would be expensive; Twitter might fetch between $20 and $30 billion, despite its problems with user growth and online harassment.

LOOKING BEYOND

Google is doing so well that investors aren't fixating on the losses with Other Bets, Kessler says.

Only three Bets Nest, Fiber and Verily are generating even a smidgen of revenue. In nine months, the Other Bets companies have lost a combined $2.6 billion on revenue of $410 million. Another big loss is expected in the July-September quarter; the company reports results on Oct. 27.

BGC analyst Colin Gillis still sees the gamble as prudent and expects at least one of the projects will come up with a breakthrough that lessens Alphabet's dependence on Google.

Optimism is fine as Google keeps growing at a robust rate. But Wall Street will likely ratchet up the pressure if the company falters and nothing emerges from Other Bets to help pick up the slack.

Explore further: Alphabet/Google profit jumps 43% to $4.9 bn Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Smartwatch Update Pushed Back To 2017 The Google Smartwatch update will not be present this year following an announcement made by Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) on Thursday.

The Google smartwatch update was expected to reveal the Android Wear 2.0 but the announcement from Alphabet subsidiary Google means it has been pushed back to early 2017. However, the actual date of the launch is yet to be confirmed. The Android Wear 2 was first announced at the Google I/O conference that was held in May, meaning the launch was expected to happen a few months later, particularly this fall. However, Google has changed the timeline meaning users will not get their hands on an update until next year.

 We have decided to continue the preview program into early 2017, at which point the first watches will receive Android Wear 2.0,  revealed Google in a blogpost.

What the Google smartwatch update is expected to offer

The Google smartwatch update is expected to reveal standalone apps that do not require the user to pair his/her phone for optimum function. The Android Wear 2.0 is also expected to focus fitness and as a result there will new tracking features on board as well as an onscreen keyboard.

The impact of the delay especially with regards to the competition

Despite the announcement that the Google smartwatch update will be delayed, the company did not reveal any reasons for the decision. However, there are a few implications of pushing back the launch. The company will not get an opportunity to take advantage of this year s holiday season. It also gives the competition a chance to maintain their dominance.

It is speculated that Google may have decided to delay the launch so that it can work on a few extra tweaks to make the final product more appealing. It has been a slow start for Android Wear and hopefully the delayed Google smartwatch update will provide some positive momentum once it is launched.

Alphabet stock closed the latest trading session at $802.64 down by $7.42 or 0.92% compared to the performance in the previous trading session. The stock had a trading volume of 1.35 million shares.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Rebrands Cloud To Include Smarter Collaborative Features Published By: Ken Bock on September 30, 2016 09:07 am EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) rebranded its cloud business to add more artificial intelligence services. It renamed its business-to-business cloud computing services and announced the rebranded version on Thursday, September 29. Under this new brand, it included enterprise applications that feature enhanced artificial intelligence. This comes in as its latest move to compete with cloud computing services provided by rivals, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). As a result, its shares went slightly up by 0.1% in the market. However, they have been increasing 3.16% in the market since the beginning of the year, showing their potential to rise further.

The Senior Vice President of enterprise business, Diane Greene stated that she has seen some major improvements in its technology. Due to this, it has been able to establish a good name amongst its consumers, further expanding to include new customers. In this regard, cloud could be considered as one of the examples of its improvements in technology. According to her, the cloud services use remote internet servers to manage, save, and process data. It offers a wide variety of services including email, word processing, hosting data, and other resources for the new developers. The new name is considered to be replacement for Google for Work brand.

Diana Greene commented,  We are closing the gap incredibly fast.  This has enabled it to gain market share, although still lacking slight behind the above-mentioned rivals. She thinks that the 33% increase in its revenues generated by other bets could be attributed to its expanding cloud services. Due to this importance, Green has appointed new leadership for the cloud business of this Mountain View-based organization. She also streamlined its engineering, resulting in improved sales.

In addition, the $541.48 billion business is also working on further expanding its cloud footprints. For this purpose, it acquired Apigee Corp (NASDAQ:APIC) earlier in September for $625 million. Moreover, it is also working closely with Accenture Plc (NYSE:ACN) to further develop its cloud services for its customers in big industries such as finance, healthcare, and retail. It has also announced to add more artificial intelligence features to its application to help employees in increasing their efficiency. They can use machine learning to better organize their day which can result in high productivity.

Not only this though, as the tech giant also added a US-based data center in Oregon. This was done to increase the speed of delivering the services to its customers. It plans on opening more such data centers in big places such as Singapore, Virginia, Mumbai, Sydney, London, Sao Paulo, Frankfurt, and Finland. As a result of these activities, the investors continue to side with the bulls when it comes to the search engine business. Also, Google has received 38 Buy, three Overweight, and four Hold ratings from FactSet Fundamentals. The confidence of investors is further boosted by its mean target price of $936.37, as it exhibits its upside potential of 16.66% over the last closing price of $802.64. 
2016-01-05
3 Ways Facebook Inc. Could Hurt Alphabet Inc. in 2016 Over the past few years, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) has evolved into one of Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) most dangerous rivals. Facebook is currently the second most popular website in the world after Alphabet's Google, according to site tracker Alexa, with over a billion daily active users. That massive user base is helping Facebook expand its ecosystem deep into Google's backyard.

Over the past 12 months, investors have aggressively bought both stocks. Facebook shares have rallied 30% while Alphabet's shares are up more than 40%. But looking ahead into 2016, Facebook's weed-like growth could throttle Alphabet's long-term expansion plans. Let's take a closer look at three main ways Facebook could hurt Alphabet -- social media dominance, monolithic messaging, and video streaming.

Social media dominance

Google is the world's top search engine, but every attempt to tether those users into a social network has failed. Last year, Stone Temple Consulting estimated that only 10% of Google accounts, or about 250 million users, have ever publicly posted anything on Google+. Within that total, pseudonymous tech blogger Edward Morbius suggested that just four to six million users can actually be considered "active."

Google neither confirmed nor countered those figures, but the split between Stream and Photos in March and a soft reboot of Google+ in November suggests that it's struggling.Instead of competing head-to-head with Facebook, the "new" Google+ imitates features from Reddit and Pinterest with Communities and Collections, but it could be tough to tear users away from those deeply entrenched social sites.

Facebook finished last quarter with 1.55 billion monthly active users. To diversify the appeal of its social empire, it added Twitter-like features like hashtags, live streaming video, and curated moments. It also introduced "Facebook at Work" to challenge LinkedIn and tested ephemeral messages to counter Snapchat. Meanwhile, Facebook's Instagram has evolved into a stand-alone beast with 400 million active users as of last September. The more time users spend on Facebook and Instagram, the less time they'll spend within Google's ecosystem. This paradigm shift could throttle the amount of data Google mines and undermine the effectiveness of its targeted ads.

Monolithic messaging

Facebook has two messaging apps -- WhatsApp, which has 900 million active users, and Messenger, which has over 700 million. WhatsApp is ideal for no-frills messaging, while Messenger serves as a foundation for add-on services. Facebook has already added apps, games, customer relationship tools for businesses, mobile payment options, and Uber integration to Messenger. These features can help Messenger become a monolithic "all in one" app like Tencent's WeChat and Naver's LINE -- which are both wildly popular across Asia.

For example, the booming O2O (online to offline) market in China -- which funnels games, e-commerce sites, taxi services, and other services into single chat apps like WeChat -- grew nearly 43% annually in 2014, according to iResearch. Facebook Messenger could similarly pull other apps into its orbit worldwide, which would cut Google out of the mobile loop.

Google previously launched mobile messaging apps like Google Talk, Google Voice, Google Hangouts, and Messenger. Each of these apps integrated SMS and MMS messages with online chat, but none of them evolved as quickly as Facebook Messenger toward becoming a monolithic O2O platform. Unless Google can "bolt on" as many services and accumulate as many active users to its Messaging app, it could be squeezed out of the lucrative "messaging as a platform" market.

Streaming video and virtual reality

Alphabet's YouTube remains the largest video streaming site in the world with over a billion users, but Facebook has been gaining ground. Research firm comScore estimates that Facebook delivered more U.S. desktop video views in 2014, while Ampere Analysis believes that Facebook delivered two-thirds as many video views across all platforms as YouTube in 2015. If Facebook's video views match or overtake YouTube's in 2016, its video ads could become much more valuable to marketers.

To bolster its strength in video, Facebook encouraged users to embed videos on third-party sites, split ad revenues with content creators, let celebrity users stream Periscope-like videos, tested a dedicated video channel, and unveiled 360-degree videos similar to YouTube's 360 videos.

These 360-degree videos could complement Facebook's launch of the Oculus Rift VR headset later this year. If the Rift proves popular, Facebook could establish a VR hardware base to test other "virtual presence" experiences like remote learning, telehealth, and live events across its social network. That growth could help Facebook pull ahead of Alphabet in the fledgling VR market, which tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital estimates will grow from nearly nothing today to $30 billion by 2020.

The battle is just beginning

Facebook can hurt Alphabet in several ways, but Alphabet still has plenty of ways to fight back. Android Marshmallow can still mine data from individual apps with Google Now on Tap to counter Facebook's growth. Its subscription-based YouTube Red service might eventually make its videos more profitable than Facebook's. Nonetheless, Alphabet investors should carefully track Facebook's moves in the three aforementioned categories throughout the coming year. Gene-Editing Drugmaker Backed by Google, Gates Files for IPO Editas Medicine Inc., the drugmaker whose backers include Bill Gates and Google Ventures, filed to become the first publicly traded company to specialize in a new technology to edit flaws in genes.

The company, which uses a gene-editing technique called Crispr, filed Monday for the IPO with an initial size of $100 million. That s a placeholder amount used to calculate fees and will probably change.

Gene-editing startups have drawn more than $1 billion in private venture-capital investments since 2013, according to Boston Consulting Group, with investors hopeful that new, more precise DNA-editing capabilities will yield treatments for conditions as diverse as blood diseases, cancers, auto-immune disorders and inherited eye disorders.

Cambridge, Massachusetts-based Editas has raised $163.3 million from selling preferred stock, its filing said. Venture capital firms Flagship Ventures and Polaris Partners each hold more than 15 percent of the company before the offering. Google Ventures -- the unit of Alphabet Inc. that goes by GV for short -- has also bought private shares, along with Gates and Khosla Ventures.

Rodger Novak, chief executive officer of Basel, Switzerland-based Crispr Therapeutics Ltd., has said he would consider an IPO this year. Both companies have said their first in-human trials won t start until 2017. Other closely-held gene editing firms include Intellia Therapeutics Inc. and Poseida Therapeutics Inc. Bayer AG and Crispr Therapeutics also started a joint venture in December with a $335 million investment from Bayer.

Editas intends to use about $15 million to $20 million of the proceeds for preclinical studies and clinical trials of its lead program in Leber congenital amaurosis, an inherited form of progressive blindness, according to the filing. As much as $22 million of the net proceeds will be used for preclinical studies in the company s collaboration with Juno Therapeutics Inc., a developer of cancer therapies.

The company hasn t generated revenue from product sales and said it doesn t expect to "for the forseeable future." The company saw $837,000 in revenue from its collaboration with Juno and posted a net loss of $60.3 million in the first nine months of 2015.

New Wave

While biotech IPOs had slowed in the second half of 2015 -- no IPOs priced in December -- there may be a new wave to come this year. Alongside Editas, four other biotech companies also filed to go public on Monday. The timing coincides with JPMorgan Chase & Co. s health care conference this month, when industry folk and investors descend on San Francisco to hear company presentations.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Corvus Pharmaceuticals Inc., a cancer drugmaker, also filed its IPO prospectus Monday with a $115 million placeholder amount, according to a filing. Corvus was started by Richard Miller, former CEO of Pharmacyclics Inc., which was sold to AbbVie Inc. last year for $21 billion. Also filing on Monday were Audentes Therapeutics Inc. for an $86.3 million offering, Reata Pharmaceuticals Inc. for $80 million and Syndax Pharmaceuticals Inc. for $86.3 million.

Health software company Tabula Rasa HealthCare Inc. also filed Monday with a placeholder of $115 million.

Editas plans to list on the Nasdaq under the ticker "EDIT." Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan are leading the offering. 
2016-08-23
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) to Remove Chrome applications from Mac, Linux, Windows Published By: Patrick Arruda on August 23, 2016 11:48 am EST

Three years ago, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) released its Chrome applications. Now, it has recently stated that it will remove these apps from Mac, Linux, and Windows by the beginning of 2018.

Google released these applications in 2013 and introduced different components which were not available on the web before. Chrome program applications gave the makers one application which would work on Mac, Linux, and Windows platforms.

The applications are divided into two categories: hosted applications and packaged applications. The first ones are web applications which can be installed, while the latter are common applications like the ones which can be found on the Google Play Store or the Apple Store.

The eliminating period gives developers 18 months to remove their applications from the Chrome program. This is not a problem for hosted applications because their activities are mostly done on the web. Clients will be able to use them only through the web after the changes roll out.

However, something new will have to be designed for packaged applications. Google has suggested a variety of different options, web applications, essential applications, and extensions. The company has also told developers to make use of technologies like Electron or NW.js.

Google took this decision because over the past year technology has progressed to a great extent and a lot of Google applications are available on the web now. And so, only about a very small number of Windows, Mac, and Linux users continue to use Chrome s packaged applications.

The closure will be continuous. Only Chrome OS users would be able to access new Chrome applications, while old Chrome applications will remain available on all platforms. By mid-2017, however, users will not be able to download Chrome applications from the Chrome Web Store. Also, Chrome applications won t work on Linux, Mac, and Windows by the time 2018 begins. Project Loon is Latest Google Research Project to Get a New Business Leader Project Loon, Google's high-profile effort to put broadband-emitting balloons into the stratosphere over remote parts of the world, is getting a new leader with practical industry experience.

X, the research division of Google parent company Alphabet Inc., said Tuesday it hired Tom Moore, co-founder of satellite-based broadband service provider WildBlue Communications Inc. He starts as a vice president at X and general manager of Project Loon in mid-September.

Mike Cassidy, a well-known Silicon Valley entrepreneur who has run Loon since early 2012, will remain at the company's X lab to develop new research projects.

The balloon effort at Google has been one of the few to show continued progress inside X, the research lab responsible for the poorly reviewed internet-connected spectacles, Glass, and Google's driverless car division, which has recently suffered from the departure of several leaders.

X has been testing its balloons around the world since 2013, partnering with wireless operators like Vodafone NZ in New Zealand, Telstra in Australia and Telefonica in South America to provide internet access in rural and mountainous areas that aren't served by traditional terrestrial networks.

The move to bring in an industry veteran with commercial experience mirrors other efforts at Alphabet to turn ambitious, risky research projects into profitable businesses. Last year, the company hired John Krafcik, the former head of Hyundai Motor America, to lead its car project into that next stage. Verily, a health care research project, has signed commercial partnership deals with big companies in that industry. Google Fiber, which spent years burying high-speed fiber-optic internet cables beneath Kansas City and other U.S. cities, recently shifted to deploy its service with cheaper wireless technology.

"Tom s valuable industry experience will help launch us into the commercial stage," Astro Teller, head of X, said in a statement. "We re looking forward to working with telcos around the world to integrate Loon with their networks."

Moore co-founded WildBlue in 1998 to use satellites to serve consumers and small businesses without access to land-based internet services. In 2009, it was acquired by satellite communications provider ViaSat Inc., where Moore has since worked as a senior vice president overseeing consumer, enterprise and mobility businesses as well as mergers and acquisitions and strategic initiatives.

That business experience will be needed at Loon, which faces big challenges. Providing internet connectivity to rural and developing markets may mean fewer customers, or customers with less money to spend on such services. And wireless carriers were initially cautious about working with Loon because they saw it as a potential rival.

Moore was traveling and could not be reached for comment. In a statement, he said, "Billions of people still lack affordable, reliable access to the educational, cultural, and economic opportunities of the Internet, largely due to the costs and challenges of connecting rural and remote parts of the globe. The world needs fresh approaches like Project Loon, which can help overcome terrestrial obstacles like mountains and jungles, and has made far more progress than anyone would have expected. 

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

X said Tuesday that its balloons have traveled more than 17 million kilometers, with many staying airborne for more than 100 days. Software developed by Loon guides the balloons into favorable winds, which allows them to remain over land for longer and transmit broadband internet access directly to mobile phone handsets below. A test site in Puerto Rico is capable of launching a balloon every 30 minutes, it added.

An X spokeswoman declined to say when Alphabet might begin offering balloon-based internet service but said it is currently in discussions with telecommunications companies. Last year, Loon signed a deal to test its internet-beaming balloons with Indonesia's three largest wireless carriers. The X spokeswoman said those tests have not started yet, but the parties still plan to pursue them. 
2016-03-14
The Threat to Alphabet's Share Price Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL), owner of the huge Google search engine business, has had a tremendous share price run this year. Trading at $726, it is up from a 52-week low of $515, and it has a market cap of $500 billion. The company has only one Achilles heel, which is its original business.

Conversations about search have been lost in those about self-driving cars, the rising advertising revenue of YouTube, the Android operating system, Gmail, Maps and Google s TV products. None of these has much bearing on the health of the company, at least financially.

Last year, Alphabet s revenue was $21.4 billion. Of that, $19.1 billion was from Google s core ad business. Granted, Google search results did include non-search activity, according to the company s management:

 Our very strong revenue growth in Q4 reflects the vibrancy of our business, driven by mobile search as well as YouTube and programmatic advertising, all areas in which we ve been investing for many years. We re excited about the opportunities we have across Google and Other Bets to use technology to improve the lives of billions of people,  said Ruth Porat, CFO of Alphabet.



Much of Google s 2015 focus was devoted to its paid clicks and cost per click. This is where Google s success could fall apart. Aggregate paid clicks in the fourth quarter rose 31% from the year earlier quarter. However, aggregate cost per click fell 13%. The value of clicks, if it falls consistently, is a sign that Google s revenue metrics have softened.

Experts on advertising pricing have argued recently that the efficiency by which companies can reach their marketing targets on the Internet has risen. Sophisticated software products drive down the prices advertisers pay. Another theory is that Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB), which has added to its share in the national ad market, has taken some revenue from Google. And Facebook charges less for its advertising in some cases. The social network could hurt the search one.

Google also has taken a dominant position in mobile advertising. Most marketers pay less for mobile ads than they do for ones that run on personal computers.

As the recent stock market correction showed, tech company share prices are fragile. A modest piece of bad news can chop a market cap considerably. Google may have entered dozens of new businesses. To shareholders, it doesn t matter. 
2016-02-29
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), LinkedIn Corp (NYSE:LNKD) Reveal New Patents LinkedIn Corp (NYSE:LNKD) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) have unveiled their latest patents in the tech industry.

Click Here For More Market Exclusive Updates & Analysis

The two firms each revealed their patents, counted among the 6,746 patents that were issued this week by the US Patent office. LinkedIn s patent involves a new technique of pairing multiple devices. User devices have to be placed near each other and then the user can perform a simple gesture on the screen. The gesture should be repeated on multiple devices for the feature to work the way it was intended. When pairing is achieved, users can then go ahead and share data including business cards.

Google s patent involves the use of radar recognition to allow for better searches. The techniques listed in the patent allow the enhanced computer-aided searches to use physical information and information provided by radar signals. This allows final search results to be more efficient.

Say for example a user is watching TV and sees an exciting vehicle he or she wants to know more about. The user can just point a device at the TV and ask what type of vehicle that was, and should receive results about the vehicle. The radar field used in this patent may come from a smartphone or other devices that are nearby.

Another patent released by Google recently involves a humanoid robot that was made by Google s robotics division, Boston Dynamics.

Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) also filed a patent that is interestingly not related to motor vehicles. The patent is for a support system for bicycles that eliminates the need for riders to support themselves when on a standstill by putting their feet down. The support system allows the rider s feet to remain on the pedals even at stops.

Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) also received a patent for making custom surface reflections for 3D printed items. One of the flaws of 3D printing is that 3D printing cannot duplicate reflective properties. The technique allows the printing of a reflective outer surface.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Project SkyBender: Google's Secret Sauce To Conquer The World With nearly two-thirds of the world s population not having any internet connectivity yet, Google s revenues could rise meaningfully if the project becomes successful.

Alphabet-owned Google (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) is secretly testing millimeter wave (MMW) radio transmissions at Spaceport America in New Mexico using drones in its project SkyBender, The Guardian reported few weeks ago. Due to spectrum availability in this area, MMW technology is going to be the next big thing in the telecommunications industry. According to Frost & Sullivan:

The proliferation of smart devices and rising significance of interconnectivity is intensifying the demand for high-speed data connectivity, high-resolution data transfer, and cost-efficient data security; Millimeter wave (MMW) technology can address all of these demands.

Terminal at the Spaceport America

Google's Telecom Foray

The demand for broadband wireless communications, including next generation 5G wireless, will rise significantly based on the MMW technology over the next few years. Google's project SkyBender, however, isn't entirely aimed at addressing the demand. The primary objective of Google's telecom foray is expanding its core business, but more about this later.

In 2014 Google strengthened its telecom endeavor by purchasing Alpental, a startup developing MMW networking solutions and Titan Aerospace, another startup developing drones. The moot question is why MMW is assuming so much importance these days, and why Google has jumped on the MMW bandwagon?

Project SkyBender

MMW uses a band between 30GHz and 300GHz, commonly known as extremely high frequency (EHF). In project SkyBender Google is working with 28GHz band, just below the theoretical lower limit of EHF, which could emerge as a necessary band for land-based 5G networks. Google is using its solar-powered drones for connecting the ground from low-earth orbit.

The advantage of MMW transmissions is that they can transmit up to 40 times more data per second compared to today's 4G LTE systems. The problem is that millimeter waves decay rapidly because they are absorbed by the gases in the atmosphere. This phenomenon is known as atmospheric attenuation, due to which they have a much shorter range compared to today's 3G/4G mobile phone signals. Google is planning to use phased array antennas with directable beams for making the MMW radio links useable for 5G. The company's ultimate aim is delivering multi gigabit-speed internet connectivity throughout the world with the help of its high altitude self-flying aircraft, balloons and satellites.

Google's Initiative Will Redefine the Telecom Industry

Google's next round of growth will come via its high-speed internet connectivity venture. In addition to Google, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is also forging ahead with its initiative aimed at delivering broadband internet access from high altitude. As I said above, Google is doing all these for expanding its core business, i.e., generating advertising revenues from its free services, such as search, Gmail and YouTube. This business model revolves around data, and Google wants more control on how data will be handled in future.

If Google has control on data, its revenues will rise. In addition, it will be in a position to control the world because having control on data at an international level means controlling the world to an extent. If the search giant succeeds in delivering wireless internet connectivity from high altitude, the future of Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and AT&T (NYSE:T) could become uncertain. This is because Google will want to make sure that carriers have less control over what they would show via their networks. However, this will only happen if Google can dominate the telecom industry and ensure that the terms of business agreement with the carriers go in its favor.

Can Google Dominate the Telecom Industry?

It's not impossible, because Google will be the primary resource provider to the carriers. Here's an example. Google's Project Loon offers balloon-powered internet connectivity to many people in the world via partnering with local telecom operators. Google releases the solar-powered balloons in the stratosphere, nearly 20 km above the Earth's surface. Each balloon can provide internet connectivity to an area on the earth spreading nearly 40 km in diameter. Since Google owns the balloons that float in the stratosphere along with other technical equipments, local telecom operators don't have to incur huge operational costs. In such a situation, Google can obviously attract the terms of agreement with the telecom operators in its favor.

Conclusion

Nearly two-thirds of the world's population doesn't have any form of internet connectivity yet. If Google can deliver internet connectivity to these people, and control what would be shown via agreements with telecom operators, its revenues will grow significantly. Project SkyBender is an important step in that direction.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Selling A Company To Google - My Experience (Podcast)  
2016-10-11
Analysts Mixed on Internet Giants Twitter Inc (TWTR) and Alphabet Inc (GOOGL ... Analysts are chiming in on social media platform Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) and Google parent Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL). As investors deliberate the big merger and acquisition question weighing on everyone s minds regarding Twitter, one analyst remains neutral and shares insights as to why. Meanwhile, on Alphabet s end, a top analyst is bullish and boosts his price target ahead of third-quarter results. Let s take a closer look:

Twitter Inc

Twitter continues to make the rumor mill rumble amid a  particularly volatile period  as investors hash out the social media titan s prospects to be acquired- and if prospects are likely, when would a deal strike place?

Canaccord analyst Michael Graham joins the conversation, sidelined on where the company stands currently, but in regards to merger and acquisition  chatter,  he notes,  We still think a sale makes sense.  As such, the analyst reiterates a Hold rating on shares of TWTR with a $16 price target, which represents a nearly 9% downside from where the stock is currently trading.

 We will leave this banter to the media, although reiterate that we think the company would like to sell, and there should logically be interest. Meanwhile, we take a fresh look for any fundamental metrics we can monitor, and find them to be consistently modest. In particular, we believe TWTR is likely to have some MAU net adds in Q3, but possibly below our estimate. We can t imagine the takeover talk is good for Twitter s ad business (advertisers may grow increasingly wary), and neither is heightened competition from Snapchat and Facebook,  Graham concludes.

Though the analyst finds Thursday Night Football encouraging for TWTR, ultimately the company s current  most important initiative  wields too minimal of an impact to change Graham s overall thesis, particularly as competition from Facebook, Instagram, and Snapchat intensifies.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, five-star analyst Michael Graham is ranked #125 out of 4,184 analysts. Graham has a 58% success rate and garners 12.1% in his annual returns. When recommending TWTR, Graham loses 32.3% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics indicate TWTR as a Hold. Based on 33 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 5 rate a Buy on TWTR, 20 maintain a Hold, while 8 issue a Sell. The 12-month price target stands at $17.94, marking a 2% upside from where the shares last closed.

Alphabet Inc

Alphabet is anticipated to deliver third-quarter results October 27th. Ahead of earnings, Axiom top analyst Victor Anthony believes the tech titan s print will either mirror the Street s projections or  slightly  top estimates, based on  extensive  Google checks from iProspect, Merkel/RKG, IgnitionOne, Kenshoo, SMX Conference, and Advertising Week presentations. Additionally, Anthony has like-minded expectations for fourth-quarter.

Moreover, Anthony anticipates a  stronger  2017 thanks to Alphabet s ongoing search  innovations,  spend and pricing yielding a strong mobile search, and sustained  growth momentum  from YouTube. As such, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on GOOGL, while raising the price target from $990 to $1,000, which represents just under a 23% increase from where the shares last closed.

The analyst notes,  It is well understood that the Google segment is facing a tough comp due to the launch of the third search link on mobile in 3Q15.  Originally, Anthony was optimistic that Alphabet s expanded text ads (ETAs) could have positively impacted somewhat of an offset in the company s third-quarter to translate to a  more meaningful upside to estimates,  underscoring GOOGL s forecast of a 20% boost in click-through rates (CTRs).

 However, the launch has not gone as planned due to lower advertiser uptake. However, other ad expansions, such as the fourth link on both desktop and mobile, greater advertiser adoption of PLAs, and increasing local ad monetization, should help with a partial offset. In addition, mobile search monetization should help as well, as evidenced by takeaways from the SEMs, who reported increasing mobile spend and higher mobile CPCs. YouTube s growth momentum has continued and we expect strength from this asset to help with a partial offset to the tough Google Websites comp,  Anthony concludes.

The analyst projects net revenues of $17.925 billion with an 18.6% increase in year-over-year, as well as non-GAAP EPS of $8.65.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, top five-star analyst Victor Anthony has achieved a high ranking of #46 out of 4,184 analysts. Anthony upholds a 67% success rate and gains 14.5% in his yearly returns. When recommending GOOGL, Anthony earns 8.7% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 33 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 32 rate a Buy on GOOGL, while 1 issues a Sell. The consensus price target stands at $941.64, marking a nearly 16% upside from where the stock is currently trading. Sanofi SA (ADR) (NYSE:SNY), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Verily Life Sciences ... Sanofi SA (ADR) (NYSE:SNY) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Verily Life Sciences, LLC have recently introduced a joint venture focusing on diabetes, Onduo.

Formation of Onduo

Primarily, Sanofi and Verily Life Sciences aim to improve the lifestyle of diabetes patients by developing innovative solutions and effective treatments through Onduo.

The company will tap the expertise of Sanofi in clinical development and of Verily Life Sciences in analytics, miniaturization, and software development.

 The integration of multiple interventions, such as data-driven patient support and devices in addition to treatment, can help improve outcomes, which is important from the perspective of patients, healthcare professionals and the overall healthcare system,  boasted Peter Guenter, Sanofi Executive Vice President (EVP) and Head of Global Diabetes & Cardiovascular Business Unit, about the new collaboration.

Spearheading the new joint venture is Joshua Riff, M.D., M.B.A., former UnitedHealth Group Inc (NYSE:UNH) Optum Senior VP (SVP) of Prevention and Wellbeing, as the CEO.

Initial Efforts

Riff has expressed that dealing with diabetes is burdensome in all aspects of life, which is exactly what Onduo seeks to address.

Presently, the main focus of Onduo is type 2 diabetes. It aims to develop solutions that can help type 2 diabetes patients to make better decisions on a daily basis. Eventually, the company will expand its core focus to help type 1 diabetes patients and those who can potentially develop diabetes, thereby preventing the illness.

Onduo has already teamed up with Allegheny Health Network of Western Pennsylvania and Sutter Health of Northern California for the initial testing of the Onduo platform among healthcare providers and type 2 diabetes patients alike.

According to Jessica Mega, M.D., M.P.H., Verily Life Sciences Chief Medical Officer (CMO), the partnership with the two healthcare facilities will be vital in the development of new innovative solutions for diabetes patients.

On Monday, Sanofi has closed at $38.66, up by 0.34%; Alphabet at $814.17, up by 1.68%; and UnitedHealth Group at $138.08, up by 1.04%.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) And Alphabet Inc ... AllSeen Alliance and rival firm Open Connectivity Foundation have joined their efforts to work on speeding up the connected devices industry.

The two firms want to be the market leaders in the IoT industry and they want to make it easier to connect household devices such as refrigerators, and music systems among others. AllSeen Alliance and Open Connectivity have impressing and ambitious plans but they do not involve the companies that are currently dominating the IoT space. Companies such as Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are not part of the consortium.

However, it is important to note that some other influential companies. They include Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), Samsung Electronics, LG Electronics and QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM). The new consortium of companies will all be under the name Open Connectivity Foundation (OCF). The idea behind the partnerships is to merge the open-source AllJoyn Framework used by AllSeen with the open-source IoTivity framework managed by OCF.

 With this merger, both software projects will collaborate to support future versions of the OCF specifications to combine the best of both technologies into a unified IoTovity roadmap, while providing support and interoperability enhancements for current implementations,  stated AllSeen Alliance chairman Danny Lousberg.

The AllSeen chairman also stated that the opportunity will allow AllSeen Alliance members as well as non-members to certify AllJoyn devices under the same testing and licensing procedures that are currently in existence. The absence of Apple, Amazon, and Alphabet from the group is a disadvantage because the three firms have made enormous progress with their IoT products. Their input would be significant towards the OCF goal of a more connected world. Nonetheless, the already existing members are strong enough to have a significant influence especially considering that firms such as Samsung and LG have strong markets for home devices.

Amazon stocks closed the latest trading session at $841.71, marking a $2.28 or 0.27% improvement compared to the price of the stock in the previous close.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-11-13
Google Daydream Vs Samsung Groups Gear VR; Which VR Headset is Better? Published By: Ken Bock on November 13, 2016 07:42 am EST

If you are currently looking for a high-performing virtual reality (VR) headset then Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Samsung Electronics. Co. Ltd. (NASDAQ:SSNLF) have got your back.

Google Daydream and Samsung Gear VR are two of the most popular VR headsets currently available in the market, but it is largely unknown which device performs better. Fortunately for you, we have compiled a quick comparison of the two leading VR headsets in order to determine which one would be better at meeting your requirements.

Compatibility

Samsung Gear VR: The Headset is compatible with the Samsung Galaxy S6, Galaxy Note 5, and every one of their succeeding flagship smartphone devices. Unfortunately, Gear VR is not compatible with any other Android smartphone aside from Samsung s leading Galaxy smartphone models.

Google Daydream: The recently released Pixel and Pixel XL are the only two smartphone devices which are compatible with Google s new VR headset. However, the search giant has confirmed that Daydream will be compatible with a host of upcoming flagship Android smartphone devices, including the recently announced Huawei Mate 9.

Comfort

Samsung Gear VR: The headset is much larger and bulkier compared to Google Daydream which gives its rival an early upper-hand. Also, its large size might make it difficult for users to carry around the headset, but VR headsets are not meant to be pocket-friendly so at least this should not be considered as a deciding factor.

Google Daydream: Google has incorporated a soft fabric-like material in its VR headset, which is designed to provide maximum comfort to users. Also, Daydream is much smaller and lighter compared to its rival VR headset that makes it easier for users to carry the device around. Definitely the more comfortable VR headset of the two!

Connectivity

Samsung Gear VR: The latest Gear VR has support for USB Type-C smartphones which is increasingly seen on upcoming devices. However, strapping in a device inside the Gear VR is not as seamless as we would have liked.

Google Daydream: This is where Daydream has a huge advantage over its Gear counterpart. Users are simply required to slot in a compatible smartphone inside Daydream for the VR headset to work. Interestingly, users are not required to connect any wires or align their smartphone for the device to work its magic, which is a huge plus point for Google s flagship VR headset.

Controls

Samsung Gear VR: The headset features a touchpad that is side-mounted in the device. Unfortunately, it can be a bit difficult for users to find this touchpad, especially once Gear VR is in use. However, you will get used to its exact location overtime.

Google Daydream: Google has included a wireless remote for its flagship VR headset. The accuracy of the motion control incorporated in the remote control of Daydream deserves a special mention. The only flip side to such a great feature is that users are required to separately charge this remote.

Applications

Samsung Gear VR: This is where the Samsung has a major upper-hand against Google s new VR headset offering. Gear VR users have hundreds of applications to choose from, thanks to the combined effort of Oculus and Samsung. Furthermore, this already impressive library of application and games is expanding at a very fast pace.

Google Daydream: Unfortunately, the search engine giant has only managed to develop a handful of applications for its new VR headset, which could be a deciding factor for numerous users. Also, it will take some time before Daydream is provided with a similar collection of applications and games.

That s all for now. For more comparisons and news from around the tech world, stay tuned to The Country Caller. 
2016-08-08
Alphabet: Put That Cash To Use  Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc Ruled Q2 Internet Earnings Now that the second quarter Internet earnings reporting period is mostly in the books, there are several trends that have emerged. Chief among them is that Facebook and Google parent Alphabet were the standouts this time around   even though both face more difficult comparisons in the second half of this year.

Facebook s, Alphabet s leads widen

In a report dated August 5, Nomura analyst Anthony DiClemente listed some key takeaways they have observed over the course of the second quarter earnings reporting period for Internet companies. They highlighted Facebook and Alphabet in particular as they said growth in Internet ad revenue in the U.S. dominated the second quarter prints. They said the second quarter results again cemented the two digital ad giants as  the outsized beneficiaries of secular ad market shifts to digital advertising platforms. 

They added that Facebook and Alphabet both enjoyed sequential accelerations in ad revenue, with Facebook s ad revenue growing 63% and Google s ad revenue growth increasing 20% year over year in the second quarter. They added that in particular, strength in video ads boosted the results of both companies and that Google enjoyed a boost from mobile search ads.

Both Facebook and Alphabet have more difficult comparisons in the second half of this year, but the Nomura team adds that the degree of deceleration in revenue that has been factored into current estimates indicates that these difficult comparisons are already understood quite well.

Twitter, Pandora Media take a hit from weaker demand

As Facebook and Google got stronger during the second quarter, Twitter and Pandora Media got weaker as demand on smaller platforms resulted in deceleration. Both companies reported revenue growth deceleration and missed estimates. Twitter s third quarter guide indicates that this trend is expected to last through the end of the year as management called for revenue growth to decelerate to the mid-single digits.

Pandora said demand for national ads in the Telco and Entertainment verticals was especially weak, resulting in a slowdown in monetization.

Facebook and others focus on controlling costs

For the Internet firms that beat estimates for EBITDA, the major trend was cost discipline, DiClemente and team said. They note that EBITDA upside was the one big consistent theme across the Internet sector despite the major divergence in growth trajectories. They note that while Yahoo and Twitter were weak in revenue and Alphabet and Facebook were strong, all four companies, plus Netflix, improved their expense management in the second quarter.

They added that Facebook narrowed its given range of full-year expense outlook, and Alphabet said investments in artificial intelligence are driving better efficiency in its infrastructure. Twitter reduced its spending on research and development, but they believe this will be difficult to keep doing because of its new products.

Stock-based compensation a key focus

Another major trend among Internet firms is stock-based compensation. This isn t a new issue, but it is one that is catching the eyes of analysts and investors more and more. One of the biggest concerns some market watchers have is that it is typically a recurring expense, but tech companies that issue a lot of shares as compensation typically exclude it from their GAAP results.

The Nomura team reported that the differences in valuation widened all across their coverage universe after the second quarter reporting period. They add that Facebook, Alphabet and Netflix are all now about 20% more expensive when adding in impacts from stock-based compensation. However, Pandora Media and Twitter, both of which are struggling right now, are  significantly more demanding  after considering stock-based compensation, they explained.

DiClemente explained that when including SBC, Twitter s valuation soars to almost 90 times estimated 2017 EV/ EBITDA. He estimates that Pandora doesn t generate any EBITDA until almost 2019 when including SBC. He adds that such rich GAAP valuations may point to the possibility of strategic value presented by small Internet companies to a larger acquirer in an M&A scenario. Alphabet Inc.'s (GOOGL) Self Driving Car Unit In Trouble Published By: Ken Bock on August 8, 2016 09:54 am EST

According to NewYork Times, the main face of the Alphabet Inc. s (GOOGL) Google s self-driving has left the project at a crucial stage when the company was working on transitioning is driver-less car technology to a commercial product. Mr. Chris Urmson was the key roboticist of the project and his departure was amongst the other recent departures of the department.

Apart from him, the team s lead software engineer, Jiajun Zhu has announced his departure. He was one of the founders of the project. He has moved on to becoming a start-up co-founder, according to LinkedIn. Also, another software lead, Dave Ferguson has also left the company recently.

Coming back to Mr. Chris Urmson, the roboticist is said to be leaving the company after seven years since he joined Alphabet Inc. in 2009. He took over the division after the departure of Sebastian Thrun, the founder of Google X laboratory in 2013. The company was aware of Mr. Urmson s plans of leaving the company. He neither gave a reason for leaving the company nor his new destination, but stated that he is ready for a new challenge on his blog.

According to Alphabet spokesman, Mr. Luu, Chris had been a vital part of the department. He was the only person who had faith when autonomous car was just an idea and nothing more. He had confidence that this lifesaving technology would someday become a reality and thus, he helped his team move through that.

The departures in the $552.14 billion company came after the company had decided to hire John Krafcik, former CEO of Hyundai America. He became the chief of the car project. This was done to make this project a stand-alone company under the umbrella of Alphabet Inc. The company is said to have first mover advantage in the autonomous vehicle technology and is under immense pressure to show financial tailwinds attached with the project. However, the commercial version of this car is not expected to come out for a long time.

Although, Mr. Urmson did not give a distinctive reason for his departure, he was noted to be unhappy under John Krafcik s leadership. He had fought with other leads to know where the division was headed. When he did not get an answer, he planned to leave and informed other team members on Thursday, August 04.

He further stated that he has no idea about what his next project would be. He said:  If I can find another project that turns into an obsession and becomes something more, I will consider myself twice lucky.  He believes the division is in good hands that have the capability to take the project as it needs to be. Mr. Krafcik acknowledges that Mr. Chris was an incredible person to work with and an exceptional leader. He wished him luck for his future endeavors. He was always impressed by his passion for the project. However, his departure means that only a few founding members are left in the division and that the unit might enter one of the most difficult and challenging periods to make Mr. Chris  dream and idea into a reality. Over 900 Million Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Android Devices Affected By Quadrooter Bug Published By: Ken Bock on August 8, 2016 01:05 pm EST

Just recently, four new security vulnerabilities were found in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android smartphones and tablets with Qualcomm chipsets that let hackers get complete control of an affected Android device. According to a report from security research firm Check Point, over 900 million Android devices are affected with the high-risk vulnerabilities that have now been codenamed to Quadrooter. Adam Donenfeld, lead security researcher at Check Point, discovered the flaws first.

Adam Donenfeld also went into details about how the security flaw affects users  devices at Def Con on Saturday. According to Donenfeld, an attacker would have to trick Android users in to downloading a malicious app that will not have any special permission. Most Android devices are secured to disallow installations from third party sources, though attackers have somehow managed to affect apps with malware. If any of the flaws are exploited, attackers instantly have access to the affected user s device, including camera, microphone, and user data.

The report stated that most Android devices out in the market right now are capable of being affected by the latest hack. Google s Nexus 5X, Nexus 6 and Nexus 6P, HTC s One M9 and HTC 10, Samsung s S7 and S7 Edge are some of the few major devices that are affected by the latest hack. Blackberry s latest Android device, DTEK 50, is also susceptible to one of the flaws that affect these devices.

QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) recently announced that the company has fixed all of the flaws and had sent out patches to all its vendors before the end of July. Some of the fixes have already been sent out to Android devices, though it is reported that one of the vulnerabilities has still not been patched. Google recently confirmed that it would fix the last flaw in the September update. Even Executive Pay Is Being Disrupted at Tech Giants Like Amazon  How much detail do you really want to reveal to competitors? 

Amazon.com Inc., Alphabet Inc. and Facebook Inc. have upended the establishments in retailing, advertising and media -- so it may not come as a surprise that their pay plans are unusual too.

The three set themselves apart from other Standard & Poor s 500 Index companies by paying bosses almost exclusively in stock grants that are free from any links to performance goals. The vast majority of the biggest U.S. companies tie most of their top executives  pay to targets disclosed in regulatory filings, according to the Bloomberg Pay Index.

Paying in stock rather than cash helps boards align management rewards with performance and tying those grants to specific financial or operational milestones can reinforce that approach. Yet for businesses in hot industries like tech, boards may prefer plans that don t reveal company targets and that help retain highly sought-after executives by guaranteeing their potential payouts.

 A pay program that isn t strictly bound to a formula gives the board more latitude to adjust to situations in real time,  said Steven Hall Jr., a consultant at executive compensation advisory firm Steven Hall & Partners.  And how much detail do you really want to disclose in proxy filings and reveal to competitors? 

Amazon avoids linking compensation to performance criteria because doing so  could cause employees to focus solely on short-term returns at the expense of long-term growth and innovation,  according to a filing. The company typically grants executives biennial stock awards that vest over six years.

Google parent Alphabet also grants equity every other year, a strategy it has said  encourages executives to take a long-term view.  The payout isn t contingent on performance objectives and typically happens over several years. Executives have previously been eligible for discretionary annual bonuses based on individual and company achievements. Those were eliminated this year for most participants, a filing shows.

Spokesmen for Amazon, Alphabet and Facebook declined to comment.

In an industry where ideas are plentiful but talent is scarce, companies are racing to recruit engineers and executives able to upend existing business models with promises of equity-laden pay packages. That s helped drive compensation at tech s top echelon to levels rarely seen since the financial services industry before the 2008 crash. Examples include the $199 million grant awarded to Sundar Pichai after he was selected to run Google.

Big run-ups in share prices coupled with founders holding controlling stakes might have given some businesses leeway to use more liberal pay practices without upsetting investors, said David Larcker, a professor of accounting at Stanford Graduate School of Business.

 Talent makes or breaks a company -- that s true everywhere but it s especially true here,  Larcker said about the tech industry.  If the view is,  This person is going to put us over the top and create multiples of what we re going to pay him,  then they re going to tailor that package to get that person. 

Facebook and Alphabet have latitude in pay decisions because their founders hold controlling stakes in the businesses, ensuring that they always pass advisory say-on-pay elections and secure approval to refill the supply of shares used to pay employees. Amazon founder Jeff Bezos owns a 17 percent stake in the online retailer. All three received more than 90 percent support in their most recent advisory shareholder votes on pay programs.

Shares awarded to Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg s four top lieutenants in 2015 made up more than 80 percent of their total pay, compared with an average of 60 percent for S&P 500 CEOs, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. They will be fully vested by 2021 as long as the four remain employed by the company, a filing shows.

The executives are also eligible for annual bonuses based on goals including user-base growth and progress toward long-term investments. Facebook said it anticipates to increase the share of cash compensation to  move closer to market  relative to its peers, without specifying if it ll be tied to performance.

Vesting periods of at least four years are necessary for companies that rely exclusively on time-based stock awards to  gear individuals toward taking a longer-term view,  said Aalap Shah, managing director at executive pay firm Pearl Meyer. An absence of metrics from pay plans hardly means that executives don t have goals they must achieve to get paid, he said.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

While investors and regulators have pressed companies to be transparent with compensation decisions, granular performance goals can be a window to a management team s plans. Avoiding that sort of disclosure can be a plus for tech companies that are navigating uncharted territory. International Business Machines Corp. ties Chief Executive Officer Ginni Rometty s annual bonus and long-term awards to targets it didn t list in filings because they could  signal IBM s strategic focus areas. 

Outside Silicon Valley, top executives whose compensation isn t linked to goals are typically founders who already hold significant stakes in their businesses. Examples include modestly paid Warren Buffett, founder of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., and Whole Foods Market Inc. s co-CEO John Mackey, who receives a $1 salary.

Performance-based compensation became popular in the 1990s after a change to the tax code allowed companies to deduct those amounts, a legislative effort to make boards pay bosses only if the company did well. That exemption doesn t apply to restricted shares not linked to results, even though their value varies with the stock price.

As they mature, tech companies tend to revert to more traditional pay practices. Apple Inc., the world s largest company by market value, granted CEO Tim Cook a $376 million stock award in 2011, scheduled to vest over the next decade. It was modified in 2013 at Cook s own request to vest in part based on the company s stock performance. In 2014, the company added similar conditions to equity awards for other executives as well. Google buys cloud company Orbitera  
2016-08-30
Apple Inc. (AAPL) Slammed by the EU. Here's Who's Next. The European Union s antitrust regulator ruled Monday that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) must repay roughly $14.5 billion worth of taxes to the Irish government. The charge: Ireland s tax agency gave the company unfair tax breaks.

The decision marks a major milestone in the EU s efforts to keep firms from avoiding corporate taxes in Europe. It also added fuel to arguments that the region has been using its regulatory powers to put pressure on U.S. firms.

While Apple s tax troubles are grabbing the headlines today, it s not the only firm in the EU s firing line. Other U.S. multinationals are under investigation, too. And if Apple is any indication of things to come, the tax man will cometh for Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOG ) and McDonald s Corporation (NYSE: MCD ).

Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN)

Online retail giant Amazon has struggled with a similar tax situation in Luxembourg.

Like Apple, Amazon s European headquarters in Luxembourg translated into a  capped  tax rate that saved AMZN millions of dollars. Although the exact sum hasn t been released, it is believed that regulators will demand Amazon to repay about  400 million to Luxembourg, saying the e-tailer received preferential treatment.

Amazon officials claim the company has done no wrong and that it followed the same tax rules as other companies headquartered in Luxembourg. But critics say the retailer set up its EU headquarters there specifically to avoid taxes. They also say Luxembourg s tax breaks have unfairly stifled competition from other online retailers, whose tax bills are higher.

Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL)

Alphabet is dealing with a whole host of problems with EU regulators, battling everything from privacy concerns to monopoly accusations. However, the tech giant is also putting out fires stemming from its taxation arrangements throughout Europe.

Earlier this year, GOOG succumbed to pressure from EU officials to rework its accounting system. Essentially, Alphabet will register a larger proportion of its sales activity in the U.K. rather than in Ireland, where its European headquarters are located and corporate taxes are much lower. Alphabet struck a deal with U.K. regulators, agreeing to pay  130 million to compensate for years of paying very little tax in Britain.

But Google s tax issues didn t stop there.

French authorities are questioning the company s accounting practices, and French Finance Minister Michel Sapin has said the nation won t be as forgiving as the U.K. was. France claims GOOG owes  1.6 billion worth of unpaid taxes   a considerably higher figure than U.K. officials agreed to.

McDonald s Corporation (MCD)

Tech firms aren t the only ones caught up in EU regulatory drama. Fast-food giant McDonald s also is being accused of having a  sweetheart  tax deal with Luxembourg. Earlier this summer, the European Commission revealed that McDonald s and the grand duchy were misusing EU and U.S. tax treaties so royalties from European MCD franchises were not taxed anywhere in the world.

McDonald s, like Amazon and Apple, claims the money would eventually be taxed upon repatriation, MCD also insists its arrangement in Luxembourg was completely legal. However, with many U.S. firms holding on to billions of dollars worth of foreign income in hopes that American taxes will be reformed and foreign income taxes lowered, EU officials say these tax deals favor certain companies and hurt competition.

As of this writing, Laura Hoy was long AAPL.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet's Nest Labs entire platform team to become part of Google - Fortune  
2016-01-21
Alphabet Inc. Focused on Creating Long-Term Value, Says CFO Ruth Porat Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat tells WSJ s Dennis Berman that the biggest surprise she had on joining the company was the realization that Google is still an early-stage company.

DAVOS, Switzerland Google parent Alphabet Inc. is focusing on creating long-term value rather than on incremental results, the company s chief financial officer said Thursday, adding strong internal controls and infrastructure that improves visibility are fundamental in today s tumultuous global markets.

Ruth Porat, who joined the Silicon Valley giant as CFO last May from Morgan Stanley, said that the $480 billion company sees itself as in the early stages of a revolution in how people use devices and interact in a... Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Announces VR App For Google Expeditions Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) on January 20 announced an Android virtual reality (VR) beta app for its Google Expeditions Pioneer Program. The firm plans to open up its VR experience program to more schools with the decision.

According to Google, it currently has more than 100 Expeditions under its pilot program. This includes museum tours in partnership with the American Museum of Natural History and a trip to outer space from the Planetary Society.

Program Manager Jennifer Holland says in her blog that the program will initially be open to only select schools. The eligible schools will have to sign up to participate. Holland also writes that two new VR tours- Buckingham Palace and the Great Barrier Reef  have been added on popular request of school students. The Great Barrier Reef expedition has been designed with Sir David Attenborough and produced by Alchemy VR. The Buckingham Palace tour has been developed in cooperation with the UK s Royal Collection Trust. A Youtube 360 video of the palace can even be viewed here.

What is the Google expeditions program?

Google introduced the Expeditions program back in May 2015, at its annual I/O developer conference in San Francisco. The program is based around Cardboard- a simple Google gadget made from a few pieces of cardboard and a couple of lenses. Once a smartphone is fit inside, it becomes a VR headset.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Later in September, the firm launched its Expedition Pioneer program. Under the program, schools could sign up for a visit by an Expeditions team. The team would provide a complete kit along with instructions to use it. There is no charge by the firm for the program. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) estimates that over 500,000 students world over have participated in the program since its launch.

A single expedition is a series of 360-degree images and video content, curated by teachers for guided school lessons. The VR trip allows students to visit Mars from their classrooms, dive into deep oceans and explore hidden caves.

The program is currently visiting schools and institutes in the US, Sweden and Canada. Google will add more countries later on in the year.

A new learning experience

If you were a school student in the 1990s, then you must have remembered history lessons being a drag. One had to memorize notes from huge books and more than one student used to doze off during classes. Staring at grainy black and white images of historical events or a visit to the archives made things only more abstract and difficult to comprehend. The main reason was a lack of educational products that could evoke a child s interest in a subject.

Recent studies have shown that the early years of a child s cranial development are crucial. This has motivated firms like Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL)to innovate in education and offer a new learning experience. Google Cardboard may not be as high-end as the VR by Oculus Rift, but it is a great educational tool which can be used at low cost. As experienced by students in Indianapolis and Cambridge, Ontario, the Expeditions Pioneer Program can help bring the wonder of wanderlust to kids all over the world.

New VR Arm

Meanwhile, Google is making changes to some key executive positions to increase its focus on VR. Clay Bavor will head a newly-formed VR computing division, moving from his position of VP product management. Bavor will be responsible for taking the firm s VR effort (Cardboard) forward. The move comes amid Alphabet Inc s deal with GoPro Inc (NASDAQ:GPRO) for VR content and YouTube support for VR. Buy or Sell? We Rate These Four Tech Giants In this car crash of a stock market, it may well be worthwhile to focus on the companies that will largely endure whatever investors throw at them.

Indeed, companies that significantly outperform the overall market.

So let s look at the  FANGs. 

It was CNBC madman-in-chief Jim Cramer who coined the term when referring to a hyper-growth quartet of tech stocks 

Facebook Inc. (FB) Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) Netflix Inc. (NFLX) Google Inc. (GOOGL)   now called Alphabet Inc., of course.

Last year would ve been a great time to own their shares 

Facebook rose by 34.1%.

Amazon surged by 117.7%.

Netflix rocketed 129.5% higher, factoring in a 7:1 stock split on July 15, 2015.

Alphabet jumped by 44.1%.

Compare that to the overall Nasdaq exchange, which only returned 5.7%, while the Dow Industrials shed 2.2% and the S&P 500 posted a marginal 0.7% loss.

With 2015 in the books   and 2016 off to the worst start in history   it s worth taking a look at these bellwether tech outperformers. But with a warning 

Judging the FANGs   Should You Buy or Sell?

While many investors found it profitable last year to let the momentum carry them, regardless of valuations, momentum only carries you so far. Eventually, these companies need to deliver what they ve promised  or at least justify the valuations they attained last year.

So let s take a look at each FANG stock and assess the prospects for this year using three metrics   value, growth, and competition   and whether you should buy or sell.

Facebook

Value: At 95 times its trailing earnings, Facebook is expensive. However, earnings are growing so the forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio is a slightly more reasonable 33. But the price/earnings-to-growth (PEG) ratio, which incorporates earnings growth relative to the share price, is still very high at 3.1.

Growth: Analysts are projecting earnings to grow at over 31% per year over the next five years. This is possible but difficult   the years of 70% earnings growth are behind Facebook. Why?

Because we ve hit  Peak Facebook.  Just about everyone who s going to have a Facebook account already has one and advertising is nearing saturation.

Competition: In the tech sector, forced adoption is critical. That is, the point at which a technology or product enters the mainstream and everyone has to have it. Well, Facebook had the right social network at the right time and drove forced adoption of its platform. It s crushed all challengers and is the go-to place for people to keep in touch with family and friends.

Verdict: Sell. Facebook enjoyed a good 2015, but its valuation is too high to justify its growth, and the risk of disappointment for investors is too high.

Amazon

Value: Insane. That s the only way to describe Amazon s valuation at this point in its existence. The company s P/E is over 800 and even its forward P/E is over 100. The PEG ratio is an unsustainable 13.7. But hang on  Amazon may have a trick or two up its sleeve.

Growth: Wall Street expects Amazon s profit to surge by 60% per year. That s from a relatively small base, given the company s size. CEO Jeff Bezos has reinvested the company s profits in new initiatives and not only is there a sense that those initiatives will succeed, but that Amazon can slow the pace of investment at any point and generate profit at will.

In a tough market, Amazon will have to prove that it can do just that in order to justify its current valuation.

Competition: You know the deal with Amazon   it sells just about anything and there s no likely contender that can challenge the company s massive online retail base. However, as traditional rivals improve their web presences, it could slow the pace of Amazon s retail growth. Other business like streaming media and cloud computing are also highly competitive and changing rapidly. The end of Amazon s sales tax exemption in most states has erased much of its price advantage, too.

Verdict: Buy. This is a classic value versus growth battle, but the company s growth estimates, coupled with its dominant position, make it a  Buy.  Watch it carefully, though.

Netflix

Value: If you think Amazon s valuation is high, Netflix has it beat. It s the most expensive FANG, with shares trading at over 220 times trailing earnings, over 440 times projected earnings, and has a PEG of 17.4.

Growth: Netflix will have to exceed Wall Street s earnings growth projection of 28% in order to justify its share price. Many parts of the company s business are still unprofitable or just tipping into profitability, so it s possible for Netflix to grow enough to meet that high bar, but it will be a real challenge. Especially given its competition 

Competition: In a word: high. In true disruptive tech style, Netflix stormed onto the streaming media scene with a model that was far better than other upstarts like Hulu. But that first-mover advantage has gone and everyone else now wants in, including many content producers.

Netflix will spend over $6 billion making and acquiring content this year   almost as much as it earned in revenue for all of 2015. That number will rise, too, as more bidders fight for a limited amount of quality programming.

Verdict: Sell. Netflix has become a victim of its own success. It discovered a massive pie with its streaming services, and while it s still hugely popular, too many rivals now want a piece of that pie, too.

Google (Alphabet)

Value: Compared to the other FANGs, Google is practically a value stock, with a trailing P/E of 26, a forward P/E of only 20, and a PEG of 1.87.

Growth: Google is also the most mature of the FANGs   a fact reflected in its earnings estimates. Analysts only expect earnings growth of under 16% over the next five years. However, with the various  moon shot  initiatives at parent company Alphabet, it s the most likely to exceed estimates.

A comparison with Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) is applicable here. The only times Microsoft earned a P/E above 50 were during its earliest growth stages in the mid-1980s and the dot-com bubble of 1998-2000. But adoption of new products is much faster today than it was when Microsoft was the king of growth, so believing in faster near-term earnings growth may be justified here.

Competition: While Google s bread-and-butter advertising business faces some threats, the company has its hands in so many parts of internet advertising, it should profit even from competitors  moves. Like Amazon, its other businesses are more vulnerable.

Verdict: Buy. Google isn t going anywhere. Indeed, my colleague Louis Basenese believes the company is the No. 1 contender to buy Twitter Inc. (TWTR) this year   a move that would merely catapult its existing social media dominance into another universe. And with its driverless car venture and other research projects in the works, this company could have some surprises in store.

And Then There s the Market 

I believe Amazon and Google have the best chance of exceeding their earnings expectations and that Google has the best chance of justifying its current valuation.

Facebook may provide the steadiest growth, while Netflix faces big challenges to merit its huge price.

Of course, the elephant in the room here is the overall stock market climate   which, as we all know, is pretty horrific at the moment.

The mood will no doubt settle at some point   such volatility doesn t last forever. And if the market turns bullish again, it should bode well for the FANG stocks and their prices might stay high for some time.

But if the market turns into a long-term bear or these companies start missing their earnings, you don t need to be Einstein to know that their stocks will be in trouble.

To living and investing in the future,

Greg Miller 
2016-06-18
Alphabet Inc: This Is Why Google Stock Is One Name to Own Forever By Jing Pan, B.Sc, MA Published : June 18, 2016

Here s Why Google Stock Could See Further Upside

There is a reason why Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is one of the largest companies in the world by market cap: it excels at everything. However, I believe that in the future, the biggest catalyst for Google stock is not search, not  Android,  not YouTube, and not even electric cars. The greatest asset that Google has the one that could propel GOOG stock to new highs is data.

If you have been paying any attention at all to the tech world this week, you would have learned about the Microsoft-LinkedIn deal. On Monday, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) announced that it would acquire online professional network company LinkedIn Corp (NYSE:LNKD) for $26.2 billion. After the announcement, LinkedIn shares skyrocketed 48%. (Source:  Microsoft to Acquire LinkedIn,  Microsoft Corporation, June 13, 2016.)

How is this related to Google stock? Well, if you take a look at why Microsoft is buying LinkedIn, you d see how special Google is.

When Microsoft acquires LinkedIn, it s going to have access to LinkedIn s data, meaning its 433 million professional profiles and their connections. This would help Microsoft tremendously because many of its users such as those who use the  Office  productivity suite are on LinkedIn. If Microsoft can convince LinkedIn members to use their identities across its different products and services, the information it could get would be invaluable.

But how does knowing the users help one s business? The answer is simple: the more you know about them, the better you can design a product or service to cater to their needs.

That s why Google is special. It knows absolutely everything.

Take search as an example. Google started with search, and has now become the most dominant player in the business. In April 2016, Google had a whopping 89.4% global market share in the search engine industry. Yahoo and Bing the second- and third-place finishers for the month had less than eight percent combined. (Source:  Worldwide Desktop Market Share of Leading Search Engines from January 2010 to January 2016,  Statista, last accessed June 16, 2016.)

What this means, first of all, is that Google can make a lot of money on advertising. Also, by being the most widely used search engine on the planet, Google also benefits from the network effect: the more it s used, the better it gets. So, its competitive advantage could extend well into the future.

But there s more. As the most dominant search engine in the world, the company also learns a great deal about almost every Internet user on Earth. This could create all kinds of monetizing opportunities.

For instance, Google s vast knowledge of consumers would be well-suited for an e-commerce platform. The company can make serious money by letting e-commerce companies use some of that information. Or better yet, Google could start building its own online shopping platform.

As a matter of fact, the company is already expanding its role in e-commerce. Google has partnered with numerous merchants and online vendors to launch  Google Shopping,  a service that allows users to search for products on online shopping web sites and compare prices between different vendors.

Don t forget, Google doesn t just get data from its search engine. The company also owns YouTube, which is the leading multimedia platform in many parts of the world. In May, YouTube had the highest visits of any video-streaming platform in the U.S. with a giant 76.9% market share. (Source:  Leading Multimedia Websites in the United States in May 2016, Based on Market Share of Visits,  Statista, last accessed June 16, 2016.)

Just like with search, hundreds of millions of YouTube viewers not only represent a huge advertising opportunity, but also an incredible amount of quality data. Think about it: Google knows the personal tastes of hundreds of millions of people. If it were to invest in original content and produce its own films and TV shows, it knows exactly what would work.

The Bottom Line on Google Stock

Today, terms like  big data  and  artificial intelligence  are used by almost every company in the tech world. They know that going forward, data will be the key for both hardware devices and software services. But while many companies are in the game, Google has an unrivalled amount of user data, and the network effect allows it to sharpen its competitive edge.

Even though Google stock is not cheap, it could still have a huge amount of potential. That s why it may be one name to own forever. 
2016-01-27
As Apple shares sink, Alphabet closes in on its market cap An earlier version of this story had the incorrect year for the iPhone s launch. The error has been corrected.

ChinaFotoPress via Getty Images As Apple s stock sinks deeper into the red, Google parent Alphabet is closing in on its stock-market value.

Worries about iPhone sales growth pummeled Apple Inc. s shares on Wednesday, allowing Google s parent Alphabet Inc. to narrow the gap for the crown of the world s largest company by market value.

Apple AAPL, -0.53% which has held the title since 2011, has a market capitalization of $517.97 billion, compared with Alphabet s GOOGL, -0.15% GOOG, -0.09% $487.49 billion, according to the Dow Jones Market Data Group. The difference of $30.5 billion, while still sizable, appears puny versus that of a year ago, when it stood at $294 billion. Back then, Apple s market cap was $659 billion and Google, as the company was known at the time, was valued at $365 billion, FactSet data show.

Cupertino, Calif.-based Apple on Tuesday turned in better-than-expected fiscal first-quarter earnings but said sales of iPhones grew at their slowest pace since the smartphone was introduced in 2007. Investors responded by dumping Apple shares, wiping out $36 billion in Apple s value in one session.

The iPhone maker s stock has had a rough year so far, in part on worries about how the economic slowdown in China will impact future sales for the flagship device. On Tuesday, Chief Executive Tim Cook dismissed those fears.

 It s easy to lose perspective with some of the things you read every day,  Cook said during a conference call with analysts and reporters to discuss the latest results.

 The middle class in China was less than 50 million people in 2010, and by 2020 it s projected to be about 0.5 billion. And so there s just an enormous number of people moving into the middle class, and we think this provides us a great opportunity to win over some of those customers into the Apple ecosystem,  he said, according to a transcript of the call from FactSet.

Analysts, for the most part, appeared to have faith in Apple s near-term prospects.

Amit Daryanani, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, noted that sales in North America remain steady and the iPad is due for a refresh. Those two factors should continue to benefit the company, he said.

 We believe Apple s current stock price creates an attractive entry point for investors to benefit from Apple s ability to sustain revenue and earnings per share growth through fiscal 2016,  he said in a report.

Read: Apple has another problem: The iPad is dying

Apple shares tumbled 6.6% to finish at $93.42, the lowest since it closed at $93.09 on July 17, 2014. The stock has skidded 11.3% this month and is on pace for its worst month since it dropped 11.8% in June 2013.

Google Class A shares also slid 2.4% to close at $717.58 for a month-to-date decline of 7.8%.

Also read: Apple isn t really sitting on $216 billion in cash Alphabet's Earnings: The Bull Case for Google  Alphabet Inc (GOOG)'s Google Ships 5M Cardboard VR Devices; Files Patent for ...  Alphabet Program Beats the European Human Go Champion Photo

Artificial intelligence researchers are closing in on a new benchmark for comparing the human mind and a machine. On Wednesday, DeepMind, a research organization that operates under the umbrella of Alphabet, reported that a program combining two separate algorithms had soundly defeated a high-ranking professional Go player in a series of five matches.

The result, which appeared in the Jan. 27 edition of the journal Nature, is further evidence of the power created when a class of A.I. machine learning programs known as  deep neural networks  is combined with immense sets of data.

Go is seen as a good test for artificial intelligence researchers because it is more complex than chess, with a far larger range of possible positions. This makes strategy and reasoning in the game more challenging.

Go is played with round black and white stones, and two players alternately place pieces on a square grid with the goal of occupying the most territory. Until recently, software programs had not been able to do better than beat amateur Go players. In the Nature paper, engineers at DeepMind described a program, AlphaGo, that had achieved a 99.8 percent winning rate against other Go programs. It also swept five games from the European Go champion, Fan Hui.

The match between the AlphaGo program and Fan Hui was in October, and the DeepMind program has continued to train since then, said Demis Hassabis, a researcher who founded DeepMind Technologies, which was acquired by Google in 2014. Google changed its name to Alphabet last year, though the company s traditional ad-based businesses still operate under the Google label.

 The machine has continued to get better. We haven t hit any kind of ceiling yet on performance,  he said.

The Alphabet approach relies on the newest so-called deep learning approach combined with a more traditional type of algorithm known as a Monte Carlo, which is designed to exhaustively explore large numbers of possible combinations of moves. The researchers said they had also trained their program using input from expert human Go players.

The research and the game have created a rivalry among the public relations departments of companies like Alphabet, Microsoft and Facebook.

The day before the Alphabet paper was published, Facebook republished an earlier paper the company had posted on the arXiv.org website. At the same time, Facebook issued blog posts from Yann LeCun, one of its artificial intelligence researchers, and one from the company s chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg.

The statement by Mr. Zuckerberg resulted in a swift response from one Facebook user that may express a deeper human concern than the narrow results of the research:  Why don t you leave that ancient game alone and let it be without any artificial players? Do we really need an A.I. in everything?  wrote Konstantinos Karakasidis.

Those concerns are not likely to be heeded. In a blog post Wednesday morning, Alphabet stated that, in an effort to reprise the winning IBM Deep Blue chess playing program that defeated the chess champion Garry Kasparov in 1996, Alphabet will match its AlphaGo program against Lee Sedol, the current Go champion, for a five-game match in March.

There will be a $1 million prize for the winner, and Mr. Hassabis said that Alphabet would donate the prize to charity if AlphaGo won. The match will be streamed live on YouTube.

Mr. Hassabis, who is a skilled chess player and has been a professional gamer as well, said that Go was a beautiful game, but that  building an A.I. is also a human endeavor and a kind of ingenious one, too. The reason games are used as a testing ground is that they re kind of like a microcosm of the real world.  How The Apple Partnership Impacts Google Search Google revealed some additional insights on its iOS TAC as a result of disclosures in its Oracle court case.

Furthermore, the amount Apple receives relative to earnings/sales is small, which provides very little incentive to align its strategy with Google.

Efforts on Apple's front to mitigate the effectiveness of advertising will remain a headwind for Google.

However, it's highly improbable that Google's results will be affected too significantly.

We ve gained additional visibility on the profit share between Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG) and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) when it comes to Google Search queries. At least according to Deutsche Bank analysis, Google pays out approximately 34% of its revenue from iOS search to Apple, which translates to Google s current traffic acquisition cost, which was reported at 19% in the most recent quarterly earnings conference call. The company doesn t break out figures specific to its partnerships, but it pays roughly 14% more to position the Google Search app on iOS devices, which is averaged into the consolidated TAC figure. Furthermore, Google doesn t share the revenue from Siri or Spotlight search, but approximately 91% of all search activity on iOS devices is monetized by both Apple and Google, according to Deutsche Bank.

What this indicates is the loose partnership with Apple and Google is starting to form cracks. As is, Google pays a lot more to maintain its presence within iOS, but Apple has been much more vocal about privacy when compared to Google even though it doesn t seem to serve the company s financial purposes all that well. After all, Google uses the data with the intent to serve up more relevant information within search queries or within its own native ad publisher network. This does create some conflict with Apple, as Google s approach involves taking data from all devices and surfacing the personalized search across different platforms or devices. But if Apple s approach is to use data within the device to create relevant search or autonomous AI functionality, this breaks down the viability of Google s search functionality across other non-Apple devices. In other words, the app becomes less consistent with its search functionality, which has negative implications on Google s conversion metrics, thus lowering CPMs.

As such, where does the dialogue resume for both Google and Apple to come to the table with more reasonable terms? I don t really know, because the money Google pays Apple per year to maintain Google Search is a really small fraction of Apple s sales. In other words, the $1 billion Google was estimated to pay Apple in FY 14 doesn t provide enough incentive for both Apple and Google to share the same philosophy on user data. In other words, it s just enough to keep the partnership going, but it doesn't prevent Apple from endorsing or implementing ad-blocking software, additional layers of encryption, or prevention of native app API integration in which user information is fed into a third-party ad publisher network.

According to Deutsche Bank:

Our previous calculations estimated total iOS search revenue of $4.8B and $2.6B payout at ~70% TAC rate. This new disclosure suggests that iOS gross search revenue is closer to $4B (see Figure 1, pg. 4). The other $2.6B of Sites TAC (total of $3.6B in 2014) is likely legacy partnerships, toolbars, Chrome distribution and other items, highlighted in our 2013 report  Enhancing" The Mobile Story in 2013 note highlights the rough breakout of the different components of TAC.

Furthermore, it s worth mentioning that the recent court disclosures in the Oracle case don t materially alter estimates. Much of the TAC impact is already embedded into both buy side and sell side models as analysts are implementing the consolidated figure anyway. However, if iOS search share increases, it's worth noting that Google s TAC will increase incrementally due to the mix-shift to iOS queries as opposed to other platforms like Android and Windows. The impact on Apple shareholders though, isn t really that meaningful even if Apple were to actively mitigate the effectiveness of advertising because it wasn t much of a needle mover on the company s P&L to begin with.

While, I can acknowledge the unfavorable dynamics of Google s relationship with Apple. I feel far more confident endorsing Google due to its relatively limited exposure to hardware and revenue ramp across its platform of apps. I anticipate that Google will sustain margins despite the negative headwinds from iOS due to the steady improvement in ad-targeting across its publisher platform, and anticipate Google Search queries to sustain a healthy CAGR despite usage metric deterioration in developed markets. This is because Search is a relatively new function/feature in many emerging economies where internet isn t prevalent and even if each incremental international user doesn t correspondingly produce the same ARPU figures as developed markets, the incremental revenue from emerging markets will remain gross margin neutral as Google s cost structure has remained stable through international market expansion in the past.

Therefore, I continue to reiterate my buy recommendation on Google. You can also see Amigobulls' Alphabet stock analysis video for a quick roundup of key financials. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL): Morgens Waterfall Vintiadis & Co Inc increases ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL): Morgens Waterfall Vintiadis & Co Inc increases position by $2,935,000 or 4,000 shares

According to the most recent 13F filing with the SEC dated January 13, 2016, institutional investor Morgens Waterfall Vintiadis & Co Inc increased its stake in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) by 160% during the forth quarter ending December 31st, 2015. Morgens Waterfall Vintiadis & Co Inc now owns 6,500 shares of company's stock after buying 4,000 shares during the quarter worth about $2,935,000. Morgens Waterfall Vintiadis & Co Inc holdings in Alphabet Inc were worth $4,770,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) accounts for approximately 0.0487% of Morgens Waterfall Vintiadis & Co Inc holdings.

Among institutional investors, the top 3 institutions holding most of GOOGL stock are: STATE STREET CORP (7.56%), FMR LLC (5.5%) and VANGUARD GROUP INC (5.5%). STATE STREET CORP holds the most number of Alphabet Inc shares to the amount of 22,215,008 which are worth about 16,301,151 as of September 30, 2015. During this period, STATE STREET CORP increased its holding by about New% worth about $16,227,396,893 or 22,215,008 shares.

Among institutional investors increasing their stake in GOOGL, STATE STREET CORP increased its holding by about New% worth about $16,227,396,893 or 22,215,008 shares. FMR LLC increased its holding by about 7.40% worth about $846,738,179 or 1,159,169 shares. BANK OF AMERICA CORP /DE/ increased its holding by about 53.02% worth about $562,384,470 or 769,894 shares.

Among institutional investors who got a new stake in GOOGL, STATE STREET CORP got a new stake worth about $16,227,396,893 or 22,215,008 shares. FMR LLC got a new stake worth about $846,738,179 or 1,159,169 shares. BANK OF AMERICA CORP /DE/ got a new stake worth about $562,384,470 or 769,894 shares.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Institutional Ownership

Institutional Ownership 83.30% Total Shares Outstanding (millions) 291 Total Value of Holdings (millions) $178,080

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Institutional Positions

HOLDERS SHARES Increased Positions 849 40,556,003 Decreased Positions 810 21,625,009 Held Positions 214 180,504,601 Total Institutional Shares 1,873 242,685,613

Top 15 Increased Institutional Holdings for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) New and Sold Out Institution Positions

HOLDERS SHARES New Positions 169 26,478,816 Sold Out Positions 187 8,828,196

Top 15 New Institutional Holdings for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)

Top 15 Institutional Holders for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Quick Overview on Wednesday, January 27 2016 (10:16AM EST)

Alphabet Inc stock is currently trading at $730.47 (as of 1/27/2016 9:59am EST). The current asking price for GOOGL is $731.33 and bid price is $730.46. The GOOGL stock is DOWN by $-3.32 (or -0.45%) after trading opened at 9:30am EST at the opening price of $735.89. Today's high so far has been $735.89 and the low has been $727.80 with the day's price range fluctuating between $727.80 - 735.89 (or -3.32 - -0.45%). The current trading volume for the day has been 179385 shares so far. The average daily trading volume for GOOGL is 2127690 shares.

Previous trading session performance

The stock has a previous day closing price of $733.79 from its last trading session on January 26, 2016 4:00PM EST.

Overall Yearly performance for Alphabet Inc

The high for the year 2016 has been $798.69 and the low has been $503.48. The range for the stock for this year has been $503.48 - 798.69 so far. The stock is DOWN from year high by $-68.22 or (-8.54%). The stock is UP from year low by $226.99 or (+45.08%). GOOGL has a book value of $169.03. The Short Ratio for GOOGL is 2.25. The Earnings Per Share (EPS) value for GOOGL is 23.72. The Price to Sales Ratio for Alphabet Inc is 7.03. GOOGL has a 50-day moving average of $753.03 and a 200-day moving average of $704.52.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) - Company Financials

Alphabet Inc has a market capitalization of 502.36B. The EBITDA value for Alphabet Inc is $23.30B. The Price to Earnings ratio (P/E) for GOOGL is 30.79. The Price/Earnings to growth ratio (PEG) is 1.50.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Forecast

Alphabet Inc stock has an estimated Earnings Per Share (EPS) value of 28.98 for the current year of 2016. The EPS for the next quarter is estimated to be 7.83. The EPS for year 2016 is estimated to be 34.24. Analysts have estimated a One Year target price for GOOGL to be at $860.69. 
2016-03-24
Analysts Weigh in on SanDisk Corporation (SNDK) and Alphabet Inc (GOOGL ... Analysts from RBC Capital and Susquehanna share their thoughts on flash storage company SanDisk Corporation (NASDAQ:SNDK) and conglomerate Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) following a Cloud conference and merger, respectively. While one analyst believes the cloud sector represents long-term growth for Google even amidst stiff competition, the other downgrades SanDisk due to a lower than expected closing price for the merger.

SanDisk Corporation

Analyst Mehdi Hosseini of Susquehanna weighed in on digital storage company SanDisk following this week s news of shareholder approval of a $17 billion merger where Western Digital will pay $67.50 in cash and approximately .24 shares for every share of SanDisk. Until recently, the deal was valued at $19 billion due to Chinese technology company Unispledour wanting a 15% stake in Western Digital as part of the investment agreement. However, Unsipledour backed out of the deal in late February, which reduced the overall value of the merger. The analyst downgraded SanDisk from Positive to Neutral and decreased his price target to $79 to $86.50, commenting on the value of the deal and the next steps.

He states,  We are downgrading SNDK shares to Neutral (from Positive) and lowering our price target to $79 from $86.50 to reflect the consideration paid by WDC for SNDK shares upon closing . We note China s MOFCOM remains the only regulatory approval outstanding in order for the deal to close, and we ultimately believe MOFCOM will approve the deal   even though the Unis investment fell through. In fact, WDC s other JV with Unis in China (Storage Systems) remains intact, which would give Unis the ability to distribute WDC products   giving us additional comfort in the prospect of MOFCOM approval. We estimate total deal consideration to be ~$79.10/share for SNDK, consisting of $67.50/share in cash and ~$11.60/share in equity consideration. As such, given that our updated price target represents only ~2% upside from the current share price, we are downgrading to Neutral. 

Medhi Hosseini has a 41% success rate recommending stocks with an average loss of (6.4%) per recommendation. According to TipRanks, out of the 11 analysts who have rated the company in the past 3 months, 1 gave a Buy rating, 1 gave a Sell rating, and 9 remain on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $76.40, marking a 1% upside from current levels.

Alphabet Inc

RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney provided his insights on Alphabet after he attended the company s annual Google Cloud conference. The conference highlighted new business from Disney and Spotify, though limited in use. Notably missing from the conference was the mention of business from Apple. As a result, the analyst  wouldn t describe [his] takeaways as actionable.  However, he did walk away with  a very strong endorsement of the industry shift towards Cloud Computing, several promising new product launches, and a very clear commitment to having Google be a major Cloud vendor. 

Although the company faces stiff competition in this sector, the analyst believes the company is destined to be a viable player in the industry for a few reasons, citing hopeful statements by company leadership. First, the analyst cites a statement of CEO Sundar Pichai regarding the transition to the cloud. Pichai stated.  We believe that in the future, almost everything will be done in the Cloud, because it s a better way of doing business,  and Google has jumped on the bandwagon, having  over 7 [cloud] products with 1B+ users  

Chairman Eric Schmidt indicated the company has also advanced into machine learning to optimize its cloud computing products, which Mahaney believes compliments  Google s scale, automation, and technology strengths.  However, he is unclear as to how ML will  [play] out in the marketplace.  Mahaney notes other opportunities in its enterprise segment, having over 2 million existing customers. Diane Greene, the company s Cloud SVP, also commented Google s Cloud progress, noting core product success. However, she stated the segment has sales challenges in enterprise. She also stated three competitive advantages of Google Cloud, such as value through favorable pricing, less risk due to the company s security reputation, and innovation. Related to Greene s comments, SVP of Technical Infrastructure Urs H lzle pointed out the year s past successes and highlighted the firm s planned differentiation strategy in the cloud sector.

The analyst reiterated his Outperform rating and $1000 price target. He states,  We still view Google as a very distant #3 player (behind AWS and Azure), but through product innovation we see Google drawing on its scale & automation advantages and see this segment as a very promising long-term revenue/profit generator.  Mark Mahaney is ranked #10 out of 3,089 analysts on TipRanks. He has a 59% success rate recommending stocks with an average return of 17.7% per recommendation.

According to TipRanks, of the 37 analysts who have rated Alphabet in the past 3 months, 36 are bullish while one remains on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $924.19, marking a 23% upside from current levels. Google Stock: Can Cloud Help Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Surge? By Jeff Russell, B. Comm., MA Published : March 24, 2016

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is not used to playing catch up. Google has run away with the search engine market, its  Android  operating system is installed on more mobile devices than any other, and its  Chromecast  leads the streaming device market. The company also has several projects in the works, including driverless cars, Internet broadband services, and online grocery delivery that might propel GOOGL stock to new heights. But one area in which Google trails and by a huge distance is cloud computing.

Growth in the cloud computing market is taking off. It s expected to rise to $27.4 billion in 2016 compared to $14.9 billion in 2014, according to Synergy Research Group. (Source:  Amazon and Microsoft to Face Off in Cloud Computing Space,  Market Realist, February 9, 2016.) The majority of cloud revenues are generated from infrastructure as a service (IaaS).

For investors looking to get in on a cloud computing play, two companies often come to mind: Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), known for  Amazon Web Services  (AWS) and  Microsoft Azure. 

Amazon holds a commanding lead, with 36.9% of the market, while Microsoft is second with 8.7% . Lowly Google is not even close to being a threat, with about only 2.5% of the market. (Source: Ibid.) Looking at those numbers, it looks like Google doesn t stand a chance of becoming a market leader.

Even Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella scoffs at any competition other than Amazon.  While many companies are developing commercial cloud offerings, there are really only two driving enterprise cloud platform innovation at massive scale: Amazon and Microsoft,  he said during a conference call. (Source:  The Cloud Is Raining Cash on Amazon, Google, and Microsoft,  Bloomberg, October 22, 2015.)

Google has been slow to get into the market and this has allowed for Amazon to build a $9.6-billion business. According to Morgan Stanley, Google s cloud business generates only $500 million a year, which is not even close to what Amazon s AWS makes. (Source:  The Tech Exec Who Wants the Cloud to Be Google s Moneymaker,  WIRED, March 23, 2016.) Google, with its enormous resources, has been slow in this segment because the company builds services that are used for free, with ads appearing on those free services. It does not sell them but the company is looking to change that.

The search engine giant has been beefing up its cloud division since the company named Diane Greene chief of the cloud business in November. Just last week, Google announced that it is going to open cloud data centers in Oregon and Japan, with plans to add another 10 over the next 12 to 18 months.

The additions will bring the number of Google cloud data centers to 15. By comparison, Amazon currently has 12, with plans to open another five (Source:  Google Cloud Chief Ignites Expansion To Catch Amazon, Microsoft,  Investor s Business Daily, March 22, 2016.) It looks like Google s plans to take its cloud business more seriously are starting to pay off already, luring customers away from rival Amazon.

In a big win, Google announced last week that it has reeled in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) as a customer for its  Google Cloud Platform.  The deal will help Google catch up to Amazon a bit, as it reported that the contract is worth between $400 and $600 million. (Source:  Apple-Alphabet Cloud Accord Could Help Google Catch Up With Amazon,  Investor s Business Daily, March 23, 2016.) Apple will now be using cloud services from both Amazon and Google.

Google also scored a victory and landed another blow to Amazon last month by securing Spotify as a customer. The leading music streaming music service announced that it will be transferring most of its services away from Amazon and onto Google Cloud Platform.

The Bottom Line on GOOG Stock

Google used to report cloud revenues under the  Other Revenues  section in its quarterly and yearly reports, before recently transferring it to revenues under  Google.  The company is playing catch up with Amazon, but that also means Google can grow its cloud business by taking away market share and taking advantage of the overall growth in cloud computing.

Urs H lzle, Google s eighth employee and former cloud chief, believes that revenue from the company s Google Cloud Platform could surpass Google s advertising revenue within five years. This would transform Google s business and GOOG stock could take off as well. Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google's YouTube Focuses on Mobile Livestreaming Published By: Angela Campbell on March 24, 2016 08:57 am EST

Not that Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) Google s YouTube is doing less than expected, but seeing how new opportunities arise; it makes sense for the video streaming service to jump onboard new projects. After releasing YouTube Gaming, the company is now working on a mobile livestreaming app.

The company has taken inspiration from none other than Facebook Live and Twitter s Periscope. Seeing how successful they have turned out to be, and the endless possibilities the video sector has to offer, there is no reason why YouTube would lose out to its competition.

The app, which is referred to as  YouTube Connect  will give users the ability to log in using either their YouTube or Google account. Additionally, it will come with features like tagging, chat and built-in news feed as well. However, it is important to note that the service will not offer Twitter or Facebook sharing, according to rumors.

Google does offer live streaming but through the Creator Studio app. There could be a lot of changes before YouTube Connect launches, but one thing is for certain, it will give YouTube the leverage it needs to expand its horizons and make up for the mess that YouTube Gaming started out to be.

At the same time, the upcoming Google I/O event seems as good a time as any for YouTube to reveal its very own mobile streaming app and seeing how it is meant to take on the likes of Periscope and Facebook Live, it will be interesting to watch what more the company brings to the table. Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google Maps Gets New Ridesharing Options for iOS Devices Published By: Patrick Arruda on March 24, 2016 11:38 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) is upping its game when it comes to iOS devices. It was only recently that rumors started spreading of the company working on a new keyboard for iOS devices, but now, it has released a new update for Google Maps with new ridesharing options.

It is true that the ridesharing options first made their way to Android devices, but after a week, the very same options were made available for iOS devices too.

There is no denying the fact that Uber has been relied upon for years now, but instead of accessing its primary app, Google Maps gives users the ability to access it from within itself while make bookings as well.

On the other hand, there are new ridesharing partners and they are without a doubt a welcomed addition, but these are services operating in other countries. This includes options like 99Taxis, Gett, Hailo, Ola Cabs and MyTaxi.

As mentioned before, Uber can be integrated into Google Maps through its primary app; the same is the case with the other partners as well. Once installed, users will get pricing right on Maps itself.

It is true that the new update along with new ridesharing options may not seem like that big of a deal, but it does show that the tech giant is committed to its users, regardless of their location. As long as Google manages to maintain this strategy, there is no reason why it should not lead the pack. 
2016-07-06
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Nexus 2016 Leak Confirms New Device Published By: Ken Bock on July 6, 2016 09:29 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is expected to release the company s latest Nexus device later this year and rumors continue to surface about the changes the company is expected to bring to their latest devices. Earlier, reports suggested that HTC has partnered with Google again for the new Nexus device, and a leaked image by Android Police today confirms that HTC will indeed be manufacturing the new device. The new Nexus device is now expected to release as early as August and will be powered by the latest Android 7.0 Nougat.

According to reports, HTC will be releasing two separate Nexus devices, one packing a 5-inch display and the other will sport a 5.5 inch display. The two devices will share the same specs and users will have the option to choose different sizes without having to compromise on performance or specs. The two devices are also expected to be very similar in terms of design, with the only difference being the size of the display.

The leaked image of the Nexus device also shows the changes that will be coming to the on-screen buttons. Android Police reports that the new device will come with redesigned white home buttons, and the new home button is expected to look like a flower and will come with four different color options. The new devices are also expected to come with a metal design with the presence of the antenna lines on the back of the device.

The leaked image also shows that there is no camera bump on the new Nexus, unlike the previous generation Nexus devices which had a significant camera bump that protruded from the back. The latter is expected to be offered in three color variants; white, black and a new color option called electric blue. The new Nexus line is expected to be launched at Google s event next month and if rumors are true, it will be the best one from Google yet. Amazon, Advance Auto Parts, BlackBerry, Apple and Alphabet highlighted as ... For Immediate Release

Chicago, IL   July 06, 2016   Zacks Equity Research highlights Amazon (AMZN) as the Bull of the Day and Advance Auto Parts (AAP) as the Bear of the Day. In addition, Zacks Equity Research provides analysis on BlackBerry Ltd. (BBRY), Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL).

Here is a synopsis of all five stocks:

Bull of the Day :

As Amazon (AMZN) finally starts turning the valves on profit and generating strong new sources of revenue through AWS, the numbers are impressive.

This year's estimated sales haul is expected to top $134 billion, representing 25.5% annual growth.

And the EPS growth shows more of those sales hitting the bottom line with 330% projected profit acceleration.

It was the bump in the 2016 EPS consensus from $4.60 to $5.38 in the past 90 days that kept AMZN shares a Zacks #2 Rank or higher in the second quarter.

Now, with the upward nudge for 2017 estimates from $9.64 to $9.82, representing 83% EPS growth for next year, AMZN is back to a Zacks #1 Rank.

Amazon Smashes 1Q Earnings Estimates, AWS Still The Star

Amazon s first-quarter EPS of 1.07 beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $0.61 by 75%. The North America and AWS segments were strong contributors to profits while investments in international continued. Non operating income also increased.

The company continued to impress investors as a leading provider of cloud infrastructure services to enterprise customers. The Amazon Web Services (AWS) business generated revenue of $2.56 billion in Q1, growing at over 60% year over year in each of the last four quarters.

Even more encouraging is the fact that AWS generates much stronger margins than the traditional retail business, which should remain a positive for the company s profitability as it continues to grow in the mix.

This is despite the fact that Amazon has been consistently slashing prices to deal with growing competition, particularly from Microsoft and Google. This business is a major reason for the upward revision to analyst estimates since the company last reported earnings.

And the optimistic analyst outlook our AWS is projected into 2017 with 20% projected sales growth of over $160 billion.

Bear of the Day:

Advance Auto Parts (AAP) is a Zacks #5 Rank (Strong Sell) whose shares may be in for a fall as they just hit an eight-month resistance ceiling at $165 and earnings estimates continue to come down.

In the last 60 days, full year 2016 EPS estimates have dropped from $8.81 to $7.80. And 2017 profit projections fell from $9.78 to $8.67.

Here's the background on why analysts took EPS estimates down over 10% for the next two years...

On May 19, Advance Auto Parts reported a 5% increase in adjusted earnings to $2.51 per share in the first quarter of fiscal 2016 (ended Apr 23, 2016) from $2.39 in the prior-year quarter. However, the figure missed the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $2.61. Adjusted net earnings improved 5.5% to $186.1 million from $176.5 million in the first quarter of fiscal 2015.

Revenues dropped 1.9% year over year to $2.98 billion and fell short of the Zacks Consensus Estimate of $3.01 billion. The decline resulted from a fall in comparable store sales. Comparable store sales slipped 1.9% in the reported quarter as against 0.7% growth recorded a year ago. The drop in comparable store sales was due to service shortfall and lower demand resulting from unfavorable weather.

Guidance Lowered

Advance Auto Parts expects comparable store sales to be in the range of negative 3% to negative 5%, lower than the previous forecast of low-single digits growth. The revised outlook is based on the company s performance in the reported quarter. The company no longer expects to achieve its adjusted operating margin target of 12% and free cash flow of $500 million.

Additionally, it expects to incur capital expenditures in the band of $260 $280 million in fiscal 2016. Income tax rate will likely be in the range of 37.5% 38%.

Additional content:

BlackBerry Kills Off Classic Smartphone, Stock Down 3%

On Tuesday, shares of smartphone maker BlackBerry Ltd. (BBRY) are falling, down over 3% in afternoon trading after the company announced it will discontinue the BlackBerry Classic, an iconic cell phone that was a popular choice among consumers before the touchscreen smartphone, and known for its iconic QWERTY keyboard.

Read More Google acquires Paris-based startup Moodstocks  
2016-05-04
Alphabet Inc. Chairman on 6 Future Technology Trends Prediction: Livestock ... Alphabet Inc Chief Executive, Eric Schmidt, is a technology expert known for his accuracy in predicting the future trends in technology. This time, he lists 6 trends that will become headlines in technology niche for a few years to come. Trend no. 4 is just around the corner.

1. People eat less meat

According to Schmidt, people will be more dependent on plant-based nutrition which means, they will eat less meat as a source of nutrition. The consumption cut will also result in reduced greenhouse effect.

2. Technology will be used in extensive ranges of learning courses

Technology, according to the academia, is a medium that can help better learning. Microsoft has started layering education process after sending Minecraft to classrooms. The CNN Money reported that teachers can use Minecraft to teach anything from math to geography. And for the students, they can work inside or outside of the class. Schmidt highlights this trend as a personalized aid that can help teacher-student to find their own effective ways in learning.

3. 3D Printer that reduces project cost and saves time

With the birth of 3D printers, it will help to accurately structure a building using recyclable materials. This means, industries can print huge size of 3D prints for residential and commercial buildings. It will save more time and energy.

4. The cars that self-drive

There are only a few numbers of autonomous cars available today but many manufacturers are looking forward to affordable vehicles that will enable self-driving mode and reduce accidents. Schmidt has a reason of saying this since Google has teamed up with car maker, Fiat Chrysler in developing self-driving cars.

5. Health kits on smartphones

Apple has launched ResearchKit and Carekit - the platforms that enable users to monitor symptoms and keep tabs on medication process, as reported by Tech Crunch. Technology will have a huge influence in empowering medical sector.

6. VR and Augmented Reality will grow big by numbers; not only in video games but also in various industries

The VR has taken entertainment to another level and the augmented reality could be playing a huge role in education and vehicle industries. The future of Virtual Reality is clear as for the augmented reality; it will determine its segment soon. 
2016-11-06
Alphabet Inc's CapitalG Reveals Investment In Snapchat Advertisement

The venture arm of Alphabet Inc   CapitalG, previously known as Google Capital   is quietly making inroads into the mobile messaging service arena and has invested in Snap Inc, the company which owns Snapchat.

Rumors were rife in 2013 that Google attempted to acquire Snapchat for $4 billion, and now it seems that its parent company Alphabet's venture capital arm CapitalG has managed to sink its teeth into the company.

For the unfamiliar, Snapchat is one of the most popular messaging apps around. Its popularity with millennials largely hinges on the fact that users can share photos on their smartphone, which can disappear in an instant after opening.

On Nov. 4, the fact that CapitalG had invested in Snap came to light once the former announced its rebranding in a social media post and covertly included Snapchat's logo in the portfolio section of the website.

"CapitalG invests in people who are passionate about using technology to change the way we live and companies that are harnessing the technologies of tomorrow. We meet with entrepreneurs from all over the world and are currently partnering with companies in the USA, China and India," notes the portfolio section.

The Snapchat icon, with its ghost imprint against a yellow backdrop, can be seen nestled between the Airbnb and MultiPlan logos. Several other companies that have financial backing from Alphabet, such as Glassdoor, SurveyMonkey, pindrop, Practo and more, are also listed on the page.

Interestingly, when you click on the logos of other companies on the CapitalG portfolio page, you are directed to additional details on the company in focus. However, when you click on the logo particularly for Snapchat, there is no additional info.

There is no mention of Snapchat anywhere else on CapitalG's website either. This could be because CapitalG has not officially announced that it has invested in Snap, and it is unclear as to when Google had actually invested in the company. Details of how much money CapitalG has pumped, or will be pumping, into Snapchat as part of the investment is also not known.

Google did not offer any detailed insights on the rebranding of Google Capital to CapitalG and merely announced the change in a post on Google+.

"Though our name has changed, our goal remains the same: to make returns-driven investments in leading companies around the world and help entrepreneurs rapidly grow their businesses," wrote CapitalG.

The old domain GoogleCapital.com will now redirect you to CapitalG.com, and one can also stay updated with a @CapitalGTweets account, which replaces the Twitter account for Google Capital.

Hopefully, CapitalG will soon spill the beans on the amount it has invested in Snap Inc., along with other details of the investment.

  2017 Tech Times, All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission. 
2016-01-14
3 Fintech Companies to Watch in 2016 Industry trends are immensely powerful forces. In many cases, the weakest company in a strong industry will see its stock outperform the strongest company in a weak industry. This is yet another reason why it s imperative that you pay attention to big trends before delving into a firm's key metrics such as market cap, stock price history, income statement, etc.

If you have the trend right   which should require minimal research   then it s time to conduct deep-dive research in order to determine which company s stock is likely to perform the best. This research should include reading SEC filings, listening to conference calls, and looking at key stats.

Fortunately, financial technology   fintech for short   is on the rise. This pertains to increased convenience and speed for things like payment processing and lending, as well as automated wealth management. At least one of the stocks below might offer above-average potential in 2016. (For related reading, see: 10 Fintech Companies to Watch in 2016.)

All numbers below as of Jan. 4, 2016.

PayPal

PayPal Holdings, Inc. (PYPL) is a pure-play in the payment processing arena. PayPal has two massive trends working in its favor: the digitalization of money and the continuous usage of mobile devices. In regards to the latter, only 1% of PayPal s transactions took place on mobile devices five years ago. In the company s most recent quarter, that percentage rose to approximately 33%. The runway for mobile payment is quite long.

PayPal is a global bank that offers safe transactions, speed, increased convenience, and overall modernity. The stock has actually depreciated 7.44% since its (second) IPO back in July, but revenue and net income are both heading north, and the company reported 173 million users in its last quarter, which was an increase of 16 million over the year-ago quarter.

There might be some bumps in the road due to external events, but PayPal is a long-term winner. If you exclude macroeconomic conditions and the impact those factors might have on its stock price, PayPal is likely a no-brainer. (For related reading, see: PayPal vs. Venmo: Function vs. Fun.)

Square

Square, Inc. (SQ), which targets small businesses with its payment technology, would be more of an industry-strength play. This is a point-of-sale software company that s in-line with the growth in digital. It manages digital receipts, inventory, and sales reports. It also offers analytics and feedback.

SQ has depreciated 15.42% since its IPO in November. Unlike PayPal, Square is not profitable. And while there is $174.08 million in cash versus no long-term debt, operational cash flow generation over the past 12 months has been negative $18.96 million. The good news is that fiscal-year earnings estimates have improved to a loss of $0.81 per share from a loss of $1.36 per share.

Overall, Square offers potential, but investing in an unprofitable company in this environment is going to present risks. PYPL is likely to be a better option. (For related reading, see: Square vs. Stripe.)

LendingClub

LendingClub Corp. (LC) eases the transaction process between the lender and the borrower. The concept is good but the timing is not. Additionally, LC has depreciated 53.71% over the past 12 months. You never want to catch a falling knife. It can take years for negative stock momentum to reverse course. Additionally, LC is currently trading at 55 times forward earnings; the company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 4.03; and it has reported losses in three of the last four quarters.

LendingClub is only being mentioned here because it falls into the fintech category and the short interest is 27.74%. If LendingClub surprised everyone with good news, then it would likely lead to a short squeeze. However, relying on short squeezes when you're long risky stocks is not a profitable strategy and should be avoided.

The Bigger Picture

Other players in fintech include Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL). These obviously aren t pure-play financial tech firms, but they do offer a great deal of diversification. These bigger names are better suited for investors who are more interested in slow and steady opposed to parabolic moves. It s also important to note that large banks are likely to acquire smaller growth companies in the fintech space. This wouldn t just be for growth, but as defensive moves. (For related reading, see: The 3 Best Stocks to Buy and Hold and Never Let Go.)

The Bottom Line

Fintech is undoubtedly a hot industry. While a hot industry has the potential to carry the majority of stocks within it higher, it would make sense to invest in the best of breed. In this case, that would be PayPal. For the record, I don t currently own PYPL, but I m considering initiating a position at some point in the near future. Please do your own research prior to making any investment decisions. (For related reading, see: Facebook's New Social for the New Year.)

Dan Moskowitz does not have any positions in PYPL, SQ, LC, AAPL or GOOGL. 
2016-11-30
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Pixel Has Serious Upside Potential 

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Pixel Has Serious Upside Potential



Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Pixel Has Serious Upside Potential

2016-11-29

 

Pixel devices claimed more than 7.5 percent of activations at Verizon stores over the past month, reported Wave7.



Wave7 credits "aggressive promotions" for the uptick in activations. Google and Verizon spent $15 million and $12 million, respectively, in the period between October 27 and November 2, more or less confirming reports from early October suggesting that the two would spend "hundreds of millions" on advertising in the coming weeks.   Pixel devices claimedat Verizon stores over the past month, reported Wave7.Wave7 credits "aggressive promotions" for the uptick in activations. Google and Verizon spent $15 million and $12 million, respectively, in the period between October 27 and November 2, more or less confirming reports from early October suggesting that the two would spendin the coming weeks.

 

We're thrilled to see the excitement for our new Pixel phones, and frankly pre-order demand has exceeded our expectations. We're working to restock our inventory as soon as possible.   We're thrilled to see the excitement for our new Pixel phones, and frankly pre-order demand has exceeded our expectations. We're working to restock our inventory as soon as possible.

Wall Street is missing the Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) secret that is in plain sight. A full version of this dossier is available on CML Pro , but some critical points are satill made here.By now we all know that Alphabet Inc's Google has released its Google Phone, called Pixel. The reviews have been quite good. The phone is priced at the very high end, like the Samsung Galaxy series and the Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone.We're even getting some forecasts out of Morgan Stanley that bode quite well for Google. But, even with this information in plain sight, it appears that Wall Street is simply unable to digest the reality that this new product could be enterprise changing for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL).First, there is this absurd narrative circling that smartphones are doomed to be the next PCs -- a dying technology replaced with newer looks, designs and specs. Here is the PC market via our friends at Statista:The PC market is in decline and will continue to be. But, that is not at all emblematic of the smartphone market. Check out this chart from Statista: smartphone growth forecasts.I don't know what else to say other than, the smartphone market is growing, not shrinking. But it goes way further. Those details on mobile broadband subscriptions are in the CML Pro dossier.Let's put that "the smartphone is dying" narrative to bed. That falsehood will cost us money in our investing because it is incorrect. Now, onto Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL).We have an entire CML Pro dossier Google Has a Huge New Upside Weapon dedicated to this opportunity, but it's time we went yet further.Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) has seen a down trend in unit sales, but the company still sold 212 million iPhones in the last year, generating over $136in that same period.Samsung actually sells many more phones than Apple Inc, but it has a full menu of types, from quite inexpensive to the very high end Galaxy 7 and Notes. Rough estimates put Samsung's Galaxy and Note sales above or equal to Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhones. Let's call it an even split at the high end, meaning between Apple Inc and Samsung, about 450 million high end phones have been sold in the last year by the two dominant players.Alphabet Inc's Google Pixel has been given the imprimatur of the tech critic crowd, placing it directly in competition with the Android Samsung flagships and the Apple Inc iPhones. In English, the Google Pixel is a legitimate substitution threat.Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak came out with a note that forecasts Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) will sell 5 to 6 million Pixels next year. I don't know where that number came from, but suffice it say it was likely done with great care, expertise, experience and due diligence. There's only one thing about it --If Morgan Stanley is right, Alphabet Inc's Google Pixel will generate just under $4 billion in sales next year, or 5% (ish) of last year's revenue just from hardware. Brian Nowak's note actually pointed out quite shrewdly the large revenue opportunity Google has from the Pixel well beyond the hardware sales, but let's just be blind and focus on phone sales.With the exploding Samsung Note debacle and the strong reviews for the Google Pixel and a total market size of nearly 500 million high end iPhones or Samsung phones, I think the 5-6 million unit sales for Alphabet Inc and its Google Pixel are way too low and here's why:There is research from several sources pointing to a building success for Pixel. Let's start with an article from Kyle Wiggers at Digital Trends from November 22, 2016 (emphasis added):The research goes further to point out that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google could see up to. But, we also have data put straight from the source. Here's what Google announced on October 25th, 2016:The only thing really holding Pixel back is the fact that it comes ready for use only from Verizon. Consumers can get a 'agnostic' Pixel from Google directly and then sign up with which ever carrier they like, but having it in the stores and ready to go is a huge deal. In fact, while Verizon claimed that 7.5% activation level, Sprint and others have been less than 2%. Shame on Google.If Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) will see Pixel sell 4 million units in its first quarter ever, analysts are discounting that number moving forward because it's the holiday season where everything spikes cyclically. But here's where they may be wrong.The Pixel is in a market were 450 million units will be sold next year, and it's just starting out. It is not on a cyclical revenue trend (yet), it is on a straight up trend. For the full year of 2017, we have a very different estimate available in the full CML Pro dossier.Here's more context. Way back in calendar Q4 of 2008, when the smartphone market was still in its infancy, Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) reported-- that was its second holiday season, up from 1.1 million in its first holiday season.If Alphabet Inc Google will hit 4 million units in its first holiday season, it's not hard to believe that the Pixel will sell a much larger number than that 6.9 million units Apple sold for Q4 2017 alone.It doesn't happen very often, if ever, but the second largest company in the world by market cap may have just uncovered a product that will nearly instantly bring in substantially larger revenue growth on its own (actual estimates provided in the CML Pro dossier.If that's the case, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stock has legs to rise, and quite substantially.The author has no position in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and is long shares of Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL). Weekly Options Traders Target Netflix, Inc. and Alphabet Inc Over the past few weeks, we've been keeping an extra close eye on "FANG" stocks, as the four securities all pulled back from recent highs following this month's election results in the U.S. And these popular names have continued to offer near-term options at a relative bargain, while staying atop key levels of technical support. Today, we're checking back in on Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), where options in the weekly 12/2 series are especially hot.

Starting with NFLX, the shares are 0.4% lower at $117.10, after the company announced it will now allow some shows and movies to be downloaded for offline viewing. The stock is still in positive year-to-date territory, and has been holding comfortably above its 40-day moving average since September. Just over half of the analysts tracking NFLX seem to be in its bullish corner, but plenty of room for upgrades remain -- with 14 brokerage firms sitting on ratings of a "hold" or worse.

Taking a look at the stock's options pits reveals near-term traders have been unusually put-heavy toward NFLX, per the stock's Schaeffer's put/call open interest ratio (SOIR) of 1.01 -- higher than 78% of the past year's readings. Meanwhile, it remains an attractive time to purchase short-term options, as the security's Schaeffer's Volatility Index (SVI) of 29% is seated in the low 7th percentile of its annual range -- meaning premium is pricing in low volatility expectations at the moment.

Today, NFLX options are changing hands at roughly the expected intraday rate, with the weekly 12/2 series dominating the action. In fact, the stock's 10 most active options all reside in this weekly series. In the lead is the 120-strike call, where it appears a mix of buy- and sell-to-open action is taking place. Buyers of the call are betting on Netflix, Inc. to rally above the $120 mark before the close this Friday, when the option expires, while sellers are looking for the round-number level to serve as a short-term ceiling for the shares.

GOOGL is slumping today, last seen off 1.5% at $777.82, amid reports that more than one million Google user accounts have been compromised due to downloads of malicious software on Android devices. Still, GOOGL stock is trading above support at its 160-day moving average, as well as the $775 level, which is near its year-to-date breakeven mark. The security remains surrounded with optimism from Wall Street, as 93% of following brokerages maintain a "buy" or better rating. Plus, short interest represents a mere 0.5% of GOOGL's available float.

There seems to be a fair amount of pessimism among options players, however. At the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX), GOOGL's 10-day put/call volume ratio of 0.90 ranks in the 94th annual percentile. That said, it s possible some shareholders have been picking up puts to protect against another pullback. Near-term options buyers are also scoring a bargain with GOOGL, as the stock's SVI of 18% rests within the bottom 1% of all readings taken in the past 12 months.

GOOGL calls are slightly accelerated this afternoon, and options traders are busy targeting short-term bets. Specifically, eight of the stock's 10 most popular options belong to the weekly 12/2 series. Most active are the 800- and 790-strike calls, with a mix of buying and selling spotted at each. While call sellers are looking for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to stay put or slide lower, call buyers are hoping the shares can manage a weekly close above the respective strike prices -- a feat the stock hasn't managed since late October. Here's Why These Stock Giants Should Be On Your Radar: Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN ... Each week Forcerank runs a variety of games covering different industries. What we have found, is that the top three ranked companies in their respective games deliver the biggest positive price movement for that week. This week the winners feature popular names like Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS).

Amazon.com, Inc.

Early reports points to healthy retail trends following the pivotal Thanksgiving weekend. Online sales from both Black Friday and Cyber Monday are on track to hit a record $12.7 billion, a testament to consumer s spending habits and ecommerce environment. Amazon has already indicated that sales would surpass figures posted last year during this time. As a result Amazon finds its way back to the top of the ecommerce contest for a second consecutive week .The retail giant had been hit hard following the election results as many investors believed a Trump Administration would place trade restrictions that would greatly hinder sales growth. Amazon has almost fully recovered its losses and appears to be back on its way to $1000 price per share. Shares are now closing in on $800 where it will be met with a gap up that needs to be filled. In recent news, Amazon is exploring the option of providing a live sports package for prime members. This is an unprecedented move as live sports have been the last piece of traditional cable packages that has not been replaced by a digital platform. Amazon s robust portfolio of products and services that continue to grow has put the tech giant in the driver s seat moving forward.

Alphabet Inc

Alphabet formerly known as Google finds its way up the hardware game to the second position this week just behind Amazon. Google s success has historically been tied to its search business which dominates all other companies in this facet. More recently though Alphabet has been trying out new projects which they so eloquently call moonshots. Its most recent attempt is the Pixel phone and Google home assistant each of which have received rave review in their albeit short history on the market. Morgan Stanley made statements earlier this week that it estimates the Pixel would generate almost $4 billion in revenue next year. That s nowhere near the grossing power of the iPhone but would be a good start for its first attempt at a phone. Black Friday and Cyber Monday will certainly help sales during the quarter which was otherwise looking gloomy. Shares also appear to be following this positive momentum. A breakout in on balance volume in mid November along with a bullish crossover in the MACD support plenty of upside. The stock s 6 month volume profile also validates a 1.5% increase to $805 per share.

Goldman Sachs Group Inc

The entire financial sector has boomed in the month following Trump s shocking election victory. Shares of the XLF, which tracks major banks and financial institutions, is up 12% in the past 30 days after a relatively flat year beforehand. No bank has benefited more than Goldman Sachs though. The stock is up nearly 20% since the election with no signs of dropping off anytime soon. On balance volume and the MACD continue to form new peaks as shares make new 52 week highs. Forcerank user s positioned the investment bank atop the financial contests with an average ranking of 4.08, compared to 4.5 the week prior. Investors would be wise to remain cautious though given relative strength index has broken 80, the threshold that indicates a stock is overbought. Alphabet's (GOOG) Management presents at Credit Suisse Technology, Media and ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Credit Suisse Technology, Media and Telecom Conference

November 29, 2016 4:30 PM ET

Executives

Sridhar Ramaswamy - Senior Vice President, Ads and Commerce of Google Inc.

Analysts

Stephen Ju - Credit Suisse Securities

Operator

Stephen Ju

Okay. Right. I think we are going to go ahead and started. I am Stephen Ju with the Credit Suisse Internet Equity Research team. And welcome to the conversation with Sridhar Ramaswamy, Senior Vice President of Advertising and Commerce of Google. Before we start I'll read out the Safe Harbor statement. Some of the statements that Mr. Ramaswamy will make today may be considered forward looking. These statements involved a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially. Any forward looking statements that Mr. Ramaswamy makes are based on assumptions as of today and Alphabet undertakes no obligation to update them. Please refer to Alphabet's Form 10-K for a discussion of the risk factors that may affect its results. So before we kick it off I think there maybe some of you who may not be as familiar with Sridhar's role at Google. So I wanted to kick it off with the bio. Sridhar oversees all of Google's advertising and commerce products which includes Search, Display, Video advertising, Analytics, Shopping, Payment and Travel. He joined Google as an engineer back in 2003 and since then he has been an integral part of the growth of the Adverts and Google's advertising businesses. Prior to joining Google Sridhar was Director of Engineering for the Analytics platform at E.piphany. He also held research positions at Bell Labs, Lucent Technologies, Bell Communications Research, Bell Corp. Sridhar earned a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science from the Indian Institute of Technology, Madras and he has the Master Degree of Science and PhD in Computer Science from Brown University. He has also published numerous papers on database system and database theory, and holds several patents in that area. Also another preamble in plus one I promise, we are launching a new piece of technology this year in which you can fire up the CS technology app conference app and type in your questions. So open your app and the hit agenda at the bottom of the screen, and locate the session on the schedule and once you click it, you will see an option for live call and Q&A. Click on that and you could submit questions for Sridhar obviously. So that without any further ado we start the Q&A.

So Sridhar we have seen you present at the Google performance summit as well as other industry meeting. But this is probably the first time that's you are speaking in world full of investors. So will you give us quick glimpse into your day-to-day responsibilities and where you spend most of your time?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Thank you, Stephen.

Stephen Ju

Thank you.

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Glad to be here. I run the Ads and Commerce team and when I speak about priorities both within my team and to external group we as a team focus on key areas like search, video advertising, programmatic advertising and app install at the most. And much of the focus of my team over the past couple of years has been on mobile that's where the growth is, that's not very surprising. And so a lot of the time that I end up spending in day-to-day is on product development and commercialization of our product in these key areas. We made -- we continue to make large and dramatic changes to our products. I think the pace of innovation is really is its strength and a necessity because the world around is changing so rapidly. So a lot of time is spent on product development, else I work very closely with Philipp Schindler who is the Head of Sales on how we actually take these products and commercialize them and take it to advertiser and make sure that they realize the value that we think our product can provide for them.

Stephen Ju

Understood. Now two years ago we had Neal Mohan here on stage. He talked about one of the priorities that Google is to crack brand advertising. Where we are now versus two years ago? What do you think the remaining pain point is, what problem, do you feel like you still need to solve for your advertiser?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Yes. A lot of our brand advertising strategy unsurprisingly is centered around YouTube which is just an amazing, amazing consumer property with so incredible growth. We've talked about mobile growth being in the many, many ten of percent for example. And so our brand advertising has been focused on things like how do we get our largest advertiser to reach the kind of audience that they increasingly cannot reach with traditional TV. And YouTube and Google are doing very well in video advertising but I would say it's still pretty early. Just this year we've announced a lot of product changes. We are very excited about a new format called bumpers to the six second ad that we think is very, very suitable for mobile and program like Google prefer continued to do very well in terms of attracting commitment and TV dollars. But you are going to see a lot more change come through in how brand advertising is doing. I'd say we are doing well. We have build in large relationships with some of the largest brand advertisers in the world but it's still early. There are still lots more opportunity and growth.

Stephen Ju

Got you. You talked about the rate of change before and need to keep I mean Google has been a very heavy investor in AI so when you talk about your advancement here and machine learning and how this is helping you and your team whether it's in a rollout of consumer facing product or towards to help advertisers to take better decisions.

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Yes. So ads is one of the earliest and largest users of machine learning at Google and frankly the world. This is because we've been very intimately involved with things like predicting click through race of ad which was how good an ad is for a consumer. And we've done this from very early on because we've also used this predicted click through race to price ad. So machine learning has been an integral part of the ad system pretty much since the time I joined. And gosh that was like 2003. And as new ways of machine learning whether it is algorithm based on boosting or more recently algorithm based on deep learning and neural network have been developed. We are often either an early adopters of this technology. And so deep learning and neural networks now are an integral part of how ads are served both on search and on display. And we continue to work closely with these teams. So we've developed many of these innovations ourselves because it has such a big impact on us. But we continue to work closely with these teams to take the latest and greatest in their technologies and make our prediction algorithm more and more efficient. I would say again keeping up with the pace of change that's going on here is really important. And yield rich dividends for the ads team and for Google.

Stephen Ju

Got you. Now on to some of the more recent controversies and topics from investor. Take a step back and look at what spurt Google's advertising revenue growth over the last 24 months or so, some of that see like it has come from an increase an ad load on both search and as well as YouTube. We are not used to think about Google running out of inventory any point soon but how worry should investors be in terms of hitting some sort of ceiling when you tick the sponsored links from two to three and four in some cases.

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Yes. So it is really important and I've stressed this in meetings with many of you, I stress this to my team, I stress this again externally that we put the user first when it comes to consumer experience. So we've developed elaborate methodologies that we've published papers on for things like ad blindness the cost of serving ad to users. And we always optimize for the long term. While it is true that we are serving four top ads for ads for example on a very small fraction of queries and you can determine this number empirically yourself just by running or basket a query. I point out that, that is a very small number and the total number or the total fraction of queries on which we show ads overall has more or less remain constant over the last 10 years because user behavior in terms of what they search for in terms of commercial content hasn't really changed a whole lot. And we think of ourselves as very careful steward of the user experience and we have the mathematical expertise to actually figure out do the change like this good for the long term, what's okay and what's not okay. And we're pretty happy with the trade-off that we've made over the past many years.

Stephen Ju

Got you. Back to the topic of brand advertising in TV in particular. TV ads dollars seems very resilient despite what looks like ongoing declines in ratings so can you help us reconcile this with the growth rate that YouTube is experiencing?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

It's one of those cases that I am -- I don't particularly feel like this has to be an either/ or increasingly if people want to reach audiences of a certain age, the younger audience for example, YouTube is kind of the place to be. And the reach that YouTube offer, again we've published stats on this in terms of things like the 18 to 34 years old demographic stay on mobile that is larger than that of any cable TV channel. It is pretty remarkable. So we have been very good at providing advertising for a very large set of our clients. Regarding there going to be a mass shift from TV this year versus that year that question tends to vary by country. In Western Europe I think TV is still well more established and in the US we also see more and more people coming up with unbundled packages for consumer to use and stuff like that. I think there is a big conversion that's going on. So it might end up being the case that there is not really like one moment in time where there is a mass shift where everybody are out feature those technique in a pretty big way.

Stephen Ju

Got you. Another topic that's recent topic on investors mind. I think everybody is pretty consumed with the topic of seeing the anniversarying of the benefits that Google saw from the additional sponsor links, another quarter of last year. I think recent performance on you were on stage to introduce an array of new products and services updates including spend at text ad, and the ability to bid individually across different devices. So will you give us an updates on how these initiatives are going?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Yes. Back to the point of needing to innovate continuously, this is still a very nascent field. Mobile commerce is still evolving. We'll talk a little bit more later on about what we like my team is doing to make mobile commerce more efficient. But we think we need to continue to drive the user experience forward. So at the performance summit we introduced what we call enhance text ad, a new format two little separate headlines more suitable for mobile, a cleaned up visible overall, while they seem like cosmetic changes trying to get a business that is tens of billions of dollars large to shift completely over from an old format to a new format is the change that we are in the process of making. It's going pretty well. Advertising are seeing pretty positive results in many cases from this. Similarly tablet bidding was a control that many of our advertisers wanted. They felt like they could realize differential value from doing this. And so that's going pretty well. Things like remarketing for search ad, the top acronym of RLSA that is also something that a lot of advertisers are taking advantage off. In addition, we've also done continue to work on innovation within the core of how mobile search ad work. All of these have kept the momentum going in there. And things like to enhance text ad migration. We expect to be well on our way to finishing it up in the first half of next year. I think overall good positive momentum in the ecosystem. And good positive momentum in the value that advertisers are getting from all.

Stephen Ju

Okay. So I think there is in some quarters and like there is perception that there is lurch forward because of a new product innovation but the case that you want to make is one of continues innovation.

Sridhar Ramaswamy

And again as an engineer and product leader at Google, I focus on how you can get the most changes out the fastest. When you start worrying about a year-on-year comparison, a nice change you are about to launch you are in trouble. There is clearly -- there is a strong belief on the product management on the part of my team that we will continue to drive that innovation forward. And that's really what we push for.

Stephen Ju

Got you. You've also spoken at conferences about being mobile first at Google. Does this open a possibilities for Google to better address the roughly 85% of commerce that is not yet happening online. To the extent, you have introduced new features to help advertisers track store visits. What has been the reaction from advertisers and how nascent is this opportunity for you?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Yes. So I talked in a number of places about how mobile can drive an enormous amount of local commerce as Stephen said 80% plus of commerce happens locally and advertising clearly influence the some of it but how do you create product that actually make a measurable difference to retailers. So we've worked on things like local inventory ads which are now a three year old product that helps you see what is available from the stores around you. In addition, we've done things like put location extension when you search for a store or a particular product so that advertisers can tell you, hey; this product a bicycle is actually available in the store that is next to you. So based on our location data that we get from people that use our apps and phone, we release a product called store visit about I think two Decembers ago on 2014. And we've been scaling it up to more and more countries and it have been in 11 countries. So roughly speaking an advertiser can see how many store visits to their location that they give that actually driven by click that happened on their app. That's one thing to be, a lot of them are very happy to see this metric. But of course there are a follow up questions of how much of this is incremental. How do you value this in the context of the advertising dollars that I am spending overall? Probably we are able to make the math work for them where they take things like average out of value that a consumer spends when they walk in to a store and back out of value that they should be putting into bidding our spending. But as you can imagine this is a complicated process because most retailers manage their local store budget, advertising budget completely different from their online budget. And it's really this conversation that we are in the process of driving. I'd say they are still early nascent conversations. How to turn it all into a kind of efficient feedback loop that Google search advertising is so famous for. That's a work in progress.

Stephen Ju

Understood. Building on the offline commerce discussion I think Google has recently taken steps to show advertising on maps.

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Yes.

Stephen Ju

How is this progressing and what are the challenges to monetize map effectively?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

It's still super early. We are very conscious of the need to be again very thoughtful about user experience and user value. And efforts announced and some of the reporters were like oh are you going to show ads that are driving direction that might be distracting. So we are still iterating on the format. We are running a number of experiments. It's pretty early to say anything definite about it. But it is an area that we'll continue to invest in. You'll see more about in the next few --

Stephen Ju

Got you. Let's talk about travel. Switch gears a little bit. So you've recently released Google Trips which help --

Sridhar Ramaswamy

The app

Stephen Ju

The app itself which helps consumer plans their trips better. Seemed like to me that between flight and hotel search and the underlying pieces are there for Google to create probably an inter modal search engine. If I wanted to go on to trip Barcelona, I need just to been in Barcelona, you should be able to put together the entire trip for me. Is Google Trips basically the first step towards that goal?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

So I'll place this into a larger context of mobile search needing to satisfy your goal or your task as opposed to answering a query that you have currently. This is a vision that Larry has talked about before publicly a vision of assist and suggests where we do more than answer a query. What you are seeing in travel is one expression of that. And this is where you see the full strength of Google come into play. Google flight is an amazing product. It can answer questions that most other search engine, flight search engine cannot really answer on questions like I want to go a funny place or what are all the locations I can flight to from San Francisco within a certain budget range. So we are pretty excited by that. We are pretty excited by our ability to make recommendations to you. For example, if you visit a new place and use a trip app you can come up with the list of essentially highlight all new that you can go and visit and have been pleasantly surprised I have gone to different towns and realized wow there is dam right next door. So I think we are interested first and foremost in creating a great consumer experience. We think things like monetization in areas like hotels and other places that we might look at that naturally come. So our scale product is still search and if we can help you do a great job in terms of planning a trip whether its flight or hotel or other attraction, I think we actually have done a pretty significant job. But if we can even convince you as a consumer to use the trips app and have all of that information available even offline mind you, one of the things that all of us run into as we go to new place, our plan quite doesn't work and it becomes a struggle to actually use our phone. Trips apps make that easy as well. So it's part of larger consumer vision of what we think travel can be. And we've been very much at the mentality of if we get the product right we will get monetization opportunity.

Stephen Ju

Yes. Well, here is to hoping that it is the next step billion dollar -- a billion user platform some dark in highlight --

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Our hope as well.

Stephen Ju

Okay, got you. So talking about assistance, as you look longer term you talked about mobile first world, are we moving to a voice driven world and in that world what kind of ad units do you think Google might be serving?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

I think we need to be open minded about this. At this point, the assistance team and there is an assistance team within my group as well. And the main assistance team is part of the search team. They are laser focused on creating an amazing consumer experience, on making sure that experience is really, really a joy for people to be using. We are keeping an open mind about the kind of monetization opportunity that they are going to be. I think it can range from being purely transactional meaning we make it convenient for you to fulfill a transaction with this assistance or it can involve promotion. But one thing that we are all clear about is the days of three top text ads followed by 10 organic results is a thing of the past in the voice driven world. So we are very much keeping an open mind on what this needs to be and focusing much more on what's the consumer experience, it's scale, we'll figure that as we talk about.

Stephen Ju

Yes. It seems like to me if you make it easier for the consumers to do something they should be doing more of it.

Sridhar Ramaswamy

That's correct. I mean this was our thesis for mobile. If people think there are lot of worries about it was mobile incremental, was it taking away from desktop but it turned out that mobile expanded the pie. We need to have a similar positive attitude towards wide search and assistant and focus on creating great consumer experience.

Stephen Ju

Yes. Another sort of topic let's talk about ad blocker. So seems like for search and YouTube it should not be a huge problem but it does affect your display business. The fact that consumers opting to use ad blocker as a single for change right. What can Google do help the consumer as well as the advertisers?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Yes. It is a real problem. And as you correctly point out it is consumer-ish. I think there are still too many site in which the ad experience is pretty ad. Whether its ads that start auto playing a video or ads that completely color up a screen and you can't quite find the ad, all of us have been through it and it can be very frustrating. So we announced recently just a couple of months ago that we are going to be a part of coalition that the IAB in New York which is a US advertising body, we are starting, this is coalition for better ad. We are working with them to come up with a quantitative standard for what an acceptable ad experience is going to be. And then we want to work with a larger ecosystem of browsers for example to make sure that there is pressure and self regulation on the part of advertisers and publishers to only lead on that consumer don't find offensive. I think that is very, very sorely needed and we think that's the right way out of this current problem. I think without self policing there is going to be more and more bad experiences and more and more consumers turning off ad kind of across the whole. And I think frankly all of us suffer because it is going to drive a lot of small publishers that are valuable site that you and I use on a regular basis out of business. So we feel very passionately that is part of Google's larger mission of making the world's information be available to everybody and so there is some sense of urgency that we feel about getting this coalition right and making sure that it's rolled out right.

Stephen Ju

Yes. And the other product that you introduced recently accelerated mobile pages. How does this help you toward that end goal?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Accelerated mobile pages were an attempt at a much better consumer experience. It started with a narrow vertical in mind, a news vertical and as you see that on results if you search on Google for news. It's been doing very well. And it's based on an open standard, anybody can adopt it, anybody can run accelerate on mobile pages. It doesn't have to be just Google. And people have introduced ad format into accelerated mobile pages. Results are pretty early from that front in terms of how does a monetization compared to the increased number of page views that you get from having faster loading pages. We continue to work on making that better. But in general we think that mobile ecosystem can be made much better for the consumer. And doing that they'll actually lead to increased usage.

Stephen Ju

Understood. Switching topics a little bit. So advertising -- advertisers have been grappling this year with issues around transparency. There are well publicized issues with third party auditing of Facebook compression and recent ANA report about was pre-scatting on the use of rebates by ad agencies. So do you think advertiser concerned about transparency helps or hinders Google's ad business in general?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

So you actually asked a complicated two part question. One was around metric and transparency. We worked closely with third parties, ComScore or Neilson to make sure that the results that we provide for display advertising are measurable, verifiable by third party. We've been very open about that. And recall also that a vast majority of Google's revenue comes from direct response advertising which has built in measurement, it is based on conversion that advertiser see. So values being measured clearly and by the party that is most affected by. So we think we have overall a good story in terms of working with the industry in making sure that metrics that we give for brand advertising are real and verifiable. On the other side when it comes to our interaction with agencies and advertisers we strive for transparency. We don't do secret contracts. We have all of these information be available to folks so that agencies and advertisers can have the right conversation about where these dollars go. So we feel pretty good about where we are on both these fronts. And we'll continue to work with our big advertisers and agencies for making it even more transparent, making sure that people feel like fair value is being realized for their dollars and for their effort.

Stephen Ju

Got you. Another sort of somewhat general question but wondering if you can talk about the underlying trends you are seeing for problematic, Ruth highlighted it as growth drivers in recent earnings conference calls and secondarily header beating comes up as an issue for a display business. So are you concerned -- if you can go into the little bit about what header beating is and how that impacts you and what is your concern?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Yes. So I mean header beating is a technique by which publishers try to satisfy the demand for some of their pages even before things like Google site exchange are called, it is a way for them to realize more value on their most valuable pages. And we have -- header beater by itself is not bad. Its implementation can be bad sometimes in that you end up having a lot of calls on the client site that can slowdown the loading of the page. So we work with publishers to see what all technologies that are needed in the underlying platform. We have a version of header beater called exchange bidding that's built right into our platform product that a number of publishers are using. So we will figure out where this -- this is -- at the end of the day Google's publisher product need to serve publishers. We need to make sure that they can realize the most value that they can for the content and the eyeball that they have. So we don't particularly think of it is a threat to our business. But an important evolution in the business that we are happy to be a part of. Now going to problematic, DBM is one of the process growing problematic products ever. We've talked about it in multiple earnings call. Overall, it has excellent usage by top advertisers; of adage top 100 advertisers something like 80% plus of them used DBM to get widespread adoption. We have very solid growth across the board. It is an area that you are very, very happy and comfortable.

Stephen Ju

Got you. At IO think Google, if it is updates to Android page and make it easier for consumers to pay for merchandize in the mobile app. Anything you can share in terms of consumer adoption and benefits and conversion that advertisers maybe seeing presumably that helps to take down transactional friction overall.

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Yes. Reducing transactional friction is really important priority for the commerce part of my team because that ends up helping scale our advertising product. We announced a pretty ambitious program based on a change to Chrome that can be used to provide a much better payment experience for consumers payment credential. But that requires changes on the part of the retailer. So even before going there I'd highlight a simple feature that we launched in conjunction with the Chrome team which is called payment auto fill. I don't know how many of you have used it but I have my credit card that is stored on Android pay available to me whenever I am filling a credit card form on my phone, also on my desktop. And that is actually been a significant factor in making commerce easier for me and for a lot of other users. We think that's a really important thing for us to be doing. We announced partnership recently with both Visa and Master card in order to facilitate better payment credentials transfer on the web. It is a sad truth of today that in app payments on both Android and IO worked much better than the web, are those to make sure that is actually transparent across the board. We cheer Apple's effort for example to make transactions much better on the mobile web on Safari that makes mobile commerce better overall. And ends up helping everybody in the mobile ecosystem including of course Google. So I think nice progress overall in these areas.

Stephen Ju

Yes. I think at the time you showed up the product at IO I think you disclosed that the gap in a conversion rate is I think 66% versus I think the desktop.

Sridhar Ramaswamy

I don't recall that number.

Stephen Ju

I think there is pretty healthy gap that you can close and that theoretically should help ways the value and ad inventory over web okay. Got you. And another core product that we saw at IO is really didn't get that much press. I think it was like special recognition technology that you have on a phone that helps you I guess plan out or map out to your interiors of buildings. Can you talk about the potential for the commercialization of this technology?

Sridhar Ramaswamy

That's not from -- it is not from my team. I'd say that part is still early but we are definitely interested in much better location data for all the reasons that I talked about earlier because products like search advertising in general can end up driving a lot of store business. We worked extensively with many advertisers to deploy LE bluetooth low energy beacon that can be used to better detect anonymously in aggregate when users actually walk into store. We think location continues to hold a lot of promise but the killer app for location one that compels you to take your phone out when you get to locations hasn't quite happened. And we feel still optimistic about it. But it's been a slow change.

Stephen Ju

Okay. Got you. Taking a step back looking at more global perspective. Seems like in US we are shall we say a little bit overburdened with the existing infrastructure whether it's in commerce or advertising and on some cases the emerging market countries they may skip building and get physical infrastructure and go straight online so like what's your perspective in terms of whether I guess the pace of innovation internationally is faster this year, there is the international franchise going to be faster going for Google.

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Yes. I think this is a really interesting question. And one that brings many different perspective. Truly, yes, we are burdened in a number of areas the things that work pretty well. What I mean by that is when you talk about Android pay you are talking about an experience in which you have to take out your phone, unlock it and then go and tap. Compare that until very recently. We are taking out credit card, swiping it once and three second later the transaction is done, okay. That's the legacy technology except that it works really well. And so something like Android pay or person to person payment is not the math phenomenon that it is in a place like China. Similarly, when it comes to commerce as we were talking you can pretty much order from the top 100, 500, 1000 retailers within the US. And you can be pretty guaranteed of a very good experience. Things will show one time, if you don't like it. People will take it back. Not that case in emerging market. So I think it becomes a little hard to compare. There are many people that are coming online in emerging market who went straight to a mobile only experience. So they are much more comfortable doing commerce. That's a positive but you are also seeing several countries and truly this happen in China where Google doesn't really a play a role where it tends to get dominated by one or two people. And when there is one or two people dominating an area there is not much of foothold for advertising because you have to go there all the time. So I think it's a tough comparison. I think there are many advantages here with the diversified commerce world and well developed infrastructure. But then you also have a population in areas like China and India that's very, very mobile first much more ready for change.

Stephen Ju

I think lastly, Sridhar, I think your title you run all of advertising and commerce and I can't help think that within Google's product portfolio from the top of the consumer marketing funnel to pretty much the bottom, all of the underlying pieces are there for Google to help advertisers drive volume right. So can you talk about where are you in terms of that opportunity linking at all together? Broad question there but --

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Yes. That part -- it is a work in progress. I think a number of pieces are definitely in place. Truly, we do an exceptional job close to the bottom of the funnel. Search is incredibly effective as a medium. We do a pretty decent job close to the top of the funnel where YouTube brand advertising is pretty effective. We are increasingly working at torso product, for example the shopping team has done a number of nice launches to help you client say the look for a dress that you are interested in. Where you don't quite know which you know the exact the dress or shirt that you want but you are able to look at a particular designer or a particular store for collection. So we have efforts along those fronts. We are also working on personalization across these formats and here actually we have a number of products that we are rolling on that have a lot of promise because there is something like universal app campaign. An advertiser tells us here is my app and here is some assets whether its images or videos and here is the price for install that I am willing to pay, go find me all the consumers that you can. All of a sudden now we have a rich canvas in which I can show you a brand ad for this app potentially on YouTube and actually convert you on some other product like search. So we think construct like that the universal app campaign like effort are going to really deliver a product that's much more end-to-end because you now have a canvas that can stretch across all of different Google's property. That's a vision we are driving towards but it's individual pieces that are being worked out.

Stephen Ju

Great. Well, looking forward following a progress in years to come. Thank you very much, Sridhar.

Sridhar Ramaswamy

Thank you.

Question-and-Answer Session

Operator

Q -

Copyright policy: All transcripts on this site are the copyright of Seeking Alpha. However, we view them as an important resource for bloggers and journalists, and are excited to contribute to the democratization of financial information on the Internet. (Until now investors have had to pay thousands of dollars in subscription fees for transcripts.) So our reproduction policy is as follows: You may quote up to 400 words of any transcript on the condition that you attribute the transcript to Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.

THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S CONFERENCE CALL, CONFERENCE PRESENTATION OR OTHER AUDIO PRESENTATION, AND WHILE EFFORTS ARE MADE TO PROVIDE AN ACCURATE TRANSCRIPTION, THERE MAY BE MATERIAL ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR INACCURACIES IN THE REPORTING OF THE SUBSTANCE OF THE AUDIO PRESENTATIONS. IN NO WAY DOES SEEKING ALPHA ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS MADE BASED UPON THE INFORMATION PROVIDED ON THIS WEB SITE OR IN ANY TRANSCRIPT. USERS ARE ADVISED TO REVIEW THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S AUDIO PRESENTATION ITSELF AND THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S SEC FILINGS BEFORE MAKING ANY INVESTMENT OR OTHER DECISIONS. Google Home VS Amazon Echo: Which One Should You Get Published By: Ken Bock on November 30, 2016 01:24 pm EST

If you are currently on the lookout for a smartspeaker, then it is highly likely that you have narrowed down your options to Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo and Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google Home which was recently launched by the giant. In order to make your selection easier, here is a quick comparison of the two smartspeakers with a verdict regarding which device you should purchase.

Design

Despite their minimalistic appearance, both smartspeakers are purposely made to look compact and stylish, which will enhance the appeal of your living room. Google Home measures in at 5.62  inches in length and 3.79-inches in diameter.

The device has a white-colored body, while its base is made out from fabric. Interestingly, its base fabric comes in a host of different colors, so users can rest assure that the smartspeaker will compliment any theme incorpoarted in their house or living room where the device will be set.

On the other hand, Alexa-powered Amazon Echo is 9.3-inches tall and has a diameter of 3.3-inches. Hence, the device is significantly taller compared to its rival smartspeaker. The Amazon Echo comes in either a matt black option or a matt white option. Hence, Google Home is not only more compact than the Amazon Echo but the former also comes in a wider range of color options.

Software:

Google Home is powered by the tech giant s new artificial intelligent bot called Google Assistant, while Amazon Echo runs on the voice activated artificial intelligent system named Alexa. Amazon Echo has support for over thousands of applications, whereas Google Home does not come anywhere close to rivaling its Alexa-powered counterpart. Also, Amazon Echo supports over 400 publications, while Google Home still has a long way to go before it catches up to its rival smartspeaker device.

Performance:

Although Google has recently rolled out its smartspeaker device, it has been a considerable amount of time since the Amazon Echo came in the market. This explains why the Amazon Echo is capable of performing significant tasks which are not possible on the newer Google Home.

Numerous publications have rated the experienced Amazon Echo over Google Home due to the former s compatibility with third-party applications. Unfortunately for Google, the company is still in its early days regarding its smartspeaker offerings, which explains the limited number of third-party applications available on the device. Google has promised users that it has assigned third-party developers to start developing suitable applications for its smartspeaker device but it will obviously take the company a considerable amount of time to catch up to its competition.

Verdict:

If you are prepared to overlook the Amazon Echo s design and large shape then the device is perfectly suited to execute the main functions that a smartspeaker system is supposed to carry out. Although Google Assistant is designed to be a superior artificial intelligent system regarding conversations but the device s limited functionality and poor support for third-party applications make it a less attractive smartspeaker offering, compared to the more experienced Amazon Echo. 
2016-03-22
How Do You Spell Regime Change? Alphabet Inc. Sought Assad's Overthrow   AP Photo/ Carolyn Kaster Google May Have Assisted Hillary Clinton in Blocking Benghazi Video

WikiLeaks has recently published a set of emails from Alphabet's Jared Cohen, the head of "Google Ideas" division at the time, in which he notifies Clinton and a number of other high-ranking US officials about the development of a new system in 2012 intended to encourage Syrian opposition.

"Please keep close hold, but my team is planning to launch a tool  that will publicly track and map the defections in Syria and which parts of the government they are coming from," the email says.

"Our logic behind this is that while many people are tracking the atrocities, nobody is visually representing and mapping the defections, which we believe are important in encouraging more to defect and giving confidence to the opposition."

This system was to be given to Al Jazeera, the Qatar-based international news broadcaster, but not until consulting with senior staff at the US government: "Please keep this very close hold and let me know if there is anything [else] you think we need to account for or think about before we launch. We believe this can have an important impact," the email states.

Among other recipients were deputy secretary of state Bill Burns; Alec Ross, a senior Clinton advisor; and Clinton's deputy chief of staff, Jake Sullivan. Sullivan subsequently forwarded Cohen's email to Clinton, describing it as "a pretty cool idea."

According to the Washington Examiner, Cohen attempted to incite uprisings using social media before he joined "Google Ideas." WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has for years referred to Cohen as Google's "director of regime change." 
2016-09-28
Alphabet Inc. Drops On Bearish Take By Wedbush Analyst (GOOGL, AMZN) Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) fell by as much as $5.47 or 0.7% after Wedbush Securities analyst James Dix came out with a bearish take on the company s future prospects this morning and downgraded the company from  Hold  to  Sell.  He cited  four horsemen    mobile advertising, self-identified consumers or consumers who can be identified based on their mobile devices and login information, ad blockers, and payment innovation   as being responsible for the Mountain View company s  search apocalypse.  (See also: The Business Of Google).

Dix s reasoning is circular and relies on existing tech trends. According to him, Google s success in mobile search will drive consumers away from it. Paid mobile advertising is expected to account for a 51.8% share in Google's revenue mix this year. While it s successful mobile monetization efforts are driving current growth, a greater percentage of paid versus organic search results could have the effect of narrowing its moat against competitors for self-identified consumers. In turn, this  habituates consumers to taking more active control of their advertising  by installing ad-blockers.

A report by Adobe Incorporated and PageFair last year estimated a loss of $10.7 billion for content publishers and advertising engines in  blocked revenue  this year. While media publishers have taken a strong stand against ad blockers, Google has largely kept away from the fight. This might be due to the fact that only 4.3 million Americans or 2.2 percent of the total population has installed mobile ad blockers in America, Google s largest market for mobile ads. Dix also identified innovation in payments, such as ads that track consumers from intent to purchase (regardless of whether the purchase was made on the original site that served up ads or not) as another factor that will drive consumers away from Google s ads. (See also: The Rise of Ad Blockers).

In his note, Dix pointed to Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) and startups, such as Pinterest, as potential competition to Google.

 In our view, the growth of the advertising business of Amazon, a small part of its revenue, is a sign of the potential scale of the convergence. As GOOGL s Eric Schmidt has observed:  our biggest search competitor is Amazon. People don t think of Amazon as search, but if you are looking for something to buy, you are more often than not looking for it on Amazon  he writes. True enough, a report out yesterday states that 55% of consumers start their product searches on Amazon. According to Dix, Pinterest could also be a competitor to Google on mobile devices for search advertising spending.  Outside the U.S., in China, for example, platforms not dissimilar to Pinterest, such as Mogujie, have made substantial strides to integrate advertising and e-commerce as a one-stop shop,  he wrote. Alphabet shares dip premarket as Wedbush downgrades to underperform Shares of Google parent Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -0.09% GOOGL, -0.15% fell 0.8% in premarket trade Wednesday, after the stock was downgraded to underperform at Wedbush. "Paid search monetizes better than other digital media because its traffic is a good proxy for "self-identified consumers," analysts wrote in a note. "GOOGL's recent mobile search ad changes push the traffic mix to paid from organic, which has decelerated sharply." That creates "potential disequilibrium" in monetizing these consumers, as advertisers weigh the cost of search ads against return on investment, they wrote. Wedbush lowered its price target on the stock to $700. Alphabet shares have risen 29% in the last year, versus the S&P 500's SPX, -0.68% 14%. Amazon is Dominating Google for Product Searches In a sign of continued retail dominance, Amazon.com, Inc. ( NASDAQ:AMZN ) now owns the majority of first-time product searches, according to a recent market research report.

Amazon s lead in product searches has grown considerably in recent years. From BloomReach:

Now, 55 percent of consumers turn to Amazon first when searching for products online. The second-annual  State of Amazon  study, which surveyed 2,000 U.S. consumers over Labor Day weekend, found that search engines and retailers lost almost equal ground, coming in at 28 percent and 16 percent respectively. Amazon increased its share by 11 percent in one year following BloomReach s inaugural  State of Amazon  study.

In previous years, Google (owned by Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)) was the initial place consumers would visit to find information about a specific product. Nowadays, consumers are much more likely to go to Amazon first.

Not only does Amazon sell an incredible variety of products, but its user reviews are considered a key catalyst for buying behavior. These factors, along with Prime membership growth, have combined to make Amazon the first place the majority of consumers visit when searching for a product. And the trend seems to be accelerating:

The e-commerce giant has steadily increased its product-search lead throughout the year. BloomReach also conducted a mid-year survey of 2,000 consumers in April, revealing Amazon had 53 percent of consumers  first product search, with 27 percent for search engines and 19 percent for retailers.

So while Google still dominates the overall search market, Amazon has clearly become the search engine of choice for retail products   and that can t be good news for Google.

Amazon shares rose $1.39 (+0.17%) to $817.50 in premarket trading Wednesday. Year-to-date, AMZN has gained 20.75%. GOOG Stock: This Revolutionary Product Can be Huge For Alphabet Inc By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : September 28, 2016

Why Google Stock is Better as  Alphabet 

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is giving us a reason to get excited about consumer electronics again. The company is working on a new generation of groundbreaking devices which could open the ceiling on Google stock (GOOG).

Before I get to these devices, it s important to remember that most of Google s revenues come from online advertising, at least for now. The entire success of Google stock has depended on programs like  AdWords  and  AdSense.  They are the cash cows which made GOOG stock into such money-maker.

But then something big happened: Google became Alphabet.

It wasn t just an ordinary name change. Google wasn t trying to rebrand because, after all, why would they? They had one of one of the most well-known names on the planet. It wouldn t make sense to abandon that familiarity for nothing, so management must have had a very good reason for adopting the  Alphabet  moniker.

Well, they did. Google became Alphabet because management was restructuring the entire business. Alphabet was supposed to become a conglomerate with dozens of other businesses underneath it, among which Google was just one. The company would have other subsidiaries for things like healthcare or venture capital.

Can you imagine how much potential this shift unlocks in Google stock? If the company could recreate its dominance in fields other than Internet searching, there s no telling how high GOOG stock could soar. These changes aren t abstract concepts either; they are unfolding almost every single day.

For instance, the ink is already dry on a deal between Alphabet and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (NYSE:FCAU). The tech giant has agreed to license out its driverless technology to Fiat. In doing so, the company has gained all the upside of self-driving cars without any of the upfront costs associated with manufacturing. It s a brilliant move that could pay off big-time for Google stock.

But in order for this transition to be fully funded, Alphabet needs more than just AdSense or AdWords. It needs revenue from new products.

What Hardware Means for GOOG Stock

That brings us back to the matter at hand: the new consumer electronics products and what they mean for GOOG stock. There are two new products I want to focus on.

The first is something that could eclipse the success of the  iPhone.  It s a voice-controlled speaker called  Google Home.  For those who may not know, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) has seen enormous demand for its voice-controlled speaker, the  Amazon Echo.  Tech companies have finally perfected the software needed for a computer to understand human speech. That means we don t have to whip out our smartphones every time we need to access the Internet. Instead, we can simply ask Google Home a question or command it to control our other devices. It s probably going to become a gateway device for the Internet of Things (IoT). Almost all analysts, myself included, think these types of speakers are the next big thing in consumer electronics. The second new product doesn t sound impressive at first blush, but don t underestimate its potential. Google is releasing a laptop and a tablet. See? It sounds unremarkable. The tablet will be developed by Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd and will be marketed by Nexus, but there s a twist. Both devices will run on a single operating system, a platform called  Andromeda.  This is big news in the tech community. Until now,  Android  was the operating system for Google s smartphones while Google laptops ran on  Chrome OS.  That meant the devices couldn t be perfectly paired. It left room for competitors like Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). By creating a new operating system (OS), Google is taking the fight to both rivals. It could mean spectacular gains for GOOG stock. (Source:  Google said to debut Android-Chrome OS hybrid on new laptop, tablet,  CNET, September 26, 2016.)

What impresses me about Google stock is that it continues to evolve. The company is ever-changing and innovative enough to clear any hurdle in its path. Rather than growing complacent, founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page continue to push the envelope. They always aim higher. Here s Alphabet s goal in their own words (my emphasis):

We liked the name Alphabet because it means a collection of letters that represent language, one of humanity s most important innovations, and is the core of how we index with Google search! We also like that it means alpha bet (Alpha is investment return above benchmark), which we strive for!

(Source:  G is for Google.,  Alphabet Inc, last accessed September 26, 2016.)

It s clear that these are two guys who know how to make great tech and, better still, know how to make huge profits at the same time. For all those reasons and more, I remain incredibly bullish on Google stock. 
2016-08-24
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)'s Google Daydream VR Rumors; YouTube Stars to Promote Launch Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Daydream VR is rumored to be launching in the coming weeks, CNET reports. The mobile virtual reality platform is intended to be for VR what Android OS is for mobile smartphones, inside sources reveal.

To make the project a huge success, Alphabet Inc. is reportedly spending heavy on developing the VR platform and also on hiring Youtube stars to promote it once it launches, Bloomberg reveals. Some of the aspects being currently developed are production of 360-degree videos featuring YouTube celebs, video games and apps, sports league licensing, and music app among others.

Alphabet Inc. engages smartphone makers to adopt Daydream VR

Having stated that Google s Daydream VR will rely on games and videos and apps to run, Alphabet Inc. has secured the consent of smartphone makers such as LG, HTC, Xiaomi, Samsung, ZTE, Asus, Alcatel, and LG among others to make a new generation of smartphones that use Daydream VR.

This development is against the background that Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) intends Daydream to be the VR platform around which companies develop and make hardware, just has the Android OS is adopted by most smartphone makers.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

Meanwhile, Google is beginning to update the Android software so that it can readily begin to support Daydream when it rolls out. This is largely because Alphabet desires that everyone uses Daydream technology to locate what they want to watch at the time they want it.

Alphabet Inc. s Google reveals how Daydream VR will be used via headset

While it is known that some companies built their VR headset into a PlayStation video-game console, Google s Daydream VR is largely a mobile-based technology. What this means is that users will only be able to attach their mobile smartphones into a headset or visor, from which consumers will be able to access YouTube clips, apps, games, and even HBO Now  Hulu among other streaming services.

According to Oren Rosenbaum, a digital media agent at United Talent Agency, the essence of a mobile VR technology is for it to be strapped to the user s forehead rather than being tied to a fixed location or gadget.

It is believed that Google is building its own headset for Daydream VR, but its design has not been sighted yet. But it is on record that the company is also encouraging other companies to develop their own headset design using controllers approved by Alphabet Inc.

YouTube stars hired by Alphabet Inc. to produce videos for Daydream VR

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is leaving no stones unturned in its bid to promote and make mobile virtual reality technology accessible to all via Daydream VR, Fortune writes. To this end, YouTube celebs such as Justine Ezarik also known as iJustine, and the twins Ethan and Grayson Dolan among others have been hired to produce promotional videos that will propagate the Daydream VR news.

Meanwhile, Alphabet Inc. enjoins filmmakers who desire to work with Google on the Daydream VR project to use its Jump software platform together with a 16-camera rig to produce short films highly optimized for mobile VR content. Alphabet Inc Android Nougat 7.0 Released: Here Are 5 Things You Should Know Published By: Ken Bock on August 24, 2016 07:36 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Android 7.0 Nougat has been finally released to Nexus users. The device currently only works with a handful of Nexus devices with the legendary Nexus 5 not getting support. If you have anything other than the Nexus, you ll have to wait a little longer before you can have the Android 7.0 Nougat update on your phone. The update will most likely be made available on the most recent flagships in some months or before New Year. The Android Nougat is full of new and latest features, so it is worth waiting for.

Instant Applications

A new feature has been released in the Android 7.0 Nougat, the Google s Instant Apps feature. With the Instant Apps, users can make use of any application immediately without buying or downloading it. You can have a look at it before downloading to see if it is of any use to you.

Multi-Window Application Support

This feature was available in Samsung s Galaxy Notes phones and some Android phones. Now with the Android 7.0, users can open two applications at a time and make use of them together. You can watch a video and reply to your messages at the same time now.

Battery-Saving Feature

The  Doze  feature was released in Android 6.0 Marshmallow but now it has been updated for the Android 7.0. This feature puts the phone or tablet to sleep when it is not in use, but in Android 7.0 Nougat the feature has been updated to  Doze on the Go  which saves battery even while the phone is mobile, whenever the display is switched off. It has Project Svelte, that stops the application from waking every time a gadget s connection condition changes.

Virtual Reality

Daydream is also one of the most amazing feature of Android Nougat 7.0. Google made the Daydream hardware and software system for virtual reality so as to combine the phone VR experience because a lot of companies were making different virtual reality systems. Now companies like Samsung and others don t have to make their personal virtual reality system and the makers can now make one virtual reality application that will work on all Android gadgets.

Background System Upgrades

In the Android 7.0, system upgrades will take place in the background just like they did in Chrome OS. The upgrades will be downloaded from the Wi-Fi and they will be saved as a different image on the gadget s memory. And when you upgrade your device and reboot it, a new upgraded image will appear! Google Is A Giant Threat To Facebook's App-Install Advertising Business Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) app-install advertising business is rapidly growing. App install advertisements prompt people to install Android and iOS apps/games. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is the long-time leader in app-install advertising. App-install ads accounted for 17% of Facebook's ad revenue last year, or $2.9 billion.

Google is now quickly catching up with Facebook when it comes to paid promotion of app installs. To date, Google has achieved 3 billion app installs - 50% higher than the 2 billion app installs reported last May. Facebook investors should take note of Alphabet's rapid ascent in app-install ads.

The chart below from Tune reveals the massive growth spurt in apps installed through Google's Universal App Campaigns via AdWords. The number of apps installed through Google ads almost tripled from January to June of this year.

(Source: Tune.com)

Why Investors Should Care

Alphabet's fast ascent in the app-install ads industry is a long-term threat to Facebook. App-install ads are the growth catalysts for mobile advertising. There is good money to be made in advertising apps to people like Americans who install at least 1.5 apps every month.

The mobile app install advertising industry in the U.S. alone is estimated to be worth $5.5 billion. Business Insider Intelligence also estimates that this figure will grow to $7.1 billion by 2020.

Getting just 50% of the U.S. app-install advertising business should add $2.75 billion to Alphabet's annual top line growth. There's still the other revenue stream from app-install ads on non-U.S. markets. App Annie's Q1 2016 report said the U.S. is just one of many countries where mobile apps downloads are growing.

App developers will need to deliver more ads through Google if they want to monetize from mobile users in China, Russia, India and other emerging markets.

(Source: App Annie)

Going forward, Google also threatens Facebook's app-install ads outside America. I guesstimate that Alphabet could also gross around $2.75 billion per year from app-install advertising outside the U.S. market. Since there are more app downloads being done outside America, app-install advertising platforms like Facebook and Google will eventually generate more of their ad revenue from non-U.S. markets.

Alphabet, therefore, has the potential to generate $5.5 billion in sales from global app-install ads. This guesstimate represents 7.3% of Alphabet's total revenue last year of $74.99 billion.

Google AdWords Is Very Effective For Promoting Apps

App install advertising through Google AdWords is already proven to be as effective as Facebook's platform. AppsFlyer's recent H1 2016 Apps Performance Index reports that Google AdWords has surpassed Facebook and Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) in terms of user retention on Android mobile games.

Google AdWords has replaced Facebook as the no.1 most-efficient app-install advertiser with the best record for user retention on Android games.

Google AdWords also leads Facebook in retention score over non-gaming Android and iOS apps.

Marketers who promote mobile apps are going to trust Google more than Facebook now. AdWords generates better user retention record. AdWords becoming the go-to app install advertising platform for iOS devices is great. The Cost Per Install (CPI) of non-games iOS apps is higher than Android non-games apps.

The higher the user retention score of Google AdWords, the more app developers and marketers will shift their alliance to Alphabet. There is good money to be made in building up user retention because it leads to loyal users that app owners/developers crave for.

While the global average CPI of games and non-games apps are less than $1.00, Fiksu reports that the average Cost Per Loyal User Index was $2.51 in April. Delivering the most number of loyal users to app developers/marketers is the ultimate objective of Facebook and Google AdWords.

Conclusion

I predict that Google's universal AdWords platform will soon deliver more app installs than Facebook. The mobile and desktop versions of Google's search engine, Chrome browser and YouTube assets are three powerful engines powering its app-install ads.

Facebook until now relies on its social network and Instant Messaging apps to drive its app-install advertising business. Unless Facebook can also come up with a search engine and browser, Alphabet will rapidly erode its leadership in app-install advertising. Facebook cannot match the ability of Google to promote apps through its desktop/mobile search engine results.

Google also has a killer advantage in its ability to advertise streaming Android apps. App developers and marketers will pay Google to create Try-Now streaming versions of their apps. Letting people try out apps without installing is just another form of app-install advertising.

I rate GOOG and FB as stocks that are worth buying for the long-term investing. These two giants are still the duopoly in mobile and digital advertising. Jason Kint, CEO of Digital Content Next, said 90% of growth in ad spending is being channeled through Alphabet and Facebook. If you like to ride the boom in digital advertising, GOOG and FB are clearly your bets.

I am long GOOG and FB. However, I have much more money riding on Alphabet. I felt that GOOG's lower P/E (29.92x) valuation makes it a safer bet than FB (59.45x). Alphabet is also not saddled by a $19-billion white elephant like Facebook is now with its WhatsApp burden. Enjoy Free Unlimited Opera VPN on Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Android Now! Published By: Ken Bock on August 24, 2016 08:45 am EST

Online security and privacy tool Opera VPN is now finally available for download on Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android OS, as the free and unlimited VPN service has hit the Play Store.

Opera VPN has been available on iOS for quite some time now, launching earlier this year on the Apple mobile OS. After careful testing and feedback from users on iOS, the free VPN service has been brought to the much-wider Android market. As with any VPN service, users will be able to change their virtual location and IP to one of the five available regions, namely United States, Netherlands, Singapore, Germany, and Canada.

Moreover, Opera VPN is free and comes without a data cap, so there will be no interruptions and no in-app purchases necessary for it to work seamlessly on your Android OS smartphone. The popularity and trust placed in the app by the users can be gauged by the fact that Opera VPN has hit the 1 million downloads milestone on iOS already, merely months after launch.

Free Opera VPN is not only restricted to Android and iOS either, as the Opera web browser comes incorporated with the free VPN service, which is a huge plus considering the number of unreliable, and paid, third-party software available that hardly count as  solutions.  For those not aware of it, free VPN service from Opera is the result of the company s acquisition of SurfEasy VPN last year, and all three VPN services are built by SurfEasy. 
2016-03-18
Who Will Buy Google's Robot Skunkworks?  What The Alphabet AlphaGo Victory Means For The AI Sector Alphabet's AlphaGo AI program has beaten the world's top Go player 4-1.

AlphaGo is able to discover new optimal strategies by analyzing games and playing against itself.

The technologies at the heart of AlphaGo are the future and will likely revolutionize many important sectors.

In February Amigobulls reported that Alphabet Inc-A (NASDAQ:GOOGL) claimed a major Artificial Intelligence (AI) breakthrough with a software program, dubbed AlphaGo, which taught itself to beat a top human player of the board game Go.

Go is much more complex than chess and, until recently, no machine had beaten a human Go champion. In fact, experts predicted it would be at least another 10 years until a computer could beat one of the world s elite group of Go professionals. But AlphaGo achieved this milestone AI challenge much sooner, beating European Go champion Fan Hui in October 2015. The announcement was delayed until the publication of a research article titled "Mastering the game of Go with deep neural networks and tree search" in Nature.

AlphaGo combines Monte-Carlo tree search with deep neural networks that have been trained by supervised learning, from human expert games, and further improves its performance by learning from games played against itself.

AlphaGo was developed by Google DeepMind, a British AI company founded in 2010 as DeepMind Technologies and acquired by Google in 2014. Google DeepMind has created neural networks that learn how to play games in a similar fashion to humans and appears to mimic key cognitive aspects of the human brain.

Google announced that "AlphaGo's next challenge will be to play the top Go player in the world over the last decade, Lee Sedol." The match eventually took place at the Four Seasons Hotel in Seoul, South Korea, between 9 and 15 March, has been video-streamed live and watched by tens of thousands of viewers worldwide. The result: AlphaGo won four games to one.

Go and AI experts have started analyzing the match. In particular, AlphaGo's move 37 in the second game, which is attracting a lot of attention, is considered beautiful, effective - and inhuman. "It s not a human move. I ve never seen a human play this move,  said Fan Hui. The move was initially questioned but then acclaimed by experts. Based on its knowledge base derived from both games played by human experts and games played against itself, AlphaGo "knew" that a human wouldn't play that particular move, but also that the move is ultimately effective.

"While games are the perfect platform for developing and testing AI algorithms quickly and efficiently, ultimately we want to apply these techniques to important real-world problems," said AI researcher and co-founder of DeepMind Demis Hassabis in January." Because the methods we ve used are general-purpose, our hope is that one day they could be extended to help us address some of society s toughest and most pressing problems, from climate modeling to complex disease analysis. We re excited to see what we can use this technology to tackle next!"

The validation of DeepMind's neural network and machine learning techniques will open the way to tackling more complex AI challenges. After AlphaGo's victory, the focus will turn to real-world targets for AI research.

"The victory is notable because the technologies at the heart of AlphaGo are the future," notes Wired. "They re already changing Google and Facebook and Microsoft and Twitter, and they re poised to reinvent everything from robotics to scientific research." The Wall Street Journal mentions important applications to health care as well.

In February, the company announced the launch of DeepMind Health, a division within DeepMind that collaborates directly with frontline clinicians to develop technology that helps improve patient care. While AI is not part of the first pilot projects in collaboration with the UK National Health Service, it could be used in future projects. "It s certainly something we are excited about for the future," notes the DeepMind Health site.

In fact, health care is emerging as a first promising application for next-generation AI technology. Earlier this month, IBM (NYSE:IBM) and the New York Genome Center announced a partnership to accelerate cancer research and scale access to precision medicine using cognitive insights from IBM's AI system Watson, an open "cognitive computing" technology platform, where "cognitive computing" indicates computer systems that understand the world in the way that humans do.

Like AlphaGo, Watson continuously learns and adds to its knowledge base, gaining in value and knowledge over time. A difference is that Watson has already demonstrated more general-purpose abilities than AlphaGo, which at this moment only knows how to play Go, but Hassabis' remarks above indicate that Alphabet is working at widening the application scope of its AI research.

Another competitor in the race to AI is Facebook, which is becoming one of the most advanced AI research centers in the world, with an ambitious research program aimed at revolutionizing human-computer interaction. Head of Facebook AI research Yann LeCun wants to build the best AI research lab in the world, and machines that think and learn. Gizmodo reports that Facebook is also working on a Go software, considered as an ideal AI testbed, and quotes LeCun's positive and not-so-positive reactions, which show how the race to AI is heating up.

Alphabet's breakthrough indicates that AI systems are becoming adept at more and more high-level cognitive tasks that used to be considered as too complex for automation. The surprising Move 37 indicates that next-generation AI systems will be able to devise their own strategies to optimally perform their tasks, independently of human input. It seems likely that AI will play a more and more important role in computing, revolutionize many important sectors like robotics, health care, drug discovery, user interface design, and social networking, and boost the stocks of the visionary companies involved in early development. This could be a big boost to Alphabet's efforts to dominate the AI space. 
2016-11-03
Why You Shouldn't Buy Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Now Shares of heavyweight tech stocks like Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) are all notably lower following their earnings announcements last week. And while I ultimately want to buy these stocks again, right now, it looks like further downside its possible. GOOGL stock in particular has a well-defined next downside target.

Last week on Oct. 27, before Alphabet was scheduled to report earnings, I wrote in this column that the stock is likely overbought and that both a post-earnings rally or pop-and-drop would be an opportunity to take profits or play the short side for a trade.

Since then, GOOGL stock has fallen about 6% and still feels heavy. That s because it now sits on a multi-month level of technical support   one that you should pay attention to.

As I discussed last week, large-cap tech stocks and a few more of their peers were largely responsible for holding up the S&P 500 and broader U.S. stock market. As these stocks began to sway and stumble over the past few trading sessions, so too did the S&P 500.

As such, Alphabet stock and their peers should be closely watched   not just for a gauge on the single names, but for clues to where the broader market is going next. After all, their combined weighting in the S&P 500 is meaningful.

GOOGL Stock Charts

On the multiyear weekly chart of Alphabet stock, we see that as shares rallied toward the upper end of their multiyear range into last week s earnings report, they did so on weak upside momentum. By the time earnings came out last week, the MACD momentum oscillator had put in a lower high versus the 2015 momentum highs, while price had pushed to a marginal new high.



Click to Enlarge

More often than not in these types of situations, momentum gives us the truer reading. In this case, price ultimately will have to come back down again before better buying opportunities may be considered.

Next Page Google: Oh Schmidt!  Alphabet Inc.'s Pixel Out Of Stock Published By: Ken Bock on November 3, 2016 08:00 am EST

Alphabet Inc. s (GOOGL) new flagship smartphone, Pixel is already sold out. Its shipment has been delayed due to the high sales and demand. However, Google is trying to take care of the affected customers by offering them $50 Play Store credit as a courtesy and an apology of a kind. This is also a success for the tech giant as its very first in-house smartphone is evidently high in demand.

Alphabet Inc. has managed to make an attractive smartphone but it still needs to upgrade its production sector in order to deliver the product on time to the masses. One customer claims on Reddit that their shipment was to be made by the end of October, however that has now been shifted to December.

Customers who pre-orders the Pixel have even received an email from the company, on social websites such as Reddit. The emails informed the customers that their shipping will unfortunately not arrive on the date they had been given, the play store credit will be given out after the delivery of the products. The emails lack the vital information such as the delayed date of receiving the smartphone, but only that It will take longer than promised.

Alphabet Inc. has pushed itself more into the hardware industry, especially after the release of Pixel and Pixel XL. It now competes with major Android phone makers, such as Samsung. However, Google is selling every phone it has manufactured so far, which has even surprised the company and has led to the delay in shipments. The Note 7 debacle played a huge part in the high sales of Pixel, as customers are looking for alternatives.

The $50 Play Store compensation for the customers who didn t get their smartphone on time can be used to purchase different apps on the store. Different version of the Pixel series have been sold out, including the 32GB (5-inch display) version. The Pixel XL versions, 32GB and 128GB are out of stock as well.

Alphabet Inc. is giving the customers compensation, while it meets the high demand for its smartphone. The shipment will not take long as the company had expected sales of at least 3 million of these products. Alphabet's Google moves to upgrade app store The Google Pixel phone is displayed during the presentation of new Google hardware in San Francisco, California, U.S. October 4, 2016. REUTERS/Beck Diefenbach/File Photo

SAN FRANCISCO Alphabet Inc's Google is redoubling efforts to help developers of Android mobile apps build their businesses as concerns mount that the app economy has reached saturation.

Under the leadership of Sameer Samat, who rejoined Google earlier this year after a spell as president of wearable tech firm Jawbone, the company is sharpening Google Play store recommendations with artificial intelligence and expanding support for various payment platforms, among other initiatives.

Google's efforts in some way mirror those of arch-rival Apple Inc, which revamped its App Store this year with quicker review times for new apps and an increase in the cut of revenue that goes to developers.

Both companies face a chorus of complaints from developers who say they are struggling to stand out in a jam-packed field.

Many smartphone users, meanwhile, appear to have tired of downloading apps altogether, especially as messaging services like Snapchat perform more of the functions that once required a separate app.

Games remain a focus of the Google Play store, and Nintendo Co Ltd is building a version of its popular Super Mario Run game for Android, said Samat, who leads product management for the Google Play store.

The store is also expanding to new platforms, including wearable devices, virtual reality headsets and Google's Chromebook laptops.

 What we are excited about is giving developers that single entry point for more and more of the computing ecosystem,  said Samat.

ANDROID WILD WEST

Google has eased the once-complicated process of developing apps for the Play store, said James Knight, a former Google employee who launched Pembroke, a consultancy that helps developers convert Apple-compatible iOS apps to the Android operating system.

 The App Store has historically been a little more straightforward, and Android has been a bit more like the Wild West,  he said.

Mirroring the larger smartphone market, the Google Play store sees far more activity by virtue of its placement on the wide range of devices running the Android operating system - but Apple claims more of the profits.

The Google Play store accounted for 70 percent of app downloads in the third quarter of this year, but Apple s App Store logged 65 percent of the revenue, according to App Annie, a mobile analytics firm.

A big part of Google's new effort involves emerging markets, where Android is stronger relative to the iPhone. The company has steadily expanded its support of direct carrier billing, a popular payment method in emerging markets where consumers often do not have credit cards. Google now offers the payment method in 47 markets.

To improve app recommendations for users, the Play store has also made extensive use of machine learning, a branch of artificial intelligence that gleans insights from vast troves of data. Google s Play store and machine learning teams began collaborating three years ago, and a partnership was struck last year with Google Brain, a cutting-edge research project.

The jolt of artificial intelligence is welcome as developers hunt for an audience for their apps, said Greg Cohn, chief executive of Burner, which makes an app that provides temporary phone numbers.

 The harsh reality is that there are a few apps that get the vast majority of people s time and attention,  he said.

(Reporting by Julia Love; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Bill Rigby) NFL, Google expand relationship for enhanced NFL viwieng  
2016-07-15
Pokemon Go Boosts Nintendo Stock, Alphabet Stock To Benefit The mobile AR game Pokemon Go boosted Nintendo's stock by 30 percent and added $9 billion to the company's value in a few days.

Pokemon Go has been developed by The Pokemon Company, in which Nintendo owns a 32 percent stake, and Niantic, a spinoff from Alphabet.

Alphabet's technology powers, and will continue to power, the emerging and highly profitable sector of AR gaming.

The launch and spectacular initial success of the new Augmented Reality (AR) game Pokemon Go, by Nintendo (OTC:NTDOY), has pushed the value of the company's stock up by a staggering 30 percent in a sudden jump and added $9 billion to Nintendo's market value in just a few days. Pokemon Go represents the first clear breakthrough in AR mobile gaming, an emerging sector that can be expected to grow and lift the stocks of all leading companies in the sector.

Of course, it would have been good to invest before the launch of Pokemon Go. In fact, indications that AR could become a major hit have been available for some time now (and covered by Amigobulls). But all seems to indicate that Pokemon Go is only the first big wave to be followed by other bigger waves, in which case Nintendo's stock will continue to soar, and the stocks of other companies active in the sector will soar as well.

Virtual Reality (VR) technology exploits headsets and other interface devices to place the user in a virtual world with full 360-degree visual and auditory immersion, which permits creating uniquely compelling video-games, VR movies, and next generation theme park experiences. In contrast, AR technology augments the user's perception of the real world with virtual annotations through suitable interface devices.

Typical "serious" applications of AR permit overlaying street directions to the field of view of a user who is looking for a place, or visual instructions to the field of view of a user who has to assemble or repair a piece of equipment. But Pokemon Go adds Pokemon characters to real-life city streets. "The game, which is played on a smartphone, lets people explore their neighborhoods to find virtual Pokemon characters," notes Forbes. "It s made possible through augmented reality, in which images are layered on top of the real world using the phone s camera capabilities."

In fact, the game doesn't need expensive headsets and VR/AR viewers: the virtual Pokemons appear on the phone's screen when the camera is pointed at the street. But it's easy to imagine that future versions of the game, or similar games, could use immersive VR/AR headsets linked to the phone to make the experience more life-like.

Pokemon Go is available for iOS and Android mobile devices in the U.S., Australia and New Zealand since a few days ago, noted The Wall Street Journal on July 11. In the U.S., the game has been downloaded by more than two million users on iOS devices and is generating roughly $1.6 million in revenue daily from in-app purchases. These figures continue to grow at a spectacular pace.

It took less than a day from the introduction for Pokemon Go to become the most downloaded and highest-grossing app in the countries where it is available, according to market-data provider App Annie. Data firm SimilarWeb said that the app is about to surpass Twitter among Android users in the U.S. as far as the number of daily active users.

Pokemon Go has been developed by The Pokemon Company, of which Nintendo owns a 32 percent share, and Niantic, a spinoff from Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)). Niantic was founded in 2010 by John Hanke as Niantic Labs, an internal startup at Google, and spun off as an independent Alphabet company in 2015. The company received $20 million in Series A funding from Alphabet, Nintendo and Pokemon in October 2015, and $5 million more from the same and other investors in February 2016. Before Pokemon Go, Niantic developed Ingress, a science-fiction-themed massively multiuser AR game that attracted a community of avid players but - like all ventures of Alphabet into gaming and social media to date - failed to become a mass hit. However, the strength of Alphabet companies is in technology development, and the company is able to monetize its technology through partnerships with other companies.

"By exploiting the capabilities of smartphones and location technology and through building a unique massively scalable server and global location dataset, we have helped users all around the world have fun, socialize, and get more fit as they play and explore," said Hanks in Niantic's announcement. "Ingress, our first 'real world' game, has given millions of players an entirely new way to see the world around them. We re excited that Pokemon fans and gamers can now start exploring their very own neighborhoods and cities to capture Pokemon using the Pokemon GO app."

Hanke also revealed that wearable device will soon enable players to enjoy the game "without ever taking their phone out of their pocket or bag." In fact, future versions of Pokemon Go will work with Alphabet's VR/AR headsets such as the low-cost Cardboard headset and higher performance devices under development by Alphabet.

The Cardboard is a smartphone head-mount with lenses and magnets, which can be fastened around the head and used as a headset. Any smartphone with a stereoscopic display and onboard accelerometer for motion sensing - standard features in today's smartphones - can be inserted in the device to generate 3D scenes with associated audio, that the user can enjoy in interactive, immersive VR or AR mode. Therefore, the Cardboard seems the ideal device to enjoy AR games like Pokemon Go.

Investors should consider Nintendo's stock with expectations of future boosts as enhancements to Pokemon Go and new Nintendo AR games become available, and Alphabet's stock with expectations that the company's technology will continue to power, the emerging and highly profitable sector of AR gaming. 
2016-01-30
Earnings Preview: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc (CMG ... By this time next week, more than one-half of the companies in the Standard & Poor s 500 index will have reported earnings for the three months concluded in December. And to date, the effects of a global commodities rout and a strong U.S. dollar have led to slowdowns in growth in most sectors compared with the final quarter of 2014.

Consumer-discretionary companies, encompassing automakers and media firms, as well as healthcare outfits have reported strong single-digit percentage growth. In addition to the steep declines in the energy and materials sectors, companies in the financial-services and consumer-staples sectors also have reported significant drops in earnings growth in the fourth quarter of last year.

 We fully expected energy and materials earnings to be hideous,  said Bill Stone, executive vice president and chief investment strategist at PNC Wealth Management and PNC Institutional Asset Management.  But setting them aside and looking at the rest, we ll likely end the season with earnings growth at least in the low single digits. 

Photo: Reuters/Pascal Rossignol

Among the S&P 500 companies that had reported as of Thursday, the average year-over-year earnings decline was 6.3 percent. Excluding the hard-hit energy sector, this comparatively large decrease turns into a comparatively small increase of 0.3 percent, according to S&P Capital IQ.

 The only stocks that have stood out so far to me is Facebook and Under Armour, maybe McDonald s and one or two others,  said Adam Sarhan, founder and CEO of the advisory and investment firm Sarhan Capital.  But on average we don t have a lot of  oomph.  What we re seeing now is a classic transition from a bull market to a bear market. 

Delivering financial reports in the coming week are major companies such as Google s parent Alphabet, the automaker General Motors, the online professional networker LinkedIn and KFC s parent Yum Brands. Below is a rundown of reports of select companies for the 2015 calendar year s fourth quarter due out next week, with estimates provided by analysts polled by Thomson Reuters and stock-price movements based on market-closing levels Friday.

Monday (After Market Close)

When Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) reports its 2015 full-year and fourth-quarter results, investors will want to see whether the company formerly known as Google managed a stellar rise in revenue comparable with that seen in Facebook Inc. s recent financial report. It s one of the so-called FANG stocks (along with Facebook, Amazon.com Inc. and Netflix Inc.) whose share prices soared in 2015 while almost all other equities either declined or eked out small gains. The firm will be delivering its first earnings report under its new name and multisubsidiary structure anchored by its main moneymaker, Google.

Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expect $6.54 in unadjusted earnings per share on $4.56 billion in profit in the fourth quarter, up from $6.91 in EPS on $4.76 billion in profit. Revenue is expected to increase to $20.76 billion from $18.10 billion in the year-ago quarter. Alphabet s stock is up 46 percent during the past 12 months and down about 4 percent since the beginning of this year.

Tuesday (Before Market Open)

Like other retailers, the apparel and footwear maker Michael Kors Holdings Ltd. (NYSE:KORS) is emerging from one of the weakest U.S. holiday shopping seasons since the Great Recession. Expectations for retailers in general are low, and Michael Kors has been struggling with brand saturation, so don t expect much upside surprise for the London-based fashion brand s fiscal third quarter earnings.

Analysts expect the company to report unadjusted earnings per share of $1.47 on $277.1 million in profit for the three months ending in December, down from $1.48 per share on profit of $303.7 million. Revenue is expected to rise to $760.5 million from $689.4 million. Stock in the company has fallen about 44 percent over the past 12 months and about 3 percent since the start of the year.

  After a dismal end to 2014, investors will want to know if United Parcel Service Inc. (NYSE:UPS) got 2015 s peak U.S. holiday shopping season right when it reports fourth quarter and full-year results. The world s largest delivery service has been investing heavily in revamping its logistics hubs, including increasing automation over the past year. But like rivals FedEx and DHL, it could soon be facing a considerable threat from Amazon.com, which is moving into global package delivery.

The Atlanta-based company is expected to report unadjusted per-share earnings of $1.42 on $1.28 billion in profit, up from 49 cents per share on profit of $453 million in the same period the previous year. The company had one-time charges related to pension obligations at the end of 2014. Adjusted to exclude special items, UPS earned $1.25 per share on $1.15 billion in profit at the end of 2014. UPS stock is down about 12 percent over the past 12 months and down about 5 percent since the start of the year.

Tuesday (After Market Close)

Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) was pummeled by E. coli and notovirus outbreaks in the last months of 2015, so expect the Denver, Colorado-based  fast casual  restaurant chain to address the revenue-crippling food-safety scandal in its fourth quarter and full-year earnings report. Company CEO Steve Ells said last week at a conference in Orlando, Fla., that 2016 would be  messy  for earnings.

Restaurant analysts expect Chipotle Mexican Grill to earn an unadjusted $1.87 per share on $60.7 million in profit in the last three months of last year, down from $3.84 per share on profit of $121.2 million in the same period in the previous year. Revenue is expected to shrink to $1 billion from $1.1 billion. Chipotle shares are down about 36 percent for the past 12 months and about 6 percent since the start of the year.

  Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) is under intense pressure from activists to do something about years of revenue declines, even as rivals Google and Facebook are reaping bounties from the growing mobile ad business. It's also facing a possible massive $10 billion tax bill related to the search engine s stake in China's Alibaba Group. Yahoo CEO Marissa Mayer is working on a major overhaul of the company, and this will be the dominant theme of the company s fourth quarter and full year 2015 earnings report.

Analysts expect Yahoo to report unadjusted earnings per share of 4 cents on $37.3 million in profit in the fourth quarter, down from 17 cents per share on profit of $166.3 million in the same period the previous year. Revenue is expected to rise to $1.19 billion from $1.18 billion in the year-ago period. Yahoo stock is down about 41 percent over the past 12 months and down about 14 percent since the start of the year.

Wednesday (Before Market Open)

Benefitting from Americans  ravenous demand for trucks and SUVs, General Motors Company (NYSE:GM) has seen steady sales growth despite challenges to the industry in South America and Europe. GM is also one of the largest foreign automakers in China, the world s largest auto market, were it has nearly a dozen joint ventures. Like its American rival Ford, GM has dipped more deeply into the industry s future-of-mobility movement, most recently by forming a special division to speed up development of self-driving and electric cars.

Analysts forecast fourth-quarter 2015 unadjusted earnings for the world s third-largest automaker to come in at $1.90 billion, or $1.21 per share, up from $1.12 billion, or 66 cents per share in the last three months of 2014. Charges related to GM s ongoing ignition switch recall scandal and European restructuring hit GM s bottom line at the end of 2014, which helps explain the big jump in profit expected for the last three months of 2015. Revenue is expected to drop to $38.07 billion in the fourth quarter, from $39.62 billion in the same period last year. GM stock is down about 11 percent over the past 12 months and down about 13 percent since the start of the year.

  Even before China s slowdown in recent months, Kentucky-based fast-food giant Yum! Brands, Inc. (NYSE:YUM) had been struggling in the world s most important emerging market for global restaurant chains. The company doled out a serving of confidence when it announced same-stores sales had grown 2 percent in China in the fourth quarter, led by gains in its core KFC brand and despite drops in Pizza Hut traffic. The company plans to spin off its China division into a separate publicly traded company that will have exclusive rights to the company s three brands, including Taco Bell. In a bid to spice up sales in the U.S., KFC will soon rolling out Nashville Hot Chicken nationwide after a successful test of the new menu item in Pittsburgh.

The company is expected to report fourth-quarter unadjusted earnings of 65 cents per share on $290 million in profit, up from a losses of 20 cents per share and $86 million in the same period the previous year when it took a one-time charge for poor performance of Little Sheep, a Mongolia-based company that manages hot pot restaurants Yum Brands bought in 2011. Revenue is seen rising slightly to $4.02 billion in the fourth quarter, up from $4.00 billion in the year-ago period. Yum stock is down about 3 percent over the past 12 months and about 1 percent since the start of the year.

Wednesday (After Market Close)

GoPro Inc (NASDAQ:GPRO), the maker of wearable cameras that went public in 2014, already warned that its fourth-quarter revenue would be much lower than expected and that layoffs were in order, news that hammered the California-based company s stock down nearly 30 percent. Now investors will want an update on the company s progress toward its first consumer flying camera drone, the GoPro Karma, expected out in the fall, and whether the release of the next-generation GoPro Hero 5 camera will be delayed.

Analysts expect GoPro to post losses in the quarter ending in December of $12 million, or 10 cents per share, compared to profit of $122.1 million, or 83 cents per share in the same quarter of 2014. Revenue is expected to drop to $499.2 million, from $633.9 million. Company stock is down about 78 percent over the past 12 months and down about 37 percent since the start of the year.

Thursday (Before Market Open)

Dunkin Brands Group Inc (NASDAQ:DNKN) is emerging from a disappointing year as its international operations falter. The company recently announced new efforts to kick start U.S. sales, which account for about 85 percent of group revenue, including from its Baskin-Robbins ice cream brand. Dunkin  Donuts will soon add healthier menu items, and a partnership announced last month with Manhattan s indoor arena Madison Square Garden will give it a venue for national televised visibility. Like its main rival Starbucks, Dunkin Brands is also experimenting with home delivery and mobile payments, so expect to hear more about that when the company announced its fourth quarter and full-year results.

Wall Street expects the Canton, Massachusetts-based company to report unadjusted earnings of 47 cents per share on $44.91 million in profit in the three months ending December, down from 50 cents per share on $52.5 million in profit in the same period the previous year. Revenue is expected to rise to $203.3 million from $193.2 million.

Thursday (After Market Close)

It s been about seven months since LinkedIn Corp (NYSE:LNKD) finalized its $1.5 billion purchase of online educator Lynda.com, so the professional networker should provide some further insight into whether it s successfully leveraged the acquisition when it reports fourth quarter and full-year results. In October the company agreed to pay $13 million to settle a class-action lawsuit over sending too many emails to users  contacts. Aatif Awan, the company's senior director of product management, acknowledged last year that LinkedIn send so many messages to users that it s become a running joke among late-night talk show hosts. Since then, the company s has promised to scale back on the email nudging.

The company s Lydia acquisition and other growth investments, especially globally, have impacted its profits over the past year. Forecasters expect a quarter of losses when factoring these investments. The company is expected to report a fourth consecutive quarter of negative performance, with losses of 34 cents per share on $47.9 million, compared to a gain of 2 cents per share on $3.0 million in profit. Revenue is the bright spot as analysts expect a rise to $857.6 million from $643.4 million.

Friday (Before Market Open)

Tyson Foods, Inc. (NYSE:TSN), a staple of the U.S. grocery-store meat aisle, has been in a yearlong effort to expand its prepared food segment, which includes its Jimmy Dean sausage, Ball Park Franks and Hillshire Farms sausage, which it acquired in 2014. The effort by a company largely known for its raw poultry and beef products has led to a near doubling of the size of its prepared food operations, which now represent over 18 percent of its business, up from about 10 percent in 2014, according to its regulatory filings. Prepared food offers higher profit margins for one of the world s biggest meat producers.

Analysts expect the Springdale, Arkansas-based company to report unadjusted earnings per share of 91 cents on $365.6 million in profit for the three months ending in December, up from 74 cents on $309.0 million in the same period the previous year. Revenue, however, is seen dropping to $10.1 billion, from $10.8 billion. 
2016-10-13
Playboy Magazine Now Available On Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iTunes, Alphabet ... The iconic Playboy magazine is now available on mobile platforms on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iTunes And Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Play in a bid to capture a wider digital audience.

Playboy Enterprises revealed on Wednesday that mobile users on both Android and iOS will get access to the magazine through downloads on the iTunes app and Google Play Stores. The shift towards mobile is the latest effort by Playboy to reach out to the younger generation of millennials by moving with the trends.

 Inclusion in the iTunes and Google Play stores is an important milestone for Playboy as we continue to explore opportunities to introduce our content to new audiences all over the world,  stated David Israel, the COO and CFO of Playboy Enterprise.

The Playboy app features annual subscriptions priced at $17.99. Users also have an alternative where they can view one issue of the magazine through the app at a fee of $5.99. The Playboy app is expected to complement the Playboy magazine website. Another interesting feature about the new move to mobile is that the magazine has decided to do away with nudity so that it can reach a wider audience.

 Since introducing a brand new vision for Playboy magazine earlier this year, we have expanded our distribution channels in many powerful ways, including higher visibility on an increased number of traditional and digital media platforms,  reported Israel.

The company made a name for itself by publishing content featuring nudity and has been in existence for more than 60 years. It has now decided to shift its focus away from pornography so that it can offer content that is more suited for the work environment. Despite the shift, the magazine still contains some provocative images of women in an attempt to maintain its appeal and racy reputation.

Apple stock closed the latest trading session at $117.34.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google-YouTube At 10 - A Rangeley Capital Discussion  Hyperloop One says raises additional $50 mln of financing  
2016-02-28
Google's Parent Could Be Big Winner in Intel Tax Dispute Alphabet Inc., Google s parent company, could gain at least $3.5 billion in new tax benefits if Intel Corp. succeeds in its international tax dispute with the Internal Revenue Service, an amount that exceeds Google s entire 2015 tax cost.

The case, which the IRS appealed to the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals last week, is being closely watched in the tech industry and elsewhere. At least 20 companies, including Microsoft Corp. and eBay Inc., have disclosed they re monitoring the outcome of the case involving... 
2016-02-24
Alphabet Inc.'s Google (GOOGL) Poaches Spotify from Amazon Web Services Alphabet Inc. s Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) has scored a major coup against Amazon.com Inc. in its quest to conquer the cloud market. This follows the move by Spotify AB, a key Amazon Web Services client, to shift most of its music-streaming service technology to Google Cloud service, reported Wall Street Journal.

The major winning point that informed Spotify s decision to move to Google Cloud is its capability to analyze big data, said Nicholas Harteau, vice president of engineering and infrastructure at Spotify.

 That s where Google has the edge and that s where we think they will continue to have the edge,  Mr. Harteau said.

Google is currently ranked third in the list of the major cloud providers, behind Amazon.com,Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), which offers the Azure line of on-demand computing services.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Its innovative data-analytics technology, named BigQuery, has the ability to assist Spotify to improve user listening recommendations.

Joins Google Star-Studded Client List

Spotify joins a group of several high-profile clients that have opted for Google due to its superior cloud-hosted data-analytics offerings. Such clients include Sony Corporation, Snapchat Inc., Coca-Cola Co., as well as Northrop Grumman Corporation, which teamed up with Google to create prototype software that will be used in medical research to examine genomics data.

Its rival Amazon Web Services counts household names such as Pfizer Inc., Comcast Corporation and Samsung Electronics Co. among its client list as well as a cluster of startups.

While Mr. Harteau refused to give further information on the deal, he said Google lobbied hard to win its business.

Before contracting Amazon to provide it with cloud services, Spotify used to have its own data centers, which it had built with its own equipment or leased hardware.

Cloud computing has grown popular due to the advantage it offers in terms of lower hardware purchase and operating costs. This has seen most companies shut down their own private data centers and opt for it.

Spotify will move its core computing hardware, which it relies on for storage, maintenance and analysis of the huge data it accumulates, from its premises to Google s facilities.

However, Spotify will still rely on Amazon, through its Amazon Simple Storage Service, for the storage of its music files. Moreover, it plans to continue sending music files to distant customers using various content-delivery platforms such as Amazon CloudFront.

Google is will undoubtedly be energized by the Spotify deal after months of falling farther behind Microsoft and Amazon in the public cloud market.

None of Amazon s executives was available for a comment.

Amazon Web Services generated $2.4b in revenue for the fourth quarter of 2015, up from $2.1b in the third quarter. This contrasts with revenues of $1.57b in the first quarter and $2.08b in the second one.

Other major players in the global public cloud market are Salesforce, IBM, CenturyLink and VMWare. Alphabet Inc (GOOG)'s Google May Pay  1.6B Back Taxes to France Alphabet Inc (GOOG) s Google May Pay  1.6B Back Taxes to France Meet Boston Dynamics' Atlas: Alphabet Inc's new humanoid robot can stand, walk ... When it's not helping us find movie torrents or implausible weight-loss tips, Google, or more specifically, parent company Alphabet Inc, is hard at work creating the robots that will eventually replace humans as the world's primary workforce.

Alphabet-owned Boston Dynamics has just released a video showing off its new and improved Atlas robot, a bipedal humanoid machine that the military backed robotics company eventually intends to put to use in search and rescue missions.

The "next-generation" model of the robot is untethered, meaning it's free to roam about by itself and can quite confidently traverse tough terrain, open doors and squat down to pick up objects. Atlas achieves these impressive feats thanks to an array of sensors inside its limbs that allow it to maintain balance, while a Light Detection And Ranging (LIDAR) system in the robot's "head" help it analyse and manipulate objects and navigate terrain without bumping into things.

Atlas isn't the only project out of Boston Dynamics: the company is working on a range of robots invariably aimed at helping humans out of sticky situations. One of the more disturbing is BigDog, a lurching, 240lbs (108kg) machine essentially designed to be a robotic pack mule. While it was initially intended to carry equipment for US troops, the idea was scrapped last year over fears that the noise BigDog made could give away soldiers' positions to enemies.

Just to test whether its latest robot can put up with the stresses of everyday life, Atlas's creators subject the machine to a light trolling in the video, knocking boxes out of its hands and shoving it over with a hockey stick. It's a good thing robots don't have the capacity for revenge...yet. Alphabet Unleashes New Humanoid Robot The Boston Dynamics unit of Alphabet Inc. released a video showing a new version of its humanoid robot Atlas walking out of its offices, trudging through a snow-covered forest   and withstanding abuse from its developers.

The new Atlas is smaller than its predecessor and not tethered to a power cord, suggesting the device is progressing in its journey from the lab to the commercial market. Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google Search Denotes AMP Sites With Green Thunderbolt Published By: Myrna Salomon on February 24, 2016 12:43 pm EST

Starting today, Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google Search has started to denote AMP, Accelerated Mobile Pages, websites with a green thunderbolt, as the sites go live today according to schedule. If a user searches for an article on Google News on mobile, the AMP sites will be listed among the other pieces in a carousel, and they will be denoted with a thunderbolt sign in green color.

AMP is an initiative Google began preliminary tests on last year, which will load pages almost instantly, especially optimized when loading them on Google Chrome browser. The webpages loaded through AMP will be a lightweight version of the original web-page, which will load swiftly and will not be cluttered so that the user can sift through with relative ease.

So far, Wall Street Journal, BuzzFeed and Washington Post are among those major websites making their web-pages ready for loading through AMP. As AMP has just started to roll out, more and more websites are expected to put up an AMP-ready version, which could be accessed easily through mobile.

It was last week when AdAge claimed that Google s AMP initiative should kick in from February 24; a date which was neither confirmed nor denied by Google. But it looks like the anonymous sources behind AdAge s tip were well-informed, as AMP sites have started to go live, and Google has started to notify users about them as well.

AMP is part of an industry initiative by Google to provide faster loading web-pages to users with slower internet connections. Similarly, Facebook Inc. s (NASDAQ:FB) Instant Articles is another feature along the same lines, which provides a toned-down version of the original article for reading on slower connections. Instant Articles has proven to be a massive hit amongst users and if Google s AMP wide launch is to be successful and proves to be a long-term solution, then it has to make sure that a wide array of websites supports the format. 
2016-11-20
Google's Nest Rolls Out New Update Allowing Users To View Live Video Feed On ... Search engine giant Google rolled out a new update for its Nest app yesterday that allows its users to use their Nest cam live video feed on Apple s 4th generation TV units and Android TV. The update also offers new features such as a new video clip and sharing tool dubbed  Instaclip. 

The new update has ignited excitement among the users as they will now be able to capture important moments such as birthdays or holiday and share them with their friends and family. However, it is worth noting that the company has rolled out its new Instaclip feature to cater only to users who have subscribed to its Aware subscription service. Adding to that, the search engine giant claims that the feature automatically detects any interesting moment for its users to create a short video clip and share it through Nest App.

Interestingly enough, it seems that the company s main aim behind this update is to offer improved service to its users in a bid to entice them to use its Nest app. In addition, the update also allows iOS users to capture snapshots alongside activity alerts, which was previously not available on Android devices. Also, the update brings a new button to the app that allows users to switch the live video feed to portrait and full-screen viewing mode and help users avoid the hassle of turning on the auto rotate option on their iPhones.

Apple s 4th generation TV users can finally download the new Nest App from the app store to view their live video feed on the big screen. It is worth noting that Nest has yet to integrate the support of HomeKit in its devices which will integrate the live video and several other functionalities to the iPhone maker s home automation hub. 
2016-09-06
Short-Term Option Bulls Take Aim At Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) As is usual for S&P 500 Index (SPX) stocks following Labor Day is making headway -- along with. At last check, GOOGL stock was up 1.3% at $807.33, approaching last month's record high of $813.88. Not surprisingly, call options are in heavy demand.By the numbers, roughly 23,000 GOOGL calls are on the tape, more than doubling the expected intraday amount of 10,000. The most active option is the weekly 9/9 810-strike call, where nearly 3,300 contracts have crossed -- some of which were likely bought to open. For buyers, the goal is for Alphabet stock to topple $810 by Friday's close, when the weekly series expires.In recent months, call buyers have been on the prowl. GOOGL's 50-day call/put volume ratio at the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX) is 1.69, near the top one-third of all readings recorded in the past year. What's more, the stock's gamma-weighted Schaeffer's put/call open interest ratio (SOIR) stands at 0.68, with near-the-money calls in the front three-months' series easily outweighing puts.Options traders are hardly the only ones who are bullish toward GOOGL. An astounding 27 of 29 analysts rate the shares a "buy" or better, with not a single "sell" opinion to be found. Also, despite rising 11% in the most recent reporting period, short interest accounts for a slim 0.4% of the stock's total float.That's not to say Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) isn't deserving of the love it's received on the Street. As alluded to, the stock hit a record high less than a month ago. Plus, GOOGL's quarterly performance has been sensational, with the shares closing in on a 15% gain since the start of July.

Sign up now for Schaeffer's Market Recap to get all the day's big stock movers, must-know technical levels, and top economic stories straight to your inbox. Google Moonshot Acquisition Terra Bella Bound For The Stars Among the jumble of political primary headlines this past spring, you may have missed Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) quietly rebrand its moonshot acquisition "SkyBox," now known as "Terra Bella." This company plans to offer live HD photos and video of the earth's surface through a constellation of small inexpensive satellites on which it owns patents for design and data processing. However this company won't profit simply from offering its data to human eyes. Combining satellite data with Google's machine learning, IT infrastructure, and portfolio of other projects will ensure that this moonshot is bound for the stars.

On September 15th, Arianespace will launch additional SkySat satellites for Terra Bella, substantially increasing the size of its satellite constellation. In its previous launch, the SkySat was transmitting images and video within 48 hours of launch. Last I saw on the SkyBox website (before it was taken down), it had plans to launch 10 before the end of 2016. It's a little bit unclear how far along Terra Bella is with the original SkyBox launch plan, but it's probably currently operating about 2-4 satellites, and this next launch will add 3-5 more depending on the source. These additional satellites will allow Terra Bella to expand data collection and processing efforts as well as get it closer to monetizing in a meaningful way.

Some of you are probably asking right now "that's all well and good  but what's it do?" Let us take a look at three perspectives, commodities traders, CEOs, and insurance companies.

I can't quantify the value of live satellite data for commodities futures trading houses, but I'm sure Google can. Imagine traders with access to live monitoring of oil wells, refineries, mining operations, cargo ship locations, and crop conditions from their trading desks. Using Terra Bella's data they will be able to spot a grain car bottleneck at a rail yard in Nebraska, or the extent of flood-damaged crops in Bangladesh. Markets incorrectly value real world events all the time, though it's not always known exactly when or by how much. Those with access to live satellite data will have an easier time identifying and profiting from these market anomalies.

Chief Executives will soon have another tool in their arsenal. Imagine that a CEO wants to know what her competitors are up to, for instance how far along a construction project really is or how much freight moves through a particular regional warehouse. This is easy enough, just send someone to check it out on foot or get an analyst to crunch some data, right? Now what if that competitor is a privately owned company located in mainland China? This CEO now has the ability to monitor the activities of secretive and remote competitors  for a price of course! A manufacturing CEO could tailor their production to suit actual market conditions as they unfold. A retail CEO could tailor a marketing campaign by comparing traffic in their stores with cars in the parking lots of the targeted competition. Forecasting models could become more accurate based on the data generated. A creative CEO could probably think of ten more applications where Terra Bella could give them a competitive edge.

With live satellite data, the insurance industry will be able to develop more accurate risk models and disaster forecasting. Live monitoring of a disaster can allow for the better deployment of risk adjustors and other human assets on the ground, simultaneously increasing efficiency and effectiveness. Taken a step further, old satellite data may become accessible for the verification of high-value claims and may even reduce instances of fraud. Over time this technology may become indispensable to a large number of very wealthy insurers.

Now let's go beyond Terra Bella's obvious value to outside parties and look at its value to Alphabet, Google, and some of its other experimental programs.

Machine learning will increase the value of data collected by Terra Bella satellites through processing and thus maximizing the value of the limited satellite data. Every scrap of data collected by these satellites can be used, re-used, and even retroactively monetized. AI will digitize analog-to-analog interactions and will combine or compare that with data already located in databases to come up with actionable predictions and recommendations which Google could offer for free (with advertising) or by subscription. Harnessing all of this data and combining it will augment Google's role as an information clearing house in a completely new way.

Terra Bella has the ability today to increase the safety and utility of automated systems like self-driving cars. If implemented, this would not act as a primary guidance system but would act as a redundant system working to increase overall safety in a network of redundant safety systems. Essentially, this technology could increase optimization of self-driving car systems via macro scale management of vehicles.

If we take this line of reasoning another couple moonshot steps further we get a very interesting looking future: Terra Bella data feeding Google servers, processed by Google's DeepMind operating a D-wave quantum computer (for optimization) with data traveling over Google Fiber which acts as the backbone... all acting on a hive of Google cars operating on the metropolitan level. A macro system for automated cars as described would exist exclusively in the Alphabet ecosystem - you could call it vertical integration but at this stage it looks like a potential monopoly. This is how I've come around to seeing Google's moonshot programs, much more a cohesive and logical plan and less like a science fair for billionaires. I for one will be on the lookout to see if Google takes steps to implement a plan integrating its moonshot projects.

In the interim between now and Alphabet's moonshot unification, Alphabet companies will likely enjoy preferential access to information generated by the Terra Bella/Google partnership. It could simply mean a more accurate and up-to-date Waze app or this could manifest as a timing advantage for an X lab project or an investing advantage for Google Ventures. Data sets and correlations discovered by Google/Terra Bella could prove invaluable for fragile fledgling projects and companies under Google's wing. Remember, Google has a massive back catalog of user data it can draw on, which is an advantage most of its potential competitors simply do not enjoy. One possible competitor, Orbital Insight, is partially funded by Google Ventures  that is the sort of competition I think investors like to see.

Google has immense long term vision and so I am long GOOG and GOOGL and plan to acquire more when it follows tech stocks down.

Sources:

aviationweek.com/space/what-does-google-...

www.sat-nd.com/

www.satellitetoday.com/launch/2016/04/06.../

spaceflightnow.com/2016/06/22/photos-psl.../

www.arianespace.com/mission-update/vega-.../

Disclosure: I am/we are long GOOG, GOOGL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Desperate Alphabet Inc (GOOGL)'s Google Tries For Tablet Market Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Google has underperformed rivals in the hardware division of the tech industry. It has great products. Android, Adsense, YouTube, Chrome, Gmail, and Google Search are just few of the great products in its ecosystem; yet, the firm lacks a decent hardware division to complement its software.

Lately though, the tech industry has been abuzz with rumors that the firm might want to launch a hardware division for its Android OS. Hence, Android users have been hoping to see a Google/Pixel/or Nexus device make its debut. However, one of the most prolific leakers in the tech space has revealed that Google will be working with Huawei to build a 7-inch tablet.

Meet Google s Huawei tablet

Google has not been generally successful in the hardware industry   its Nexus smartphones created to showcase the pure capabilities of Android have also not recorded much success in the market. The problem with Nexus is twofold.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Firstly, Nexus smartphones are designed and built by third-party firms (LG or Huawei) and the OEM tend to make the decision on physical features and specs. Secondly, Google is working with  second-class  phone makers and neither of LG nor Huawei has the marketing prowess that could position Nexus devices against Apple s iPhones or Samsung s smartphones.

However, Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Google has hinted that it would be more involved in the design of Nexus products going forward. In fact, Google CEO Sundar Pichai has hinted that his firm will exert more control on the design of future Nexus devices and he might drop the Nexus brand to adopt  Google  or  Pixel  as brands for its smartphones going forward.

Evan Blass has revealed tidbits about a Google tablet in a tweet posted yesterday and it would be exciting to see how the device fares in the market when it debuts. Blass tweets that  Google s Huawei-built 7-inch tablet, with 4GB RAM, on track for release before the end of the year .

Can the new Alphabet Google tablets displace Apple s iPad mini?

Alphabet(NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Google is billed to hold an October 4 event where it will introduce its new generation of products. The rumor mill has posited that the firm will unveil two Nexus phones named Pixel and Pixel XL   the phones might also be named Google Pixel and Google Pixel XL. Observers also expect the firm to unveil a new Chromecast dongle enabled for 4K content, a Daydream VR headset and now, the Google tablet will join the list.

Google s Android tablets have never really gotten a foothold in a market dominated by Apple s iPad, Microsoft s Surface Pro and Samsung Galaxy tabs. However, Google is positioning its new tablets to compete with Apple s iPad mini and win. The specs of the upcoming Google tablets are still hazy but it is obvious that the 7-inch dimension is meant to compete with Apple s iPad mini sporting 7.9-inches dimensions.

However, October is just around the corner and it would be nice to see Google breakaway from its usual pattern of building mediocre hardware. If the new Google tablet runs pure Android and Google exerts a premium feel to its design and features; Apple might need to go back to the drawing board for the iPad mini to retain its market share. 
2016-06-16
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Faces Lawsuit Regarding Project Loon Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is facing a lawsuit filed against it by a company called Space Data Corporation regarding Project Loon, an Alphabet initiative to launch balloons in the stratosphere to cover internet coverage gaps.

The lawsuit claims that Google stole Wi-Fi technology that it uses in Project Loon. Space Data Corporation claims that it invented the technology more than ten years ago. The Arizona tech firm filed the lawsuit in a Federal court in San Jose on Monday. The firm claims that Google stole the ideas during a meeting between top executives of both companies in 2007.

Alphabet launched Project Loon as a research project with the aim of setting up a wireless network in the sky which would make it possible to deliver high-speed internet to places that do not have high-speed and quality internet connections. Space Data revealed two patents that suggest that the firm has rights over the technology which seeks to provide the internet through a network of balloons. Space Data filed for the patents in 1999. The company argues that Project Loon violates the patent rights.

Alphabet also owns a few patents based on Project Loon, though its patents do not refer to the technology provided by Space Data. The latter currently has two products which include SkySite and SkySat, which plan to offer internet connectivity based on balloons just like Project Loon. Though Space Data s system is not used on a large scale, the firm has FCC licenses that grant authority to offer broadband spectrum services in areas that experience low internet coverage in the Gulf of Mexico and Alaska.

Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin visited Space Data s offices in 2008 together with ten other executives before the company came up with the idea for Project Loon. This suggests that Alphabet might have acquired the idea from Space Data. It had been thought that the visit would materialize into an acquisition deal, but that did not happen. Alphabet came up with Project Loon three years after the visit. Space Data also claims that the Alphabet executives signed a non-disclosure agreement before the visit and argued that Project Loon is evidence that they violated those agreements.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Cintas and Google collaborating on smart garment technology  Google announces a dedicated machine learning research group in Europe  
2016-02-10
Instant Analysis: Alphabet Inc.'s CEO Rewarded With Record Stock Bonus What happened?

According to a recent Securities and Exchange Commission filing, Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) CEO Pichai Sundar was just rewarded for his hard work with a whopping 273,328 shares of class C shares. At its current stock price of about $673, Sundar's massive payday equates to nearly $184 million.

As is often the case when executives are awarded large stock-based compensation, Sundar's new shares will vest over time, in his case, each quarter through 2019 assuming he still holds the position of CEO during that span. The nearly $200 million windfall is the largest Alphabet has awarded any of its executives, and based on its relatively short vesting period, rivals that of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook's deal when he took over the top job from Steve Jobs.

Does it matter?

iFans may recall Apple made some waves about four years ago when it filed its own SEC document detailing what was then about $400 million in stock-based compensation for Cook, who was its new CEO. However, half of Cook's shares will vest for the first time this year, and then he'll need to wait until 2021 to access the remaining 50%.

These huge paydays may seem a bit over the top and are sure to raise the ire of pundits wanting to rein in executive compensation. That said, considering the massive size of both Alphabet and Apple -- not to mention the large cash hoards on their respective balance sheets -- Sundar's $200 million over the next three years won't even make a dent. Except to Sundar, of course. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Takes Aim at Tesla Motors and Amazon with Self-driving Trucks Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) has at least one company for every letter of the Alphabet. The firm is big, it has deep pockets, it is jostling with Apple for the title of world s most-valuable company, and it can afford to delve into new business interests without bothering about whose ox is gored. On Monday, Alphabet sent blows to the likes of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB).

Now, Alphabet is preparing to send fresh blows to Tesla and Amazon as the firm teases about self-driving trucks that can handle deliveries. Alphabet is already in the autonomous driving race with Tesla Motors, and it has a fleet of self-driving cars that are being tested in 3 U.S. cities. Alphabet s Google also has a delivery service that is being tested in two U.S. cities. Now, Alphabet might be working towards combining the two businesses as revealed by new patents.

Alphabet wants to build driverless trucks

Quartz reports that Alphabet has been granted new patent that suggests that the firm is thinking about building self-driving delivery trucks. The patent describes an  autonomous  delivery platform with trucks. The self-driving trucks will probably be outfitted with Google s self-driving car technology to rival Tesla s move towards self-driving cars with autopilot features. Alphabet s interest in self-driving trucks suggests that the firm can match up with Tesla on any moves that the EV maker makes on autonomous driving technology.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Last month, Tesla Motor s CEO, Elon Musk has revealed that he might be interested in building EV trucks. In his words,  I think it is quite likely we will do a truck in the future  I think it s sort of a logical thing for us to do in the future.  Of course, Tesla Motors and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) are probably thinking about different kinds of trucks   Tesla is most likely thinking about a pick-up truck while Alphabet might be thinking of something like a  moving-van  kind of truck.

However, it appears that both Alphabet and Tesla would be playing catch up to Daimler Ag (maker of Mercedes Benz) because the firm has obtained the license to test out an 18-wheel driverless truck way back in May 2015. Tesla and Alphabet have concentrated on self-driving cars for retail consumers but Daimler is ahead of the curve on commercial self-driving applications and self-driving trucks might be the next big thing.

Alphabet to take over the delivery space from Amazon

Alphabet and Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) have been in a long-running battle over the future of retail and deliveries. Alphabet s Google Express delivery service is a direct rival to AmazonFresh as both services seek to deliver fresh food in the U.S. Alphabet s Project Wing, which seeks to deliver packages with drones, is also a direct rival to the proposed Amazon Prime Air that seeks to use Octopecter drones to deliver packages.

Now, Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) wants to deliver packages in Amazon Locker style in order reduce Amazon s clout in the retail delivery space. The truck-based delivery system that Alphabet patented will be fitted a number of lockers that you can unlock with a PIN code, credit card, or NFC reader when the truck gets to your location. The truck gets to your location, parks itself, you locate your locker number, input the code, retrieve your package, and the truck heads away to the next delivery point. 
2016-12-07
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) News: X Wants to Create 'Wing Marketplace' to Offer $6 ... Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ: GOOG , GOOGL ) X wants to create a  Wing Marketplace  for drone deliveries.

The idea behind the Wing Marketplace is that it will allow customers to place orders and have them delivered in a short period of time. It would cost customers $6 for the drone deliveries. However, Alphabet Inc has been having trouble getting drones ready for deliveries.

Alphabet Inc has had two successful tests delivering goods to non-employee customers. One took place in 2014 with a delivery to an Australian rancher. The other had it delivering burritos to Virginia Tech students and teachers. This test took place in September and deliveries were made from a Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE: CMG ) truck only a few hundred feet away.

Alphabet Inc is reportedly in talks with restaurants and retailers about its Wing Marketplace. Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ: WFM ) and Domino s Pizza, Inc. (NYSE: DPZ ) are among these restaurants. X was also in talks with Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX ) about the idea, but it wasn t interested due to certain restrictions, reports The Wall Street Journal.

Alphabet Inc isn t the only company that wants to use drones for deliveries. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) has been making its own progress with drone deliveries. It revealed earlier this this that it wants to deliver packages to customers within half an hour. However, a launch date and delivery prices have not been announced.

United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE: UPS ) is also looking into drone deliveries. It started conducting its own tests with drone maker CyPhy Works in September. The delivery service has also been using drones inside of its own warehouses for different tasks.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet X to create 'Wing Marketplace'  
2016-01-28
Alphabet Inc   2 Profitable Options for GOOGL Stock Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL) steps into the earnings confessional on Monday to release its fourth-quarter earnings report. You may remember that we took an early look at Alphabet stock as an earnings play back on Jan. 5.

At the time, I had expected the company to overcome the broader market weakness due to Alphabet s long-term strength. But with GOOGL down more than 6% since, those expectations failed to bear fruit.

That said, there is still a solid earnings-related options strategy that should payoff. Before we get to that, though, let s take a fresh look at the data driving GOOGL stock.

Fourth-quarter earnings are still expected to rise 19.8% year-over-year at $8.10 per share, with revenue gaining 14.8% to $20.78 billion. Remember, too, that Google has missed the consensus estimate in every quarter for nearly the past two years.

This fact hasn t stopped bullish speculation from the analyst community, however. For instance, Alphabet has a fourth-quarter whisper number of $8.19 per share, nine cents better than the consensus.

What s more, 49 of the 52 analysts following Alphabet stock rate it a buy or better, compared to three holds an no sell ratings. There is room for potential improvement, however, as the 12-month price target of $853 represents a modest premium of only about 19% to GOOGL s Wednesday close.

On the options front, GOOGL s February put-call open interest ratio has plunged sharply from when we last checked in early January, dropping from 0.9 to 0.76. The weekly Feb. 5 series ratio, however, has fallen considerably further, plunging from 0.75 to its current perch of 0.41, with calls more than doubling puts among options most affected by next week s quarterly report.



Click to Enlarge Overall, weekly Feb. 5 series implieds are pricing in a potential post-earnings move of about 6.6%. Currently, this places the upper bound at $767.68, while the lower bound lies at $672.32. A breach of $700 would be significant for GOOGL bears, while $780 is the real upside limit for any short-term move.

2 Options for GOOGL Stock

Put Sell: While I would like to play calls on GOOGL ahead of Monday s report, I believe a more cautious stance is warranted in the current market environment. The Feb. $650 put that we looked at on Jan. 5 still looks solid as long as GOOGL plays nice, but a deeper out-of-the-money position might be more prudent for anyone just getting into a pre-earnings trade.

Specifically, the weekly Feb $600 put has a good chance of finishing out next Friday. At last check, this put was bid at $2.30, or $230 per contract. As usual, you keep the premium as long as GOOGL stock closes above $600 when these options expire. The downside is that should GOOGL trade below $600 ahead of expiration, you could be assigned 100 shares for each sold put at a cost of $600 per share.

Call Spread: If you are really jonesing for a straight bull play on GOOGL stock, then a Feb $750/$760 bull call spread has potential At last check, this spread was offered at $4, or $400 per pair of contracts.

Breakeven lies at $754, while a maximum profit of $6, or $600 per pair of contracts, is possible if GOOGL closes at or above $760 when February options expire.

As of this writing, Joseph Hargett did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Google Bringing Facial Recognition Tech To Your Smartphone Google (now Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)) is now working to bring facial recognition technology to your smartphones. The firm on January 27 entered into an agreement with Silicon Valley chip designer Movidius to accelerate the adoption of deep learning within mobile devices. Under the terms of the deal, Google will source Movidius processors alongside the entire Movidius software development environment and in turn contribute to Movidius  neural network technology roadmap.

To put it in simpler terms, Google will place Movidius  MA2450 chip inside Android handsets. This will allow the device to recognize images such as faces and street signs in real terms, without requiring to use cloud-based apps. The heavy computation for the process would be done internally, allowing for data to stay on device and provide proper functionality without the need of an internet connection and with fewer latency issues. This will result in a more personal and contexualized computing experience in future products, which will have the ability to recognize images and audio with high speed and accuracy.

Currently, image recognition is done through certain apps which with remote data centers to tap into advanced artificial intelligence techniques for performing facial recognition and other tasks.

New technology will help disabled

According to The Wall Street Journal, Google is looking to develop different applications for the new, experimental smartphones that can identify faces and objects in real time. This will include  identifying people to authorize transactions, aiding blind people and translating signs .

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Such a phone, if successfully built by Google, will have huge potential benefits for people with disabilities. Visually-challenged people will be able to more easily maneuver urban areas or strike up a conversation with familiar people on the street. It can be imagined as an extended version of the firm s Google Translate function, which allows users to translate foreign language just by holding the phone in front of the text. Another mobile app and image hosting service- Google Photos, can store and analyze images uploaded from smartphones. Users can simply type the names of objects, such as flowers or houses or mountains, to find the corresponding image. However, to use this app, you need to be connected to Google servers. Moreover, an image takes time to upload and it may not be always possible since it depends on the availability of a wireless connection.

Alphabet Building on technology partnership

Movidius, which specializes in computer vision, has previously collaborated with Google on Project Tango, an initiative aimed at allowing phones to 3D map real-world environments.

  What Google has been able to achieve with neural networks is providing us with the building blocks for machine intelligence, laying the groundwork for the next decade of how technology will enhance the way people interact with the world,  says Blaise Ag era y Arcas, head of Google s machine intelligence group in Seattle.

 By working with Movidius, we re able to expand this technology beyond the data center and out into the real world, giving people the benefits of machine intelligence on their personal devices,  adds Blaise.

Meanwhile, Movidius CEO Remi El-Ouazzane commented:  The technological advances Google has made in machine intelligence and neural networks are astounding. The challenge in embedding this technology into consumer devices boils down to the need for extreme power efficiency, and this is where a deep synthesis between the underlying hardware architecture and the neural compute comes in. 

 Movidius  mission is to bring visual intelligence to devices so that they can understand the world in a more natural way. This partnership with Google will allow us to accelerate that vision in a tangible way,  the CEO further stated.

The financial terms of the new deal have not been disclosed yet, nor has Google revealed when such technology would reach the market.

Remi El-Ouazzane, however, has hinted that the technology would likely be available in the  not-too-distant future  rather than being launched sometime quite late in the future. This is an exciting prospect as we may see such face recognition technology soon in the new Nexus devices or the Nexus phones to be launched in 2017. Analysis: Alphabet Inc Will NEVER Buy Twitter Inc   GOOG, TWTR There s been a lot of hopeful jibber-jabber from Twitter Inc (TWTR) shareholders over the last year or so about which one of the big Silicon Valley titans will inevitably acquire the company. Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL) is the most prominently mentioned buyer.

People throw around names like Facebook (FB) and Apple (AAPL), too, but people are prone to wishful thinking.

Sometimes, investors get caught up daydreaming and ignore reality. Before they know it, their favorite stock is down 40%.

Such is the case of the hopeful Twitter stock speculator, hoping for some other Silicon Valley giant to swoop in and buy the company for a premium.

That s not gonna happen, and, if it does happen, it sure as hell won t be Google. Here s why I m so confident:

GOOG Is Going Real-Time

As much as I m a card-carrying hater of Twitter stock, I must admit, it has something that Google doesn t: a live-stream of other user-generated data that you can interact with, respond to, make fun of, whatever.

In fact, that s one of the reasons Twitter stock holders, in their delirium, suggest GOOG should buy the social media company. Not only does Google get more than 300 million monthly active users, it gets data on those users, allowing Google to better target advertisements and compete with Facebook, which is gobbling up an ever-larger percentage of online ad dollars.

Well, Google doesn t need to buy TWTR for that   it can do this largely on its own. Hoping to get a greater percentage of politically minded individuals on its site during debates, GOOG is rolling out a new feature for Thursday s GOP debate, the last before the Iowa caucus.

Google struck a deal with Fox, so when users search  Fox News debate  starting at 7 p.m. on Thursday, they ll be greeted with a series of candidate  cards  portraying each candidate s platform and views. Instead of taking to Twitter to see what people are saying about the debate, users will be able to see real-time rebuttals and clarifications from campaigns as the debate rages on.

And instead of 140 characters, each candidate will be allotted 14,400 characters, as well as a total of 10 photos and videos. GOOG will also feature live data from Google Trends on some of the trending searches during the debate, as well as a minute-by-minute update on the most-searched candidates.

So how exactly is this a blow to TWTR? Well, not only is Google doing its own real-time thing, it s using its renewed deal with Twitter from last year to feature tweets from candidates, and relevant tweets about what s going on in the debate.

As it turns out, licensing data from Twitter is much less expensive than buying the $11.6 billion company at a premium. TWTR could drop another 50% and Google still wouldn t touch it. Hell, before last year s renewed deal, GOOG went four full years without licensing Twitter s data. How invaluable can it actually be?

At the end of the day, it always pays for investors to be honest and realistic with themselves. And the honest truth is: Google doesn t need Twitter. No one needs Twitter.

When all the speculators come to their senses and get out of the stock, it ll be even lower than it is today.

As of this writing, John Divine was long AAPL stock. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google Accused of Tax Evasion by Italian Authorities Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) subsidiary Google is under investigation by the Italian tax police, who suspect the tech giant of having evaded $247.5 million (227 million euros) in taxes in their country between 2009 and 2013.

The report, which is scheduled to be handed over to Google later today, couldn t have come at a worse time. Citizens all over Europe, angry over perception that they mostly shouldered the burden of reviving their individual country economies, are criticizing multinationals that haul away their profits to offshore tax havens such as Bermuda.

EU Antitrust Regulator Weighs In 

When requested for a comment about the Italian tax report, a Google spokesperson said:  Google complies with the tax laws in every country where we operate. We are continuing to work with the relevant authorities. 

At the same time, the European Union antitrust watchdog on Thursday disclosed plans to investigate the back tax deal agreed to by Google and Her Majesty s Revenue & Customs after an unnamed person linked to the Scottish National Party voiced concerns in a letter. The announcement came after Margrethe Vestager, a European Competition Commissioner, said on BBC radio that she was ready to investigate Google s tax settlement provided she received an official complaint.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Recent figures show that Google paid taxes totaling 2.2 million euros in Italy in 2014 out of revenues of 54.4 million euros. However, the country s Communications Authority insists that the Internet giant earned revenues about 10 times more.

The Italian tax authorities disclosed that Google lowered its tax bill by saying the company is based in Ireland rather than in Italy.

Last week, Google reached a deal with the UK tax authorities to pay 130 million pounds ($185 million), a figure termed as  derisory  by the opposition Labor Party. Google s British tax bill was around 200 million pounds in the past 10 years. The company earned revenues estimated at 24 billion pounds in the UK, a figure that should net in taxes of about 2 billion pounds. The calculation is based on Britain s 30 percent company tax rate.

Investigation Follows Apple s Settlement

A month ago, Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) reached a settlement with Italian tax authorities to pay 318 million euros to clear accusations that it didn t pay taxes earned for six years. The Cupertino, California-based tech firm was accused of failure to declare at least $1.3 billion (1 billion euros) of revenue to the authorities in 2013.

However, investigations revealed that Apple, through its subsidiary Apple Italia paid $32.77 million (30 million euros) in taxes. The findings triggered further inquiry that resulted in Google having to pay taxes relating to 2008-13 period.

The European Commission on Thursday waded into the issue of how multinationals should be taxed by proposing that EU countries should tax corporate profits earned within their jurisdiction, regardless of whether such profits have been shipped to tax havens. Most of the multinationals under tax investigations are mostly in the tech sector. Alphabet Argues for Quicker Regulatory Path for Fully Autonomous Cars Google parent Alphabet Inc. said Thursday that fully autonomous cars are safer than those where a driver can take control, and called on California to quickly finalize rules for the emerging technology.

Chris Urmson, the technical head of the self-driving car project, told a hearing convened by California s Department of Motor Vehicles that the company s autonomous-vehicle software is improving quickly and will soon be ready for... Two-Person Board Committees Exist at Some Big Firms A two-person board committee? They exist even at some of America s biggest companies.

The committees that figure out the pay for top executives at Yahoo Inc. and Alphabet Inc., the parent of Google, have only two board members. That s also true for the committees that recommend new directors for Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. and Netflix Inc.

A two-member committee  is out of step with how other boards operate,   says Michelle... 
2016-04-13
Alphabet Inc. Nest Has Been Disappointing But All Hope Is Not Lost Google bought Nest Labs in 2014 but the investment has failed to meet revenue targets.

Google might decide to sell Nest Labs when the initial merger agreement ends later this year.

Google's bottom line is likely to see considerable improvements once the company starts cutting off its unprofitable investments.

But alas, two years down the line Nest Labs has not turned out exactly the way Google and its investors would have hoped for. And, it's beginning to increasingly look like Google might have to write-off Nest as just another bad investment. The business brought in just $340M in revenue for Google in 2015, and that is after you include revenue from Dropcam, which Nest acquired for $555M just months after the merger with Google. When you back out revenue from Dropcam, which has turned out to be yet another bad investment, Nest Labs failed to hit the $300M revenue target that Google had set for the business for 2015.

Part of the agreement when Google was negotiating terms for the merger with Nest Labs stipulated that Google would continue to support Nest with an annual operating budget of ~$500M and in return Nest would ensure that its key engineers and executives stayed onboard. The deal was set to last three years which means it will run out at the end of the current year. After that all bets are off regarding whether Google will agree to continue supporting Nest Labs or whether it will let the investment run itself to the ground.

All Hope Is Not Lost

Nest Labs happens to be one of Google's major non-core assets, the others being Verily (formerly Google Life Sciences), Google Fiber, and self-drive cars. There are a couple of reasons advanced by observers to explain the dismal performance of Nest Labs with much blame being apportioned to Nest CEO Tony Fadell and his abrasive leadership style. Google investors have long blamed the company's heavy investments in the so-called moonshot projects for putting a lot of pressure on the company's bottom line. In fact, one of the reasons why Google restructured the company under core Google and Alphabet was to give better transparency into these new businesses as well as shed more light into non-search ad businesses such as YouTube and Google Play.

Google reports results for its moonshot projects under the ''Other Bets'' segment. Google reported that Other Bets brought in revenue of just $448M in 2015, which is actually much less than what many analysts and investors previously thought. Obviously many of these businesses are still at their infancy without much revenue to speak off. In fact only Nest, Fiber and Verily brought any kind of revenue for Google in 2015. Even with Google's improved reporting, businesses such as Verily are still shrouded in mystery and it's hard to come across any estimates regarding their respective revenues. All that is known of Verily is that it has so far managed to cut seven deals with medical companies since its inception in 2013 by Google.

Google Fiber has managed to break ground in at 18 cities with plans to roll out the service in many more cities. Many analysts see Fiber as having good revenue potential, but it is gobbling up huge amounts of infrastructure capex.

Google is considered one of the early leaders in self-driving cars, and its autonomous cars have logged in millions of miles so far in actual road tests. Google cars have a pretty good safety track record and it's only recently that one of its vehicles was involved in a serious accident implying the vehicles are much safer than human-driven cars. Nevertheless the reality is that it will probably take not less than 5-7 years before appropriate legislation is enacted to make autonomous cars a reality on U.S. roads.

So despite the disappointing performance by Nest Labs, some of Google's moonshot projects appear quite promising

Investors are probably not as interested in the individual performance of Google's moonshot projects as they are in the kind of impact these businesses have on the company's bottom line. The 'other bets' segment reported an operating loss of ($3,567M) in 2015 compared to an operating profit of $23,425M for core-Google (Google Still Gives The Best ROIs In Online Marketing, its core business). The loss was 84% higher compared to the previous year.

Investors will probably be wishing that Google jettisons duds like Nest Labs that have been weighing heavily on the company's profits but do not appear likely to go anywhere. While investors will appreciate the revenue contribution from these businesses, the real opportunities lie in cutting their costs and easing the pressure on the company's bottom line. If Google starts selling its unprofitable bets, then it could do wonders for the company's profits and for Google stock as well. Internet Of Things: Google's Nest Retires Revolv By Greg Miller

At the height of the personal computer revolution in the 1980s, several companies saw the boom approaching and tried to profit from it by writing the operating software and making the machines that would lead the charge.

The winners, of course, were Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) with its DOS software and Windows operating system, Intel Corp. (NASDAQ:INTC) with the semiconductors that controlled the machines, and to a lesser extent Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) (Apple's larger fortunes came in the post-PC era).

As for the others? Well, if consumers or businesses made big investments in software for other operating systems, they were out of luck. Those investments ultimately became useless, as software writers abandoned these platforms in favor of the eventual winners.

Fast-forward to today, and we have a similar situation brewing in the Internet of Things (IoT).

So, who'll be on the right side of this revolution?

Who'll Win the Internet of Everything?

The same abandonment dynamic that plagued early adopters of PCs is already occurring in the market for controllers of the IoT.

We've discussed before how companies are creating "universes" that can control the mind-boggling array of devices that will be operated by a single interface.

But as with any technology, there are winners and losers.

The winners are yet to be determined. But one of the losers was outed this week.

End of the Road for Revolv

Revolv was an early home IoT "universe."

It could control a home's lighting, the Nest thermostat, Sonos speakers, and more. Indeed, it was perhaps the first true "universe" in that it could control devices from several manufacturers.

You'd think it would have significant "first-mover" advantage, right?

Well, it did. In 2014, Alphabet/Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) bought Revolv for its Nest home IoT business.

But it didn't want Revolv's customer list or even its current device. It just wanted some of the technology and the company's employees - mostly engineers schooled in the technology that makes these systems work.

Nest was clear at the time of the acquisition that it didn't intend to continue the Revolv product, but didn't say what would eventually happen to it.

Now we know.

Nest is shutting down Revolv completely on May 15.

And the impact on Revolv users is far worse than it was for users of old computers during the growth of PCs.

That's because even if a PC operating system or computer was discontinued, at least the physical device and any software would continue to work until the user decided on the next platform.

But Revolv depends on Nest's cloud to operate, and so when Nest shuts down Revolv next month, Revolv's "universe" will die with it and existing devices will simply cease to function. It will basically become a useless brick sitting on customers' tables.

OK, so what? Technologies and companies come and go all the time, right?

What Can Consumers Learn From the Revolv Retirement?

Well, many tech analysts believe the prospect of a disappearing universe could signal a significant barrier to the adoption of home IoT devices and controllers. After all, who wants to pay for something that could be useless in 18 months?

I think that fear is baseless.

Nest is currently considering some form of compensation to existing Revolv users in order to contain the damage.

And since we love early adopters of new technologies, we hope Nest makes a generous offer to Revolv customers. But even if it doesn't, this event won't be anything more than a hiccup on the road toward the adoption of home automation.

Consider this:

There are only around 1,200 Revolv customers.

The tech sector has become so adept at keeping consumers on an upgrade cycle that many customers expect to replace their devices every two years anyway, even if their chosen "universe" remains intact.

The Revolv device only cost around $300, so we're not talking about a $3,000 computer or even a $600 smartphone.

That being said, Revolv's story is a useful cautionary tale for potential customers of new technologies.

An increasing number of technology products depend on having connectivity to its maker's servers, or to the internet and the cloud.

And given the ferocious competitive challenges in the technology marketplace, even market leaders can face a terrifyingly fast downfall if they get things wrong.

Two tips for you:

Carefully consider the strength of any company that offers a connected service.

Insist on interoperability - the ability to work with a variety of "universes."

Original post Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google Dreaming Big In Africa While Tax Scrutiny Vows Grow ... Published By: Patrick Arruda on April 13, 2016 11:32 am EST

Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google says it is planning to scale up its  digital skills training program  and for that, it has promised 1 million African residents to provide them with the apt training and facilities. The tech giant believes that this move would help in reducing the unemployment numbers in the continent.

A million Africans would be accommodated in the training program which is scheduled to start next year.

In a statement released yesterday, the company said it has decided to train 300,000 residents in South Africa. It is a country where more than one-third of the people ageing between 15 to 34 years are without jobs. Under the training program, another 400,000 residents belonging to Nigeria, 200,000 Kenyans and 100,000 residents from other sub-Saharan African countries would be trained.

The country head for Google in South Africa, Luke Mckend said:  Google is in Africa for the long haul and we are making an investment in talent. We hope that the people trained will become pioneers in the field and do great things in digital for companies and for Google. 

Mr. Mckend also added that a lot more efforts need to be invested in the African continent which would boost the area s digital development. Further, he said in today s world the Internet has a lot to offer, one can start a new business and bolster their existing businesses through reaching untapped markets. Mr. Mckend reaffirmed the tech giant s commitment to help African people grow in and adapt the digital revolution.

While Google has come with a strategy to support its credentials as  good corporate citizens  through promising jobs in Africa, the company along with other huge tech firms of United States such as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) is under global public scrutiny for paying relatively less taxes outside the country.

There have been several instances where these companies have claimed to have funded educational programs free-of-cost and also boast about the improvement in employment numbers their businesses have caused. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Google Working On Making Android Hands Free Published By: Angela Campbell on April 13, 2016 08:31 am EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has just launched a beta for Voice Access, a new accessibility feature aimed at people who have a handicap which prevents them from using their android devices with their hands. The feature however, has a vast number of implications for productivity as Google ramps up the roll out of new voice features for its android operating system.

In their recent blogpost, Google highlighted the new accessibility option on mobile. The company has quoted research that 20% of the population are victim to some type of handicap during their life time and thus require alternative ways to interact with technology instead of the conventional touch interface available these days. The two major ways in which Google is approaching the problem is to provide support features for people with some sort of visual impairment or those who cannot or do not want to use touch and voice feedback and input is key to both.

For starters Android N, the next flavor of android that will be coming to users will have Vision settings with features such as magnification and configuring font size etc. but also a feature called Talkback that allows users to use their device by communicating with it through audio commands. The other is Voice Access which in its beta stage and provides a major expansion to talk back by letting users manipulate their devices purely through audio commands. In a different note, Google is bringing some of this functionality to its Google Docs, allowing the productivity suit to be used to create, edit and format documents through voice input alone.

Voice Over is just getting started, harnessing the huge range of functionality that is part of the android ecosystem and many users will currently be unable to try it out as Google s quota of testers for the features is already full. However, voice input and output is a promising field and will bring new levels of multitasking capability for android users. Google s  Google Now  feature is currently the best in the market but still has limited capability and its voice features cannot be used inside apps. 
2016-04-21
GOOGL Stock: Alphabet Inc. Q116 Earnings Whisper All eyes will be on GOOGL stock after today s close. Wall Street analysts are on average expecting Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) to post $20.37 billion in sales during the quarter. This would show a 4.50% decline from the Q415 revenue of $21.33 billion, and an increase of 32.10% from the same period in Q115. EPS in Q116 are expected to come in at $7.96, a growth rate of 21.16% from $6.57 per share a year earlier. Meanwhile, EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $8.02 per share.

As a quick reminder, Google reported Q415 EPS of $8.67, $0.59 better than the Street s consensus estimate. Revenue increased 47.10% YoY to $21.33 billion versus the $20.77 billion consensus.

Google Stock Share Performance

Alphabet gained $0.60 to $775.52 in morning trading today, putting the company s value at 524.80 billion. Shares have traded between $771.55 and $781.68 with the price of the stock fluctuating between $532.24 to $810.35 over the last 52 weeks. Approximately 500K shares have already changed hands, compared to the stock s average daily volume of 2.36M shares.

On valuation-measures, shares of Alphabet have a trailing-12 and forward P/E of 32.87 and 19.13, respectively. P/E to growth ratio is 1.39, while t-12 profit margin is 21.80%. EPS registers at 23.59. The search giant has a market cap of $533.81 billion and a median Street price target of $916.00 with a high target of $1,080.00.

On trading-measure, GOOGL has a beta of 0.91 and a short float of 3.5 million. In the past 52 weeks, shares of Mountain View, California-based company have traded between a low of $532.24 and a high of $810.35 with its 50-day MA and 200-day MA located at $755.89 and $742.73 levels, respectively.

Alphabet currently prints a one year return of about 43% and a year-to-date loss of less than one percent. Alphabet Inc.'s Google (GOOG) in Denial Regarding EU Law Breaking Alphabet Inc. s Google has been busy denying accusations by the European Union that it breaches antitrust laws by forcing its Android operating system to give preferential treatment to is own mobile apps.

Margrethe Vestager, EU Antitrust Commissioner, said Wednesday that the behavior limits consumer choice in the mobile apps market and hinders innovation.

The Android operating system features Google products such as its YouTube video service, search engine, Gmail and maps. This gives the company a wider platform-or a bigger captive market- to sell digital ads.

While original equipment manufacturers are freed from the burden of developing the Android software, the EU is investigating if the firm punishes companies that fail to install its preferred design. Google has been accused of locking out competing Android modifications (forks)m such as CyanogenMod, from obtaining business with handset manufacturers through exclusivity contracts. Google also uses such contracts to lock out any Google Search competitors from being pre-installed in the Android platform.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

The EU has filed the  Statement of Objections , in which it specifically accuses Google of forcing its mobile apps on consumers.

Google Could be Fined $7.5 Billion in the Antitrust Case

Google has flatly denied the charges, with its attorneys saying they are ready to resolve any issues with the EU competition watchdog. If Google is found guilty of breaching the EU antitrust laws, it will be fined up to 10 percent of all its revenue. This translates a fine of $7.5 billion based on its 2015 revenues. The Internet giant could also be forced to overhaul the entire Android distribution system

The EU has also in the past accused the firm of tinkering with its search engine to favor its own shopping comparison site, something the latter has also angrily denied.

Vestager has been quick to note that Google commands a market share of 90 percent for Internet search service in Europe, Android app stores and licensable smart mobile OS. She thinks the company has misused its privileged positions in those three market segments. Android system is used in four out of every five tablets and smartphones used globally.

Google dislodged the Apple Inc. s flagship iPhone from the top perch in global mobile sales by offering its Android software for free to device makers.

Due to its marekt dominance, losing the EU case could mean that Google will lose big in the mobile ad market. The company forecasts revenue earned from mobile ads to reach $34 billion, a two-fold increase from $16 billion two years ago, research firm eMarketer reports.

Understandably, the EU charges have unsettled investors, with Alphabet shares falling $1.33 to $774.92 on Wednesday.

Some Device Makers Use their Own Android Apps

Google is expected to counter EU s claims that its restricts manufacturers licensed to use Android from modifying it by saying its agreements allow such firms to install and modify such software anytime they wish.

Quite a number of handset manufacturers do include Google s mobile apps but don t list them as default. For example, Samsung makes it own browser as the default one instead of Chrome. It has also started including Microsoft s mobile Office suite rather than Google s.

The company has up to 12 weeks to defend itself against Vestager s objections.

The EU accusations follows a decision by Canadian competition watchdog to clear Google of charges that it was abusing its dominance in online search ad market to stifle its rivals.

The Competition Bureau said that it verified one allegation against Google that it enforced anti-codmpetitive clauses to lock out competitors. However, it acknowledged that the firm rectified such issues in 2013 after it was taken to task by U.S. authorities.

Google was cleared of other accusations, such as claims of manipulating search results to show company-related links than others as well as according its other services preferential treatment. Alphabet announces Q1 2016 revenue of $20.3 billion, misses expectations As expected, Alphabet has today shared its earnings results for the first quarter of 2016. The company is reporting revenue of $20.3 billion, which is up from $17.3 billion in the same quarter last year, but misses analyst expectations. Additionally, the company reports a net income of $3.5 billion for the first quarter of 2016. Based on these results, Alphabet stock is down over 4 percent in after-hours trading.

Last quarter, Q4 2015, Alphabet reported strong earnings of $21.3 billion billion in revenue and $3.97 billion in net income. These numbers made the company s stock soar and even led to Alphabet, albeit it briefly, overtaking Apple as the world s most valuable company.

As usual, Alphabet is hold an earnings call with investors and members of the press to further break down numbers from its Q1 2016 earnings release. You can follow along via the livestream below and we ll have coverage of any notable tidbits the company reveals.

You can find the full earnings release from Alphabet below, as well.

Alphabet Announces First Quarter 2016 Results

MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.   April 21, 2016   Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG, GOOGL) today announced financial results for the quarter ended March 31, 2016.

 Our Q1 results represent a tremendous start to the year with 17% revenue growth year on year and 23% growth on a constant currency basis. We re thoughtfully pursuing big bets and building exciting new technologies, in Google and our Other Bets, that position us well for long term growth,  said Ruth Porat, CFO of Alphabet.

Q1 2016 financial highlights

The following summarizes our consolidated financial results for the quarters ended March 31, 2015 and 2016 (in millions, except for per share information; unaudited):

Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Revenues $17,258 $20,257 Increase in revenues year over year 12 % 17 % Increase in constant currency revenues year over year 17 % 23 % GAAP operating income $4,447 $5,342 GAAP operating margin 26 % 26 % Non-GAAP operating income $5,650 $6,836 Non-GAAP operating margin 33 % 34 % GAAP net income $3,515 $4,207 Non-GAAP net income $4,461 $5,248 GAAP diluted EPS for Class A and B common stock and Class C capital stock $5.10 $6.02 Non-GAAP diluted EPS for Class A and B common stock and Class C capital stock $6.47 $7.50 Diluted shares (in thousands) 689,498 699,311

Operating income, operating margin, net income, and earnings per share (EPS) are reported on a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP operating margin exclude stock-based compensation (SBC) expense. Non-GAAP net income and non-GAAP diluted EPS exclude SBC expense, net of the SBC related tax benefits. These non-GAAP measures, as well as free cash flow, an alternative non-GAAP measure of liquidity, and non-GAAP constant currency revenues and growth, are described and reconciled to the corresponding GAAP measures at the end of this release.

The following summarizes our segment results where Google is presented as a single segment and all other Alphabet businesses are combined as Other Bets (in millions; unaudited):

Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Google segment revenues $17,178 $20,091 Google operating income $5,188 $6,272 Other Bets revenues $80 $166 Other Bets operating loss ($633) ($802)

Q1 2016 consolidated financial summary

Revenues (in millions; unaudited):

Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Change from Q1 2015 to Q1 2016 (YoY) Change from Q4 2015 to Q1 2016 (QoQ) Revenues $20,257 17% (5)% Constant currency revenues (YoY) $20,850 23% N/A Constant currency revenues (QoQ) $20,238 N/A (4)%

Our revenues and constant currency revenues are reconciled in the financial tables following this release.

Costs and expenses

Cost of revenues, operating expenses, SBC expense, and depreciation, amortization, and impairment charges (in millions; unaudited):

Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Cost of revenues $6,356 $7,648 Cost of revenues as % of revenues 37 % 38 % Operating expenses (other than cost of revenues) $6,455 $7,267 Operating expenses as % of revenues 37 % 36 % SBC expense* $1,203 $1,494 SBC related tax benefits $(257) $(453) Depreciation, amortization, and impairment charges $1,177 $1,371 *Excludes the expense for awards accounted for as stock-based compensation that will ultimately settle in cash.

Supplemental information (in millions, except for headcount data; unaudited)

Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities $65,436 $75,264 Net cash provided by operating activities* $6,722 $7,658 Capital expenditures $2,927 $2,428 Free cash flow* $3,795 $5,230 Effective tax rate (ETR)* 24 % 18 % Headcount 55,419 64,115 *In Q1 2016, we adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09,  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which addresses, among other items, updates to the presentation and treatment of certain tax benefits related to SBC. Prior period balances related to the consolidated statements of cash flows as well as free cash flow have been adjusted accordingly for comparative purposes. The impact from the changes in the treatment of such tax benefits in Q1 2016 resulted in a favorable ETR impact of 4%.

Q1 2016 Google segment summary

Revenues and monetization

Google segment revenues by source (in millions; unaudited):

Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Change from Q1 2015 to Q1 2016 (YoY) Google segment Google websites $11,932 $14,328 20% Google Network Members  websites 3,576 3,692 3% Google advertising revenues 15,508 18,020 16% Google other revenues 1,670 2,071 24% Google segment revenues $17,178 $20,091 17%

Paid clicks and cost-per-click information (unaudited):

Change from Q1 2015 to Q1 2016 (YoY) Change from Q4 2015 to Q1 2016 (QoQ) Aggregate paid clicks 29 % (3)% Paid clicks on Google websites 38 % (4)% Paid clicks on Google Network Members  websites 2 % 4 % Aggregate cost-per-click (9)% 0 % Cost-per-click on Google websites (12)% 2 % Cost-per-click on Google Network Members  websites (8)% (12)%

Traffic acquisition costs (TAC) and operating income

TAC to Google Network Members and distribution partners, operating income, and SBC expense (in millions; unaudited):

Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 TAC to Google Network Members $2,432 $2,571 TAC to Google Network Members as % of Google Network Members  revenues 68 % 70 % TAC to distribution partners $913 $1,217 TAC to distribution partners as % of Google website revenues 8 % 8 % Total TAC $3,345 $3,788 Total TAC as % of Google advertising revenues 22 % 21 % Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Operating income, excluding SBC expense $6,243 $7,588 SBC expense $1,055 $1,316 Operating income $5,188 $6,272

Supplemental information (in millions; unaudited)

Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Capital expenditures $2,678 $2,036 Depreciation, amortization, and impairment $1,137 $1,317

Q1 2016 Other Bets summary

Revenues and operating results

Other Bets revenues, operating loss, and SBC expense (in millions; unaudited):

Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Other Bets revenues $80 $166 Operating loss, excluding SBC expense $(516) $(657) SBC expense $117 $145 Operating loss $(633) $(802)

Supplemental information (in millions; unaudited)

Three Months Ended March 31, 2015 Three Months Ended March 31, 2016 Capital expenditures $157 $280 Depreciation, amortization, and impairment $40 $54

Stock repurchase

In Q1 2016, we repurchased 3.2 million shares of Alphabet Class C capital stock for an aggregate amount of $2.3 billion, of which $2.1 billion was paid during the quarter. The total remaining authorization for future repurchases is approximately $1.4 billion. The authorization has no expiration date.

Adoption of new accounting guidance

In Q1 2016, we early adopted Accounting Standards Update No. 2016-09  Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting,  which changes several aspects of the accounting for share-based payments, including income tax consequences and classification on the consolidated statement of cash flows. Starting this quarter, certain tax benefits are reflected in our consolidated statement of income, whereas they were previously recognized in equity. Additionally, our consolidated statements of cash flows now present such tax benefits as an operating activity and the prior period is adjusted accordingly.

Webcast and conference call information

A live audio webcast of our first quarter 2016 earnings release call will be available at https://abc.xyz/investor. The call begins today at 1:30 PM (PT) / 4:30 PM (ET). This press release, including the reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures to their nearest comparable GAAP measures, is also available on that site.

We also announce investor information, including news and commentary about our business and financial performance, SEC filings, notices of investor events and our press and earnings releases, on our investor relations website.

Forward-looking statements

This press release may contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from the results predicted, and reported results should not be considered as an indication of future performance. The potential risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from the results predicted include, among others, those risks and uncertainties included under the captions  Risk Factors  and  Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations  in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, which is on file with the SEC and is available on our investor relations website at https://abc.xyz/investor and on the SEC website at http://www.sec.gov. Additional information will also be set forth in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016. All information provided in this release and in the attachments is as of April 21, 2016, and we undertake no duty to update this information unless required by law.

About non-GAAP financial measures

To supplement our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP, we use the following non-GAAP financial measures: non-GAAP operating income, non-GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP net income, non-GAAP diluted EPS, free cash flow, non-GAAP constant currency revenues, and non-GAAP constant currency revenue growth. The presentation of this financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP.

We use these non-GAAP financial measures for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. Our management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance and liquidity by excluding certain items that may not be indicative of our recurring core business operating results, such as our revenues excluding the impact for foreign currency fluctuations or our operating performance excluding not only non-cash charges, such as SBC expense, but also discrete cash charges that are infrequent in nature. We believe that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. These non-GAAP financial measures also facilitate management s internal comparisons to our historical performance and liquidity as well as comparisons to our competitors  operating results. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures are useful to investors both because (1) they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making and (2) they are used by our institutional investors and the analyst community to help them analyze the health of our business.

For more information on these non-GAAP financial measures, please see the tables captioned  Reconciliations of non-GAAP results of operations to the nearest comparable GAAP measures,   Reconciliation from net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow,  and  Reconciliation from GAAP revenues to non-GAAP constant currency revenues  included at the end of this release. Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Google Inbox Gets a Lot Smarter Published By: Saif Abbas on April 21, 2016 09:09 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Google Inbox has undergone certain changes that will change the user-experience for the better. Firstly, Inbox will now categorize and sort emails according to your Calendar events. Doing so will ensure that all messages belonging to a conversation are available in one place and the user doesn t miss any important notification.

Secondly, users will now be able to share links on Google Inbox for reading them later. We all like to leave an email with the links that we would like to check later; shopping, reading, or making a report all require us to save some links in a secure place. From now, users will be able to save their links to Inbox through a couple of taps only on both iOS and Android. An extension on Google Chrome is also available for this purpose, which will sort your links in one place for easy retrieval whenever you like to get back to them.

And lastly, handling newsletters in Inbox has also been made much easier. Users will be able to preview their favorite newsletters from Inbox, click to read the articles that they wish to read, and simply minimize the opened newsletter by tapping on the X button at the top-left.

The aforementioned three changes to Inbox will certainly prove pivotal in reducing time and workload, and manage our inbox more efficiently. With all the promotional emails, social media notifications, and work related correspondence, management of the inbox without going berserk could be a tough nut to crack. And who can blame the users? There is so much of news to keep up with that we all tend to miss an important notice or two. However, with the latest changes made to Inbox, some of the problems associated with the inbox have been taken care of. 
2016-09-22
Better Buy: Twitter, Inc. vs. Google Parent Alphabet, Inc. The internet is a thriving business platform these days. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) dominates the online search and advertising spaces through its Google division. Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) is the leading name in microblogging. Would any of these tickers be a fit for your own investment portfolio?

Let's find out.

By the numbers

Google is the far larger business, by any reasonable measure. With this scale advantage comes a financial stability that Twitter can't come close to.

Before going any further, let me point out that the Google division contributes 99.1% of Alphabet's revenue. As such, I'll simply use Alphabet's results as a reliable proxy for Google's business results.

On that note, Alphabet's revenue over the last four quarters added up to $81.8 million while Twitter stopped at $2.5 billion. You can access financial data for the last four years of Twitter's operations, and its trailing sales have grown more than fivefold in three years. Meanwhile, Alphabet's revenue increased by 65%.

Alphabet investors can look back at $18.9 billion of trailing net income and an even $20 billion of free cash flows. Twitter produced $293 million of free cash over the same period, but recorded an adjusted net loss of $409 million.

Today, Alphabet sports the world's second-largest market cap at $547 billion along with healthy profits and respectable growth across the board. Twitter is far smaller but its medium-term growth is nothing short of astonishing. In short, Twitter is the hungry upstart in this scenario despite its ten years of operating history. Google is nearly twice as old and grew up very quickly, making it a true giant of modern business.

Twitter's stumbles

So far, Twitter certainly looks exciting. Google is too large to keep up with the microblogger's rampant growth, and that's all that matters.

Right?

Well, no. As it turns out, Twitter's growth has hit the brakes in a downright frightening manner while Google simply keeps on trucking. Over the last six months, Alphabet's revenue growth nearly matched Twitter's. And in the last quarter, the search giant pulled into the passing lane.

Twitter's shares took it on the chin. At the start of 2016, the stock traded at more than 400 times trailing free cash flows. Now that ratio has dropped all the way to 43. At the same time, Alphabet's price to free cash flows ratio has hovered between 25 and 30, currently sitting at 27.

The future

Google is now operating under the Alphabet umbrella in order to make it easier reaching into brand new markets -- often not related to online traffic at all. The company is exploring avenues such as self-driving vehicles, Google Fiber's broadband services, and medical research. Come back in a few short years, and Google probably won't contribute 99% of the larger company's sales anymore. Alphabet is itching to become a sector-spanning conglomerate built around the simple concept of "innovation."

Twitter would love to peer into the next era of online communications, but the company must first figure out how to survive the current one.

The company recently ousted CEO Dick Costolo last summer, eventually replacing him with ex-CEO and co-founder Jack Dorsey. Even with this throwback to better days, Twitter still looks rudderless. Share prices have been sliced in half since Dorsey came back, Twitter is officially looking for a buyer, but no one is biting.

The bottom line

So in the red corner, we have an online giant mapping out a future as a mostly offline conglomerate as share prices explore fresh all-time highs.

In the blue corner, there's a skyrocketing start-up running out of rocket fuel and good ideas.

I'm an Alphabet investor with no interest in owning Twitter shares. I think we just explored many of the reasons why.

Winner: Alphabet and Google, by knockout in the third round. How Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Is Going After Facebook Inc (FB) CLOSE X Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update

Clear List CLOSE X Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice: Black Slate Gray Light Gray Gray Blue

Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search: Real-Time

After Hours

Pre-Market

News Flash Quote

Summary Quote

Interactive Charts

Default Setting





If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com CLOSE X Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO Airbnb raises $850 mln at $30 bln valuation - CNBC,citing Dow Jones  About $2OO mln of Airbnb employee stock was sold as part of fundraising-WSJ  
2016-01-20
Why Facebook, Inc Will Narrow the Gap With Alphabet, Inc. in 2016 In the fast-growing world of digital advertising, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are in a league of their own. Both online behemoths have taken target marketing to a whole new level, thanks to each focusing on compiling, analyzing, and ultimately utilizing reams of user data.

As investors saw again last quarter, both Facebook and Alphabet continue to report double-digit revenue growth. Alphabet can't match Facebook's 41% jump in revenue in Q3 -- it reported $4.5 billion for the quarter, but with nearly $18.7 billion in Q3 sales, it takes a lot more for Alphabet to move the needle. However, the revenue gap between the two digital leaders is slowly but surely closing. And based on some new data, Facebook will close the gap even further in 2016.

Survey says

Thanks in large part to Alphabet's dominance, search-related digital ad revenue in the U.S. has easily led the way as it relates to total online ad sales. In 2015, marketers shelled out $26.53 billion for search spots, up from 2014's $23.44 billion.

Search also explains why $16.78 billion of Alphabet's total $18.7 billion in Q3 revenue were of the advertising variety. But there's change in the air, and this year those changes will help Facebook inch ever closer to Alphabet. According to data from eMarketer, for the first time ever U.S. marketers will spend more on digital display ads than search-related spots, much of it targeting mobile users.

In 2015, display ad spend was just shy of search, generating $26.15 billion in sales. And the recent trend of shifting spend to the Facebook's of the world rather than search will finally push it over the top in 2016. As per eMarketer, display will generate over $32 billion in revenue this year, while search will also grow, but not nearly as quickly. An estimated $29.24 billion in ad sales will be of the search ilk this year.

What does it mean?

Catching Alphabet as measured by revenue remains a long, uphill climb. That said, Facebook was already making strides to do just that, and as eMarketer's data makes clear -- for 2016 and the ensuing years -- the digital ad stars are aligning in its favor. The soon-to-be-released Q4 earnings results from Alphabet on Feb. 1, and Facebook on Jan. 27 will be another chance to measure how much headway display is making compared to search.

That said, the true measuring stick will be about this time next year. Will Facebook miraculously catch Alphabet and unseat it as the digital ad leader? Of course not. That's a multiyear battle for an "upstart" like Facebook that's about one-quarter Alphabet's size. However, what investors will see is the difference becoming less and less with the shift to display ads.

And there's more

Among Alphabet's many operating units are a number focused on its "moonshots," including its driverless car initiative, a Glass wearable device that simply won't go away, and nano-technology for the healthcare sector. How much, if anything, will these far-flung efforts boost Alphabet's total revenue? Only time will tell given many of the new technologies have no existing market.

The recent news that Alphabet's driverless cars will soon operate as a separate business could mean they're about ready to hit the streets, and some estimates suggest there will be as many 10 million autonomous cars by 2020. Self-driving cars and other moonshots could prove to be a boon for Alphabet, but it's early in the game to rely on them for growth.

It's a different story for Facebook, however. In addition to marketers opting for display spots, Facebook also has at least two other factors working in its favor in 2016: Instagram and virtual reality (VR). Though the decision to fully monetize Instagram was made last year, investors will begin to see in 2016 just what kind of impact it will truly have.

Opening the VR floodgates by offering the Oculus Rift headset for pre-order -- and early signs that consumers are lining up in droves -- should give Facebook yet another revenue boost as 2016 rolls on. It will take time to catch Alphabet, but 2016 will move Facebook closer to becoming an even bigger threat to unseat the king than it already is. 4 Ways Google Is Good For You Univision is buying The Onion (note: this is not a joke).

They are also building a new robot to perform surgery.

Welcome to La Cebolla issue of M&A Daily.

Google

Google (GOOG/GOOGL) and Sanofi (NYSE:SNY) notified the EU of their plans to collaborate on new ways to monitor and treat diabetes. Antitrust approval for the joint venture is expected in February. This is a new priority for Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin.

Google is developing a contact lens that measures the glucose level in tears without the need for a painful, inconvenient, and expensive blood test.

Diabetes is a main focus of Alphabet's Verily Life Sciences. They are also working with Novartis (NYSE:NVS) and DexCom (NASDAQ:DXCM) on this issue. Other projects include working with Biogen (NASDAQ:BIIB) on MS, AstraZeneca (NYSE:AZN) on heart disease, and Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) on surgical robots.

Univision

Univision (Pending:UVN) is buying a controlling stake in parody site The Onion. The Onion has recently written about companies from Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), to Walgreens (NASDAQ:WBA), SeaWorld (NYSE:SEAS), and CVS (NYSE:CVS).

Atmel

Microchip Technology (NASDAQ:MCHP) agreed to acquire Atmel (NASDAQ:ATML) in a cash and stock deal valued at $3.4 billion. ATML holders get $7 per share in cash and $1.15 per share in MCHP.

Northern Tier

The preliminary S-4 was filed for the Western Refining (NYSE:WNR) acquisition of Northern Tier (NYSE:NTI).

MedAssets

MedAssets (NASDAQ:MDAS) has accelerated commitments for its $1.13 billion debt issuance by one day to January 20th. Pamplona announced the CEO and executive team following the deal's close.

Wausau

The Wausau (NYSE:WPP) shareholder vote is today at 1:30 pm ET for its acquisition by Svenska Cellulosa (OTCPK:SVCBY).

UTi

South African antitrust approval has been secured for the DSV (OTCPK:DSDVY) acquisition of UTi (NASDAQ:UTIW). This was the final antitrust clearance needed. The deal will close January 22nd.

Diamond Foods

The second S-4 amendment has been filed with the SEC for the Snyder's-Lance (NASDAQ:LNCE) acquisition of Diamond Foods (NASDAQ:DMND).

Campus Crest

Harrison Street and Campus Crest (NYSE:CCG) filed a memorandum of understanding for their settlement of the nuisance shareholder suit.

Media General

The pointlessly amended S-4 has been filed for the Meredith (NYSE:MDP) acquisition of Media General (NYSE:MEG). As currently structured, this deal will be voted down by MEG holders.

Fairchild

The tender offer expires today for the ON (NASDAQ:ON) acquisition of Fairchild (FCS).

Time Warner Cable

The FCC is set to restart the clock on its review of the Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR) acquisition of Time Warner Cable (TWC).

I hope that your clocks work better than the FCC's.

Macy's

Greenlight bought a new position in Macy's (NYSE:M). Greenlight's David Einhorn favors private equity joining with a REIT to take it private and unlock the real estate value. More to come in future editions of M&A Daily 

Elsewhere on Seeking Alpha

Disclosure: I am/we are long MEG, FCS, TWC, M.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Chris DeMuth Jr and Andrew Walker are portfolio managers at Rangeley Capital. Rangeley invests with a margin of safety by buying securities at deep discounts to their intrinsic value and unlocking that value through corporate events. In order to maximize total returns for our investors, we reserve the right to make investment decisions regarding any security without further notification except where such notification is required by law.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. 
2016-05-25
Google, Alphabet Inc (NASADAQ:GOOGL) Is Moving into in Self Driving Cars 

Google, Alphabet Inc (NASADAQ:GOOGL) Is Moving into in Self Driving Cars

Alphabet Inc: Self Driving Cars

 

We've been investing in machine learning and AI for years, but I think we are at an exceptionally interesting tipping point where these technologies are really taking off.   Source: CNBC We've been investing in machine learning and AI for years, but I think we are at anwhere these technologies are really taking off.

 

Basically, it had a very Tesla-like info screen setup. Both the gauge cluster and the center stack were taken over by two massive screens that were running software called Android Auto N.   Source: BUSINESS INSIDER Basically, it had a very Tesla-like info screen setup. Both the gauge cluster and the center stack were taken over by two massive screens that were running software called Android Auto N.

ALPHABET INC REVENUE (TTM)



active

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google just stunned everyone with how quickly it's moving toward the future.The realm of self driving cars is one of the most transformative and powerful themes in today's technological vernacular. While entirely self driving vehicles are a ways off, the self driving featured vehicle is here, right now and the growth forecasts are sizable. Here is the projected growth over the next few years:While Tesla Motors, Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) has been in the lead and CML Pro broke news that the Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) car is well on its way, one mega cap technology company just took a swing at both companies and it's not a joke.The annual Google I/O conference was a big success for many reasons, but the critical focus was broadly on the importance and commitment Google was making to artificial intelligence. On the most recent earnings conference call, Google's CEO Sundar Pichai reminded us of this:While we all expected Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) to take the lead in the fully autonomous vehicle, none of that could have prepared us for Google's recent move into the self driving featured car realm.In a recent report we found that Google doesn't just want the self driving cars of the future, it doesn't want just the self driving cars of today, the company wants all of it, including vehicles on the road right now that have nothing to do with self driving.Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google discussed news on the future of Android Auto integration in cars and it was focused on the news version of Android, for now called Android N.At the conference the new Android Auto features were on full display on a sporty Maserati Ghibli that had already been modified by Qualcomm. As the Business Insider put it:But here's the part that stunned almost everyone.While we know that cars that are already set up to run Google's ecosystem on Android N can have their front dash display screens completely taken over by the Google software. That means everything from simple radio functions and air conditioning and more. But that was just a touch of the news. We then learned this:Google announced its stand-alone product called "Android Auto," an app that can be installed on any other vehicle that has a standard infotainment system. Taking a step back, this means that Google has reached down the line to much older vehicles cars that were not manufactured to work with self driving features or Android and has now made them fair game. These vehicles can now run Android Auto and all of a sudden, a five year old car has full Android integration and the Google ecosystem proliferates.Apple has an ecosystem run on iOS, but in reality, it's an iPhone ecosystem. The iPhone is the connector to everything -- the Apple TV, the Apple Watch, the Apple Car Play service, the actual Apple Car, Apple Pay and everything else.Google on the other hand is not focused on hardware, but rather its ecosystem of search. Google search has created the second largest company in the market and an advertising company larger than anything mankind has ever seen. Here is the company's revenue chart.Android Auto looks to take the Google Search ecosystem to new cars, to self driving feature cars, and now, to older car owners that want the newest technology but not a new car. The "OK Google" functionality is the direct competitor to Apple's Siri and Amazon's Echo, and now potentially hundreds of millions of cars already on the road are ready to be indoctrinated.This was little reported, but one of the significant takeaways from Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google'smomentum to build revenue in this futuristic realm right now. Tesla Motors, Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) and Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) just got a jolt and the winners will be the consumers.While Alphabet Inc, Apple, Tesla and to some degree Amazon.com will confrontation it out in the self driving car market, it turns out there is one company that will win no matter which of these technology giants ends up as the market leader. Each of these companies are totally and utterly dependent on the supercomputing speed that powers deep learning and what is now referred to as artificialintelligence.You can take the long odds of mining for gold and your chance for riches, or you can sell the pick-axe and shovels to the gold miners and find riches several times over. It's this technology company powering the super computers and every critical deep learning platform of the market that stands to benefit the most from the revolution in self driving cars. Alphabet Inc top mutual fund holding in Q1 Alphabet Inc. claimed the top spot among mutual fund holdings in the first quarter, as money managers favoured both the information technology and consumer discretionary sectors.

The parent company of search giant Google Inc. also tied Allergan plc as the number one holding at hedge funds, according to analysis from Citigroup U.S. strategist Tobias Levkovich.

He noted that IT represented 18.5 per cent of the most popular top 10 holdings among the largest 50 actively-managed mutual funds, compared to 19.4 per cent in the fourth quarter of 2015.

Consumer discretionary stocks rose from 16.3 per cent in Q4 to 18.5 per cent in Q1.

Among these mutual fund holdings, Alphabet was followed by Microsoft Corp., Amazon.com Inc., JPMorgan Chase & Co., General Electric Co., Facebook Inc. and Wells Fargo & Co.

Levkovich also pointed out that eight of the top 50 stocks in the S&P 500 weren t represented in these top 10 mutual fund holdings. That included Walt Disney Co., IBM Corp. and Bristol-Myers Squibb Co.

Meanwhile, Levkovich noted that hedge funds demonstrated a meaningful preference for health care stocks, with the sector accounting for 18.5 per cent of the top 10 positions for the biggest fund managers. Google's Schmidt Sees Genetics Advances, No Alphabet Breakup When Alphabet Inc. Chairman Eric Schmidt looks to the near future, he sees breakthroughs in health and technology that will change the world.

For example, Schmidt said he s looking forward to advances in genetics, thanks to technology that will improve gene sequencing, and more personalized and efficient health care as the medical world becomes increasingly digitized. Speaking at Bloomberg s Breakaway conference Wednesday in New York, Schmidt also said Alphabet, the holding company that owns Google and other businesses including Nest and Fiber, will probably never break up and its job is to seek out transformative solutions.

 There s tremendous optimism around this next generation of scientists and thinkers,  Schmidt said.  There are problems that bedeviled us for centuries that can in fact be solved. 

The government should play a role in accelerating these developments as they ve done in the past, he said, pointing to initial public investment in Silicon Valley that allowed it to become the high-growth area it is today. Schmidt, who supports Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, said the politicians and business leaders in the country have gotten used to accepting incremental solutions rather than taking bigger risks for the larger reward of innovative technologies and methods.

 Government spends an enormous amount of money on the wrong things,  he said.  I would just like to have a little bit of it on these things which are moonshots, enormous-scale things that can benefit the country. 

Political Interests

Tech companies are playing a larger role in politics than in the past and are spending more money on lobbying and campaign contributions. The U.S. government made two controversial attempts this year to get Apple Inc. to unlock its iPhones. In Europe, Google faces challenges related to privacy, data ownership and charges of abusing monopoly power. Schmidt said he is concerned that Europe has an anti-American view of technology platforms.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Google reorganized its various businesses into separate subsidiaries under the Alphabet holding company in August, giving its main Web operation greater independence while providing investors with more visibility into its other bets. Schmidt praised the structure for allowing Alphabet to keep expanding into new areas and spurring innovation. The company is still run by the two founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin, who are demanding and have only become more so since the reorganization, he said.

Pressure to Perform

Under the Alphabet organization, the chief executive officers -- who are called characters and have a lot of independence -- are under pressure to prove they can build businesses and have incentives to deliver value, Schmidt said. Those who don t do well have to  suffer the consequences,  he said.

Every few years in technology, there s a new wave when companies jostle for leadership, and older businesses can return to prominence, he said. For example, Microsoft Corp.,  our primary competitor,  Schmidt said, has potentially made a comeback with its position in cloud computing.

And Silicon Valley isn t the only place where innovation and opportunity is flourishing, he said. While the bulk of venture capital funding still flows there, New York City has a shot to become the California area s biggest rival, and he is part of a group dedicated to helping the city get to that point. Schmidt also pointed to Tel Aviv as a contender to become a hotbed of technological innovation. China, meanwhile, would be a  crap shoot,  he said.

Watch Next: Learning the ABCs: Eric Schmidt on Growing Alphabet Tensor: Google's New Innovation Just Raised The Bar What does Google's new chip innovation say about incumbent chipmakers?

The new Tensor Processing Unit was specifically designed for machine learning and Big Data - exactly the areas that Google is counting on to fuel its future growth.

The company revealed a new computer chip that it designed and custom built itself.

By Greg Miller

There are several eagerly anticipated tech events over the course of a year that unite analysts, commentators and geeks across the globe - from the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas to the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new product unveilings.

The Google I/O annual developers' conference is no exception.

Held last week in Alphabet/Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) hometown of Mountain View, California, the conference featured the usual things that tech fans love.

The company provided updates to Android and Android Wear, new chat apps designed to compete with the likes of Snapchat and Apple's Facetime, a new generation of "OK, Google" called Google Assistant, which aims to leapfrog Siri's abilities, and a home assistant designed to compete with Amazon.com's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo.

This is all headline-grabbing news for the masses, of course. But what about the "technology within the technology?"

In other words, the stuff that actually powers all these cool devices?

Well, Google had a big surprise 

New Chip Comes With a Big Boast

The company revealed a new computer chip that it designed and custom-built itself.

There had been rumors to this effect - after all, you can't hire senior chip designers without industry insiders knowing about it - but the progress the team has made was a huge surprise to the industry. The chip has actually been in Google's server farms for over a year.

The new Tensor Processing Unit was specifically designed for machine learning and Big Data - exactly the areas that Google is counting on to fuel its future growth.

And the company unveiled the chip accompanied by a big boast: It claims it has more than 10 times the capabilities of any existing chip of comparable power consumption. That's three generations of Moore's Law, or nearly seven years.

So what can this chip do?

Less Jargon, More Slaps

We'll dispense with the technical jargon and keep it simple:

It allows Google's StreetView to read road signs more quickly than before.

It can learn language idioms so Google Assistant will understand people with accents or those who use uncommon phrases.

It can instantly make sense of the massive amounts of data already on Google's servers, and will multiply this 100-fold or more as the Internet of Things becomes entrenched in just about every activity imaginable.

Basically, it allows machines to understand humans and their environment rather than requiring us to understand the machines.

So what does Google's new chip innovation say to incumbent chipmakers like Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD), Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE:HPE), Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) and others?

Well, it's a bit of a slap in the face.

Google depends on such companies for its servers, and the Tensor chip is a clear signal that Google thinks they're not innovating quickly enough.

But it's a huge opportunity, too 

Google Ignites a New Paradigm

For one thing, Google isn't likely to sell its chips on the market. And its advancement will have other companies clamoring for more advanced chips from the more established chipmakers.

In addition, the Tensor chip doesn't work alone - it depends on other high-end machine-learning-capable chips to do its job.

It's also worth noting that custom chips aren't new when it comes to advanced applications. For example, there are specialized chips for Bitcoin mining, which have virtually taken over that market because of their high speeds and low power consumption.

And extremely advanced users such as the National Security Agency not only design their own chips, they also have their own fabrication facilities to manufacture them.

But what makes Google's chip different is that it represents an endorsement of Big Data and machine learning and ushers in a new paradigm for advanced chipmakers.

Google Raises the Chip Bar

For several years, it has been difficult for chipmakers to sell customers on the most advanced processors - after all, home users haven't needed the most advanced chips for anything besides graphics for games and video editing for years now.

And browsing the internet - by far the most common activity on home computers and increasingly on mobile ones, too - doesn't require very much computing power.

On the other side of that Internet connection, content providers were content to connect hundreds or even thousands of medium-capability servers to duplicate the capabilities of fewer, more powerful servers. Indeed, that has been preferable in some instances because it allows the companies to place servers closer to end users, increasing speed as perceived by that customer.

But as more applications require the kind of deep intelligence that Google is introducing with its Tensor chip, other companies will have to rethink how they design their processes. More companies will conclude that it's easier and cheaper in the long run to pay for the most advanced chips.

In that sense, Google has actually done a huge favor to the chipmakers it seems to have insulted.

Research and development budgets may have to get a slight increase, but the payoffs for that research could be spectacular in the long run.

Original post Geoff Keighley To Host Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google's YouTube Gaming's ... For the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3) this year at Los Angeles that will begin on June 12, Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) subsidiary YouTube s gaming segment has partnered again with The Game Awards host Geoff Keighley to bring real-time event coverage.

12-Hour Live Coverage

E3, a huge game trade event that occurs annually, is a vital show for YouTube Gaming. Last year, millions of gamers flocked to its livestream offerings. Consequently, YouTube Gaming is going all out this year. It is launching an event page solely for the weeklong show. Under the terms of its agreement, Keighley will host 12-hour coverage, which will be sponsored by technology giant Samsung Electronics, starting on June 13.

According to the Game Awards host, 12-hour live coverage is a massive undertaking. Consequently, YouTube Gaming will have a team of 75 people working on the event. Keighley is once again excited to work with YouTube Gaming for E3. He said that last year s event was the livestream with the largest audience on YouTube. Keighley is aiming to top that success next month.

What to Expect from E3 2016

For this year s event, gamers are most excited about the top 10 titles. These include Battlefield 1, Dishonored 2, Final Fantasy XV, Gears of War 4, Horizon: Zero Dawn, Kingdom Hearts III, Mass Effect: Andromeda, The Legend of Zelda, Titanfall 2, and Tom Clancy s Ghost Recon: Wildlands.

Furthermore, enthusiasts are also excited about the gaming world big four s presence during the weeklong event. Bethesda, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) Xbox, and Ubisoft Entertainment will hold their respective conferences on June 13 while Sony Corporation (NYSE:SNE) PlayStation will hold its conference on June 14.

Nintendo Co., on the other hand, is speculated to focus on its latest Mario and Zelda titles and its new mobile game. Accordingly, its booth at the event is entirely dedicated to the Legend of Zelda title that will come out in 2017.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-08-21
Michael Burry (Of 'The Big Short') Pares Down His Portfolio Michael Burry is the founder of Scion Asset Management, and one of the few people who predicted the great recession and mortgage crisis of 2008/2009. More importantly for investors, he also acted on that prediction, and made a great deal of money for his investors.

At the end of "The Big Short" the movie suggested he was out of the money management game, and was now investing in water. But he's back, and has grown his assets under management sufficiently that he has been required to file his long positions in US companies with the SEC, which means that regular investors can see what his positions are and try to learn from them. However, he is not required to publish data on investments that are not in publicly traded companies, so if he really has been buying up water rights, we wouldn't be able to tell. Nonetheless, his public positions are material, and I'll be updating the changes that he's made in the most recent quarter.

Name of Issuer Symbol Value ($000s) Q1 2016 Shares Q2 2016 Shares Purchase/(SALE) during Q2 ALPHABET INC GOOG $10,382 0 15,000 15,000 AMGEN INC AMGN $ 6,086 40,000 40,000 0 APPLE INC AAPL - 75,000 0 -75,000 GENTHERM THRM - 47,000 0 -47,000 FIRST SOLAR FSLR - 100,000 0 -100,000 HCA HOLDINGS INC HCA $7,701 100,000 100,000 0 NEOPHOTONICS CORP NPTN $2,859 0 300,000 300,000 NEXPOINT RESIDENTIAL TR INC NXRT $11,100 609,905 609,905 0 TAILORED BRANDS TLRD - 400,000 0 -400,000 THERAVANCE BIOPHARMA INC TBPH $7,374 275,000 325,000 50,000

During Q2, Burry added only two wholly new positions - Alphabet and Neophotonics. Alphabet is of course the internet congolomerate anchored by Google, while Neophotonics sells equipment for fiber optic networks. I'll start with Neophotonics, as that is a less commented on company.

Neophotonics

The company is not the sort of thing I would generally write on, as at first blush it has none of the hallmarks of a value stock. The company trades right around 100X trailing earnings, and even if you annualize its last quarter, it would be over 50X earnings. The balance sheet showing negative $293 MM of retained earnings suggests that this hasn't generally been a profitable business, which combined with the lofty earnings valuation means you are buying it for future potential.

That being said, the company has already been a success for Burry, as the company reported an earnings beat, and the company is up over 60% since the end of the second quarter. It would not surprise me to see Burry sell this position by the end of the quarter, as he seems to engage in what many would call swing trading, buying volatile stocks when they have had large declines, as NPTN did coming into the second quarter. Interestingly, there has been no coverage on Seeking Alpha of the company during the last year, which suggests this a bit of an under the radar play.

Alphabet

The internet giant is decidedly NOT an under the radar play, as it is one of the most followed stocks in the world. I find it quite interesting to me that Burry thinks he has an edge here. However, given that he also sold his Apple stake this quarter, this could be more of a 'pair-trade' opportunity, where he is rotating among large tech giants based on relative valuation. Of course, since short positions do not have to be reported, we don't know if there is a short side to this position, it could be an actual pair trade.

I suspect Burry has been following a strategy similar to the one outlined in this article, and has sold his Apple position to reallocate to Alphabet on weakness in the latter.

Sells

I previously mentioned that Burry disposed of his entire Apple position during the quarter, and he also completely sold positions in Gentherm, First Solar, and Tailored Brands. Gentherm is trading below the lowest price it traded at in Q1, when he purchased it. This is an idea that didn't work out for Burry, and the stock declined when it had an earnings miss caused by a lack of expected growth

One thing I find interesting about this is that he does not appear to reduce positions based on their relative attractiveness, rather selling the entire position. That generates a very concentrated portfolio, and also demonstrates confidence in his analysis, as a less aggressive strategy would be to layer in and out of positions as information changes. The combination of concentration and taking a full (or none at all position) are interesting ideas. I would suggest a byproduct of that investing plan would be only investing in very high conviction ideas, and may cause an investor to spend more research time on each idea prior to its inclusion in the portfolio.

Personally, I tend to run a diversified portfolio, with many individual positions, although the vast majority of them are microcaps. That allows me to diversify away company specific risk while keeping the low valuations available to microcap investors. Nevertheless, I'm very interested to see Burry's strategy unfold, as his concentrated approach may be more appropriate for a big-capitalization investor. I also think it's very important to study the work of successful investors with a different style than one's own, as they are likely to have insights you have not considered.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-05-26
Alphabet Inc's Google beats long-running Oracle copyright suit, wiping away US ... Google won a jury verdict that kills Oracle Corp. s claim to a US$9 billion slice of the search giant s Android phone business.

Oracle contended that Google needed a license to use its Java programming language to develop Android, the operating system in 80 per cent of the world s mobile devices. Jurors in San Francisco federal court on Thursday rejected that argument and concluded Google made fair use of the code under copyright law.

A decision against Google had the potential to give significantly more weight to software copyrights, and to spur litigation to protect those added rights. Oracle   which started the trial at an advantage with the judge explaining that it had already been established that Google had infringed Oracle s copyrights   will probably appeal, though legal experts said overturning a jury verdict will be difficult.

Related

Google relied on witnesses including former Chief Executive Officer Eric Schmidt, who is now chairman of parent company Alphabet Inc., to convince jurors that it used Java to innovate, rather than merely copy code. Before joining Google, Schmidt worked at Sun Microsystems developing and marketing Java. Oracle acquired Sun in 2010 and Schmidt was involved in Google s failed licensing negotiations that spurred the copyright-infringement lawsuit filed that year by the database maker.

Schmidt told jurors that, based on his  many years of experience  with Java, he believed Google was permitted to use the APIs   the shortcuts that allow developers to write programs to work across software platforms   without a negotiated license, as long as the company relied on its own code. Sun promoted them as  free and open,  and not sold or licensed separately from Java, he said.

Central to Oracle s bid for what would have been one of the largest jury verdicts in U.S. history was its claim that Google has reaped US$21 billion in profit from more than 3 billion activations of Android. Oracle sought damages of US$8.8 billion, plus US$475 million in what it claims was lost licensing revenue.

Google relied on a  free-market  argument, said Tyler Ochoa, a professor at Santa Clara University School of Law who has followed the case closely since it was filed in 2010.

Google claimed it was within its rights to use the organization and labeling of the Java code to develop Android because programmers were already familiar with them, Ochoa said. Google s message was that  Oracle shouldn t  own  programmers simply because they had taken the time to learn Java,  Ochoa said.

Ochoa was one of 41 academics who agreed with Google that the code at issue didn t merit copyright protection and urged the U.S. Supreme Court to review the case. The high court last year declined to take it.

The case is Oracle America Inc. v. Google Inc., 10- cv-03561, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco).

Bloomberg News Jury reaches verdict in oracle versus Google trial-CNBC  
2016-10-24
Alphabet Inc Earnings Preview: Will Google's Newer Bets Pay Off? From Zacks : Alphabet Inc. ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) will report third-quarter 2016 earnings on Oct 27 after the bell, so let s take a look at what could go right and wrong this quarter for Google s parent company.

The company s Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) and Earnings ESP of 0.00% make surprise prediction difficult. That is because, per our proven model, a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 or 3 (Hold) to beat estimates.

We don t recommend Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 and #5) going into the earnings announcement.

In Alphabet s case, the surprise history hasn t been much impressive, since the company has missed estimates in two of the last four quarters, although by a small margin.

What Happened Last Quarter

Alphabet s second-quarter earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate on revenues that also beat estimates. On the Google side of things, year-on-year revenue growth was attributable to paid click growth of 29% that offset continued price declines. Mobile, YouTube, TrueView, Google Preferred, and Play Store sales were the other positives. Other Bets revenues remained lumpy.

ALPHABET INC-A Price and EPS Surprise

ALPHABET INC-A Price and EPS Surprise | ALPHABET INC-A Quote

What to Expect in Q3

Revenues from Other Bets are likely to remain uneven because of the early stages of most businesses included in it. Nest, Fiber and Verily were revenue contributors in the last quarter. Investments remain focused mainly on Fiber efforts.

The main drivers of the Google business haven t changed. Pricing remains under pressure, both on account of the ongoing FX concerns as well as continued strength in mobile and TrueView. Volumes in the second quarter were very encouraging however. Total paid click growth of 29% was also an encouraging number.

Google has gained strength in the mobile platform. Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) has been a key driver with the company indexing 150 million AMPs so far, adding 4 million a week from across 200 countries. Management is focused on driving mobile experiences and the company is well positioned to pick up strong intent-to-buy signals as a result of studying mobile searches from its huge database. As a result, direct response marketers remain interested in it.

The company has greater control on the browser through Android as well as through distribution agreements with Apple. But upcoming threats shouldn t be ignored either: Apple may not renew its agreement, Microsoft (MSFT   Free Report) Windows 10 could steal overall search market share, Facebook Graph search and the social network itself could take away advertising dollars, and Amazon already takes care of most product searches.

YouTube remains a very strong contributor benefiting from the increase in online video consumption. More than a thousand creators are currently engaged with the platform bringing in a thousand subscribers every day. Also significant is the $2 billion it has paid out to partners to date.

Google s cloud business trails Amazon s AWS, Microsoft s Azure and also IBM. But Google has turned more aggressive, hiring Dianne Greene to run things.

And finally, Google platforms like Android, Chrome and Daydream continue to help the company draw more users and sell more ads.

Cash and Investments continue to pile up with 61% ($48 million) residing overseas. Management clearly wants to keep investing because there is so much room for growth in Other Bets.

On a cautionary note, Google s troubles in the EU are mounting and despite its attempts to appease authorities by investing in the region, it may finally prove much more expensive for the company. Google is not providing for this outflow, which could mean that it still has a reasonable chance to come out victorious. But the developments are worth keeping an eye on and the main reason for the overhang on the shares.

Alphabet shares rose $12.64 (+1.53%) to $836.70 in Monday afternoon trading. Year-to-date, GOOGL has gained 7.48%, versus a 5.34% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 during the same period.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Zacks Research. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Makes Changes To Privacy Policy On User Data Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google has changed its user personal data privacy policy with the aim of fostering more protection on user data.

The initial policy was put in place almost a decade ago when the company acquired an advertising network called DoubleClick. Since then, the company managed to separate private user information with user web browsing data that is kept in DoubleClick s database. The firm claims that the new changes will include a new language that might combine data obtained from browsing habits with data obtained from tools such as Gmail.

Alphabet subsidiary Google released a statement saying that cookies and personal information will not be integrated without authorization from users. Research carried out by ProPublica reveals that the company has abolished a statement on the promise to keep both sets of data separate. The firm has been facing some scrutiny due to this policy update mostly because the changes are focused on Google tools that aim to make sure users watch ads.

The new changes will be run by default for new Google accounts while existing users were provided with an option to change to the new settings earlier this year. The new changes mean DoubleClick will track user activity on the web. It may also be customized based on the user name or other user information that Google stores.

 The fact that DoubleClick data wasn t being regularly connected to personally identifiable information was a really significant last stand,  stated Paul Ohm, a director at Center on Privacy and Technology.

Andrea Faville, a spokeswoman for Google released a statement saying that the new change in the company s private policy is a move aimed at adjusting to the smartphone revolution. Faville stated that Google updated the policy so that the system can match how people use Google using different devices. The spokeswoman also stated that if users decide not to accept the new changes, their browsing experiences will not be changed.

Alphabet stock closed at $824.06.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Canaccord's 3Q Preview for Internet Giants: Twitter Inc (TWTR), Amazon.com ... Michael Graham at Canaccord is out previewing large-cap internet stocks in his coverage universe before the big third-quarter earnings party on October 27th for Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). While the analyst remains sidelined on Twitter as discussions of sales and deals continue to swirl around the company, he conversely provides bullish forecasts for both Amazon with its strong eCommerce growth and Alphabet, even while keeping an eye out on its risk/reward ratio.

According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Michael Graham is ranked #163 out of 4,190 analysts. Graham has a 54% success rate and gains 10.1% in his annual returns. However, when recommending TWTR, Graham faces a loss of 32.3% in average profits on the stock. When suggesting AMZN, Graham realizes 24.5% in average profits, and when rating GOOGL, Graham yields 17.8% in average profits. Let s take a closer look:

Twitter Inc

Ahead of earnings, Graham continues to remain cautious on Twitter as rumors of mergers and acquisitions circle the social networking giant, leaving investors and advertisers vigilant.

As such, the analyst reiterates a Hold rating on shares of TWTR with a $16 price target, which represents a nearly 12% downside from where the stock is currently trading.

From the analyst s perspective, Twitter s key metric of growth, monthly active user (MAU) growth  has potential to miss our estimates.  Graham projects 316.5 million total monthly active users for the third quarter, just over consensus of 316.4 million. The analyst forecasts total revenue of $601 million, which falls under the Street s estimate of $605. Graham explains his longer-term view is more bearish, which is why he falls under consensus on advertising revenue, anticipating  the older Promoted Tweet ad formats will continue to be under pressure.  For adjusted EBITDA, Graham estimates $155 million, which is above the Street at $150 million. For TWTR s non-GAAP EPS, the analyst anticipates $0.06, under consensus of $0.09.

Although from Graham s perspective, a sale certainly still  makes sense,  he posits that Twitter s board will zero in on the initial public offering (IPO) price tag of $26, which hints that  a bidding war may be needed to get there. Meanwhile, we would not be surprised to see brand advertisers getting spooked by the chatter, and competition is increasing.  Coupled with  modest,  user trends, Graham assumes the rise of operating pressures are at hand.

 Amidst M&A chatter, we don t see a great case for strong fundamentals   Twitter stock is in the midst of a particularly volatile period as investors debate the likelihood and timing of a possible acquisition. Meanwhile, we recently took a fresh look for any fundamental metrics we can monitor, and found them to be consistently modest. In particular, we believe TWTR is likely to have some MAU net adds in Q3, but possibly below our estimate. Also, we can t imagine the takeover talk is good for Twitter s ad business (advertisers may grow increasingly wary), and neither is heightened competition from Snapchat and Facebook,  Graham contends.

TipRanks analytics exhibit TWTR as a Hold. Based on 33 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 5 rate a Buy on TWTR, 21 maintain a Hold, while 7 issue a Sell. The 12-month average price target stands at $17.50, marking a 3% downside from where the shares last closed.

Amazon.com, Inc.

When it comes to Amazon, Graham sees the online retail giant in a stellar position and has every reason to expect  continued strength,  especially from the e-Commerce business side where growth drivers are  still robust.  As such, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on AMZN with a price target of $825, which represents a nearly 1% increase from where the shares last closed.

The analyst projects AMZN will hit total revenue of $31,958 million for the third quarter, which tops the Street s projection of $32,663 million. For consolidated segment operating income (CSOI), Graham forecasts $1,438 million, also above consensus of $1,321 million. Graham expects the giant will bring forth $2.07 in non-GAAP EPS for the quarter, just over the Street s $2.05.

Singing the praises of the giant, the analyst opines,  We believe that we are still in the early innings of Amazon gaining share due to its selection, pricing, and most importantly its logistics dominance. We also note the company appears poised to attack big underpenetrated verticals like fashion, where we have seen television advertising begin to pick up. 

 Amazon has had a string of very strong quarters, and we have no reason to believe the standout performance is likely to abate any time soon. We are generally comfortable with our 26% revenue growth outlook for Q3, which is down from 31% in Q2, and believe there is a decent chance the company is set up for another strong quarter relative to consensus,  Graham surmises.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate AMZN as a Strong Buy. Based on 34 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 33 rate a Buy on AMZN, while 1 maintains a Hold. The consensus price target stands at $936.82, marking a 14% upside from where the stock is currently trading.

Alphabet Inc

While Graham remains positive ahead of the quarterly print and expects yet another solid quarter, particularly in terms of GOOGL s shining light, YouTube, he does signal some concern when it comes to a  weaker  risk/reward profile.

Overall, the analyst does not anticipate an adverse outcome and merely highlights prospective concerns. As such, Graham reiterates a Buy rating on shares of GOOGL with a $900 price target, which represents a 9% increase from current levels.

For the third quarter, Graham expects the Google parent-company to bring in net revenue (ex-TAC) of $18,053 million, which is greater than the street at $17,983 million. For non-GAAP operating income, the analyst forecasts $7,463 million, compared to consensus of $7,430 million. Graham anticipates non-GAAP EPS of $8.68, just over the Street s $8.63.

From the analyst s perspective, thanks to Alphabet s heavy-hitter asset YouTube and other mobile channels, the growth of websites revenue has largely been  impressive.  Moreover, Graham believes  several new ad innovations will keep growth high  and YouTube continues to show its  ability to compete in a robust video world [ ] We believe YouTube can continue to thrive and be an industry leader. 

 For the most part, we expect the primary growth drivers from 2015 and H1/16 to continue in Q3, with mobile and YouTube driving Websites revenue higher (still above 20%). That said, in Q3 Google begins lapping impactful ad product updates from last year that were a big part of the re-acceleration in core revenue, and the stock is now less than 10% away from our $900 price target. We are not predicting a negative outcome for Q3, but we note that with fewer sources of potential upside than we see with FB and AMZN, the easy money in GOOGL stock has likely been realized over the past nine months,  Graham concludes.

TipRanks analytics indicate GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 31 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 30 rate a Buy on GOOGL, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month price target stands at $949.81, marking a 15% upside from where the shares last closed. Alphabet (GOOGL) Q3 Earnings: Is a Surprise in Store? Alphabet Inc. GOOGL will report third-quarter 2016 earnings on Oct 27 after the bell.

The company s Zacks Rank #2 (Buy) and Earnings ESP of 0.00% make surprise prediction difficult. That is because, per our proven model, a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 or 3 (Hold) to beat estimates.

We don t recommend Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 and #5) going into the earnings announcement.

In Alphabet s case, the surprise history hasn t been much impressive, since the company has missed estimates in two of the last four quarters, although by a small margin.

What Happened Last Quarter

Alphabet s second-quarter earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate on revenues that also beat estimates. On the Google side of things, year-on-year revenue growth was attributable to paid click growth of 29% that offset continued price declines. Mobile, YouTube, TrueView, Google Preferred, and Play Store sales were the other positives. Other Bets revenues remained lumpy.

ALPHABET INC-A Price and EPS Surprise

ALPHABET INC-A Price and EPS Surprise | ALPHABET INC-A Quote

What to Expect in Q3

Revenues from Other Bets are likely to remain uneven because of the early stages of most businesses included in it. Nest, Fiber and Verily were revenue contributors in the last quarter. Investments remain focused mainly on Fiber efforts.

The main drivers of the Google business haven t changed. Pricing remains under pressure, both on account of the ongoing FX concerns as well as continued strength in mobile and TrueView. Volumes in the second quarter were very encouraging however. Total paid click growth of 29% was also an encouraging number.

Google has gained strength in the mobile platform. Accelerated Mobile Pages (AMP) has been a key driver with the company indexing 150 million AMPs so far, adding 4 million a week from across 200 countries. Management is focused on driving mobile experiences and the company is well positioned to pick up strong intent-to-buy signals as a result of studying mobile searches from its huge database. As a result, direct response marketers remain interested in it.

The company has greater control on the browser through Android as well as through distribution agreements with Apple. But upcoming threats shouldn t be ignored either: Apple may not renew its agreement, Microsoft MSFT Windows 10 could steal overall search market share, Facebook Graph search and the social network itself could take away advertising dollars, and Amazon already takes care of most product searches.

YouTube remains a very strong contributor benefiting from the increase in online video consumption. More than a thousand creators are currently engaged with the platform bringing in a thousand subscribers every day. Also significant is the $2 billion it has paid out to partners to date.

Google s cloud business trails Amazon s AWS, Microsoft s Azure and also IBM. But Google has turned more aggressive, hiring Dianne Greene to run things.

And finally, Google platforms like Android, Chrome and Daydream continue to help the company draw more users and sell more ads.

Cash and Investments continue to pile up with 61% ($48 million) residing overseas. Management clearly wants to keep investing because there is so much room for growth in Other Bets. Microsoft Shares (MSFT) Rose 2.2%, Alphabet Inc. Shares (GOOGL) Rose 1.4% U.S. stocks today have been having their usual ups and down. There is also a wave of huge deals taking place in the business world these days, and investors are very happy with these situations as well. Microsoft has gained a lot of money in the recent quarter, and the same is true for Apple and Alphabet these days. The tech sector has performed very well recently.

Wave of Deals

A wave of deals has jumped U.S. stocks today, and tech companies have led the way as well. Investors have been very happy with the stock market Monday as the weekend was full of deals from top to bottom. Investors are also doubtful about whether the Time Warner-AT&T deal will take place in the near future. Corporate executives have been busy the past week, as they have arranged about $100 billion in some deals. Investors are happy the firms are willing to spend on expansion, though they had mixed reactions these days as well.

Boosting the confidence of investors is easy when you see tons of M&Q activity along with tons of IPOs these days. Tech firms saw their shares rise as they reported earnings. This situation happened to Alphabet and Apple today. Amazon shares also rose, which gives tons of consumer firms a much-needed boost these days. But oil prices made energy firm slip down the road. The Dow rose while the S&P 500 rose 0.5%. NASDAQ jumped 1% thanks to the big tech firms` gains. AT&T will pay $85.4 billion for the famous Time Warner. When this happened, Time Warner shares rose 8% right away.

Clouds Looming

The deal between AT&T and Time Warner has some clouds, as investors do not know whether regulators will kick in or not over time. The problem is that the new company that results from the merger of these two giants might favor its very media firms hurting their competition down the road. The government has kicked in recently to stop some gigantic deals from taking place in America including the merger of two important health care firms. Any deal that reduces competition and is unfair to a consumer will have the government stepping in.

Investors are a little bit worried about AT&T buying spree. The firms spent $48.5 billion to purchase DirectTV last year with a $177 billion just in long-term debt as well. Rockwell Collins just agreed to pay $6.4 billion for B/E Aerospace in stock and cash. The shares of the latter rose 16.4% after the announcement while the shares of the latter rose 6.2%. Tech stocks did a very good job in the last months, and this trend could go on if these firms go on reporting more earnings in the coming months. Some analysts think that the earnings of tech firms might grow up 6% in this third quarter.

Hot Microsoft Stock

Microsoft shares rose 2.2% after the tech titan reported earnings last week. Alphabet shares rose 1.4 as well. Investors are buying index funds instead of stocks these days, while Scottrade is in deals to a merger with TD Ameritrade. The combination of Scottrade Bank and TD Bank will also take place in the near future. The combined market value of these two deals is $4 billion. Ameritrade shares dropped 4.4% as well. China Oceanwide Holdings will pay $2.7 billion for Genworth Financial.

The shares of the former close at $25 at the end of the year 2007 without the stock recovering ever since. The stock has experienced steep losses recently and it dropped 8.1% on Monday. The important Brent crude lost 32 cents to trade at $51.46 per barrel in the famous London. T-Mobile shares rose after the tech giant reported earnings that were better than what investors expected from this firm. These shares rose 9.6% to trade at $51.19 a share. T-Mobile shares have not traded over $50 per share since the month of October in 2007. Consumer firms did a lot better than the rest of the stock market as well.

The stock market today has behaved very well. Investors are watching closely the deals that have been agreed in the past couple of weeks. Time Warner and AT&T will merge, which is a huge event in the business world these days. This deal has been watched closely by the government because this institution does not want consumers to be hurt by industry titans. As you can see, the market was very hot today. Visa Checkout opens platform for integration with digital wallets  
2016-11-11
GOOGL Stock: Trump the Stupid Bears in Alphabet Inc The market has spoken. And that, my friends, means it s time to get long Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). For like-minded contrarian investors, though, I have a trade on GOOGL stock that will serve you much better than a straight-up buy.

Let s face it: The market is usually wrong. Or, at least, it s right until it s not   and that typically happens faster than you or I can sneeze. It s why GOOGL looks great right now.

Alphabet stock   along with many technology giants such as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Amazon, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN)   shed the broader market s enthusiastic  Trump is pro-business!  bid since winning the largest political coupe in decades.

Potentially very favorable repatriation of overseas cash hoards have been trumped by a couple factors. Among top issues are net neutrality rules, new trade mandates and possible tariffs with the likes of China, which could prove costly for GOOGL and other tech names.

Regarding Apple, Facebook and Amazon, there s even the element of company-specific grudge matches between those companies and our president-elect. I suppose Alphabet s only crime is being one of those liberal Silicon Valley names guilty of something, somewhere, inside Trump s head.

At this moment, all we know for certain is Trump has the political theater shtick nailed. But let s not get ahead of ourselves regarding GOOGL stock and all of the presidential what-ifs.

Instead, let s just take advantage of the uncertainty hanging overhead   and of the investors who have wrongly played Alphabet.

GOOGL Stock Daily Chart



Click to Enlarge Investors have filled in a bullish gap on Alphabet s daily chart. That s nice to see   if we re of the mind that all gaps are eventually tested.

Also, Alphabet stock has put together a small double-bottom test that s holding the zone 38%-50% retracement area, as well as GOOGL s 200-day simple moving average. So this is supportive, too.

Could Alphabet stock fail to find a bottom near our current lows of the past week? Sure. Anything is possible, as we learned on Tuesday. Nevertheless, I m optimistic that GOOGL stock will be great again!

Now, let s look at the best way to play Alphabet shares.

Next Page GOOGL Stock: Why Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Looks Poised For Solid Growth Double-digit growth looks sustainable for several fiscals .

. The industry s growth prospects will support Alphabet s core revenues .

. Any successes in the Other Bets segment could drive GOOGL stock way higher.

Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOG) third quarter earnings clearly showed that the company s double-digit earnings growth is far from over. Google s parent company reported solid third quarter numbers that saw revenue surge by 20% compared to the year-ago period, as the advertising giant s trend of increasing aggregate paid clicks coupled with declining cost per click continued. While Alphabet's core growth engine, Google, is poised for strong growth over the next 5 years, any successes in the Other Bets segment could drive the stock way higher.

Numbers speak of growth in core areas - mobile and video

Alphabet posted adjusted earnings per share of $9.06 and revenue of $22.45 billion, beating analyst expectations of $8.63 earnings per share and revenue of $22.05 billion by a wide margin. Alphabet is experiencing a lot of momentum in the mobile and video segments, as the world shifts from desktop-based content consumption to mobile-device-based consumption. Quoting Alphabet CFO, Ruth Porat, from the 3Q Earnings Call:

 For the quarter, our consolidated revenue grew 23% in constant currency versus last year, notwithstanding a challenging year-on-year comparison. Once again, the primary driver was Mobile Search, with ongoing strength in YouTube and important contributions from programmatic advertising and Play. 

Also Read: Can New Product Launches Drive Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Stock Above $1000?

Traffic Acquisition Costs (TAC) as a percentage of advertising revenues have been stable around the 21% level this year. TAC is the amount of money Alphabet pays to vendors to bring in traffic to its web properties, and that has grown by 17% year over year and 5% sequentially during the third quarter, as Google s new growth drivers - Mobile Search and Programmatic Advertising - carry higher TACs. That s not the best place to be in, because TAC is going to keep moving upwards as consumption on mobile devices keeps rising.

Gaining Time for Other Bets to Bear Fruit

Alphabet s Other Bets steadfastly remained as  other bets , with nothing significant happening in that segment. The company keeps pointing investors towards long-term benefits while analysing Other Bets, but the fact that Google had more than six years to work on its Google Fiber project with hardly anything to show for it is, indeed, a bit depressing.

Nevertheless, advertising revenues continue to climb, and the overall healthy state of the industry will allow Google to defer its Other Bets for now and keep concentrating on benefits from ad revenue growth in the near future. Google and Facebook are the two biggest players in the digital advertising market, which is forecast to nearly double in the next five years.

Also Read: Is Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Stock Headed To New All-Time Highs?

What is interesting to note in the forecast is that a major portion of that growth is expected to come through the mobile and video segments, areas in which Google is already experiencing strong momentum thanks to YouTube and Mobile search traffic. As such, Alphabet seems to have quite a long pipeline for growth in ad-revenues, with the lower estimate being at least about five years - enough time for them to oversee Other Bets and get at least one of them to produce some real results. So, while Alphabet's Google segment looks poised for solid growth in the years to come, even one decent success in the Other Bets segment could drive the stock way higher. Evaluating technology stocks? Check out Amigobulls' top tech stock picks, which have outperformed the NASDAQ by over 115%. Alphabet Inc (GOOG)'s Eric Schmidt On Trump, Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Tesla ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) s Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt spoke about various things at the DealBook conference in New York yesterday, which was attended by Insider Monkey. He spoke about what Silicon Valley companies want from future President Donald Trump. He also spoke on various other issuess, including Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Peter Thiel, Artificial Intelligence, and Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) s CEO Elon Musk during his speech. Let s take a look at what Mr. Schmidt had to say.

When asked about new President Donald Trump taking anti-trust action against Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), forcing Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) to manufacture in U.S. and Silicon Valley s arrogance.

 The first part of that, the one about Silicon Valley s arrogance and exuberance is undoubtedly true. The second part, we don t really know. We will just have to wait and see (what Trump does). A new government is going to be formed; It would be an all Republican team so think of it as all Rs. They have a traditional set of doctrinal issues which are being challenged by the new President, and I don t think we know  

When asked about backlash on Peter Thiel, Mr. Schmidt said  I am a Peter Thiel s fan, I think that he is a brilliant entrepreneur, I like him personally, and I like a lot of things which he says, my personal view. And I think that we want to have a culture where people can speak what they think. I admire what he did. 

Andrew Ross Sorkin s next question was about artificial intelligence and machine learning:  In the context of the support which Donald Trump received One of the things that I was reading in the past 48 hours was that there is a large community in this country that feels under served, worries about their jobs, worries about they are unemployed or going to be unemployed? 

Here is how Mr. Schmidt responded:

 But is that a new fact or has always been true ! However, if you take the current economic situation into account, we just finished 7th or so year after a horrific recession 2008. The unemployment levels is as low as they have been many many years; wages have risen for middle class, upper middle class and rich people for some years. In the last year, even the lowest paid service providers saw labor competition last year and wage increases. So we may feel badly about this but you take the current economic situation in terms of employments, jobs over pretty much all of the previous scenarios by any means. My conclusion is you have immense amount of information coming to people but they don t feel that they have the tools to address them either governmentally, or personally, or within their corporation. And you also have pervasive insecurity which seems to pervade everybody. It s their perception of their uncertain future which they perceive through media and changes which happen around them. However, the math is that American economy is doing well and American employment situation is doing well and if you are confused by that, visit Europe. 

Andrew Ross Sorkin then asked about the differences between what Google and its competitors Facebook Inc and International Business Machines Corp were doing about artificial intelligence and machine learning. 
2016-01-22
Google Agrees to Pay $185 Million in UK Tax Settlement Google parent Alphabet Inc. has agreed to pay 130 million pounds ($185 million) in a tax settlement with U.K. authorities, setting off a backlash as opposition politicians questioned the government s handling of the case.

Google will adopt a new approach for U.K. taxes, and the settlement covers taxes going back to 2005, the company said Friday in an e-mailed statement. Alphabet, which owns the Google search engine, has been criticized for paying a fraction of the taxes due on sales in the U.K. For example, the tech giant paid $16 million in U.K. corporation tax from 2006 to 2011 on $18 billion of revenue, according to a panel in 2013.

The pact divided politicians in the U.K. While Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne said on Twitter that it was a  victory  for the government s policies, Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell told the BBC that the bill was  derisory  and looked like a  sweetheart deal,  and that he would call for it to be investigated by the public sector watchdog.

Irish Subsidiaries

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Alphabet has faced sharp rebukes from critics and regulators in Europe for using innovative tools to keep its tax rates lower in some regions. Separately, Apple Inc. is facing a European tax investigation that could force the iPhone maker to pay more than $8 billion in back taxes. European officials have accused the company of using subsidiaries in Ireland to avoid paying taxes on revenue generated abroad.

 We have agreed with HMRC a new approach for our U.K. taxes and will pay 130 million pounds, covering taxes since 2005,  Google said Friday in a statement, referring to the British tax authority.  We will now pay tax based on revenue from U.K.-based advertisers, which reflects the size and scope of our U.K. business. 

Google has avoided billions of dollars of income taxes around the world by using a pair of shelter strategies known to lawyers as the  Double Irish  and  Dutch Sandwich,  as reported by Bloomberg in October 2010.

Her Majesty s Revenue and Customs said it enforces tax rules impartially -- regardless of a company s size.

 The successful conclusion of HMRC inquiries has secured a substantial result, which means that Google will pay the full tax due in law on profits that belong in the U.K.,  HMRC said in a statement.  Multinational companies must pay the tax that is due and we do not accept less. 

Parliamentary Summons

As a result of the disclosures, Parliament s Public Accounts Committee summoned Google and the tax authority to explain their practices and the settlement to lawmakers.

 We were shocked to learn of workarounds of the tax system that were considered normal behavior by big corporations but which appalled the individual taxpayer,  Meg Hillier, the Labour Party lawmaker who leads the committee, said in an e-mailed statement. HMRC  is effectively admitting it pulled in too little tax from Google for nine out of ten years. This is not a great success rate.  How Larry Page's Obsessions Became Google's Business Larry Page is not a typical chief executive, and in many of the most visible ways, he is not a C.E.O. at all. Corporate leaders tend to spend a good deal of time talking at investor conferences or introducing new products on auditorium stages. Mr. Page, who is 42, has not been on an earnings call since 2013, and the best way to find him at Google I/O   an annual gathering where the company unveils new products   is to ignore the main stage and follow the scrum of fans and autograph seekers who mob him in the moments he steps outside closed doors.

Photo

But just because he has faded from public view does not mean he is a recluse. He is a regular at robotics conferences and intellectual gatherings like TED. Scientists say he is a good bet to attend Google s various academic gatherings, like Solve for X and Sci Foo Camp, where he can be found having casual conversations about technology or giving advice to entrepreneurs.

Mr. Page is hardly the first Silicon Valley chief with a case of intellectual wanderlust, but unlike most of his peers, he has invested far beyond his company s core business and in many ways has made it a reflection of his personal fascinations.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

He intends to push even further with Alphabet, a holding company that separates Google s various cash-rich advertising businesses from the list of speculative projects like self-driving cars that capture the imagination but do not make much money. Alphabet companies and investments span disciplines from biotechnology to energy generation to space travel to artificial intelligence to urban planning.

Investors will get a good look at the scope of those ambitions on Feb. 1, when the company, in its fourth-quarter earnings report, will disclose for the first time the costs and income of the collection of projects outside of Google s core business.

As chief executive of Alphabet, Mr. Page is tasked with figuring how to spin Google s billions in advertising profits into new companies and industries. When he announced the reorganization last summer, he said that he and Sergey Brin, Google s other founder, would do this by finding new people and technologies to invest in, while at the same time slimming down Google   now called Google Inc., a subsidiary of Alphabet   so their leaders would have more autonomy.

Photo

 In general, our model is to have a strong C.E.O. who runs each business, with Sergey and me in service to them as needed,  Mr. Page wrote in a letter to investors. He said that he and Mr. Brin would be responsible for picking those chief executives, monitoring their progress and determining their pay.

Google s day-to-day management was left to Sundar Pichai, the company s new chief executive. His job will not be about preventing cancer or launching rocket ships, but to keep Google s advertising machine humming, to keep innovating in emerging areas like machine learning and virtual reality   all while steering the company through a thicket of regulatory troubles that could drag on for years.

Mr. Page s new role is part talent scout and part technology visionary. He still has to find the chief executives of many of the other Alphabet businesses.

And he has said on several occasions that he spends a good deal of time researching new technologies, focusing on what kind of financial or logistic hurdles stand in the way of them being invented or carried out.

His presence at technology events, while just a sliver of his time, is indicative of a giant idea-scouting mission that has in some sense been going on for years but is now Mr. Page s main job.

Photo

In the investor letter, he put it this way:  Sergey and I are seriously in the business of starting new things. 

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

An Interest in Cool Things

Mr. Page has always had a wide range of interests. As an undergraduate at the University of Michigan, he worked on solar cars, music synthesizers and once proposed that the school build a tram through campus. He arrived at Stanford s computer science doctorate program in 1995, and had a list of initial research ideas, including self-driving cars and using the web s many hyperlinks to improve Internet search. His thesis adviser, Terry Winograd, steered him toward search.

 Even before he came to Stanford he was interested in cool technical things that could be done,  Mr. Winograd said.  What makes something interesting for him is a big technical challenge. It s not so much where it s headed but what the ride is like. 

Inside Google, Mr. Page is known for asking a lot of questions about how people do their jobs and challenging their assumptions about why things are as they are. In an interview at the Fortune Global Forum last year, Mr. Page said he enjoyed talking to people who ran the company s data centers.

 I ask them, like,  How does the transformer work?   How does the power come in?   What do we pay for that?   he said.  And I m thinking about it kind of both as an entrepreneur and as a business person. And I m thinking  What are those opportunities?  

Photo

Another question he likes to ask:  Why can t this be bigger? 

Mr. Page declined multiple requests for comment, and many of the people who spoke about him requested anonymity because they were not supposed to talk about internal company matters.

Many former Google employees who have worked directly with Mr. Page said his managerial modus operandi was to take new technologies or product ideas and generalize them to as many areas as possible. Why can t Google Now, Google s predictive search tool, be used to predict everything about a person s life? Why create a portal to shop for insurance when you can create a portal to shop for every product in the world?

But corporate success means corporate sprawl, and recently Google has seen a number of engineers and others leave for younger rivals like Facebook and start-ups like Uber. Mr. Page has made personal appeals to some of them, and, at least in a few recent cases, has said he is worried that the company has become a difficult place for entrepreneurs, according to people who have met with him.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

Part of Mr. Page s pitch included emphasizing how dedicated he was to  moonshots  like interplanetary travel, or offering employees time and money to pursue new projects of their own. By breaking Google into Alphabet, Mr. Page is hoping to make it a more welcoming home for employees to build new businesses, as well as for potential acquisition targets.

It will also rid his office of the kind of dull-but-necessary annoyances of running a major corporation. Several recently departed Google staff members said that as chief executive of Google, Mr. Page had found himself in the middle of various turf wars, like how to integrate Google Plus, the company s struggling social media effort, with other products like YouTube, or where to put Google Now, which resided in the Android team but was moved to the search group.

What Is Separated Under Alphabet ? Google: search, advertising, maps, YouTube and Android.

Calico, an anti-aging biotech company

Sidewalk, a company focused on smart cities

Nest, a maker of Internet-connected devices for the home

Fiber, high-speed Internet service in a number of American cities

Investment arms, such as Google Ventures and Google Capital

Incubator projects, such as Google X, which is developing self-driving cars and delivery drones

Such disputes are a big reason Mr. Page had been shedding managerial duties and delegating the bulk of his product oversight to Mr. Pichai, these people said. In a 2014 memo to the company announcing Mr. Pichai s promotion to product chief, Mr. Page said the move would allow him to  focus on the bigger picture  at Google and have more time to get the company s next generation of big bets off the ground.

People who have worked with Mr. Page say that he tries to guard his calendar, avoiding back-to-back meetings and leaving time to read, research and see new technologies that interest him.

Given that he is worth in the neighborhood of $40 billion and created the world s most famous website, Mr. Page has the tendency to attract a crowd when he attends technology events. At last year s Darpa Robotics Challenge, he was trailed closely by a handler who at times acted as a buffer between Mr. Page and would-be cellphone photographers. That commotion could annoy anyone, but it is particularly troubling for Mr. Page, who, because of damaged vocal cords, speaks just above a whisper and sometimes uses a microphone in small meetings.

At home in Palo Alto, Mr. Page tries to have the most normal life possible, driving his children to school or taking his family to local street fairs, according to people who know him or have seen him at such events.

And at Google, even events that are decidedly not normal aspire to a kind of casualness. Take the Camp, an exclusive and secretive event that Google holds at a resort in Sicily and where invitees have included Elon Musk, the chief executive of Tesla Motors and SpaceX, Lloyd C. Blankfein, the chief executive of Goldman Sachs, and Tory Burch, the fashion designer.

Photo

One attendee, who asked to remain anonymous because guests were not supposed to discuss the gathering, recalls being surprised by how much time Mr. Page spent with his children.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

In public remarks, Mr. Page has said how important his father, Carl V. Page, a computer science professor at Michigan State University who died in 1996, was to his choice of career.

 My dad was really interested in technology,  Mr. Page said at Google I/O in 2013, the last time he took the stage at the event.  He actually drove me and my family all the way across the country to go to a robotics conference. And then we got there and he thought it was so important that his young son go to the conference, one of the few times I ve seen him really argue with someone to get in someone underage successfully into the conference, and that was me. 

People who work with Mr. Page or have spoken with him at conferences say he tries his best to blend in, and, for the most part, the smaller groups of handpicked attendees at Google s academic and science gatherings, tend to treat him like a peer.

The scope of his curiosity was apparent at Sci Foo Camp, an annual invitation-only conference that is sponsored by Google, O Reilly Media and Digital Science.

Photo

The largely unstructured  unconference  begins when each of its attendees   an eclectic batch of astronomers, psychologists, physicists and others   write something that interests them on a small card and then paste it to a communal wall. Those notes become the basis for breakout talks on topics like scientific ethics or artificial intelligence.

The last conference was held during a weekend in June on Google s Mountain View, Calif., campus, and Mr. Page was there for most of it. He did not host or give a speech, but mingled and went to talks, just like everyone else. That impressed investors and computer scientists who did not expect to see so much of him, but researchers who had come from outside Silicon Valley barely noticed.

 I have a vague memory that some founder type person was walking through the crowd,  said Josh Peek, an assistant astronomer at the Space Telescope Science Institute in Baltimore.

Another benefit of these gatherings for the reserved Mr. Page is that they are mostly closed to the news media.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

A Forward Thinker

When Mr. Page does talk in public, he tends to focus on optimistic pronouncements about the future and Google s desire to help humanity. Asked about current issues, like how mobile apps are challenging the web or how ad blockers are affecting Google s business, he tends to dismiss it with something like,  People have been talking about that for a long time. 

Photo

Lately, he has talked more about his belief that for-profit companies can be a force for social good and change. During a 2014 interview with Charlie Rose, Mr. Page said that instead of a nonprofit or philanthropic organization, he would rather leave his money to an entrepreneur like Mr. Musk.

Of course, for every statement Mr. Page makes about Alphabet s technocorporate benevolence, you can find many competitors and privacy advocates holding their noses in disgust. Technology companies like Yelp have accused the company of acting like a brutal monopolist that is using the dominance of its search engine to steer consumers toward Google services, even if that means giving the customers inferior information.

Financially speaking, Mr. Page is leaving his chief executive job at Google at a time when things could not be better. The company s revenue continues to grow about 20 percent a year, an impressive figure for any business, but particularly so for one that is on pace to generate approximately $60 billion this year.

In fact, the company s main business issue seems to be that it is doing too well. Google is facing antitrust charges in Europe, along with investigations in Europe and the United States. Those issues are now mostly Mr. Pichai s to worry about, as Mr. Page is out looking for the next big thing.

It is hard to imagine how even the most ambitious person could hope to revolutionize so many industries. And Mr. Page, no matter how smart, cannot possibly be an expert in every area Alphabet wants to touch.

His method is not overly technical. Instead, he tends to focus on how to make a sizable business out of whatever problem this or that technology might solve. Leslie Dewan, a nuclear engineer who founded a company that is trying to generate cheap electricity from nuclear waste, also had a brief conversation with Mr. Page at the Solve For X conference.

She said he questioned her on things like modular manufacturing and how to find the right employees.

 He doesn t have a nuclear background, but he knew the right questions to ask,  said Dr. Dewan, chief executive of Transatomic Power.   Have you thought about approaching the manufacturing in this way?   Have you thought about the vertical integration of the company in this way?   Have you thought about training the work force this way?  They weren t nuclear physics questions, but they were extremely thoughtful ways to think about how we could structure the business. 

Dr. Dewan said Mr. Page even gave her an idea for a new market opportunity that she had not thought of. Asked to be more specific, she refused. The idea was too good to share. How To Invest In The Digital Age With The 'Internet Titans' ETF More than 20 years into the global Internet revolution, the explosive growth of the World Wide Web is showing no signs of slowing down. Leaders in Internet technology are constantly finding innovative ways to disrupt the business world with new digital services. And while high-speed Internet connectivity may be old news to Americans, the Internet is still expanding into major emerging markets like China and India.

Become A Part Of The Internet Revolution

There are plenty of investors that are kicking themselves for not investing in Internet companies 10 or 20 years ago. While it s true that plenty of profits have been left on the table at this point, it s not too late to get in on the Internet boom.

If you re looking for a way to invest in the biggest and brightest Internet companies in the world, Stash s  Internet Titans  ETF, more commonly known as the First Trust DJ Internet Fund (ETF) (NYSE: FDN), might be worth a look.

The ETF is nicknamed  Internet Titans  because it includes shares of around 40 of the world s leading companies that are using the Internet to change the way we shop, work, communicate and play.

Which Companies Are Included?

Most of the companies included in  Internet Titans  are household names to the billions of global Internet users because we all use their services every day. Top holdings include Amazon.com. Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), which has changed the way the world does its shopping and stores its data with its $80 billion online retail business and its $5 billion cloud computing segment.

Another top holding in the fund is Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB), which has more than one billion users around the world.

However, even a billion users pales in comparison to the six billion users of Google and its parent company Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL), another  Internet Titans  holding. You d have to be living under a rock to not use one or more of Google s products and services, which include YouTube, Android, Google Search, Google Maps, Chrome and Google Play.

Other familiar names in the fund include Paypal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ: PYPL), eBay Inc (NASDAQ: EBAY) and Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX).

Returns

How good of an investment is  Internet Titans ? The fund s performance speaks for itself. Over the past five years, it has generated a 224 percent return, more than four times the return of the S&P 500, according to Morningstar.

In addition, the fund s expense ratio, the amount of money spent on fees and administrative costs, is only 0.54 percent.

Takeaway

The "Internet Titans" fund is only one of the "I Like" investments that allow investors to avoid hundreds of dollars in trading fees and invest in a wide range of stocks they like all at once by buying a single ETF.

Disclosure: the author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Posted-In: Digital Age Internet Titans Internet Titans ETFLong Ideas Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-04-19
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Q1 2016 Earnings Preview: Big Profits Despite EU ... It s a good time to be Alphabet Inc. (GOOG), the parent company of Google. The holding company that owns Google, YouTube and Android   as well as so-called moonshots like self-driving cars, the home-networking division Nest and Google Fiber   is expected to turn in healthy first-quarter results on Thursday, driven by its dominant position in online search and display advertising.

And yet challenges abound. On Wednesday, the European Commission is expected to formally charge Google for favoring its own apps and services on its Android mobile operating system, which powers more than 80 percent of the world s smartphones. That will be the latest in a decade of entanglements with regulators on both sides of the Atlantic; Google also got some bad press in Britain earlier this year for having paid just $185 million in taxes over the past decade.

Also confronting Google   and the rest of the tech industry   is how to manage government and law enforcement requests for information. This conflict, simmering for a decade, reached fever pitch when the FBI battled Apple Inc. for access to an iPhone used Dec. 2 by one of the San Bernardino, California, killers. Google backed Apple in that case and is also supporting Microsoft in its bid to stop secret user data requests by the U.S. government.

Photo: Georges Gobet/AFP/Getty Images

Photo: REUTERS/GEORGE FREY Previous Next

Indeed, the most serious issues facing Google have nothing to do with its core businesses, which are humming along just fine. The company is expected to report operating profit of $4.4 billion in the first quarter of 2016, up from $3.5 billion in the same period last year and reported earnings per share of $6.31, a 21 percent increase, according to estimates gathered by Thomson Reuters. Total revenue is expected to come in at $20.4 billion, an increase of 18 percent from a year ago.

Google's advertising businesses are as dominant as ever. The company holds more than 88 percent of the global search market despite being blocked in China; YouTube and its display ad infrastructure is increasingly considered a duopoly alongside Facebook. The company has managed a somewhat rocky transition to mobile and has a dominant position there as well.

"The company's hegemonic position in digital advertising alongside Facebook is fundamentally unchanged, and we expect Google to sustain double-digit growth rates in advertising on an ongoing basis," wrote Pivotal Research Group analyst Brian Weiser in a recent research note.

But that "ongoing basis" may end later this year. EMarketer estimates Alphabet's run of double-digit advertising revenue growth will actually come to an end later this year when it dips to 9 percent ad growth ($57.8 billion) in all of 2016, down from 15 percent growth in 2015.

And yet a key question is how profitable Google will remain as it attempts to invent new multibillion-dollar markets beyond digital advertising. RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney estimates that Google's "Other Bets," which include longevity division Calico, home-networking division Nest, Google Fiber, Google Ventures and other moonshots like self-driving cars, will lose $664 million in the quarter on just $110 million in revenue.

Alphabet's "Other Bets" have generated their share of headaches, and the company has reportedly put a big one up for sale, robotics firm Boston Dynamics. That subsidiary wowed the internet with two-legged, humanoid robots but was deemed too unlikely to generate real revenue for years, according to Bloomberg.

Nest, one of Alphabet's most promising moonshots, one with actual products in the market, has also proven problematic, generating multiple reports of unrest and releasing products panned as overpriced and not that useful. The division is reported to be under increased pressure to make money.  The fiscal discipline era has now descended upon everything,  Nest founder and CEO Tony Fadell told the Information. Alphabet Inc's (GOOG) YouTube Announces 360-Degree Live Video Streaming Published By: Angela Campbell on April 19, 2016 10:40 am EST

Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ: GOOG) YouTube has recently announced that the video sharing service will now support live streaming of 360-degree videos on its platform. More importantly, the spatial audio is also supported by YouTube for on-demand videos, which seeks to provide an immersive audio experience unmatched by anything heard before, with depth, distance and intensity all playing a part.

YouTube confirmed that this 360-degree live streaming feature was in development for some time, and the feature should kick off this month with live streaming of the  Coachella  music festival currently underway. YouTube s spatial audio is another feature which has previously been in discussion for Google s VR platform, Google Cardboard, and it is now also supported by the video sharing site.

Spatial hearing allows you to listen to audio as you would listen to it in real life, with difference in quality and experience of the audio output varying with depth and distance. Spatial audio was opened for developers through the Android and Unity Cardboard SDKs, so that they can use the feature on their own apps as well. Announcing support for YouTube only seems the next logical step in the feature s adoption. However, not all videos would support spatial audio; only on-demand ones do for now.

YouTube s 360-degree live video streaming is a feature which has all the potential to really ramp up YouTube s likeability amongst users. No additional hardware   high end or otherwise   is required to watch videos in 360-degree, and after the popularity of 360-degree videos on Facebook, YouTube s adoption of the next-gen video format should only spell good news for users around the world. 
2016-09-26
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Autonomous Google Car Involved In Road Accident Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is facing one of its most feared problems in Google s autonomous vehicles. One of the company s autonomous vehicles was involved in an accident in Mountain View.

Alphabet subsidiary Google has been testing its autonomous vehicle technology in numerous areas including Mountain View. Fortunately for Google, the accident was not caused by the self-driving technology, but rather by human error. One of the Lexus SUV models used in the self-driving tests in Mountain View was hit by a commercial van that ran a red light. The accident was thus a result of human error because the driver of the van did not observe traffic rules.

 Thousands of crashes happen every day on U.S. roads, and red-light running is the leading cause of urban crashes in the U.S. Human error plays a role in 94 percent of these crashes, which is why we re developing fully self-driving technology to make our roads safer,  stated Google.

The test car was driving itself though there was an observer on board. Fortunately, neither the observer nor the driver of the van was injured. The accident, however, caused significant damage to the side of the vehicle. Google also reported that the Lexus vehicle did not enter the intersection until roughly six seconds after the green light. The company also stressed that failure to observe red lights is one of the major causes of accidents in most cities.

Google claims that the recent accident is the worst accident in which one of its autonomous vehicles has been involved. There have been other accounts where self-driving cars were hit from the back by drivers especially in the winter where vehicles slide even after breaking.

 Given that the average U.S. adult drives around 12,000 miles a year, our self-driving cars have navigated the equivalent of 10 years of human driving in just 31 days,  noted Google.

Alphabet stock closed the recent trading session at $814.96, down by $0.99 or 0.12% compared to the value of the stock in the previous trading session.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Daily Stock Updates: Twitter Inc (TWTR), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Microsoft ... The market is now focused on the presidential debate. The chances of a Donald Trump presidency have caught up with it finally, sending it lower today. The market may sell off later in the week if it becomes clear Donald Trump won the debate. I expect him to win the debate because he won the town hall a few weeks ago.

Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) registered an average of 243,000 viewers per minute during its first Thursday Night Football streamed on the platform. It had a total worldwide viewership of 2.1 million. In the second week of the football streaming initiative, average viewers reached 327,000 per minute which was an increase of 34%. Total viewership was 2.2 million. The stock is trading off of buyout speculation. This initiative may make the company more interesting to buyers. Disney is now rumored to be working on a bid for the beleaguered microblogging website.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is working on an operating system which is a hybrid of Android and Chrome. It is called Andromeda. An Andromeda powered Google Pixel laptop is set to be released in Q3 2017. The proposed specs include the following: 12.3 inch display, tablet functionality, 32GB/128GB storage and 8GB/16GB RAM, finger print scanner, USB-C ports, 3.5mm jack, stylus support, stereo speakers, quad microphones, 10-hour battery life, backlit keyboard, glass trackpad with haptic feedback, 10mm thickness.

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) signed a multiyear deal with Renault-Nissan Alliance in a connected-car partnership. Connected car services powered by the two firms will be powered by Microsoft s Azure cloud platform. The services provided are the following: advanced navigation, predictive maintenance, remote monitoring, and services in focus. A VP at Renault-Nissan Alliance made the following statement about the deal:  A car is becoming increasingly connected, intelligent and personal. Partnering with Microsoft allows us to accelerate the development of the associated key technologies needed to enable scenarios our customers want and build all-new ones they haven t even imagined. We aim to become the provider of connected mobility for everyone with one single global platform.  Among Many Others, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Remains The Best Suitable ...  SnapChat Spectacles Vs Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Glass To the surprise of many, it was announced by SnapChat that they were both changing their name to Snap Inc., as well as for the first time in the company s history, bringing out a new hardware product, the SnapChat Spectacles. However, there has been speculation into whether or not this product will fail as the Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Glass product had.

What Does TheSnapChat Spectacles Have That Google Glass Simply Could Not Provide

The first thing that caused the demise of the Google Glass product was simply the price tag that accompanied the product. Average consumers were not able to cover the hefty $1500 investment required to own a pair of the Google Glasses. However, the SnapChat Spectacles have a retail price of $129. This is less than 10% of the retail price of Google Glass.

Furthermore, due to the  limited amount  tag that Snap Inc. has anointed the product with it is speculated that there will be a high demand for the product.

Although, the Snap Inc., spectacles may not be as trendy as a new pair of Luxottica Group SpA (ADR) (NYSE:LUX)Rayban. They are still a great deal more fashionable than that of the Google Glass product, making it more likely for the mainstream public to wish to own a pair of Snap Inc., Spectacles.

Bonus features that aid in the success of the Spectacles product by Snap Inc

In addition to this, the features of the Spectacles are a lot simpler for the everyday consumer. They are designed to do one task. Whereas, with the Google Glass product it was easy to get overwhelmed with the list of activities, requirements, and features that the product was accompanied with.

Another major reason that the Google Glass product stubbornly failed to gain market traction was due to the simple fact that there was no way to tell what someone is doing.

Whereas, with the Spectacles you are able to see when someone is recording, increasing not only the market traction of the product but also the willingness to use it in the community. 
2016-06-27
Alphabet: Challenges Ahead For Android? Media reported that Huawei is looking to develop its own OS to offset its reliance on Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Given that Huawei is becoming one of the largest smartphone makers in the world with roughly 10% of the global market share, it makes sense for Huawei to develop its own OS to lessen the risk associated with being overly reliant on Android. If Huawei decides to develop its own OS, it would be the second company after Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) to consider developing a proprietary OS. I do not see near-term downside on the Android ecosystem because neither Samsung nor Huawei have successfully created an app ecosystem that support their OS but GOOG investors cannot underestimate the long-term risk to Android when both Samsung and Huawei together which accounts for 30% of the global market share migrate away from Android.

Such a scenario could potentially destabilize the entire Android ecosystem, creating a domino effect where other large-scale OEMs have broad geographic footprints, large product portfolios and negotiation power on app developers to pursue their own mobile OS. This will certainly negatively impact GOOG's ability to sell advertising to current handsets that run on Android and further reinforces my view that GOOG needs to scale its Other Bets divisions such as driverless cars, broadband, wireless services and home automation to offset the risk to its core search business (see - Alphabet: Google Fiber Will Eat AT&T And Verizon's lunch).

Between Samsung and Huawei, I believe that Samung poses the biggest risk to the Android ecosystem and has the strongest negotiation power over the app developers but Huawei remains a risk in the long term because Huawei has been growing at a much faster pace than Samsung with shipments growth of +59% as recently as Q1 vs. Samsung which has been flat. That said, I continue to like GOOG due to its focus on developing its moonshot projects but I would be cautious on the company's long-term prospects.

In a highly commoditized smartphone market, hardware OEMs faces the prospect of lower pricing power, higher competition and lower buyer power over the mobile OS. Although Android is largely free to OEMs, overly reliant on GOOG is the single biggest risk to the handset OEMs so it is natural to move up the value chain by creating a proprietary OS. Samsung's backing of the Tizen OS was an early sign that a hardware company is making that transition. Tizen is a Linux-based open source operating system that was created from the merger of several Linux-based systems including LiMO (Samsung/Linux), MeeGo (Nokia/Intel) and Bada (Samsung's prior mobile OS). Tizen differentiates from Android and iOS because it is highly scalability, developer-friendly and has high cross-platform flexibility in that it can be applied to a wide range of connected devices such as smartphone, tablets, laptops/netbooks, vehicle infotainment systems, smart TVs and home appliances. The cross-platform flexibility is a key selling point as Tizen uses HTML5 so developers can maintain a single codebase and perform minimal modification when applied to a different platform.

Tizen supports web applications such as HTML, Javascript and CSS and provide a wide range of services, including app services, content, location, messaging, multimedia, network social and system services. The platform also can sustain extreme performance thresholds with minimum memory requirement which is ideal for mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets. Currently, Tizen can be developed across a variety of Samsung-branded products such as phones, tablets and smart home appliances but the only bottleneck is the availability of the apps. Unless Samsung can persuade the Android and the iOS app developers create apps for a third OS, the current status quo is unlikely to change. However, I believe that if Samsung were to partner with another large OEM such as Huawei or Lenovo, then the app developers will likely consider the additional ecosystem.

Samsung'a and Huawei's decision to work on their mobile OS also serves a secondary purpose in that they could venture into GOOG's territory of generating recurring revenue streams post device sales. GOOG and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) benefit from targeted ads, location-based-services video content and app sales. I note that Samsung, along with other OEMs, have been at a severe disadvantage in the Google partnership in that the OEMs had minimal success in attracting users to its own mobile content and services while Google benefited from its search bars, app store and mobile services on Samsung's Galaxy devices. With a successful mobile OS, both Samsung and Huawei could generate recurring and high margin revenue from app stores and other mobile services.

Although Samsung's Tizen and Huawei's proprietary mobile OS are still in their early stages of development, we could see an escalation of ecosystem battles among the established OEMs going forward, led by Samsung and a handful of Chinese OEMs. As a sign of OEM's commitment to this issue, Huawei hired Abigail Brody from Apple last year in a clear attempt to improve its product design and interface. Besides AAPL, Huawei has made senior hires from BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY) and Nokia (NYSE:NOK) to beef up its mobile OS features so a competing ecosystem is certainly in the making and could potentially disrupt GOOG's current Android dominance in the long run. 
2016-05-10
Alphabet Inc: Is There Any Meaningful Upside in GOOGL Stock? Think Alphabet Inc ( GOOG , GOOGL ) is an investment in a web-search company s results? Guess again.

As nice as it is to think owning Google stock is participation in Alphabet s fundamentals, that s not quite the case. In the short run as well as in intermediate-term time frames, GOOGL and GOOG stock are predictions about how the rest of the market will feel about the company at a particular date in the future.

That s an indirect way of saying traders   and even investors   who aren t studying a chart of GOOGL as a means of gauging the market s changing opinion of the company aren t doing themselves any favors.

With that said  

Maximum Altitude Achieved

GOOGL shares may be up a bit today, and up 7% from their late-April low, but they re hardly in an impressive (or reliable) uptrend. The current rally effort was only put into motion after Alphabet shares had broken below their 200-day moving average line (for the first time since the middle of last year), and even with the gains over the past couple of weeks, the stock s still below all of its other key moving averages.

If nothing else, that s a sign that the short- and intermediate-term momentum remains bearish.

That being said, perhaps the most alarming aspect of the current rally effort isn t where it s happening, but what s missing: volume.

The daily volume since the April 29 reversal has been below average, and noticeably weaker than the bearish volume that upended GOOGL in mid-April. If this rally is to last, at the very least, it needs more participants.

That needed volume might materialize after (if) GOOGL stock can clear its short-term moving average. It s a nasty potential catch-22 though, in that Alphabet needs that volume first to move above all that resistance converging around $743.

Zooming to a weekly chart of GOOGL offers a little more perspective on what s holding the stock back. Simply put: It s still struggling to justify its lofty valuation following a huge jump in July 2015 and another huge rally in fall. Alphabet has been unable to move beyond a ceiling at $794 since then despite ongoing earnings and revenue growth, though it s tried a couple of times.





Interestingly, using that ceiling at $794 and a starting point of $491 (the last major low GOOGL made in early 2015), we can see a Fibonacci retracement line materializes at $678. That s essentially where Alphabet shares found a floor in early February, pushing up and off of it to test $794 again. It ultimately failed that test, but at least the $794 mark was confirmed as an important ceiling.

That s good to know, in the sense that it will make any move beyond $794 all the more meaningful. But it s concerning because the more often a level is confirmed as resistance, the tougher it becomes to break past it.

The weekly chart of GOOGL also makes it clear how little buying interest there s been at the lofty levels reached late last year. It could be a while before earnings catch up with the stock s valuation.

Bottom Line for GOOGL, GOOG Stock

For the true short-term trader, GOOGL and GOOG stock both continue to offer lots of swing trading opportunities   as has been the case for years. Short-term reversals are the norm, and most of them have been relatively well-signaled.

It s also worth noting right now that encounters with key moving average lines aren t always meaningful, but when they do play a role in starting, stopping or continuing trends, they do so in a big way. With GOOGL within reach of a thick band of moving average lines between $743 and $747, such a make-or-break moment could materialize soon.

Be ready for either possibility; the intended direction should become clear soon enough.

As for long-term traders (aka investors)  

While Alphabet and its stock isn t in any particular trouble, with a clear lack of buying interest at its recently achieved P/E of more than 30   trailing and forward-looking   the stagnation in the $700s can t be a surprise. You may want to get used to this range-bound action, and even keep an eye out for a break below $678.

If the market unravels and takes GOOGL and GOOG stock with it, that floor is likely the point where most investors will experience an  uh-oh  moment and open the selling floodgates.

As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Will Amazon Reach $1000 a Share Before Alphabet? Maybe: Chart Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. s Carlos Kirjner raised his estimate for Amazon.com Inc. s stock price by 30 percent on Tuesday, becoming the only analyst who sees the online retailer reaching $1,000 a share before Alphabet Inc. does. Three other analysts -- Axiom Capital Management Inc. s Victor Anthony, Mizuho Securities USA Inc. s Neil Doshi and RBC Capital Markets LLC s Mark Mahaney -- have the opposite view, data compiled by Bloomberg show. They expect Class A shares of Alphabet, owner of the Google search service, to climb to $1,000 or more in the next 12 months. Their highest estimate for Amazon is $811. Mixed News For Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) And Apple Inc. (AAPL) As Installs Slow But ... Published By: Angela Campbell on May 10, 2016 08:24 am EST

Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ:AAPL) applications have close to three fifths of global revenue with the most of the rest going to Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). IDC research indicates that these numbers are expected to grow all the way to 2020. The report was also vaguely optimistic on install volumes guiding for slower growth in the future. Mobile ad spending continues to be dominated by Google and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB).

According to the IDC s data on 2015 and their latest forecast for the second half of this decade, application install volume growth and direct revenue growth will slow down all the way till 2020; the end of the forecast period. The mobile market is maturing throughout the globe which means install volume will be reduced to single digits by 2020 with a 6.3% Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) calculated. Non advertising revenue growth from applications will also slow down with a 10.6% CAGR. In 2015, IDC reports 156 billion applications on mobile that helped raise non-advertising revenue of $34.2 billion and going forward, they expect 210 billion installs and around $57 billion in non-advertising revenue by 2020.

For Apple with 58% share of global non-advertising application revenue, and Google with 36% share; in 2015, this continued growth albeit at a slower pace is still relatively good news. Apple in particular has reported a 36% YoY growth from applications and their latest report shows that their Services segment made up of App Store and other services, has grown to become the second largest of the company s businesses just behind the iPhone. Apple s app install volume share was understandable at only 15% in 2015, declining 8% YoY while Google Play had 60% share of install volumes with 36% growth - thanks to the proliferation of android ecosystem across the globe. However, Apple has nothing to worry about as long as it continues monetizing its services and generating revenue at a rate far better than Google.

IDC adds that Google and Facebook continue to attract the mass of mobile advertising, thanks to the scale of their user base as well as the growing sophistication of their networks. Facebook is extending its monetization schemes on its Messenger app by introducing bots which will bring increasing amounts of facilities and services to the app and therefore, more advertisers. 
2016-04-11
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) To Terminate Its Free Google Fiber Offer In Kansas ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has revealed plans to discontinue its Internet offer in Kansas City where it offered a 5Mbps alternative which would be free for the first six years.

Customers that subscribed to the service were initially required to pay an initial installation fee of $300 after which they would receive internet at 5Mbps for six years without having to pay an extra dime. The company has revealed that it will be discontinuing the offer, but it will provide an alternative where users will receive 100Mbps at a monthly fee of $50.

This means customers looking for affordable internet can no longer sign up to Google s previous offer, but those who had already subscribed to the service will continue to receive it. Google did not reveal the reasons behind the decision. However, it might be because the $300 might have been beyond the reach of low-income earners and it might not have been attractive to people who move often. The new $50 monthly offer does not include any installation plans, and it will be more appealing due to its price friendly cost.

The new offer will be much faster than the 5Mbps service, and it will also be the most affordable option in its class. The previous service is still on offer in some of the other areas where Google Fiber is available in, but the company claims that it will be terminated by May 19. Though it was an attractive offer, it still faced some problems such as buffering while streaming. The new service which is also called Fiber 100 will be a better alternative to customers because it will also offer faster speeds.

The company had announced in its blog two months ago that internet access should be available to more people and that it was seeking out new ways of making that happen. The announcement pointed out that the firm was planning to launch a new low-cost internet option that would be fast enough to stream HD content and make video calls. The services complement the superfast 1Gbps Google Fiber service, which costs $70 per month.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-08-31
Better Buy: GoPro Inc vs. Alphabet Inc It's hard to imagine two companies that are more different than GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG). Sure, they're both technology companies -- but that's where the similarities end. One is the world's second-largest company by market cap, while the other has failed to turn a profit over the past twelve months.

But that doesn't necessarily mean that Alphabet's stock is a better bet than GoPro's. For that, you need to view shares of each company through three different lenses.

Financial fortitude

While cash in the bank isn't that exciting to shareholders -- most prefer it either coming back in the form of dividends, or being reinvested for huge growth opportunities -- it's crucial to long-term investing success.

When hard times hit, companies with lots of debt and not much cash are caught between a rock and a hard place. They must narrow their focus to just pay the bills. Companies with lots of cash, on the other hand, are emboldened: they can outspend rivals to put them out of business, buy back their own shares on the cheap, or even make opportunistic acquisitions.

Here's how Alphabet and GoPro stack up in terms of financial fortitude.

Company Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Alphabet $77B $6B $18B $20B GoPro $0.28B $0 ($0.22B) ($0.1)

It should be noted that Alphabet is currently worth over 250 times GoPro, so such large discrepancies between the two companies aren't that surprising.

While GoPro's balance sheet is admirable for a company its size -- with zero debt to its name -- things haven't been going well. Since the company's failed execution with the Hero 4 Session -- which included two price slashes to move inventory -- cash on hand has fallen from $320 at the beginning of 2015 to where it is today.

Alphabet, on the other hand, has very little debt relative to cash, and is a veritable cash machine. It's easy to declare a winner here.

Winner = Alphabet.

Sustainable competitive advantage

Over my eight years as an investor, no metric has correlated as closely with my returns as the strength of the competitive advantages -- or moats -- of the underlying companies.

Alphabet has one of the strongest moats in the world: Google has seven products with over one billion users each, and with the exception of Facebook, no company can offer advertisers the same type of data for targeted ads than Google.

GoPro, on the other hand, is at perhaps the most crucial point in its history as a company. Currently, the only real advantage the company has is its brand name -- which has been sullied as of late. With more and more competition entering the action-camera market, there's a real threat that its technology could become commoditized.

The only real hope GoPro has is the formation of an ecosystem that has high switching costs. In effect, this would look something like a combination of editing and publishing technology only available with GoPro cameras, as well as the development of real content platforms for users to share their videos.

But where things stand today, Alphabet is the clear winner with the largest moat.

Winner = Alphabet

Valuation

Finally, we deal with how expensive the stocks really are. There are tons of ways to evaluate this, but here are four of my favorite metrics.

Company P/E P/FCF P/S PEG Ratio Alphabet 25 27 6.7 1.3 GoPro N/A N/A 1.7 0.7

Normally, when a company lacks earnings and free cash flow -- as is the case with GoPro -- it would be the unanimous loser. But this presents an interesting case. GoPro has two new products coming out this holiday season that could be blockbusters and give the company a surge of cash. That's reflected in a PEG Ratio that's well below 1.0.

As such, I'm willing to call this a draw. Alphabet is somewhat expensive, but it also still has massive opportunities from the migration to ad dollars online. And if any one of the company's "Other Bets" pays off, it could be a huge needle-mover.

Winner = Tie

So there you go, Alphabet is -- by my estimation -- a much better stock to buy today. That helps explain why I've devoted almost 12% of my real-life holdings to Alphabet, and less than 2% to GoPro. Google 'plans tie-up' with MUFG on Android Pay platform Alphabet Inc. will tie up with Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. on its Android Pay platform, a person with knowledge of the matter said, the latest move by a technology giant to tap Japan s rapidly growing digital payments market.

Starting as early as this autumn, users of certain Android-based mobile phones will be able to use MUFG s debit cards for transactions made through Android Pay, the person said, asking not to be identified because the matter is private. The Nikkei newspaper reported the news earlier Wednesday.

Alphabet spokesman David Marx declined to comment, as did Taiki Kitaura, a spokesman for MUFG s main lending unit.

The tie-up between Google s parent and Japan s largest lender comes after Bloomberg News reported last week that Apple Inc. s next iPhones sold in the country may include technology called FeliCa, the mobile tap-to-pay standard developed by Sony Corp. that is carried in cards such as the Suica and Pasmo rail passes.

Japan s mobile-payments network has expanded more than sevenfold since September 2007 to 1.9 million terminals in May. That compares with the 1.3 million terminals in the U.S. and 320,000 in the U.K., according to research from Let s Talk Payments and the U.K. Cards Association. Here Is Every Twitter Takeover Rumor Of 2016 Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) shares are sharply higher in Wednesday s session. In the absence of major news, the stock may once again be moving on rumors of a buyout. Shares are down 16 percent in 2016.

Although no deal has been announced, a number of possible buyers have been rumored to have an interest in Twitter this year. Here s a look back at all of Twitter s rumored suitors in 2016.

January 20: Twitter spikes 14 percent on rumors of a News Corp (NASDAQ: NWSA) buyout.

Twitter spikes 14 percent on rumors of a (NASDAQ: NWSA) buyout. January 21: The Wall Street Journal s Miriam Gottfried suggests Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) as a top Twitter buyout candidate. Gottfried also mentions Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX) and Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (NASDAQ: FOXA) as potential buyers.

The Wall Street Journal s Miriam Gottfried suggests (NASDAQ: GOOGL) as a top Twitter buyout candidate. Gottfried also mentions (NYSE: TWX) and (NASDAQ: FOXA) as potential buyers. February 1: The Information reports that Marc Andreessen and private equity group Silver Lake considered a Twitter buyout.

The Information reports that Marc Andreessen and private equity group Silver Lake considered a Twitter buyout. March 31: Twitter shares spike on renewed rumors that Google is considering a buyout at a 100 percent premium to market price.

Twitter shares spike on renewed rumors that Google is considering a buyout at a 100 percent premium to market price. June 3: The New York Post reports that Twitter and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) discussed a potential merger.

Related Link: Jack Attack: Should Twitter Buy Square?

October 11: Faber Reports Twitter, Salesforce Still In Talks

October 14: FT Reports 'Twitter suitors vanish as Salesforce rules out bid'

June 13: Recode speculates that Google and Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ: CMCSA) are top Twitter buyout candidates.

Recode speculates that Google and (NASDAQ: CMCSA) are top Twitter buyout candidates. June 17: Vanity Fair s Nick Bilton claims that Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL), Google and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) are unlikely to bid for Twitter.

Vanity Fair s Nick Bilton claims that (NASDAQ: AAPL), Google and (NASDAQ: FB) are unlikely to bid for Twitter. June 27: TechCrunch names Google as a possible Twitter buyer, sending shares higher. The article also mentions Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ), AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), Apple, News Corp and Facebook as potential buyers.

TechCrunch names Google as a possible Twitter buyer, sending shares higher. The article also mentions (NYSE: VZ), (NYSE: T), (NASDAQ: MSFT), (NASDAQ: AMZN), Apple, News Corp and Facebook as potential buyers. August 3: Rumors circulate that Steve Ballmer and Saidi Arabian Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal are interested in acquiring Twitter for $22-26 per share.

Rumors circulate that Steve Ballmer and Saidi Arabian Prince Al-Waleed bin Talal are interested in acquiring Twitter for $22-26 per share. August 30-31: More speculation that Google may be interested in a takeover.

More speculation that Google may be interested in a takeover. September 23: CNBC's David Faber reports Twitter is moving closer to a sale. Bidders could include Google and Salesforce (NYSE: CRM).

CNBC's David Faber reports Twitter is moving closer to a sale. Bidders could include Google and (NYSE: CRM). September 26: Bloomberg reports Disney (NYSE: DIS) is working with an advisor on a potential bid.

Bloomberg reports (NYSE: DIS) is working with an advisor on a potential bid. September 26: Faber reports sale could happen within 30-45 days; says Microsoft could be a potential bidder.

Faber reports sale could happen within 30-45 days; says Microsoft could be a potential bidder. September 30: Bloomberg reports Alphabet's Google has tapped Lazard to review a potential bid.

Bloomberg reports Alphabet's Google has tapped Lazard to review a potential bid. October 4: WSJ reports Twitter is expected to field bids this week.

WSJ reports Twitter is expected to field bids this week. October 5: Source tells Benzinga Salesforce shareholders would not be happy with a purchase.

Source tells Benzinga Salesforce shareholders would not be happy with a purchase. October 5: Recode reports Google, Apple and Disney are no longer considering a bid.

Recode reports Google, Apple and Disney are no longer considering a bid. October 6: Source Familiar With The Matter Tells Benzinga Salesforce Interest in Twitter Began Early July, Deal Discussed Had Little To No Premium to Current Valuation

Source Familiar With The Matter Tells Benzinga Salesforce Interest in Twitter Began Early July, Deal Discussed Had Little To No Premium to Current Valuation October 10: Bloomberg Reports That Top Bidders Have Lost Interest, Says Company May Consider Divestiture

Bloomberg Reports That Top Bidders Have Lost Interest, Says Company May Consider Divestiture November 14: Twitter Shares Spike Higher Over Last Min as Hearing Betaville Suggesting Disney Still Showing Takeover Interest

Twitter Shares Spike Higher Over Last Min as Hearing Betaville Suggesting Disney Still Showing Takeover Interest December 1: Betaville Reports Disney To Have Rekindled Interest In Buying Twitter, Price Agreed

Posted-In: News Rumors M&A Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-06-21
Alphabet, Facebook seen acquiring more as startup valuations sag David Drummond has a simple explanation for why Alphabet Inc., one of the more acquisitive technology companies, has been sitting on its hands for more than a year.

"Have you seen the valuations?" Drummond, the corporate development chief for Google's parent company, said in an interview after the Alphabet annual shareholder meeting June 8.

That's about to change as stratospheric startup valuations fall to earth, luring Alphabet and other big technology companies back into the market for mergers and acquisitions and forcing startup founders and investors to take offers more seriously.

"You are seeing changes in the valuations of unicorns and decacorns," Drummond said, referring to startups worth more than $1 billion and $10 billion respectively. "It's not all up and to the right now."

Veteran Silicon Valley executive Meg Whitman feels the same. After focusing on a company reorganization, the chief executive officer of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. said she's ready to buy because startup "valuations will be more reasonable."

Apple CEO Tim Cook said in late April that the iPhone maker "would definitely buy something larger than we've bought thus far." Salesforce.com Inc. CEO Marc Benioff said this M&A season "is the most intense, most exciting I've ever seen."

Big U.S. technology companies accumulated mountains of cash for years and often use acquisitions to bring in talent or expand into new businesses. The 360 technology and telecommunications companies in the Russell 3000 Index hold a combined $870.2 billion, the most in at least 16 quarters, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. But a flood of money from venture capital firms, hedge funds and mutual funds in recent years pushed startup valuations beyond what many public acquirers were willing to pay.

Annual U.S. VC funding more than doubled to $63 billion from 2013 through 2015. That pushed the median valuation of startup financing rounds to $68 million in the third quarter of 2015 from $17 million at the start of 2013, venture capitalist Mark Suster estimates. The unicorn herd has grown from 13 at the start of 2013 to more than 150, according to research firm CB Insights.

"For the last three to four years a lot of public companies stood back and watched all the drama and bubble, bubble, bubble in Silicon Valley," said Marc Andreessen, co-founder of venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz. "There were a lot of deals that should have happened that just didn't." Alphabet has made less than $300 million in acquisitions so far this year and the number for 2015 was $380 million.

From 2011 through 2014, the company -- then known as Google Inc. -- averaged more than $5 billion worth of deals a year. After spending more than $20 billion on acquisitions of WhatsApp and Oculus in 2014, Facebook's deal-making has focused on much smaller targets, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

The $18 billion purchase of revenue-light WhatsApp and a failed Facebook attempt to buy Snapchat for $3 billion in 2013 emboldened other startup founders and backers to ask for high prices when discussing potential acquisitions, according to investment bankers and corporate M&A executives. Some Google executives started jokingly measuring unicorn valuations based on multiples of Snapchat, because there were few serious ways to value expensive startups with little or no revenue.

So a startup might be 2x Snapchat, or $6 billion, or 3x SC, according to a former Google executive, who didn't want to be identified discussing internal M&A strategy. An Alphabet spokeswoman declined to comment.

But capital has begun to flow more slowly to startups now and valuations are falling. In the first quarter, there were 14 down rounds or exits below the previous financing valuations. In the fourth quarter of 2015, there were 16. That compares to six and seven such events in the previous two quarters, according to CB Insights.

Jawbone, Foursquare and DoorDash were notable down rounds in the first quarter. Gilt Groupe, once worth more than $1 billion, sold to Hudson's Bay Co. for $250 million earlier this year. Yodle, once valued at $600 million, was purchased for half that in February. Good Technology sold for $425 million in September, after getting a $1.1 billion valuation previously. This year, mutual funds including Fidelity Investments and T. Rowe Price marked down the value of their holdings in startups such as Hootsuite Media, Dropbox, CloudFlare, Cloudera, DocuSign and Zenefits.

This hasn't sparked a rash of acquisitions of startups yet because valuations only truly reset when new financing events happen. This is a contrast to public equity markets, where technology company stocks trade every second and valuations have already dropped enough to trigger an M&A revival.

LinkedIn Corp. lost almost half its market value in the first quarter, luring Microsoft Corp. on June 13 to offer $26.2 billion for the professional network, its largest acquisition ever. Despite a big premium, the per-share price was 24 percent below LinkedIn's 52-week high. "For the public companies the adjustment has happened. For private companies, it's just beginning," said Byron Deeter, a partner at Bessemer Venture Partners, which has backed startups including LinkedIn, Pinterest, Blue Apron and Yodle. He expects Google, Facebook, Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., Salesforce, Adobe Systems Inc., International Business Machines Corp. and Microsoft to be "very aggressive" acquirers.

More than 60 percent of unicorns, including WeWork, BuzzFeed, Domo and Credit Karma, will probably need to raise another round of capital during the next three quarters, CB Insights estimates. That may crystallize lower valuations, bringing them closer to public market rivals, Deeter said, citing Dropbox and Box Inc. as an example.

Box shares trade in the public market at about 4.4 times sales, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Dropbox was valued at $10 billion, or about 25 times estimated 2014 sales of $400 million, when it raised money from investors including T. Rowe Price that year, according to CB Insights analysis. By early 2016, T. Rowe Price had cut its valuation of Dropbox by more than 50 percent, suggesting it is worth less than $5 billion. Revenue has grown since 2014, so the startup likely has a multiple from 5 to 10 times sales now. That's still a premium to Box, but a lot closer. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Google Changes The Way You Search For Medical Related ... Published By: Ken Bock on June 21, 2016 02:09 pm EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) wants to revamp their website to better accommodate to users that search for their medical related symptoms online. Most of us are guilty of Googling our symptoms online in order to determine our medical condition rather than just visiting a nearby doctor. The process is not only quick but also significantly cheaper. However, the accuracy of this method is highly questionable. This is the reason Google wants to improve its website to accommodate users with accurate results for their symptoms. Here is The Country Caller s take on how Google wants to change the way you search for medical related symptoms online.

Google is set out on a mission to give users better search results whenever they Google their symptoms like headaches, joint pains, rashes, etc. The search engine giant will be rolling out its new symptom search service in the coming few days. Google has taken the step after it has learned that 1 percent of daily searches are related to medical symptoms. Along with that, previous studies have showed that 80 percent of internet users engage in searches in accordance with their medical symptoms more often than they visit their doctor.

The revamp includes Google showing descriptions from top search results and the search engine giant will also take actual medical assistance from Harvard Medical School to filter out inaccurate search results. This will drastically improve the accuracy of search results when users try to find out what is wrong with their bodies. Google insists that it has initiated the revamp of its search engine to assist users in figuring out any medical complications but it does not want to replace itself with the competency of actual doctors. Users can take assistance from Google but it is still the best option to visit a renowned doctor if your medical symptoms seem serious.

If internet users persist in searching causes and consequences of their medical symptoms through Google, then the move has at least filtered out any inaccurate search results that users would be seeking advice from. It s important to remember that although Google can help you figure out how to tackle your medical symptoms but it is better if you visit an actual doctor to ensure that the symptoms are not serious. Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Tops Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) YouTube As Most Watched ... Published By: Angela Campbell on June 21, 2016 01:08 pm EST

Over the last few year, Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) has created a large base of subscribers in the US and has been arguably called the biggest on-demand video service in the county. Now, a research firm confirms this claim.

Digital TV Europe reported that the world s largest online TV network has beaten Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube to become the most watched on-demand video service in the US. The research was conducted by Ampere Analysis by measuring fraction of users interaction with a service over the last month.

While Netflix stole the show with 47% share of in terms of user viewing, YouTube came in at second with 42% share. Other top services include Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Instant Video service (22%), Hulu (19%), and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) videos (15%).

Interestingly, US is the only country in the world where YouTube is not the most used video service, according to Ampere. The Google s videos platform has 43% share among the British users. Netflix does not even make it to the second in the UK with 20% share, as BBC s iPlayer has 36% of the market.

Ampere Analysis Research Director, Richard Broughton said that British users widely use free online videos, but subscription video on-demand (SVoD) services, such as Amazon Prime and Netflix, are creating demand for  pay for content.  He expects Generation X, which is unwilling to spend online, to gradually move towards these services.

Ampere also found which device users use to watch online video services. While commuting, people use smaprtphone to watch the video, but prefer having a bigger computer or TV screen.

Notably, Americans and British consumers do not have the same taste when it comes to viewing content, as most of the people in the US prefer comedy videos and UK users usually opt for fantasy and sc-fi content. 
2016-01-08
Alphabet in 2016: Should You Buy GOOG Stock? Google has long been a Wall Street star   and some experts believe that will continue in 2016. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)

Some investment puns pack true substance. So when Todd Antonelli calls Google and its related ventures "alpha-bets," he sums up what many investment experts see as the key to the tech giant's future.

As everyone knows, Google long ago evolved into more than just a ubiquitous search engine. But in breaking down the various parts of Alphabet (ticker: GOOG)   the name the company adopted in August   you can get a clear sense of just how much of a juggernaut it's become and where it's going to place its new high-tech wagers in 2016.

"Alphabet gives it freedom to expand beyond its core business," says Antonelli, managing director of the Berkeley Research Group in Chicago, who predicts that Alphabet will adding to a list of products that includes the billion-strong Android smartphone system, Google's lightning-fast Internet fiber, Google Express delivery service and Google Glass smart eyewear.

But not even Google Chrome and a certain search engine can hunt down the answer to this question: Can all of Alphabet's activity translate to continuous, increased value for shareholders? Or: As Alphabet places its wild wagers, should investors follow suit with GOOG stock?

A rough start to 2016. GOOG stock struggled through the first week of 2016, down more than 5 percent, although it's still outperforming the Nasdaq exchange, which fell more than 7 percent in the market's early swoon.

And without a doubt, some of Alphabet's pet projects are just plain wacky by Wall Street standards. Stratospheric Wi-Fi balloons. Levi's smart jeans (do they tell you when your waistline needs to lay off the Twinkies?). Self-propelled cars aiming to become Uber without the driver. But as some observers explain it, the creation of Alphabet means that these projects   some of them, anyway   could quickly turn from pipe dreams to cash pipelines.

One organizing principles behind forming Alphabet "is to expose its 'moonshots' to greater internal scrutiny," says Barry Randall, chief investment officer of Crabtree Asset Management in St. Paul, Minnesota and manager of the Crabtree Technology portfolio on Covestor. "This imposes a kind of intramural pressure among them to meet or exceed agreed-upon goals, whatever they be."

Meanwhile, some of Alphabet's hot properties have already arrived. Who can deny the power of YouTube, for example? It has turned a host of otherwise obscure 20-something comedians and creatives into wealthy celebrities and entrepreneurs.

"According to the YouTube website, the number of people watching YouTube per day is up 40 percent year over year from March 2014. Eighty percent of the viewership is outside the U.S.," says Gary Tsarsis, clinical assistant professor of business administration at the University of Pittsburgh's Katz Graduate School of Business.

And talk about a ratings bonanza the likes of which network or cable TV has never seen: "YouTube currently has more 1 billion users," Tsarsis says. "The cord-cutting trend looks like it will continue and this will benefit Google."

Alphabet has a new structure. Yet Alphabet also has an inside story investors will want to study, and that involves how a new corporate structure makes room for other leaders to take charge of the former Google's various divisions.

"It creates headroom for talented executives such as Google CEO Sundar Pichai, Tony Fadell of Nest [a smart thermostat property] and YouTube's Susan Wojcicki," says Rita McGrath, a professor at Columbia Business School. "They might get restless if they perceive they've been steamrollered by the success of the cash-printing machine that is Google's advertising business."

Others point to one potential bump in the road for the Alphabet posse and its investor acolytes. "Google is still excessively distracted," says technology analyst Rob Enderle of the Enderle Group in Bend, Oregon. "They have never been able to find a technology they didn't want to invest in and continue to have the focus of a small child on lots of sugar."

That said, Alphabet is in the position of having money to burn while still staying hot. And that could set them up to buy big in the one area where they've actually stumbled badly: social media.

"Google's forays over the last decade have all failed," says Larry Kim, founder and chief technical officer of WordStream, an online advertising platform. "They are too big to not have any credible offering in this space and need to buy a social media company."

Well, how about the struggling Twitter (TWTR)? "Twitter could be great if they had Google's experience with algorithms and monetization," Kim says.

Google has been a Wall Street star. Maybe it could lend Twitter one of those cash-printing presses, too. Since its initial public offering in 2004, Alphabet's stock price has risen an astronomical 1,600-plus percent. But before you heave a high-tech sigh for missing the boat, keep in mind that many market observers see more boisterous years ahead.

"There is a lot more value still to be unlocked from Alphabet," says Daniel Beckerman, also a Covestor portfolio manager and president of Beckerman Institutional in Oakhurst, New Jersey. "I like to use the analogy of an early-stage Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.A, BRK.B). Investors now look back and say a single share of Berkshire Hathaway purchased decades ago is now worth close to $200,000. It blew away the performance of the Standard & Poor's 500 index, and I think that in 30 years time, Alphabet will also be an impressive story."

As for the near term, "We expect another year of tremendous growth and innovation from Alphabet," says Craig Palli, chief strategy officer of the mobile marketing technology company Fiksu. "They're a top investment due to their leadership in all major tech growth areas: mobile, digital, video, and up-and-coming technologies such as autonomous cars, virtual reality and the Internet of Things."

So in the end, should investors put their money into Alphabet? If Wall Street can truly be likened to a casino, then at least one wager is tipped in favor of those poised to take a calculated risk. Project Tango: yes, your smartphone can be more useful LAS VEGAS -- Smartphones have already replaced cameras, navigation systems, calculators, flashlights and many other devices in most users  lives.

Next up: The tape measure.

The ability to accurately measure an environment down to the centimeter appears to be just the first breakthrough feature for Project Tango, a joint project between Alphabet Inc. s GOOG, -0.09% GOOGL, -0.15% Google and Lenovo 0992, -0.78% The next-generation sensors developed by the two companies were fully displayed for the first time Thursday night at the CES trade show, and Lenovo announced the first consumer device utilizing Tango will launch this summer.

The sensors and software build three-dimensional models of the environment surrounding a smartphone in real time, allowing users to access precise measurement data. The technology also presents augmented-reality-like features, with users able to see artificial creations interact with their actual environment through the phone s camera.

The final product provides  a sense of space and time that s human scale,  said Johnny Lee, the technical program lead from Google.

Lee compared the technology to the addition of GPS to phones, saying that few realized how essential that offering would eventually become, thanks to apps such as Google Maps. To foster the creation of software that will take advantage of the abilities Tango creates, Lenovo and Google created an app incubator program that will fund and support the development of apps, with virtual reality and augmented reality specifically mentioned as a focus.

Early software exhibited Thursday evening included content that would make any contractor, mover or interior designer immediately interested. Beyond the ability to measure any area easily, apps from early partners Elemental and Lowe s showed the ability to bring virtual objects -- specifically a couch and refrigerator -- into the actual environment displayed through the smartphone s camera.

For consumers, mobile games and navigation could get a boost from the technology as well. Lee exhibited a Jenga game with virtual blocks presented on an actual table, and also brought out virtual pets that interacted with the environment, while showing video of an indoor-navigation app that placed virtual dots on the floor for the user to follow.

So far, Google and Lenovo have put the sensors and cameras needed for the technology in a 7-inch tablet only distributed to partner developers. Now, Lenovo plans to introduce an as-yet-unnamed smartphone this summer, with early details including the size (less than 6.5 inches), price (less than $500), and the use of a Qualcomm Inc. QCOM, -1.12% SnapDragon processor. 
2016-01-19
YouTube Appeals to Small Businesses. Will They Spend Money With Alphabet Inc.? YouTube, part of the Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) empire, rolled out a video last month starring the Simpsons characters that targets small businesses as advertisers on the popular Web video platform. The move highlights what's soon to become a major battlefield for the big online players such as Google and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and the ad tech they've been developing.

The video, which plays off Homer's famous scheme to start a snowplowing business, shows the character trying to get his "Mr. Plow" business off the ground by tucking promotional leaflets beneath car wipers, only to see them all blown away by gusting winter winds.

Money wasted, and a small business headed for destruction, is the plotline. Until, of course, Lisa advertises her dad's business with a spot on YouTube, complete with his famous "Mr. Plow" jingle, and targets local customers.

The phone starts ringing off the hook. Business for Mr. Plow thrives. Homer gets a key to the city.

The company's message to potential advertisers: "YouTube isn't just a place for brands with primetime budgets; it has become a powerful tool for small and medium businesses, too."

Big growth potential

There's good reason YouTube is appealing to small businesses: The market for local advertising is huge. In early 2015, it was estimated at more than $115 billion. For perspective, that's nearly double Google's revenue in 2014, and 10 times the ad revenue Facebook brought in over that fiscal year.

The local market, however, has long been elusive to the major online players for a number of reasons. Local advertising had for generations been the domain of local media and traditional ad vehicles such as mailers and billboards.

Until about a decade ago, newspapers were a thriving industry that generated the vast majority of its revenue from advertising and the lion's share of advertising from local small and medium-sized businesses. Local radio stations also pulled in their fair share of the small-business ad market.

Advancing ad tech, combined with the rise of mobile computing, is changing that situation at a rapid pace.

Online advertising was set to grow more than 40% in 2015 and potentially eclipse the 40% growth mark it reached a year earlier, according to research from Borrell Associates. Local ads have been seen as a significant driver of that booming business.

Consider newspapers, which had long been the most popular vehicle for local businesses to advertise in. Between 2008 and 2015, advertising revenue for newspapers tumbled by some 43%, dropping from nearly $26 billion a year to less than $15 billion. Radio, which also commands a big slice of local advertising, watched as ad revenue fell by 26% over that time.

Over those same years, the online ad market enjoyed a nearly fourfold increase, climbing from just more than $12 billion to nearly $48 billion.

Two big weapons in the war for ad dollars

Platforms such as Google and Facebook long ago demonstrated that they have incredible reach. Facebook counts more than 160 million Americans and Canadians as daily users. YouTube, meanwhile, claims some 85% of all adults with Web access as regular users. But most local advertisers are trying to reach customers within a stone's throw.

As tech advances, it should have two distinct advantages to the local advertiser. The first is the platform's ability to target. Google and Facebook collect vast amounts of data on their users. This collection allows the platforms to get the right ads in front of the right eyes, and often at the right times, especially now with mobile location tracking.

The second is the platform's increasing ability to deliver measurable, customized results to advertisers. Facebook executives have talked this point up during recent earnings calls, noting how ad campaigns have translated into auto sales and visits to fast-food restaurants. Imagine for a moment the power of an ad that lets a local restaurant owner see not only how many people saw the ad, but also how many followed through with a visit to the establishment.

A long runway ahead

While this type of customized measurement is still in the relatively early stages, the potential is abundantly clear.

The growth in online advertising will slow at some point, but there's still plenty of room to run for online ad platforms that prove effective. Between newspapers, radio stations, cable TV, business directories such as phone books, direct mailers, and billboards, there's still more than $56 billion in advertising that traditional media controls.

And as technology moves forward and is able to scale for smaller advertisers, it should also be able to reach businesses with budgets too small to take out a display ad in a regional newspaper or metro, or produce a spot for radio or cable TV. Will Alphabet Surpass Apple As The Most Valuable Company In 2016? Alphabet's market capitalization has gained serious ground in 2015 catching up with Apple.

Apple still remains a cash cow, but continues to sit on their money while debt is growing even as competitors are outspending them on R&D.

With a 30% cut in latest iPhone model production and a projected growth rate of less than 4%, can Alphabet overtake Apple as the most valuable company in 2016?

After an exceptional year for Alphabet stock and a poor performance for Apple stock, Alphabet Inc-A (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has gained serious ground in catching up with Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) as the most valuable company. Apple had started off 2015 on an impressive note, exceeding a market capitalization of $770 billion, and sparking conversation about them becoming the first company to break a $1 trillion valuation. But will Alphabet beat them to the number?

Apple stock price struggled in 2015 shedding about $60 billion off its market cap but a lot of investors think it was unwarranted. The stock is now trading at a PE of 10.6. Given the low PE and poor stock performance in 2015 compared to competitors, many investors are expecting 2016 to be a big year for Apple. While I agree that Apple's low PE should give investors comfort on getting a fair price for their money, I don't think we will see it double or triple like investors keep anticipating. Apple has not seen a PE of 25 since 2008, so it is time for investors to get used to the stock sitting at a ratio around the low to mid double digits. Therefore the catalyst to move Apple's market capitalization is going to have to come from good old fashion growth - growth in sales and earnings.

Alphabet on the other hand created huge separation from Apple in their PE ratio. It began in 2014 and continued through 2015, and the stock is now trading at a PE of 31.2. If you look at the chart below you can see that Apple has historically traded at a higher PE until recently.

Source: Google vs Apple PE ratio chart by amigobulls.com

So why does the market value Alphabet more like a tech company than Apple? If we look at the trailing twelve months we can see that Alphabet has invested 44% more money into research and development than Apple has. To put that in perspective, Alphabet has invested 16% of their revenue in R&D versus Apple's 3%. And although Apple has more than 3 times the operating cash flow of Alphabet, their capital expenditures are nearly identical.

Apple's Balance Sheet Is Not That Much Stronger

One of the big attractions to Apple is the massive pile of cash they are sitting on. They have long-term investments of $164 billion. But unfortunately, Apple's cash is not growing nearly as fast as their long-term debt, which has accumulated to over $53 billion and continues to grow. Alphabet has been working their balance sheet in the opposite direction by slowly reducing their long-term debt down to below $2 billion.

Now while Alphabet does not have that $164 billion of long-term investments, but rather a miniscule $4.8 billion in long-term investments, they do have quite a bit of cash. Their cash and cash equivalents are only $2 billion less than Apple's and their short-term investments are $35 billion greater. That gives Alphabet total current cash of $73 billion compared to Apple's $42 billion. Apple faces significantly higher liabilities than Alphabet, so if we take a macro view of their balance sheet and deduct total liabilities from total assets, Apple's total book value is only $3 billion more than Alphabet's. And while Alphabet's book value has consistently grown YoY, Apple's has moved up and down over the past 3 years.

Source: Yahoo Finance

While many investors feel that Apple's cash is enough to differentiate themselves from Alphabet, I don't believe that is true. Both companies have very sound financials. The question is, who can create the better return with it?

I believe Google X has investors more intrigued on future innovation than Apple's research and development, and it should because it is better funded than Apple. However, Apple is performing better now with revenues and earnings more than 3 times that of Alphabet. But investor perception is becoming clearer, they believe that Alphabet will be the company to create the next game changing technology, hence the premium valuations for the stock as compared to Apple. Whether it's Google Glass, self-driving car technology, Project Ara, etc. people are excited to see what Alphabet can come up with as they shoot for the moon. And while technology projects fail many times, it only takes one big idea to hit a home run and be on top.

Conclusion

With the recent news that Apple has cut production of their latest iPhone models by 30%, investors were hit with a little bit of concern. However, other investors are seeing the recent drop as a green light to pick up more shares. It wouldn't surprise me to see Apple's reign as the most valuable company last another year, but with revenue projected to grow less than 4% compared to 28% in the prior year, I believe 2016 could see Alphabet become the world's most valuable company. Alphabet Forms VR Division To Counter Facebook's VR Advertising Push Alphabet is forming a new VR division headed by veteran Clay Bavor, former VP for product management.

VR is expected to transform many industries including gaming, entertainment, design, and advertising.

Alphabet is taking the necessary measures to counter Facebook's push to VR advertising with both affordable VR gadgets and ambitious technology projects.

Alphabet Inc-A (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is forming a new Virtual Reality (VR) division, according to rumors first published by Re/Code. A Google spokesperson confirmed the changes, but declined to comment further. The new VR division will be headed by Clay Bavor, former VP for product management, whose Twitter profile now reads "VP, Virtual Reality at Google."

The Wall Street Journal notes that Alphabet is trying to keep up with some of its rivals in the rapidly expanding world of virtual reality, which some analysts predict will transform many industries including gaming, entertainment, and design.

Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) is the main competitor of Alphabet in the race toward mainstream consumer VR. Since Facebook acquired VR company Oculus VR in 2014 for $2 billion, technology analysts and investors have been speculating on the plans of the social networking giant for next-generation, Oculus-powered VR.

"It s probably not the next five or even 10 years before virtual reality surpasses smartphones, but I d be very surprised if 15 years from now, we re all still carrying around little slabs in our pocket that we have to pick out and use, when instead we can just project virtual information into our environment," said Oculus creator Palmer Luckey.

Facebook's strategy is beginning to become readable: The company, which is moving aggressively to make VR mainstream, recently released a first alpha version of a virtual world for users of VR headsets powered by Oculus Rift technology. It also unveiled new media partnerships that aim to bring Facebook VR technology to consumers.

The company is also working on a video app that would support "spherical" videos, halfway between video and VR. Spherical video, which has tremendous potential for video advertising, could be an important part of Facebook's push to challenge Alphabet s YouTube in online video distribution.

Of course, Alphabet has its own VR projects, that will now be managed by Bavor's new VR division. Bavor was a creator of Google Cardboard, a $20 gadget that, when paired with most smartphones, becomes a virtual-reality headset. Cardboard is too entry-level to compete with the Oculus Rift and other high-end VR headsets, but it has a place in Alphabet's VR strategy as a cheap entry point to start seducing consumers with the wonders of VR. In fact the Oculus Rift is now available to pre-order for $599, a price much higher than previously expected and hardly affordable by average casual consumers, which underlines the need for cheaper entry-level solutions.

Forbes notes that many brands are beginning to consider VR as the future of digital advertising since it is immersive and experiential. To maintain its leadership position in the search ads business, which accounts for more than 70 percent of the total business, Alphabet must invest in this future trend. Alphabet already offers spherical video on YouTube. And, as video content gradually moves to VR content that can be viewed by millions with affordable Alphabet devices compatible with most smartphones, the company will be keeping a competitive edge in the VR advertising space.

As far as more ambitious projects are concerned, Alphabet is accelerating its efforts to develop wearable technology for VR and Augmented Reality (AR) and reviving Google Glass as Project Aura. The company is also working on Project Soli, a radar sensor on-a-chip for precise detection of hand and finger motion, which could permit creating a new user-interface paradigm based on free hand and finger motion in 3D.

But the most ambitious of Alphabet's projects in VR/AR is the company's investment in Magic Leap, a secretive Florida AR startup that is developing a new VR/AR headset and related technologies. According to science fiction writer Neal Stephenson, considered as one of the founding fathers of VR and was hired by Magic Leap as Chief Futurist, the company's VR/AR technology "is going to blow doors open for people who create things."

It appears that Alphabet is trying to cover all bases, with affordable VR gadgets to introduce consumers to the coming waves of VR content, but also ambitious technology projects oriented to the future of advertising. Therefore, investors should rest assured that the company is taking the necessary measures to keep its leadership and status as a buy-and-hold tech stock. 
2016-02-16
Race To The Top: The Duel Between Alphabet And Apple! Race To The Top: The Duel Between Alphabet And Apple! by Aswath Damodaran, Musings On Markets

Apple and Alphabet, the two companies jockeying for the prize of  largest market cap company in the world  are both incredibly successful businesses, with unparalleled cash machines (the iPhone and Google Search) at their core. That said, the last month has been eventful for both companies, just as it has for the rest of the market, as their latest earnings reports seem to suggest that these firms are on divergent paths. Having valued Apple multiple times on this blog over the last five years, and bought and sold the stock based on those valuations, the most recent earnings report is an opportune time for me to revisit Apple s value. Having never valued Alphabet on this blog, though I have valued it in my classes multiple times, its earnings report is a good time to initiate the process with a valuation.

The Apple Rollercoaster

Apple s most recent earnings report came out on January 26, 2016, and it contained mixed news. On the good news front, Apple announced the largest quarterly earnings in corporate history and higher earnings per share than expected by analysts. The bad news was that these earnings were generated on revenues that were close to flat for the year, that iPhone sales were lower than expected and that the management expected revenues to stay weak through next quarter (in its guidance). The market s reaction was negative, with Apple s stock declining by 6.57%, a drop in market capitalization of more than $30 billion, right after the announcement. In the picture below, I capture the pricing reaction to Apple, with its earnings history as background information:

In summary, it looks like the market is weighing the iPhone and guidance bad news far more than the earnings good news in making its assessment, with Apple s history of beating earnings every quarter for the last eight weighing against it.

[drizzle]To evaluate whether the earnings report merited the negative market reaction, I went back to the intrinsic value drawing board and updated my valuation of Apple, the last of which I posted in August 2015 and subsequently updated in November 2015, after its annual report (with a September 2015 year end) came out. My assessment of Apple s value in November of 2015 was $134/share, but more importantly, the narrative that I had for Apple was that of a slow-growth , cash rich company (revenue growth rate of 3% in the next five years and a cash balance of $200 billion), with operating margins under pressure (declining from the 32.03% it earned as a pre-tax operating margin in the 2015 fiscal year to 25% over the next decade) and a very low probability of a difference-making disruption . Looking at the earnings report, it is true that revenue growth came in below expectations (but not by much, given my low expectations) and operating margins dropped, again in line with expectations.

The net effect is that my narrative changed little, and using a slightly lower revenue growth rate (2.2% instead of 3%) leads me to an updated assessment of value per share of $126 in February 2016 and almost all of the difference is coming from a repricing of risk (higher equity risk premiums and default spreads in the market). In keeping with my view that estimated value is a distribution, not a single number, I ran a simulation on Apple s value in February 2016:

At the price of $94 at close of trading on February 12, 2016, Apple looks under valued by about 25% and at least based on my distribution, there is a more than 90% chance that it is under valued.

Alphabet Soup

Alphabet surprised markets on February 1, 2016, with on earnings report where the company reported higher revenue growth than anticipated, coupled with higher profit margins. Since it was also the first report that the company was releasing as holding company, where it was breaking itself down by business, there was also excitement about what you would learn about the company from this report. As with Apple, I start by looking at the pricing effect of the earnings report, comparing, actual numbers to expectations and tallying the stock price reaction to the report:

Markets were impressed by both the revenue and earnings numbers and the stock price increased by 8% in the immediate aftermath, briefly leading Alphabet to the front of the market cap race.

As a counter to the market s excitement, I decided to compare the narrative (and value) that I had for Alphabet in November 2015 (after their last earnings report) to the narrative (and value) after this one (in February 2016). In November 2015, my narrative for Google was that it would continue to be a dominant and profitable player in a growing online advertising market, growing 12% a year in the near term, maintaining its operating margins (left at 30% in pre-tax terms, in perpetuity).

It is true that in their most recent earnings report, Alphabet reported double-digit growth in revenues (impressive given their size and the state of the global economy) and higher operating margins than they did in the previous quarter. I left my original narrative largely intact, with revenue growth remaining at 12% and pushed up the target pre-tax operating margin to 32%, and arrived at a value per share of $631/share. Presenting Google s value as a distribution, here is what I get:

At $682.40, the price at which the class C shares were trading at on February 12, 2016, the stock is trading at about 8% above the median price, with a 35% chance of being under valued. Since these shares have no voting rights, attaching a value to voting rights, will make the shares a little more over priced.

I know that one reason for Google s restructuring/renaming exercise last year was an ostensible desire to improve transparency, but I think that there may be less here than promised, at least at the moment. There were a few things that became transparent in Google s last earnings release, as captured in this picture of a key part of the earnings release from the company: Google Parent Should Buy AIG: An 'Audacious' Idea From Citigroup AIG `has a problem,' and Google could be solution, they say

It s an  audacious  idea, and Citigroup Inc. acknowledges as much.

Google s parent, Alphabet Inc., should buy American International Group Inc. to expand into financial services, and turn the insurer into a laboratory for innovation, the New York-based bank s analysts said in a note Monday.

 We realize it is a very low-probability event, while maintaining that it is still a very good idea,  analysts led by Todd Bault wrote.  There is a perfect convergence of reasons why it might be exactly what AIG and the insurance industry needs. And the tech community could help solve what could well be one of the most challenging problems it could tackle. 

Google changed its name and structure last year to help highlight ventures beyond its search engine. Alphabet has been investing in artificial intelligence, self-driving cars and health technology, while dipping its toes into insurance with a price-comparison site for auto coverage. Insurance startups globally lured about $2.65 billion in venture and equity funding last year, a more-than-threefold increase from 2014, according to research firm CB Insights.

AIG Chief Executive Officer Peter Hancock likened his company in January to Alphabet when he announced the creation of nine  modules  to improve accountability for managers and add visibility for investors. He said the effort may help AIG eventually sell or spin off some of the units. Hancock applauded the technology giant for separating operations and targeting areas of investment.

 Greater Obligation 

 It s just interesting that a young company like Google would go that way,  Hancock said in a Jan. 26 interview.  I think a mature company has an even greater obligation for transparency to make sure that investors know that their capital is being invested wisely. 

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Hancock s company has been investing in technology, data and startup companies to improve operations. The insurer has struggled for more than a decade with higher-than-expected claims costs and an exodus of senior executives. AIG has shrunk by more than half since its peak as the insurer sold assets to repay a U.S. bailout, and is now being pressured by activist investors Carl Icahn and John Paulson to further narrow its focus.

Shareholders of the Mountain View, California-based tech company would be frustrated by the volatility that comes with billions of dollars in insurance liabilities, the analysts wrote. The solution, they said, could be to team with an investment bank in an arrangement that would allow Google to control strategic development and also data, which is used to set insurance prices.

 Needs a Shakeup 

 Many investors think AIG needs a major shakeup. We think insurance as a whole needs a shakeup. Neither AIG nor insurers generally seem to want to take the big steps needed, except incrementally,  the analysts wrote.  The time is right to attempt something big, and the candidates are here. 

They didn t identify which bank would make the ideal partner in such a venture, but said  there are many fine choices available. 

Jon Diat, a spokesman for New York-based AIG, declined to comment. Google didn t immediately respond to a message at its media office. 
2016-09-01
Alphabet Inc: Why You Should Wait on GOOGL Stock Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) is chugging along rather nicely, and it is shaping up as a necessary core holding in a long-term diversified portfolio. However, I m not completely convinced yet, because its revenue streams aren t yet diversified enough. Today, GOOGL is fairly valued and worth looking into as a buy   here, I ll explain why and why I also think you should wait for lower prices.

We know all about the advertising business that makes up the backbone of Google.

In its entirety, GOOGL generated $21.5 billion in revenue in Q2, which was a mammoth increase of 21% (after currency effects). Operating income was $5.97 billion, up 28%, with net income coming in at $4.877 billion.

Why is this important? Because, while Alphabet Inc is pretty much a massive digital billboard company, it s one that is making its users very happy. To me, it is flat-out amazing that revenues are up 21%. It says that GOOGL has unquestionably become one of the dominant advertising brands in the world.

Things to Consider Before Buying GOOGL

It is also significant because the business runs so efficiently that it generated $7 billion in free cash flow in that quarter alone. That allows GOOGL to fund its unfortunately named  Other Bets  division. I don t like the word  bets  because it generates images of a casino, rather than the more thoughtful approach of  venture capital .

Google Fiber, Calico, Nest, Verily, Google Ventures, Google Capital and Google X did deliver $185 million in revenue, so these efforts are generating small returns. And they did lead to an operating loss of $859 million; however, that amount of free cash flow means Alphabet Inc can afford to play this game. One hit could mean tremendous amount of profit.

Meanwhile, GOOGL stock banks most of the rest of that cash, and its cash balance is now $78.5 billion. So even if these Other Bets fail, Alphabet Inc could always go out and acquire as many companies as it wanted to diversify its profit stream.

With about 700 million shares outstanding, GOOGL stock thus carries about $110 per share in cash.

So, what is Alphabet Inc. worth and why do I think you can get it cheaper?

With GOOGL stock trading at about $684, accounting for the $110 in cash per share, the market cap thus becomes $470 billion. On trailing-12-months net income of $18 billion, Alphabet Inc stock is thus trading for 25x earnings. With net income rising at a rate of 28%, that is not only a value stock, but a growth at a reasonable price stock. To me, a stock is a growth stock if it grows earnings-per-share at 15% or greater. If its price/earnings-to-growth ratio comes in under 1.0, then it s a GARP stock.

You could buy GOOGL stock here and hold it for the very long-term, and I bet you ll be very happy.

However, I also believe you will be able to get Alphabet Inc stock cheaper. Right now, the overall market is insanely overpriced. The S&P 500 is trading at about 25x earnings, while the long-term mean has been about 16. I think we are headed for a market correction, and I think that means you could get GOOGL for between $650 and $720 per share (before backing out cash).

As of this writing, Lawrence Meyers did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Amazon Beware: The Alphabet Is Coming  Alphabet to Move Struggling Nest Lab Platform to Google  
2016-12-27
Google's Waze Drives In Tunnels: Where Will Be Next? Waze, the free mobile navigation application owned by Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), recently announced that they are launching a new initiative, Waze Beacons, deploying Bluetooth beacons inside major tunnels to enable their navigation application to monitor the locations of cars moving inside tunnels.

Bluetooth beacons are one of the technologies used for indoor location positioning, the growing field that includes mobile applications and electronic devices that can measure location in a manner similar to GPS, but indoors, where GPS signals are not available. Indoor location solutions are currently being rolled out in retail stores to help customers find products, in malls to help customers find stores and help friends find each other, in airports to help travelers find their gates, and much more.

The Waze Beacons are the first time that indoor location technology is being used commercially to help automobile navigation in GPS-deprived places. The beacons transmit unique identifying data that the Waze app, running on phones in cars, receives and uses to estimate location. The beacons do not receive any data; all the calculation happens on the phones. The beacon signals can also, in principle, be received and utilized by other apps.

With GPS signals unavailable in tunnels, navigation applications and devices in cars cannot update their location as they move through the tunnels. In tunnels that include exits and turns, such as Boston's Central Artery and Chicago's Lower Loop, the GPS systems will be unable to navigate drivers through the turns. Even in tunnels that just go from point A to point B, such as New York's Lincoln and Holland tunnels, the lack of updated location positioning means that apps cannot warn you about turns you need to make immediately after leaving the tunnel. This is the problem that Waze engineer Gil Disatnik set out to solve. The result was Waze Beacons.

Regular Wi-Fi access points and Bluetooth beacons were not up to the task of moving cars. One challenge related to the speed of moving cars. Bluetooth beacon signals are generally received with a delay of 1-2 seconds, if not more. This may not be a problem while walking around a mall or an airport, but in 2 seconds a car moving at 55 mph (90 kmh) will travel 50 meters, which is 10 meters more than the 40 meter range that most Bluetooth devices deliver. This means that before a smartphone in a car is able to read a Bluetooth signal, it will move out of range and have to start processing the next beacon's signal.

Another set of challenges revolved around mounting beacons on tunnel walls. First, the beacons had to be strong enough not to be damaged by tunnel cleaners or flying objects. Second, concrete tunnel walls reflect Bluetooth signals and de-tune the antenna, sending the signal back to the transmitter and interfering with the signals.

These problems were solved by Waze in partnership with their partner in the project, beacon maker Bluvision (recently acquired by HID Global), which created a customized patch antenna with a large ground plane, which can transmit towards the cars without interference from the tunnel walls.

The Waze team also worked hard on having the beacons be easy to install. Requiring a tunnel to be closed for installation and maintenance would not be effective for rollout. The solution to this problem involved reducing the physical installation time to one minute per beacon. They also reduced configuration time by crowdsourcing configuration through Waze apps driving by.

The resulting system enables Waze to monitor car locations in tunnels to an accuracy of 13 meters, roughly the distance a car travels in half a second at 55 mph. They did this by simplifying the location positioning problem to a one dimensional one. This is certainly accurate enough for Waze to give navigation instructions effectively. The beacons should operate for up to 6 years without maintenance.

Waze is not saying much about their rollout of Waze beacons in tunnels worldwide, but discussions with city governments and other government authorities are underway. Waze is working with governments and other tunnel owners to market the new capabilities. Grizzly Analytics reports almost 200 companies working on technology for location positioning in GPS-less environments, and the Waze beacons are the first to address the practical issues presented by cars driving in tunnels in a practical solution.

What other in-tunnel uses can Waze Beacons have? One likely possibility is self-driving cars, based on Google's or other's R&D, which integrate several technologies for location positioning both on ground and underground. If deployed widely, Waze Beacons could give self-driving cars a strong corroborating source of location data.

What will be next? Now that Waze has beacons that can be effectively installed in tunnels and other underground places, where else can they be installed usefully? Unfortunately, the Waze team isn't talking. But it is easy to see how useful beacons could be in underground parking, underpasses, GPS-challenged areas of big cities, and other areas where GPS signals are not available. In underground parking garages, Waze Beacons could enable car-finding applications, as well as enabling Waze to start routing before reaching the garage exit.

Bluetooth also has an advantage of being much lower power consumption on the phone than GPS. Over time, if beacons are installed in above-ground public areas, the same technology that works inside tunnels can enable Waze (or Google Maps or other apps) to offer location services with less power usage than GPS currently requires.

More esoterically, I believe that Waze beacons are another step in the direction of Google establishing ownership over the complete information chain. Waze is an independent subsidiary of Google, but the ownership is Google's. GPS signals are public, and Waze Beacon signals can be read by anyone, but Waze beacons will give Google ownership of information that will be theirs even as they choose to share.

Google has been very adept at leveraging their control of information all along the chain. It would presumably not be hard for Android to use Waze Beacons to provide location positioning to all Android apps while cars are underground.

Does this effect Google's competition with Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL)? Apple has purchased several indoor location companies in recent years, two of which gave them technology for self-learning GPS-less location positioning, one based on Bluetooth and one on visual data. But Apple is not competing in the area of navigation applications.

For the public, Waze beacons are going to be great, extending the reach of mapping and navigation applications. Time will tell what other applications Google has for this technology, and what the technology will enable next. Whatever that is, Google will own it. Study Finds Viewership On The Decline For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube ... A new study has revealed that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube stars who boast over ten million subscribers have seen a sharp decrease in viewership. The study was conducted by SocialBlade, a tracker of social statistics, with Kotaku commissioning it.

Among the highlights of the study was the fact that at the beginning of the year in January, the top 50 channels had average daily views of 4.1 million. This, however, dropped to a little over 3.7 million views ten months later. The decline in viewership mostly happened in the second half of 2016. Channels belonging to major media organizations such as TV networks and record labels were excluded and the study only concentrated on channels led by personalities such as PewDiePie and Jacksepticeye.

Cause unknown

The results of the study have ignited debate on whether the decline in viewership is a result of decreasing interest in videos of YouTube personalities or whether YouTube has changed how it counts views. One theory being pushed around is that YouTube is purging views that it considers as having been generated by bots as opposed to real human beings. The problem with this theory is that it fails to explain a decline that has been going on for months.

There has also been speculation that the declining viewership numbers are a consequence of a tweak in the search ad promotion algorithms that YouTube employs which are assigning less weight to the number of subscribers when doing an evaluation of individual videos. Though YouTube has denied it, there has also been speculation that YouTube is engaged in an effort of unsubscribing users.

Figures questioned

The figures from SocialBlade have been criticized by no less than YouTube itself. The social statistics tracker has however stood by its study.

 Ouch ;( We don t make up data. We get it from the YouTube API. We rely on it for accuracy. If it has issues maybe ping them?  SocialBlade tweeted back in response to critics who were casting doubt on the study.

In the last trading session that took place on December 23, 2016, shares of Alphabet fell by 0.23% to close the day at $807.80.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Netflix, Alphabet Give FANG A Boost As Apple Nears Buy Point Loading the player...

Two FANG stocks, Netflix (NFLX) and Alphabet (GOOGL), neared buy points Tuesday along with Apple (AAPL), while Amazon (AMZN) approached a key support level and Facebook (FB) continued its struggle.

Apple plus the FANG stocks   Facebook, Amazon, Netflix and Google-owner Alphabet   are among the most closely watched tech stocks.

Apple closed at 117.25, up 0.6%, in the stock market today. Apple has risen for 13 of the last 15 trading sessions and is approaching a 118.79 buy point. A technical buy point comes amid reports that Apple is taking steps to increase its presence in India.

Making products locally would allow Apple to open its own stores in India, a country where it has less than a 5% share of the booming smartphone market. Apple currently sells its devices through Indian-owned distributors and retailers.

IBD'S TAKE: Apple has been a relative laggard as the election of Donald Trump has propelled the Dow Jones Industrial Average ever closer to 20,000 offering. These five stocks are leading the way.

Alphabet rose 0.3% Tuesday to 809.93. The internet giant has formed a flat base with a buy point of 839.10. Alphabet tested its 200-day line a few times in recent weeks, but this month has rebounded off that level and then, on Dec. 9, retook its 50-day moving average on Dec. 9.

Netflix rose 2.2% to close at 128.35, part of a large handle in a cup-base formation going back a year, with a buy point of 129.39.

Netflix had its price target raised last week by Stifel Nicolaus on the strength of its original-content catalog.

Amazon briefly touched its 50-day moving average then pulled back to close at 771.40, up 1.4%.

The holidays were happy ones for Amazon, which says that its very own hardware products, led by the Echo Dot, were its best-selling products.

Facebook rose 0.6% to 118.01, but the stock has been underperforming since late October.

The stock once again failed to recapture its 200-day line, is ending a second month below its 50-day line and has seen its Relative Strength fall sharply.

Loading the player...

RELATED:

Amazon Set To Disrupt Retailers In Apparel, Groceries, Services

Apple, Microsoft, Alphabet Are Kings Of Cash As Tech Sector Rules

 Google CEO Sundar Pichai To Kickstart The New Year In India Published By: Ken Bock on December 27, 2016 08:58 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) chief executive officer (CEO) Sundar Pichai will be kicking off the new year in India with the announcement made towards small business development. The event, held in New Delhi, will also be attended by the country's IT minister, Ravi Shankar Prasad.

According to the media invite from the company, Mr. Pichai will be addressing the media event in New Delhi in January. At the event, he ll be making announcements to cater to small business development in the country. According to reliable local reports, last week, the CEO landed in the country with his family.

At the event, aiming at Indian business development, the Mountain View-based company will be unveiling new enterprise-focused and cloud-based features. As the invite reads, "At Google, we are excited about partnering with businesses to help them unlock exponential growth through the power of digital." Since Mr. Pichai became the CEO of Google last year, this is his second visit to India.

Last year in December, Mr. Pichai visited the country to share development ideas for the company s free Wi-Fi project at railway stations. There, at the event, he also shed light on the company s further plans, and his journey to Google.

The company also cited to have helped 20 million small and medium businesses in India, last week. The efforts were made to help such enterprises to get online by 2017. There, the company also announced Google My Business, an app that was aimed to help small and medium businesses manage their business information. Users can manage the information across all products from Google for free.

Keeping in mind that India is the world s second largest population, the efforts made by Google make a lot of sense. Catering to the most specific needs of the Indian market, the company aims to bring the population of the country online. The company also seeks opportunities across its platform to get enterprises on the web. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has launched a new app to find nearby clean toilets  
2016-05-19
Alphabet Inc's Virtual Assistant Is Coming to 2 New Products (GOOG) Alphabet Inc ( GOOG , GOOGL ) is holding the annual Google I/O conference for developers this week, and already techies have gotten some really cool news: The search company is rolling out its own AI-powered virtual assistant, creatively named  Google assistant. 

More importantly, the Google assistant will soon accompany two new products from GOOG, and the description of what these products do is pretty neat.

It also probably isn t making the top brass at Amazon.com, Inc. ( AMZN ) or Facebook Inc ( FB ) too happy. GOOG shareholders might be smiling, though.

Google Home

The first product that ll come replete with this Google assistant is called Google Home.

Frankly, it sounds pretty similar to the Amazon Echo, which comes with Amazon s AI-powered virtual assistant, Alexa. The voice-activated Google Home 

  lets you enjoy entertainment, manage everyday tasks, and get answers from Google   all using conversational speech. With a simple voice command, you can ask Google Home to play a song, set a timer for the oven, check your flight, or turn on your lights. 

This is definitely the GOOG answer to Amazon s popular Echo; the Echo can also help you manage tasks, search the web, play songs, set timers and check flights. That turning on the lights thing, though   that s new.

Of course, Alphabet also owns Nest, the smart home company, so I expect there ll be some nice synergies between Nest products and Google Home.

Google Home will hit shelves later this year.

Allo, GOOG s Answer to Facebook Messenger

The Google assistant will also come standard on GOOG s new messaging app, Allo. Based on your phone number, Allo will allow you to communicate with any user, regardless of if they use Android or iOS.

Not only can you have normal conversations with friends   with stickers and emojis of course   you can also call on the Google assistant to help you with day-to-day tasks, schedules and decisions like what movies to see (nearby), or where to go to dinner. Suggestions are personalized, and should become better as you use it more.

The  Smart Reply  feature on Allo will even suggest responses to messages you receive, taking context into consideration. And if you re worried about getting spied on, GOOG allows you to enable Incognito mode, which enables end-to-end encryption as well as expiring messages.

Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg probably isn t pleased with this, since Facebook Messenger is a big part of his long-term vision, and he s also putting a lot of stock in Facebook M, a personal AI assistant.

GOOG noted that Allo will be available this summer, along with a video-calling app called Duo.

And with I/O set to go on until Friday, we can expect more exciting announcements today and tomorrow.

As of this writing, Robert Martin had no position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc. (GOOG)'s Google Launches Intelligent Speaker & VR Platform Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google on Wednesday launched an intelligent voice-enabled speaker dubbed  Google Home . The launch occurred during its 2016 I/O developer meet, an event that also saw other products unveiled.

Google Home, which was secretly built under the name  Chirp , will compete with Amazon.com, Inc. s (NASDAQ:AMZN) Echo. Interested customers will have to wait until later this year to get their hands on one, says Google CEO Sundar Pichai. It is stillnot clear how much the product will cost.

Device Similar to Amazon Echo in Some Ways

The new gadget is similar to Echo in some aspects, such as how it answers your queries and conducting two-way discussions. For example, you can ask which movies are playing at the local theaters, and Google will run a search and give responses.

The voice-activated device is also capable of performing other routine tasks such as request an Uber, order coffee or pizza, play music, besides checking flights or weather.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Partners that have thrown their weight behind Google Home include Uber, Instacart, WhatsApp, Ticketmaster, OpenTable, Pandora, Tuneln, Grubhub, Spotify, Saavn and many more.

The main difference between Google Home and Amazon Echo is that the latter is yet to include third-party developers in its development. Moreover, it is possible to install and use several Google Homes in different rooms in your house.

What is more: Home is integrated with Cast Support, which enables you to instruct any speaker to play music on other connected speakers. This is similar to how Google Cast Audio functions. Besides Google Play Music, other Cast-enabled services like Spotify are also compatible.

Though you can install the device in various rooms, Google Home won t be able to work with multiple Google accounts at first. The company has said it is working to solve this hitch.

Google Launches Daydream VR Platform

Google also unveiled Daydream, which is a VR platform is set to be included in Android N, the company s yet-to-be launched newest version of its mobile operating system.

Daydream aspires to ride on the success of Cardboard, which supports at least 50 million virtual reality apps and is due to be released to the market later this year. Google hopes that Daydream will be available in devices of various shapes and sizes. Daydream will first be available in high-end Android smartphones that run on the yet-to-be released Android N software.

Smartphone vendors who plan to make phones that have support for Daydream include LG, HTC, Xiaomi and Samsung. Companies such as Electronic Arts Inc (NASDAQ:EA) and Netflix are developing their own services that are compatible with Daydream.

The Android-maker plans to create a specialized virtual reality segment in Play Store that caters for Daydream apps only. It is also creating special VR-compatible YouTube, Play Movies, Google Photos and Street View. Overall, it plans to create a Daydream ecosystem.

The Mountain View, Calif-based tech giant will unveil a virtual reality headset and controller that resembles that of Samsung Gear VR to enable its customers sample the VR experience. It has also issued a reference design that OEMs can rely on to develop their individual Daydream hardware.

The global VR industry is expected to register its first billion-dollar sales in 2016. Hardware sales are expected to hit $700 million, while content will account for the rest. Deloitte expects 2.5 million VR headsets to be sold and sales of games to hit 10 million copies. Though the company expects much of the sales this year to focus on video games, VR will eventually be used for other applications.

The VR market has a wider room for growth, considering that none of the current high-end smartphones can support it. The growth is therefore expected to materialize slowly as more players come into the fore. RBC Capital's Mahaney Comments On Two Internet Stocks: Netflix, Inc. (NFLX ... Mark Mahaney, a prominent Internet analyst with RBC Capital, is one of the top 10 analysts rated (out of 3,929 analysts) on TipRanks. Today, Mahaney commented on two names in his coverage universe, video streaming leader Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) and internet search giant Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Below are the comments along with his current ratings and price targets.

Netflix, Inc.

In a research note issued Tuesday, Mahaney highlighted takeaways from its hosted visit with Netflix s VP of Financial Planning & Analysis Mark Yurechko, and VP of Finance & Investor Relations Spencer Wang, as part of the RBC 2016 Silicon Valley Investor Bus Tour.

Mahaney wrote,  Forecastability of the U.S. Market Remains Consistent   Although Original Content releases have created  wildcards  in the ability of Netflix to forecast its Subscriber Additions, the company generally feels confident in its ability to forecast Sub Adds, being able to draw on years of data and insights into secular and seasonal trends. Original Content releases like  Orange Is The New Black Season 4,  which is scheduled for June 17th, can boost Net Adds, with their predictability greater if they are part of successful series. 

Furthermore,  While there has been increased media discussions of Netflix distribution deals with Charter and Comcast, the company had nothing to disclose. Netflix does believe that these types of deals can be material, depending on the MSO, and has had good experiences with them in Europe. 

 All in, we continue to recommend NFLX and believe our Long thesis is very much intact. This is our #1 Long idea in the Large Cap  Net sector,  Mahaney concluded.

Mahaney rates Netflix shares an Outperform with a price target of $140, which implies an upside of 56% from current levels.

Out of the 28 analysts polled by TipRanks (in the past 3 months), 18 rate Netflix stock a Buy, 8 rate the stock a Hold and 2 recommend a Sell. With a return potential of 35.5%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $121.58.

Alphabet Inc

In addition, Mahaney reiterated an Outperform rating on shares of Google s parent Alphabet, with a price target of $1000, after attending day one of Google s 2016 I/O conference, which focuses on the Android and Chrome platforms, as opposed to core Search and YouTube.

Mahaney noted,  As he has done at prior conferences, Sundar Pichai MC ed the Keynote Address at this year s Google I/O. Notable announcements included: (1) Google Home Device. (2) Google Assistant with Voice Control. (3) Allo & Duo Communication Tools. 4) Android N. (5) Instant Apps. (6) Virtual Reality with Daydream. (7) Android Wear and (8) Firebase Refresh. 

 We heard the following datapoints during the conference: (1) Chrome on Mobile now has more than 1B MAUs   how s that for Mobile-first thinking? (2) More than 50% of queries are now performed on Mobile, and in the U.S. about 20% of Mobile queries are performed via voice. (3) Cumulatively, 25MM Chrome Casts have been sold   up from 17MM last year. (4) Google Translation now works in over 100 languages, with more than 140B words translated daily; further capabilities include being able to use your device s camera to translate text in the world. (5) In the past year, there were more than 65B installs from the Google Play store.  the analyst continued.

Mahaney concluded,  We continue to believe Google is investing smartly for the long-term and building competitive fly-moats. 

Out of the 35 analysts polled by TipRanks, 34 are bullish on Alphabet stock, while only 1 is neutral. With a return potential of 27%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $914.59. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Will Google Get Rid of Hangouts? Published By: Angela Campbell on May 19, 2016 11:25 am EST

Alphabet Inc.'s (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google recently revealed two new chat apps for Android and iOS devices. There are many who speculate that the company will eventually get rid of Hangouts, and replace it with Duo and Allo instead. However, the tech giant claims that the two new chat apps will in no way serve as replacements for Hangouts.

The company assured its target audience that will continue working on Hangouts, and it will always remain available as a separate standalone app. If you are one of those people who are not exactly certain about why two new chat apps are being introduced, you are not alone. Basically, the two apps will cater to different audiences. To be more precise, Allo will specifically cater to those who are looking for an alternative to WhatsApp.While on the other hand, Duo will serve as a video calling companion to Allo.

The two new apps have been described to feature AI technology, and are fully capable of sending automatic replies and can make reservations for users as well. Additionally, the app also offers end-to-end encryption.

Duo and Allo have not been released yet, and there is no news about when they will be made available. They are speculated to be released during summers for both, Android and iOS devices. Nothing can be said for certain about whether or not the revealed apps will be just as splendid as they have been described to be, but they do have a lot of potential. YouTube announces new VR app at Google I/O - blog  
2016-04-22
Alphabet, Inc. Spells Out a Deceivingly Strong Quarter Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) marked its second-ever segment-based report Thursday after the marked closed. With shares of the Internet search behemoth down around 6% in after-hours trading as of this writing, it's evident the market isn't pleased.

Consolidated revenue climbed 17.4% year over year, to roughly $20.26 billion, and would have risen 23%, to $20.85 billion, had it not been for the negative effects of foreign currency exchange. Based on generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), that translated to a 20% increase in operating income, to $5.34 billion, and 19.7% growth in GAAP net income, to $4.21 billion. On a per-share basis, GAAP net income climbed 18% year over year, to $6.02.

On an adjusted (non-GAAP) basis -- which excludes items like stock-based compensation -- operating income rose 21% year over year, to $6.84 billion, while adjusted net income rose 17.6%, to $5.25 billion. Adjusted net income per share rose 15.9% year over year, to $7.50. Alphabet's per-share earnings were also bolstered by its decision to repurchase 3.2 million class C shares during the quarter for $2.3 billion, leaving $1.4 billion remaining under its current repurchase authorization.

So why are shares down right now? In short -- and with the caveat that we don't lend much credence to Wall Street's near-term demands -- analysts' consensus estimates called for higher adjusted earnings of $7.96 per share on revenue of $20.38 billion.

Nonetheless, Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat called it a "tremendous start to the year," before adding, "We're thoughtfully pursuing big bets and building exciting new technologies, in Google and our Other Bets, that position us well for long-term growth."

Speaking of which...

One of the primary reasons Alphabet reorganized last year to become the holding company of Google, then shifted to segment-based reporting starting last quarter, was to give investors a clearer picture of how it spends its money. To put it another way, according to Porat, "to bring increased focus, accountability, and transparency" to its efforts.

Similar to last quarter, Alphabet broke down its segments into its core Google business, and all "other bets:"

3 Months Ended March 31, 2015 3 Months Ended March 31, 2016 Growth (YOY) Google segment revenues $17.178 billion $20.091 billion 17% Google operating income $5.188 billion $6.272 billion 20.9% Other Bets revenues $80 million $166 million 107.5% Other Bets operating income (loss) ($633 million) ($802 million) N/A

On "other bets"

Unsurprisingly, Alphabet's "other bets" segment remains unprofitable, especially as quarterly capital expenditures dedicated to the segment nearly doubled during the same period, to $280 million. But that still pales in comparison to the $2.036 billion in CapEx dedicated to Google last quarter, which itself represents a 24% decline from $2.678 billion in the same year-ago period.

While it's useful to see Alphabet's segments broken down for the past quarter, three months ago, Porat insisted that the most "instructive" way to view combined other bets results is on a 12-month basis. After all, other bets is comprised entirely of early-stage businesses like Fiber (high speed Internet), Verily (longevity), Calico (life sciences), Nest (connected home), self-driving cars, and X (moonshots).

Each of these businesses operates in distinct sectors, with different business models, and using different milestones to gauge their respective successes. Nearly all of them are also "pre-revenue," with the majority of current other bets sales coming from Fiber, Nest, and Verily.

On Google

Meanwhile, Google has never been stronger, turning in healthy operating margin of 31.2% in Q1, up from 30.2% in the same year-ago period. And this remains in keeping with Porat's promise that the company will pursue growth with "great care regarding resource allocation."

The Google segment includes results from Search, Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, Google Play, and Gmail, as well as Ads, Commerce, Apps, Cloud, and hardware products. But the primary source of revenue for the majority of these sub-segments is advertising.

Advertising revenue increased 16.2% year over year, to $18.02 billion, good for more than 88.9% of Alphabet's total revenue. Within that, revenue from Google's own websites climbed 20.1%, to $14.33 billion, and revenue from Google Network Members' sites rose 3.2%, to $3.69 billion. According to Porat during this quarter's call, this growth reflects "substantial strength in mobile search, due to the ongoing benefit from the improvement in ad formats and delivery that we watched in the third quarter last year."

Next, Aggregate paid clicks rose 29% year over year, including 38% growth in paid clicks on Google websites, and 2% growth in paid clicks on Google Network Members' sites. Aggregate cost-per-click -- which essentially measures how much Google makes per ad -- declined 9% year over year, including a 12% decline on Google sites, and an 8% drop from Google Network Members' sites. As I pointed out in my earnings preview earlier this week, however, this shouldn't be alarming, as it's partly due to ongoing significant growth in YouTube viewership, where the platform's TrueView ads tend to monetize at lower rates than traditional web-based ad impressions.

Finally, revenue from non-advertising sources within the Google segment climbed 24% year over year, to $2.1 billion, driven by Play, continued strength from Cloud and Apps, and a "nice contribution" from Google's hardware products.

While Alphabet technically fell short of Wall Street's expectations this quarter, it's worth noting that the company isn't in the habit of providing specific quarterly financial guidance, anyway. As long as Alphabet's core business remains healthy -- and by all intents and purposes, it is -- as it continues to strategically invest in other smaller, high-potential growth opportunities, investors should be more than happy with where it stands today. Stocks Sell-Off And Alphabet, Inc. (Google) Disappoints. Are Amazon, Apple and ... GOOGL (Alphabet, Inc. Class A) showed significant weakness after Thursday s close when they reported Earnings and Revenues short of Analysts  Expectations. While it remains to see where the shares will reopen tomorrow, they were trading at least 4.5% lower in after-hours trading at 4:30 PM ET on Thursday. While this may put a damper on the latest stock market rally, in a week s time, when Amazon (AMZN), (FB) and (AAPL) will all have reported earnings, the stock market will have a full opportunity to review the technology sector.

Earnings season presents a significant amount of opportunity for those who appreciate the opportunity to speculate on the outcome of a stock s price after the announcement. In many cases, such as with bio-tech companies, stocks can move in a drastic manner. In the case of technology and a significant number of S&P 500 companies, the movement is typically not quite as monumental. Options Trading Strategies exist for those of you who are comfortable with absorbing the risks involved in the particular strategy. There are numerous strategies available, but choosing the correct one to meet your risk reward requirements is not always easy. One should always take into account the liquidity of the options that you are trading in addition to the Implied and Historical Volatility, the Implied Volatility Skew and the historical movement of the stock post-earnings.

An Options Trading Strategy that can be interesting for traders who are interested in Buying Stock at lower levels is the 1X2 Put Spread. It involves Buying one Put closer to the current trading price, although still out-of-the money, while Selling two Puts farther out-of-the money. If the Implied Volatility is particularly high and there is a large Implied Volatility Skew, then the Strategy provides the opportunity to establish the trade in a manner that will in most cases make money, or in a strong adverse move you would be required to Buy the Stock. Unlike Selling a Put Outright, the Strategy creates an extra buffer zone where you will make money even if the stock falls after the earnings are announced. The Table below, using AMZN prices just before the close on Thursday, shows Options Prices in the Amazon May and June Expiration Series. Since AMZN will likely open lower tomorrow, we will not use the Implied Volatility column. You ll be able to see the new prices and Implied Volatilities when the market opens tomorrow. For example, if you were comfortable Buying Amazon Stock at $500/share, then you could establish the 540/520 1x2 Put Spread. The Table below provides the details of the trade on Thursday, if AMZN is trading lower tomorrow, the credit will likely be larger. If you have trouble understanding the Strategy, take a look at the Options Guide for reference.

If you are comfortable owning Amazon at about 20% lower than its current price, the strategy may be interesting. The problem is, while owning Amazon 20% lower than its current price seems like a wonderful proposition, if it opens 30% lower after an earnings announcement then a naked seller of options will not be too happy. Analyzing strategies makes Options Trading creative and interesting. The Strategy shown below is for illustration purposes only and should not be construed as a trading recommendation. Earning season is upon us, finding the appropriate strategy to meet your individual risk/reward parameters is essential. By using the tools that are available, including liquidity analysis (the liquidity shown below would not be considered too liquid when compared SPY Options), Implied and Historical Volatility and the Skew, your analysis goes a long way towards finding a winning Options Strategy for Earnings season.

OPTIONS TRADING INVOLVES SIGNIFICANT RISK AND IS NOT SUITABLE FOR EVERY INVESTOR. THE INFORMATION IS OBTAINED FROM SOURCES BELIEVED TO BE RELIABLE, BUT IS IN NO WAY GUARANTEED. PAST RESULTS ARE NOT INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS.

Contact me at info@optionsstrategynetwork.com to discuss how analyzing data can improve your returns. In addition, take a look at our website at optionsstrategynetwork.com for options trading info. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Latest Controversy Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is not new to fights over the way it uses its dominant market position. Over the years, the tech giant has been at loggerheads with authorities over taxes, privacy, and even competition. However, its latest standoff involving Android OS is unique in its own right as it evokes memories of offenses that handed Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) hefty fines in the early 2000 s.

EU Stance

The company s head of European operations Matt Brittan says the EU officials have it all wrong over the new antitrust allegations involving Android. How true his claims are, is a point of discussion given the way Alphabet requires handset makers to load their devices with its apps.

Click Here For More Market Exclusive Updates & Analysis

EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager has already raised concern that Google is taking advantage of consumers by having its apps preinstalled in Android devices. The sentiments echo similar allegations leveled against Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) in the early 2000 s.

The tech giant has always argued that people can remove the apps or even opt to use other apps. The company has gone so far as reiterating that Android is open source. The EU is however not buying into the arguments reiterating that having the apps pre-installed in devices at first, gives it an unfair advantage.

Will History Repeat Itself?

Microsoft was found guilty of abusing its dominant position in 2004 by freezing rival software such as media players and server software on its Windows ecosystem. Hefty fines followed suit and the company was ordered to produce a version of the operating system without any pre-installed apps.

Alphabet strategy on Android is in one way similar to that of Microsoft in the early 2000 s. However, it continues to insist that its applications are not embedded into the operating system for obscure technological reasons.

Unlike Alphabet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) whose iOS operating system controls 18% market share has never claimed that its OS is open source. The stance could come to bite the search giant, which will have to prove there is nothing wrong with having all Android devices come preinstalled with its own apps.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Price Target Changed: Alphabet (GOOGL), Advanced Micro Devices (AMD ... Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) was reiterated an  Outperform  by FBN Securities analysts on Friday. The broker however, lowered its price target on the stock to $875 from $925. The name was also lowered to $825 from $910 at Needham, and to $888 from $930 at Stifel.

Shares have traded today between $730.38 and $753.92 with the price of the stock fluctuating between $532.24 to $810.35 over the last 52 weeks.

Alphabet Inc. Cl A shares are currently changing hands at 31.12x this year s forecasted earnings, compared to the industry s 16.23x earnings multiple. Ticker has a t-12 price/sales ratio of 7.16. EPS for the same period registers at $23.59.

Shares of Google-parent Alphabet have lost $45.75 to $734.25 in midday trading on Friday, giving it a market cap of $505.40 billion. The stock traded as high as $810.35 on Feb. 2, 2016.

Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) was reiterated as  Hold  with a $3 from $2 price target on Friday by Topeka Capital Markets.

Advanced Micro Devices Inc. recently traded at $3.55, a gain of $0.93 over Thursday s closing price. The name has a current market capitalization of $2.82 billion.

In the past 52 weeks, shares of AMD have traded between a low of $1.61 and a high of $3.65 and are now trading at $3.60. Shares are up 14.91% year-over-year ; down 8.71% year-to-date.

Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) rating of  Outperform  was reiterated today at BMO Capital Markets with a price target decrease of $57 from $58 (versus a $55.78 previous close).

Microsoft has tumbled 7% in today s trading following weak Q3 results and cautious guidance for the fourth quarter. Alphabet Inc - Microsoft Corp, Google reach agreement to drop pending regulatory complaints - Recode - Reuters News  
2016-11-21
Google Shop Launches: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Partners With Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) With the release of the Pixel phone and a growing collection of Google-branded hardware, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL , NASDAQ: GOOG ) is branching into retail. Last Friday, it launched its first Google Shop, a store-within-a-store in partnership with Best Buy Co Inc (NYSE: BBY ).

Source: Brad Moon

I was in Mississauga (a suburb of Toronto) to attend the store launch. Janelle Fischer, Google s Global Head of Retail Design, spoke to the invited audience and cut the ribbon.

Best Buy and Partners Proved the Mini Store Works

If you ve been in a Best Buy store, you ve undoubtedly seen the  mini stores  set up within. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) kicked off the trend, setting up dedicated spaces that exclusively featured Apple products. Tables were set up where customers could try out the new MacBook and iPads, with Apple-trained specialists on hand to answer questions.

The concept proved popular. Even for a company like AAPL that runs its own Apple Store retail empire, the mini shops let it expand its reach at a much lower cost, while taking advantage of the foot traffic in Best Buy stores. Other companies followed with their own mini stores, including Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ).

Google Shop: Where Apple Went, But Better

It s clear that considerable effort was put into designing the Google Shop and making it a destination space with Best Buy stores.

Janelle Fischer headed up the effort and, according to her LinkedIn Corp (NYSE: LNKD ) profile, she spent three years working for Apple in its global retail channel, so she s seen first-hand what works and what doesn t in these store-within-a-store locations. During the ribbon-cutting ceremony, she explained the company is putting the same attention to detail into this retail experience as it does in designing the UI for Google software.

The result definitely one-ups Apple and its mini stores.

The Google Shop is essentially an enclosed space, not just a collection of tables. Materials are premium and inviting, with plenty of warm wood and gray fabric surfaces. Big screens are everywhere, including a massive nine-screen installation powered by a tablet where customers can interact with services such as Google Earth. A swath of Google products are laid out for hands-on use, including Chromebooks, Chromecasts, Daydream View VR headsets and, of course, the new Pixel phone.

In fact, there s an interactive wall made out of dozens of connected Pixel phones with coordinated displays that is particularly eye-catching.

Next Page Alphabet's autofocusing smart contact lens testing is delayed It's bad news if you were hoping to try on a pair of Google's (now Alphabet Inc's) smart contact lenses as its partner in the project Novartis confirmed it's delaying human tests that were planned for 2016.

Speaking to Reuters, a spokeswoman for Novartis confirmed in an email that it wasn't going to meet its goal to start trials of the autofocusing smart lens that aim to address farsightedness.

"It is too early to say when exactly human clinical trials for these lenses will begin," she said. The project is far from dead in the water however. "This is a very technically complex process and both sides are learning as we go along. We will provide updates at the appropriate time," she added.

Read this: Life through a smart contact lens

These lenses are different from the glucose tracking ones that the two companies are also working on. Although it seems testing for the wearable that uses miniature sensors and a radio antenna to track a wearer's blood glucose levels is on hold as well.

The smart contact lens story so far

After an application for a smart contact lens was filed way back in 2012, Google struck a deal with drug maker Novartis in July 2014 to help make the lens. "We are looking forward to working with Google to bring together their advanced technology and our extensive knowledge of biology to meet unmet medical needs," said Novartis CEO Joseph Jimenez at the time. "This is a key step for us to go beyond the confines of traditional disease management, starting with the eye."



It's now being built by Verily Life Science (which used to be Google X). Jimenez aimed to have the smart contact lenses ready within five years.

Since then, there has even been talk of the lens being solar powered after a patent filing surfaced that indicated users would be able to look up towards the sun and recharge them for the next few hours.



Alphabet Inc seemingly isn't the only one in the business of smartening up the eye either with Samsung and Sony also rumoured to be looking into smart contact lens projects as well.

This latest news is a bit of blow for Alphabet Inc and Novartis, but it's perhaps not all that surprising for what sounds like a pretty complex wearable to develop. We're still impressed they are that close to testing just two years after the deal was struck, so we're happy to wait a little longer to make sure they get it right.

Source: Reuters Billionaire Steve Cohen Builds Huge Positions in Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL ... Billionaire Steve Cohen is the Chairman and CEO of Point72 Asset Management, a family office that has an equity portfolio worth $14.22 billion as of the end of September. The 60-year old hedge fund manager is a passout from Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Before launching Point72, Mr. Cohen had founded SAC Capital in 1992 which was closed down as a result of the biggest insider trading scandal in history that resulted in Cohen paying $1.8 billion as penalties. This did not stop Steve Cohen from pursuing his investment career and he reorganized his firm into a family office. Point72 s mission is to deliver superior risk-adjusted returns having large allocations to consumer discretionary, healthcare and energy sectors. Let us have a look at some of Cohen s moves during the latest quarter.

While there are many metrics that investors can assess in the investment process, hedge fund sentiment is something that is often overlooked. However, hedge funds and other institutional investors allocate significant resources while making their bets and their long-term focus makes them the perfect investors to emulate. This is supported by our research, which determined that following the small-cap stocks that hedge funds are collectively bullish on can help a smaller investor beat the S&P 500 by around 95 basis points per month (see more details here).

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) represents the third-largest holding in Point72 Asset Management s equity portfolio, as the fund initiated a stake during the third quarter and reported ownership of 419,288 class A shares worth $337.13 million in its latest 13F filing. The stock is trading close to flat year-to-date. There are some fears regarding large technology stocks coming under pressure from the new Trump administration. To make matters worse for the company, its drone delivery deal with Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) also did not materialize. Aside from Point72 Asset Management, other investors bullish on Alphabet include Andreas Halvorsen s Viking Global, Mason Hawkins  Southeastern Asset Management, Ken Fisher s Fisher Asset Management, and Stephen Mandel s Lone Pine Capital. 
2016-10-04
Can New Product Launches Drive Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Stock Above $1000? Alphabet Inc. is set for its biggest product launch ever.

Alphabet stock is up over 20% in the last one year.

Can new products drive Alphabet stock price higher?

Google parent company Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is setting up for the biggest product launch in its history. With a slew of new products set for release on Tuesday (October 4), will there be enough catalysts to lift the Alphabet stock price? Analysts at Jeffries and RBC capital definitely seem to agree, hiking their Alphabet stock price targets in recent notes to investors. Alphabet stock price has soared 20% in the last one year. However, the year-to-date performance of Alphabet stock has been muted, rising 2.9% in comparison to the Nasdaq Composite's (INDX:COMPX) 5.9% gain. Are we on the verge of yet another rally in Alphabet stock price? Let's understand...

Alphabet Inc's Biggest Product Launch

Alphabet Inc. is set for its biggest product launch ever, which is scheduled for Tuesday. The company is set to unveil a number of devices which will leverage the firm's advances in AI, search and mobile. The biggest launch will be that of Google Home, a connected smart speaker which will take on Amazon.com Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AMZN) 'Echo' and the accompanying 'Alexa' voice assistant. The other major launches include two new 'Pixel' smartphones which will compete with Apple's iPhones and Samsung's flagships. In a recent investor note, Jefferies analysts also point out the release of a new Chromecast device and the launch of Andromeda, an OS which will merge Chrome with Android. Quoting from the Jefferies note:

On Oct 4 Google is expected to unveil a slew of new devices designed to showcase and drive usage of its best-in-class software services. Among the expected announcements: two new flagship smartphones designed to directly compete with the iPhone, a strategically important Bluetooth speaker that responds to voice commands, a new Chromecast audio / video streaming device, and a new OS called Andromeda, which will merge Chrome with Android.

While HTC is reportedly the 'Pixel' manufacturer, there have been reports of Google looking to manufacture its own smartphones in the near future.

Also read: How To Value Alphabet Inc Stock Today

Analysts Are Weighing In On Google Stock

A number of analysts have recently raised their ratings and price targets for Alphabet stock. The most notable ratings/hikes came from analysts at Jeffries and RBC capital. Jefferies analysts reiterated their $1000 price target and a 'Buy' rating, citing expansion of earnings multiple (PE ratio) driven by success in Hardware. In a separate news on Friday, RBC analyst Mark Mahaney raised his target on Alphabet stock to $1025, up from $1000, while maintaining an 'Outperform' rating. The leading internet analyst highlighted Youtube's $10B revenue run rate with a 30%-40% growth.

The 1-year analyst consensus price target for Alphabet stock is currently $938.55 with an average 'Buy' rating. The consensus price target implies an upside of 17.2% upside from the last closing price on October 3. Wall Street is clearly bullish on Alphabet stock with 46 out of 49 analysts rating the stock a 'Buy' or 'Strong Buy' while only 3 maintain the stock at a 'Hold' rating.

Could Twitter Be the Social Angle Alphabet Lacks?

A lot has recently been written about the potential takeover of Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) by Alphabet, with a significant coverage by fellow authors on Amigobulls. Hence, while we will not go over all the details once again, there has been a new development worth mentioning. Pee media reports, Alphabet Inc. has hired Lazard Bank to conduct a feasibility study of the Twitter acquisition. While there is yet to be any official confirmation, this could be a major step if a Twitter acquisition does play out, as rumored.

Also read: Buy Alphabet Inc Stock (GOOGL) If Google Buys Twitter Inc (TWTR)

A point worth noting is the impact of Ruth Porat on Alphabet profitability. Alphabet hired their current CFO in March 2015. Given the cost discipline Porat has brought in at Google, the impact is clearly in the rising profit margins. Google's TTM (Trailing Twelve Month) operating margin is at 26.2%, up from 25% a year ago. While it does not mean much at a first glance, a 120bps improvement could translate into incremental earnings of nearly a Billion dollars given the scale at which Alphabet Inc. operates. Porat and the financial discipline is definitely something Twitter could leverage. (Hint: See their income statement to understand.)

Alphabet Inc. Outlook and Stock Valuation

Alphabet stock currently trades at a 19.7X multiple based on FY17 EPS consensus. With 5 year EPS growth forecasted at 18.1%, the stock currently trades at PEG (P/E by growth) ratio (TTM) of 1.08. The stock has traded at an average PEG ratio of 1.9, over the last 5 years, with a one-year range of 3.24 - 1.11, which implies room for significant multiple expansion over the coming quarters. A $1000 price target implies an earnings multiple of 24.6x FY17 estimates, putting the PEG ratio at 1.36, which while not very attractive, is well within Google's historic valuation range. Given the multitude of new product launches with potential for new revenue streams (Google home, Pixel, Andromeda) and the strength in Youtube, the risk/reward is pretty much favorable for long-term investors. Hence, a $1000 price target, which does seem expensive, could be easily met, If Google's hardware launches do take off, as expected. This Top Analyst Dives in on Facebook Inc (FB) and Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Amid ... One of Wall Street s top analysts shares insights on two leading internet giants, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), as Facebook launches its new mobile app that will enable a new kind of buyer-seller interaction, while Alphabet responds to competitors with two new phones, new hardware, and a new OS roll-out. Let s take a closer look:

Facebook Inc

Facebook launched its new mobile app feature Marketplace yesterday, enabling local buyers and sellers to connect with one another, the social media giant s attempt at a more  mobile-centric  interface endeavor that simplifies the interactions.

This local Marketplace app will also make classified listings possible on Facebook, including a photo, title, description, and asking price to be viewed by public consumers, with the company adding Make Offer and Message Seller buttons for users to manage in a section called  Your items.  Instead of executing the closing transaction, Facebook chooses to underscore creating connections and managing past interactions as its true focus.

Merrill Lynch top analyst Justin Post notes that though FB has attempted a local shopping service nine years ago, the  mobile focus is all the difference  and could provide gains in  meaningful traction  that Marketplace 1.0 lacked. As such, Post reiterates a Buy rating on shares of FB with a $150 price target, which represents a 17% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

 Marketplace ads are another feature to drive engagement, with a small positive benefit to usage if the feature gains transaction. We remain positive on Facebook heading into 3Q, as we believe strong engagement, pricing tailwinds and underlying growth in advertisers position the company well for a potential beat. Longer term, we are positive given the multiple untapped potential revenue sources (Messenger, WhatsApp, Live streaming, search),  Post concludes.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes. According to TipRanks, top five-star analyst Justin Post has achieved a high ranking of #15 out of 4,197 analysts. Post upholds a 77% success rate and realizes 19.9% in his annual returns. When recommending FB, Post yields 36.3% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics indicate FB as a Strong Buy. Based on 38 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 33 rate a Buy on FB, while 5 maintain a Hold. The 12-month price target stands at $156.91, marking a nearly 23% upside from where the shares last closed.

Alphabet Inc

Alphabet is dominating the rumor mill with chatter about its next generation phones anticipated for a launch today on the heels of UK network/retailer Carphone Warehouse s leak. These phones are a palpable step away from the Nexus phones, and the Pixel and Pixel XL are allegedly ready for a competitive roll-out, designed to rival both the Samsung Galaxy S8 as well as the iPhone 7/7 Plus.

The Pixel phones, regular and XL, will come with AMOLED screens, Qualcomm s most recent Snapdragon 821 processors, 4GB RAM, which tops the iPhone 7/7Plus s 2 and 3 GB, respectively, and a  slightly  higher MP front camera.

Ahead of the Pixel phones launch event, Merrill Lynch top analyst Justin Post reiterates a Buy rating on GOOGL with a price target of $960, which represents just under a 20% increase from where the shares last closed.

Post notes,  The Pixel marketing pages also appear to highlight faster battery charging (7 hours of life in 15 minutes), but we see no indication of water resistant features of competitors. Demand for new phones has proven difficult to forecast with more disappointments than successes, but it seems to us that Google is introducing a competitive device. 

More so, Post anticipates two other  key  hardware launches, from the  anticipated  Daydream VR headset, which was expected to launch in the Fall, and seems like a  logical announcement on the back of the two likely VR-ready handset devices,  to Google Home, Alphabet s  competitive answer to Amazon s Echo,  the analyst comments. Yet, Post contends Andromeda Nougat (N), GOOGL s expected added OS announcement, a prospective Android-OS-meets-Chrome-OS combo, could be the  highlight  of the event.

Even so, the analyst opines,  We do not view the launch event as a major catalyst to the stock at this point as most of the releases have been highly anticipated, vetted, and in some cases, already leaked. Initial reception appears positive, but at the end of the day, investors are more focused on tougher 2H ad comps and impact of recent ad format changes. 

Five months down the road, Post believes investors could become less cautious and more positive amid less challenging comps.

TipRanks analytics exhibit GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 32 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 31 rate a Buy on GOOGL, while 1 issues a Sell. The consensus price target stands at $944.55, marking a nearly 18% upside from where the stock is currently trading. Alphabet Inc Introduces Google Allo: This Is a Great Move Articles > Market Commentary > Alphabet Inc Introduces Google Allo: This Is a Great Move

Alphabet Inc Introduces Google Allo: This Is a Great Move

An impressive product



Image by / s13.postimg.org

Impressive features

A long-term opportunity

Published on Oct 4, 2016 By Yaggyaseni Mittra By Yaggyaseni Mittra

Copyrighted 2017. Content published with author's permission.

Posted in ... Market Commentary Investing

Google Allo is GOOG )( GOOGL ) messaging app that is expected to be in competition with similar messaging apps such as AAPL ) iMessage, WhatsApp and FB ) Messenger app.Allo can t be considered a replacement for Hangout, but Google is planning to launch a separate app soon for Android and iOS users.Google s Allo is believed to have some in-built machine learning that is developed in accordance with the company s advanced virtual assistant called Google Assistant.Allo learns with time to consistently make discussions both highly productive and easy.Google is keenly focused on delivering consistent high-quality innovation for its customers while uniquely exciting them with its superior product quality and eye-catching features. Users will encounter smart and impressive replies that are not the regular reply options that competing messaging platforms offer.Instead, Google s smart assistant will learn with time and give out custom-made, extremely personal replies that users would truly use.Allo is also expected to provide well-suited suggestions about any good dining places around by strategically and intelligently analyzing the photos and related content of such attractive places by using Google Images. In addition, this feature-rich app is equipped with artificial intelligence capabilities to almost correctly guess user s replies in form of either text or other innovative features like end-to-end encryption also called as Incognito, sticker packs and unique voice messages.Google Allo is available for free of cost download to iOS and Android devices.Apart from these unique features, Google s Allo is believed to provide a direct chatting feature with its users in form of texts that would enable its users to search for songs, movies or any other entertainment without signing off from the app. This feature closely resembles Facebook s chatbots.The intelligently attractive and hugely competitive features of the Google s Allo app is believed to notably attract user s attention while expanding the tech giant s already strong customer base rather, increasingly eroding the active customer base of several of its key competitors including, Facebook, TWTR ) and Skype.According to Google, Allo is expected to be the most technologically-advanced messaging service to date, assisted by an innovative robotic associate that can recommend or even write replies in typed format on the behalf of users. This Smart Reply mechanism is targeted at making the procedure of messaging simpler while gradually learning to respond in form of pictures, most preferred words and phrases or one s own photos for reply.Apple s Siri is expected to be much smarter than any other artificial intelligence application. but its capabilities are still lacking. AMZN ) voice-driven bot called Alexa is fitted in the company s echo and tap dot speakers that clearly illustrates the expanded usefulness of the advanced gadgets when a person verbally communicates with them.The robotized communication mechanism being controlled by superior artificial intelligence and automatic learning techniques will inevitably capture the global mobile and handheld devices market while illustrating significant growth prospects for the company over the long-term. Snapchat Leapfrogs Alphabet Inc With Spectacles Launch Snapchat steps out of the IM market and introduces a basic AR-device.

Snapchat took advantage of fundamental problems in the AR market and might reproduce it in adjacent markets as well.

Spectacles' success could reaffirm a 2017 IPO and strengthen the bullish case in such an event.

As the virtual reality industry slowly begins to take off, the absence of any significant progress in its twin technology, augmented reality, is incomprehensible. The first two principal players, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and HTC, had launched their VR devices earlier this year and experienced significant demand that reaffirmed most early estimations about the potential of this market. After Facebook and HTC Samsung Electronics (OTC:SSNLF), which introduced Gear VR last year, joined the race. Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE), Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG), and other smaller players are expected to join the race next, towards Thanksgiving.

Spectacles: An Incremental Progress

A couple of years back, it seemed that the AR market would bring a new revolution to the IoT trend and wearable devices with Google Glass (or its successor), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) HoloLens, and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Smart glasses, among many others. Today, this market seems almost non-existent. Google just brought Google Glass back for a re-design, Microsoft only launched a $3k developer version like Google did a few years back, and Intel partnered with Luxottica's (NYSE:LUX) Oakley to launch Radar Pace, a voice-activated fitness sunglasses. All of the devices mentioned, and many more, are not affordable and have no price segmentation. Moreover, the devices are significantly different from one another indicating that the entire AR market has seemingly not yet understood how to monetize its incredible potential.

Amid the slow progress in the AR market, it was very surprising to see Snapchat (SNAP), among all tech companies, launching affordable--and some might say even fashionable--recording sunglasses. Even though we are a long way to a full AR device, with Snapchat s invention, it looks like this is the kick in the butt that the industry needed so badly. While Microsoft and Google struggled for years to introduce a full fledged AR device with rich capabilities and a long feature list, Snapchat took another angle and offered a single-feature device that is now viral. Snapchat s device is a good example of how big tech companies try to deliver very sophisticated products that appear to be very hard to execute while small and innovative companies think outside the box.

Also Read: Can Snapchat Give Facebook A Run For Its Money?

Snapchat s device raises a fundamental question for AR vendors Why do they focus so strongly on launching a full-blown, complex device at once instead of approaching development in smaller steps and releasing basic devices with narrower capabilities. For example, we can take a look at the VR market where Facebook Oculus partnered with Samsung to deliver an interim VR device that is based on Oculus technology and powered by the Samsung Note 4. Google also offers its temporary solution, the Cardboard, which is an affordable cardboard that folds into goggles that can be turned into a VR headset with an Android-based phone. Both devices are expected to be replaced by a full-blown VR device.

For some reason, the AR industry tries to leap beyond that stage, which seems to delay the introduction. Snapchat s Spectacles offers a very basic interim device with a very narrow offering, but it clearly shows Google and Microsoft that even as they slowly struggle with the execution of their devices, other companies might pass them, using out of the box thinking and strategy. This is a clear sign for the sleepy AR market to increase the pace of development and that the market might be ready for interim solutions.

IPO In The Offing?

The Spectacles are being introduced during an eventful period for Snapchat when the company is rumored to go public in 2017; Facebook added many new features aimed at the Snapchat user base, like Instagram Stories; Additionally, there are the new Snapchat-like instant videos feature in FB Messenger and the Snapchat-like stickers and photo-editing features in WhatsApp. Suddenly, Snapchat s uniqueness, which attracted users and advertisers, is being challenged. While the company will need to fight back on that front, it must also realize that it has to accelerate the development of new revenue streams.

Also Read: Snapchat IPO In 2017 Is A Remote Possibility

It is very early to predict how the new device will be accepted by users. However, its slick look and affordable price tag (around $130) makes it an excellent addition to Snapchat s arsenal. The Spectacles device allows users to record a short video directly from their sunglasses and produce a wide-angle shot that includes the users  viewpoint and a natural field of view that is closer to the eyes. This is a small feature, but it has a good chance to be a successful one with Snapchat s users as it enables them to create richer videos that are closer to reality.

Conclusion

Even if this attempt does not generate a substantial amount of revenue, it is an important effort for the company in developing its ecosystem and expanding beyond the traditional IM market. This is part of the growth process that Snapchat is going through as it knows exactly how to address its potential users. Snapchat s Spectacles device not only shakes up the AR market, but it also sends a clear message to players in adjacent segments: a basic but innovative device can be the right next step. This is a significant development for Snapchat. If it succeeds, I can definitely see how it will reaffirm the company s plans to go public in 2017 and strengthen a bullish case for a Snapchat IPO. 
2016-12-16
Better Buy: Alphabet Inc vs. Apple Inc. Let's rewind back to September 1998. Steve Jobs had just rejoined the company he had founded two decades earlier: Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Two 20-somethings named Larry Page and Sergey Brin founded a company they thought could help organize the world's information: Google -- which later became Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

The former was worth just over $5 billion, while the latter was worth virtually nothing. Fast-forward not even two decades and they are arguably the two most powerful companies the world has ever known, with a combined market capitalization of almost $1.2 trillion!

But which stock is a better buy at today's prices?

There's no definitive way to answer that question. However, there are many different ways to approach it that will help you get more comfortable picking one of these two titans. Here are the three aspects that I consider to be most important.

Financial fortitude

Too much cash is a good problem to have. Over the long run, owning a company that has this kind of cash "problem" is very desirable. That's because when difficult times hit -- and they will hit -- companies that have cash have options. They can outspend their more cash-strapped rivals, buy back their own stock, or even make acquisitions.

Companies that are debt-heavy, on the other hand, find themselves in the exact opposite boat: struggling just to make ends meet, exploring options to be bought out, or even succumbing to bankruptcy.

Here's how Apple and Alphabet stack up in terms of financial fortitude.

Company Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Alphabet $78 billion $2 billion $19 billion $24 billion Apple $238 billion $75 billion $46 billion $53 billion

It would be very difficult to find two companies that have stronger balance sheets. While it's clear that Apple's numbers are greater than Alphabet's -- even after accounting for the fact that Apple is valued 11% higher than Alphabet -- the point of this lens is to see if one company has substantially more flexibility due to its cash than another.

Once we get to the point that these two companies are at, it's essentially a wash.

Winner: Tie

Sustainable competitive advantages

Of these three factors, this is perhaps the most important. Commonly referred to as a "moat" in investing circles, a company's sustainable competitive advantages are often the special sauce that separate it from competitors.

Some might be surprised to hear that I think Alphabet has a much stronger moat than Apple. Apple's moat is two-fold. First, it has a very powerful brand -- even more so abroad. That allows the company to charge more for its products than competitors. Second, the company has been building out an ecosystem that keeps users hooked in the system. For example, if your iPhone is synced with your Mac, your iPad, and your Apple TV, you'd be loath to switch to a different phone.

But the major weakness here is that the company has traditionally relied on coming up with "the next big thing" to drive sales. The iPhone was arguably one of the biggest consumer hits ever, but it has been a long time since Apple has released a product that even comes close to touching the iPhone's popularity, and the competition is always clawing for market share.

Alphabet, on the other hand, has the type of moat that famed investor Charlie Munger once said might be the widest he'd ever seen. That's because Google has a dominant search market share globally. But search is just one of seven Alphabet products that have over 1 billion users. The others are: Android, Chrome, Maps, Google Play Store, Gmail, and YouTube.

Think about Alphabet's moat like this: With each additional user that gets in Google's ecosystem, the company collects copious amounts of data, all of which can be used to offer advertising that's more targeted than anywhere in the world. In the end, those ads are what pays the bills at Alphabet, and with the exception of Facebook, there isn't a company (or government) on earth that can come close to Alphabet's data trove.

Winner: Alphabet

Valuation

Finally, we have valuation. This isn't an exact science, but here are four metrics I like to check when evaluating stocks.

Company P/E Ratio P/FCF Ratio PEG Ratio Dividend Alphabet 24 24 1.3 0% Apple 14 12 1.5 2%

While Alphabet appears to be slightly cheaper relative to its growth potential (PEG ratio), Apple is a better deal on every other metric. It's tough to find a company as successful as Apple that's trading for quite so cheap. And the fact that you get a 2% dividend -- which is both safe and has room for growth -- is the icing on the cake that makes Apple the winner of this round.

Winner: Apple

Final call: Draw

Both companies are solid. Apple is the cheaper stock; Alphabet has a stronger moat. As a tie-breaker, I go where my own skin in the game is: I'd definitely side with Alphabet. The company represents 13% of my family's real-life holdings, while Apple clocks in at just under 4%. You Got It Wrong. Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Leads the Self-Driving Space. Google s driverless car project has finally graduated from Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) research lab to become a stand-alone company called Waymo. But while Google expects Waymo to become a revenue source soon, it s been attacked for seemingly falling behind in the self-driving car race.

Waymo CEO John Krafcik, who by the way is an auto-industry veteran, made it clear that Waymo isn t a car company.

He said Alphabet s self-driving car business is into making better drivers. The Wall Street Journal paraphrased Krafcik as saying,  [Krafcik] saw opportunities in ride sharing, transportation logistics and trucking, as well as licensing technology to other auto makers. 

There were no definite statements on how the company intends to generate revenue, either. What is clear is that GOOGL is unlikely to make its own self-driving cars and investors should appreciate Alphabet s approach. Here s why.

Google Leads the Self-Driving Car Race

In recent months, Google s been criticized for slacking off in the self-driving car race. However, its self-driving cars have not logged over 2 million miles over the past eight years for nothing.

Only Tesla Motors Inc s (NASDAQ: TSLA ) Autopilot program has logged more hours (100 million miles as of May 2016.) That s because there are around 70,000 autopilot-enabled Tesla cars on the road.

Critics have pointing to moves by traditional automakers like General Motors Company s (NYSE: GM ) acquisition of Cruise Automation, and Tesla s Autopilot, among others, as proof that GOOGL is now in the back seat. A report from earlier this year on how Toyota Motor Corp (ADR)(NYSE: TM ) had the highest number of patents related to self-driving cars also helped them buttress their points.

After all, Toyota had over a thousand patents as of when the report was published, while GOOGL only had a few hundred patents. However, what s not being said is that the patents Alphabet holds are mostly related to Vehicle-to-Vehicle (V2V) and Vehicle-Infrastructure (V2I) technologies.

Next Page Google Is Bouncing Back: A Revenue Growth Story Andrew and Ben are bullish on Google (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL). Ben likes that the company has began utilizing its assets much better. They were not behaving like a big player while the company was becoming one. However, there has been a noticeable turnaround regarding this.

Cost per click has declined steadily over the past few years, while paid clicks were increasing. This was ultimately resulting in less revenue growth, giving investors a reason to be concerned. Cost per click is starting to level off and revenue growth has accelerated, even given difficult comps. We find this to be one of the most bullish signs for Google.

Disclosure: I am/we are long GOOG, GOOGL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-08-04
Google is Taking on Big Pharma with This New Partnership Ben Benoy : Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) has partnered up with a major drug developer on a new biotech firm, and its ambitious plans could pay off huge for Google s parent in the long run.

I don t think there s anyone who likes popping pills for an ailment. Internal chemistry is a delicate cocktail, after all.

Well, a partnership between two tech and healthcare juggernauts may soon do their part to end the  better living through chemistry  motto and skip the pills by moving from chemistry to technology.

Google s parent company Alphabet (Nasdaq: GOOGL) has partnered with leading British pharmaceutical firm GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE: GSK) to launch a new  bioelectronics medicine  company.



Bioelectric medicine is a new field of research focusing on tiny implanted devices that alter a person s electrical nerve signal to treat chronic conditions like arthritis, diabetes, and asthma.

Economist Harry S. Dent Jr. now has indisputable evidence of precisely where gold is heading next.

A Pretty Big Bet

Laying their reputations on the line, both companies forecast this new technology will foster the next medical revolution. Called Galvani Bioelectronics, the joint venture will receive $715 million in funding over the next seven years.

Like all good risk-averse companies, GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) isn t putting all their  tech eggs  in one basket solely with Alphabet. GSK announced the day before that they are also partnering with Apple (Nasdaq: AAPL) to leverage their medical research capability, called ResearchKit.

Apple, along with other traditional tech companies, are starting to diversify their portfolios into the healthcare industry. They re focusing their deep knowledge of massive IT infrastructures, as well as computing, and applying this expertise to challenging medical issues.

As the healthcare industry goes digital, more medical breakthroughs occur through plain old computer data crunching.

Bigger Than an iPhone

With the data for a single human genome measuring roughly 100 gigabytes in size (average storage capacity for the top tier iPhone), medical companies simply require the data processing power associated with large IT companies.

By applying genome data with highly targeted treatment options and stats culled from a patient s medical history, plus regional health/lifestyle data and a fitness tracker, providers hope to build a better and more complete health picture.

Physicians have an uphill battle leveraging this data fully with their current tools. Alphabet, Apple, and even Microsoft hope to change that by offering their infrastructure to crunch these massive data sets for precision medicine.

Data points to make our medicine options more precise are growing at an exponential rate.

Enough to Make Your Skin Tingle

Engineers at Tufts University have been integrating microfluidics, electronics, and nanoscale sensors into suture threads.

These threads contain high-end electronics designed to suture down through multiple layers of skin and tissue.

Once sutured, the threads would provide wireless information on underlying tissue, in real time, to alert doctors of possible infections or relevant healing data.

Results in the Journal of Microsystems & Nanoengineering look genuinely promising for use in a variety of specific cases.

Bottom line: this technology would add one more calculated data point to everything else we currently utilize to provide a whole health picture.

Bioelectronic treatments, smart sutures, and massive health data crunching will no doubt disrupt the current health and IT industries in the coming years.

Count on your Dent Research team to provide you the latest insights into technology that you can profit from for market plays.

GOOGL shares fell $2.20 (-0.28%) to $796.72 in Thursday afternoon trading. The stock has gained 2.37% year-to-date, compared with a 6% return in the benchmark S&P 500 in the same period.

This article brought to you courtesy of Economy and Markets. Three Big Stock Charts for Thursday: Gap Inc (GPS), Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) and ... We re seeing more signs of a bifurcated market as a number of sectors are seeing a decline in breadth.

For our comparison, we use the percentage of companies that are trading above their respective 50-day moving average as a great measure of sector breadth. On average, this dropped by 17% over the last two weeks indicating that the market is splitting.

A decline in sector breadth or correlation means that the stock pickers are going to tend to outperform the index investors as they play both bullish and bearish trades. Today, Gap Inc (NYSE: GPS ) and Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX ) are drawing bullish trade cases while Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL , NASDAQ: GOOG ) is making a case that it s time to sell into recent strength.

Gap Inc (GPS)

We ve seen an improvement in the retail sector as the group gets ready to head into a seasonally strong period of the year. Gap Inc shares have been participating, as shares have rallied over 50% from their May lows as signs of fundamental improvements are starting to take root.

Within the last two weeks, Gap s 50-day moving average has transitioned into an intermediate-term bullish trend as it has engaged in an ascending pattern. Our studies show that the probability of the stock posting positive one-day returns more than doubles while this pattern is in place.

Gap will announce their earnings on August 18, and the company will have a bevy of technical support levels to help absorb any unexpected negative surprises. Though, from the sales figures seen, they should be able to meet expectations.

Yesterday s trading action strengthened support from the 200-day trendline at $24.40, which is also transitioning into a bullish trend.

Gap shares worked off an overbought signal over the last few days, which is good to do ahead of earnings to avoid a  sell the news  reaction. Look for these trends to continue to improves and help GPS shares climb.

Netflix, Inc. (NFLX)

Market favorite, at least to beat up on, Netflix is trying to build a technical bottom to trade from. Shares of the streaming entertainment company have spent the last three months testing the $85 level on tepid volume, but that is changing.

The recent rally from this level was on heavier average volume, signaling that the line in the sand at $85 has gained some strength and is not likely to give way. This should give the bulls some confidence that Netflix may have seen its lows for the second half of the year.

Netflix shares are now positioned to move back above their 50-day to make a run at $101.50, which would be the last hurdle between its current price and a $110 print. With momentum building and the shares far from being overbought like many tech names in the market, Netflix looks likely to attract short-term technology traders for a move higher.

Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL)

Shares of Alphabet have been flying high after earnings that were better than expected. The technology giant s shares have rallied more than 15% over the last months, putting it in a short-term selling strata.

A result of the monster rally is that Alphabet broke above its upper Bollinger Band, not an easy feat for a stock with the volatility of Alphabet. Yesterday, shares slipped back below this band, which suggests that we could see a reversion to the mean, which could target $740.

In addition, the stock registered an overbought reading from its short-term RSI. This is a simple and effective  sell into strength  indicator for most technical traders and will likely add pressure to shares over the next two weeks.

Finally, the simplest of them all, chart resistance. Shares of Alphabet have traded all of 2016 with a top-of-range value around $785. It is not surprising to see the shares pull back after retesting the top of their range.

For now, Alphabet shares are likely to see weakness as traders take some profits from the recent run. That said, keep an eye out for a consolidation that could lead to a break of $790, which would put the stock into a new higher trading range.

As of this writing, the Johnson Research Group did not hold a position in the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Tracking William Von Mueffling's Cantillon Capital Management Portfolio - Q2 ... The portfolio continues to be very concentrated with the top five positions accounting for ~39% of the US long portfolio.

This article is part of a series that provides an ongoing analysis of the changes made to William Von Mueffling's US stock portfolio on a quarterly basis. It is based on Mueffling's regulatory 13F Form filed on 08/03/2016. Please visit our Tracking William Von Mueffling's Cantillon Capital Management Portfolio series to get an idea of his investment philosophy and our previous update highlighting the fund's moves during Q1 2016.

This quarter, Mueffling's US long portfolio increased 3.91% from $5.71B to $5.94B. The number of holdings increased from 23 to 25: stakes in Allergan plc, Primerica, and TriNet were added during the quarter while eliminating WW Grainger. The portfolio continues to be heavily concentrated with the top five positions representing 39.23% of the total US long holdings. The largest stake is Alphabet Inc. which accounts for 9.96% of the US long portfolio. The largest five positions are Alphabet Inc., Fidelity National Information Services, S&P Global, Analog Devices, and Ecolab.

New Stakes:

Allergan plc (NYSE:AGN), Primerica Inc. (NYSE:PRI), and TriNet Group Inc. (NYSE:TNET): These are the three new positions this quarter. AGN is a medium-sized 2.86% of the portfolio stake established at prices between $202 and $278 and the stock is now at $253. PRI is a small 1.07% position purchased at prices between $43 and $59 and it currently trades at $50.36. TNET is a minutely small 0.15% portfolio stake established at prices between $14 and $21 and the stock is now at $20.98.

Stake Disposals:

Grainger W. W. (NYSE:GWW): GWW stake was established in Q3 2013 at prices between $247 and $274. The position was almost doubled the following quarter at prices between $248 and $272. H1 2015 also saw another ~60% increase at prices between $229 and $266. There was an about turn in Q3 2015: ~38% reduction at prices between $211 and $238. That was followed with a ~40% further selling the following quarter at prices between $191 and $231. The remaining position was eliminated this quarter at prices between $216 and $239. The stock is now at $217. The disposal indicates a bearish bias.

Stake Decreases:

Ambev SA (NYSE:ABEV): ABEV is a small ~1% of the US long portfolio position established in November 2013 as a result of a stock-swap merger transaction that resulted in ABV holders receiving 5 shares of Ambev SA for each share they held. Q1 2014 saw a one-third stake increase at prices between $6.23 and $7.45. In Q3 2015, the stake was reduced by ~57% at prices between $4.59 and $6.25. Last three quarters have seen only minor activity. The stock currently trades at $5.73.

Analog Devices (NYSE:ADI): ADI is a long-term position that has been in the portfolio since 2010. At the time, it accounted for just over 10% of the US long portfolio. The stake was increased by two-thirds in 2011 as well. The last major activity was in Q4 2014 when the position saw a ~18% increase at prices between $43.10 and $57.49. The stock currently trades at $62.87. It is Mueffling's fourth-largest position at 6.70% of the US long portfolio.

Agilent Inc. (NYSE:A): Agilent is a medium-sized 3.37% of the US long portfolio position established in Q4 2015 at prices between $33.74 and $42.36. The stock currently trades well above that range at $47.09. Last two quarters have seen minor reductions.

Baidu Inc. (NASDAQ:BIDU): BIDU is a large 5.79% portfolio stake first purchased in 2012. The original position was increased by over 30% in Q1 2013 at prices between $84 and $113 and another 30% in the following quarter at prices between $83 and $103. Since then, the activity has been very minor. The stock currently trades at $162. Mueffling is sitting on large gains on this position.

Bitauto Holding (NYSE:BITA): BITA is a small ~1% of the US long portfolio position established in Q3 2014 at prices between $46 and $96. Q1 2015 saw a ~60% increase at prices between $47.39 and $89.11. Q3 2015 also saw a further ~38% increase at prices between $24.50 and $51. Last quarter saw another ~18% stake increase at prices between $16.41 and $28.28. The stock currently trades at $27.40. This quarter saw very minor trimming.

Credit Acceptance Corporation (NASDAQ:CACC): CACC is a 1.29% of the US long portfolio position first purchased in 2012. The original stake was increased by around 50% in Q2 2013 at prices between $96 and $122. The position has since been kept relatively steady. The stock currently trades well above his most recent purchase price range at ~$196. This quarter saw minor trimming.

Ecolab Inc. (NYSE:ECL): ECL is a large (top-five) 6.20% of the US long portfolio stake first purchased in 2012. The original position was increased by around 75% in Q1 2013 at prices between $72.50 and $80. Q4 2014 saw a ~21% increase at prices between $101 and $115 and the following quarter saw a further ~10% increase at prices between $99 and $117. The stock currently trades above those ranges at $121. Last few quarters have seen only minor activity.

Fidelity National Information Services (NYSE:FIS): FIS was a minute 0.20% of the US long portfolio position established in Q1 2013. In Q2 2013, the position was increased to a large 6.11% of the US long portfolio stake at prices between $39 and $46. Q3 2013 saw a 15% stake increase at prices between $42.50 and $47.50 and the following quarter saw another 44% increase at prices between $48.87 and $56.55. The stock currently trades well above those ranges at $78.15. FIS is Mueffling's second-largest position at 9.36% of the US long portfolio. Last nine quarters have seen only minor activity.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) previously Google: GOOG is Mueffling's largest position at 9.96% of the US long portfolio. The original stake was established in 2010 and doubled in 2011 at much lower prices. The last significant buying happened in Q2 2014 when the position was increased by ~14% at prices between $510 and $580. Last eight quarters have seen only very minor activity. The stock currently trades at $773. Mueffling is sitting on huge long-term gains on this position.

Harley Davidson (NYSE:HOG): HOG is a fairly large 4.33% of the US long portfolio position. The original stake was established in Q2 2013 at prices between $50 and $60. The position was increased by 56% in Q3 2013 at prices between $54 and $65. Q2 2014 also saw a ~16% increase at prices between $65 and $74. The stock currently trades at $51.63. For investors attempting to follow Mueffling, HOG is a good option to consider for further research. Last few quarters have seen only very minor activity.

MSC Industrial Direct Inc. (NYSE:MSM): MSM is a 1.82% of the US long portfolio position established in Q4 2013 at prices between $75.50 and $83.50. Q1 2014 saw an 84% stake increase at prices between $80 and $89. In Q4 2014, the position saw another ~145% increase at prices between $77 and $86. Last five quarters had seen only minor activity. There was a ~30% reduction this quarter at prices between $69 and $78. The stock currently trades at $72.21.

S&P Global (NYSE:SPGI) previously McGraw Hill Financial (MHFI): The top-five 7.02% SPGI stake was established in Q1 2015 at prices between $85.76 and $109. Q3 2015 saw a huge ~140% increase at prices between $85 and $107 and that was followed with another ~75% increase the following quarter at prices between $87 and $100. There was a further ~18% stake increase last quarter at prices between $80.77 and $99.46. The stock currently trades at $121. This quarter saw minor trimming.

Sensata Technologies Holding N.V. (NYSE:ST): ST is a 3.58% of the US long portfolio position established in Q2 2014 at prices between $44.50 and $50. The stake was increased by ~30% in Q1 2015 at prices between $48.98 and $57.74 and another one-third the following quarter at prices between $52.56 and $58.66. Q3 2015 saw a further 26% increase at prices between $43 and $53. The stock currently trades well below his purchase price ranges at $36.72. Last two quarters had seen minor additional buying while this quarter saw a small reduction. For investors attempting follow Mueffling, ST is a good option to consider for further research.

Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) and Zoetis Inc. (NYSE:ZTS): These medium-sized stakes were established in Q4 2015 and substantially increased last quarter. The 2.84% of the portfolio Visa position was purchased at prices between $70 and $80 and increased by ~73% last quarter at prices between $67.77 and $76.78. The stock is now at $78.71. The 4.80% ZTS stake was established at prices between $40.80 and $48.33 and increased by ~170% last quarter at prices between $39.33 and $48.01. It currently trades just outside those ranges at $51.21. This quarter saw minor trimming in both positions. For investors attempting to follow Mueffling, these two are good options to consider for further research.

Willis Towers Watson plc (NASDAQ:WLTW): The large 6.18% stake came about as a result of the merger between Willis Group Holdings (WSH) and Towers Watson (TW) that closed on January 6, 2016. It was structured as a merger-split-rename transaction and the resultant entity was named Willis Towers Watson plc . WSH shareholders received one share of WLWT in place of every 2.6490 shares of WSH held. Cantillon's large stake in WSH was converted to WLTW shares. Last two quarters have seen very minor trimming. The original position is from Q3 2013 and his overall cost-basis is ~$110 compared to the current price of $124.

Stake Increases:

American Tower (NYSE:AMT), CBRE Group Inc. (NYSE:CBG), and ServiceMaster Global Holdings (NASDAQ:SERV): These three positions were established last quarter and increased substantially this quarter. AMT is a 2.18% position established at prices between $84 and $102 and increased by ~50% this quarter at prices between $103 and $113. The stock currently trades at $116. The 3.29% stake in CBG was purchased at prices between $23.32 and $34.58 and increased by ~94% this quarter at prices between $25 and $31. The stock is now at $28.77. The medium-sized 3.84% SERV position was purchased at prices between $35.13 and $42.21 and increased by ~25% this quarter at prices between $35.42 and $40.31. It currently trades at $37.77. The aggressive build-up indicates a clear bullish bias toward these businesses.

Note 1: Jeffrey Ubben's ValueAct has a ~10% ownership stake in CBRE Group.

Note 2: ServiceMaster was taken private in 2007 in a private equity transaction. In June 2014, it had an IPO at $17 per share. The stock has more than doubled since.

Cimpress (NASDAQ:CMPR) previously VistaPrint: CMPR was a minutely small 0.17% of the US long portfolio position established in Q3 2014. The following quarter saw the stake increased to a 1.52% of the US long portfolio position at prices between $52.63 and $75.98. Q2 2015 saw a ~15% increase at prices between $80.51 and $91.16 and the following quarter saw a further ~38% increase at prices between $64.53 and $84.51. The stock currently trades at $93.11. The stake is now at 2.49% of the US long portfolio. Last three quarters have seen only minor activity.

CME Group (NASDAQ:CME): CME is a medium-sized 4.23% of the US long portfolio stake established in Q4 2014 at prices between $78.26 and $92.91. Q4 2015 saw a ~60% stake increase at prices between $87 and $100. The stock currently trades at $103 Last two quarters have seen only very minor adjustments.

Intercontinental Exchange (NYSE:ICE): ICE is a 4.48% of the US long portfolio stake established in Q4 2014 at prices between $194 and $227. In Q1 2015, the position was increased by ~50% at prices between $205 and $240 and the following quarter saw a further ~26% increase at prices between $222 and $242. The stock currently trades at $278. There was only marginal activity over the last four quarters.

The spreadsheet below highlights changes to Mueffling's US stock holdings in Q2 2016:

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-08-16
Play Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock With a Safety Net Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) is back in favor these days. But bullish investors may want to give today s benefit of the doubt some margin of safety. With that in mind, I have a plan for GOOGL stock.

Back in early summer, I wrote about getting long GOOGL stock using a bullishly positioned butterfly. Our thesis for Alphabet was simple.

First, future revenue concerns tied to overblown (and now all but MIA) bearish worries over ad-blocking bots spelled a nice opportunity for bullish GOOGL investors. Crowd hysterics over Alphabet s quarterly miss and bearishly extrapolating the  what ifs  were allowing traders to buy a best-in-breed tech stock at a discount to fair value and a below-market multiple.

Secondly, Google s stock chart was showing a base-on-base triangle that appeared to be a nice entry point. That came at a time when a less-certain market still faced the Brexit.

To compensate for this, I proffered a bullish GOOGL stock butterfly spread. While that failed to work, given what has transpired in the market   and given that Alphabet systematically knocking it out of the ballpark when it reported earnings last month   this strategist thinks GOOGL is worth a second look.

GOOGL Daily Stock Chart



Click to Enlarge Look at Alphabet s chart to the right. Despite the failure of our triangle (highlighted in yellow) pattern, bulls have remained largely in control of the price action in GOOGL stock.

Specifically, following the second triangle s demise, a larger bullish  W  or corrective double-bottom base developed. That s good news. The additional time spent consolidating should provide a more durable technical platform for Alphabet to forge new highs.

One caveat: GOOGL is testing its former base high after narrowly breaking out last week. The failure to deliver upside momentum could beg the question,  Is GOOGL establishing a double-top formation? 

The Trade on GOOGL Stock

A better question to ask: How can a bullish GOOGL trader still make a profit amid this uncertainty?

Well, one limited-risk spread that offers a bit of flexibility here is an out-of-the-money put credit spread. Reviewing the options board, the Sep $770/$760 bull put spread for a credit of $1 is attractive.

This spread trade will capture the full credit if Alphabet stock remains above $770 by expiration. This margin of safety allows for a decline of nearly 4.5% in the stock   and for all intents and purposes, a way to capitalize profitably on a potential (bullish) earnings gap fill.

The information offered is based upon Christopher Tyler s observations and strictly intended for educational purposes only; the use of which is the responsibility of the individual. Mr. Tyler currently holds no positions in any of the securities discussed in his personal or managed family accounts but may initiate, for better or worse, a position in two or more business days following the publication of this article.

More From InvestorPlace Can Google Cloud Really Catch Up With The Cloud Leaders? Google Cloud has been scoring major wins this year, nabbing key customers and making cloud acquisitions.

The cloud is increasingly becoming a bigger part of Google though it still trails the cloud leaders.

How likely is Google Cloud to catch up with AWS and Azure?

Alphabet Inc's-C (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google cloud has for a long time lived in relative obscurity. Google Cloud results do not even feature on the company's quarterly earnings report the way AWS does for Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Azure for Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT). This appears somewhat ironic considering that Google owns one of the largest computer and server networks on the planet to handle tasks such as Google Search, YouTube, and Gmail. Further, the Google Cloud Platform is actually cheaper than offerings by the two market leaders.

Google Cloud is, however, now coming more and more into the spotlight. Google Cloud has been scoring some major wins this year, including signing up subscription streaming music leader Spotify to its platform, and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) moving some of its iCloud services to Google Cloud.

Getting serious with the cloud

Google has been getting serious about leveraging its cloud platform as one of its next major growth drivers. One of the reasons why enterprise customers have in the past not been using Google Cloud as much as they do AWS and Azure is because Google Cloud is not very well understood, and also because the network of applications that run on top of the cloud are not as diverse as on those by competitors. But Google Cloud has some clear differentiators including machine learning and has recently been making concerted efforts to improve its customer service level for its cloud services. In fact, Spotify said the biggest reason why it migrated most of its user accounts from AWS to Google Cloud is due to the latter's deep-level customer service and superior data tools.

But just how big is Google's cloud? It's hard to get an exact figure for Google Cloud revenues because Google buckets together its cloud revenue in the ''Other Revenue'' section, a wide category consisting of at least seven other revenue segments. Synergy Research ranked Google Cloud #4 in public cloud infrastructure about three quarters ago, with roughly one-eighth of AWS market share. Synergy's latest cloud report lumps together cloud market share by Microsoft, Google, and IBM (NYSE:IBM), and is not very useful in gauging Google's position in the rapidly expanding market.

AWS finished the second quarter with revenue of $2.9B after growing 58% Y/Y. From the Synergy report, Google Cloud has roughly one-eighth of AWS's market share, which would put its quarterly revenue at around $363M. But Synergy says that Google Cloud and Azure grew more than 100%, the only large public cloud vendors to grow in triple digits, so Google Cloud quarterly revenue appears to be growing fast. Google notched up $21.5B in revenue during the last quarter after posting growth of 21%. So the company's cloud probably contributes under 2% to its top line. Cloud revenues for Amazon and Microsoft sit at around 10% of overall revenue, so Google has some catching up to do.

On the growth front, Google appears to be taking Oracle's (NYSE:ORCL) approach to the cloud that involves acquiring cloud companies then folding them up into its operations. Google has acquired cloud platform Orbitera, a cloud marketplace designed for independent software vendors, IT channel organizations, and service providers. Orbitera helps businesses buy and sell software in a scalable and streamlined environment. Google will use Orbitera in its cloud platform.

From Google's announcement:

Looking to the future, we're committed to maintaining Orbitera's neutrality as a platform supporting multi-cloud commerce. We look forward to helping the modern enterprise thrive in a multi-cloud world."

Catching up with the cloud leaders

Recent comments by Google during its earnings call have indicated that the company will continue to invest heavily in its cloud to try and bridge the large gap between itself and the cloud leaders. In terms of geographic buildout, the company plans to add not less than 10 new large data centers in the U.S. and elsewhere over the next few months.

But how likely is Google to catch up with AWS and Azure? Not very likely if a recent Morgan Stanley survey of 100 Chief Information Officers (CIOs) (75 from USA and 25 from Europe) is any indication. The survey found that Microsoft Azure IaaS could actually overtake AWS by 2019, with Google Cloud IaaS coming in a distant third. Google Duo Is Alphabet Inc.'s (GOOGL) Answer To Apple Inc. (AAPL) FaceTime Published By: Ken Bock on August 16, 2016 03:54 pm EST

A new video chat application that works solely on telephones, Google Duo is set to release today. All you have to do is tap on the image of the person you want to talk to, and you have an easy one to one video chat with them. It s simple to make use of without any odd complications. Whoever uses this application will know that Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) hasn t failed to achieve its objective of making a video chat application which is exclusively for cellphones.

Duo works on both Android phones and iPhones. When you join, the application checks your phone number and sends you a confirmation message. This is the entire setup process, there are no records to maintain. It is directly linked to your telephone number and contacts.

It is easy to access but not really suitable if you want to utilize Duo on anything other than your smartphone. It is incapable of making phone calls, or using any other special element during a call or during Hangout.

Nick Fox, vice president of Google s Communications, said that this design is laser-focused on phones. Their goal is to make it solely work on phones:  Amazing on mobile, nothing on desktop. 

There is one component, Knock Knock, which only works on Android though. When you get a call, you get a live scene of the caller before you even take the call. It gives you a chance to see who is calling, it lets the caller make entertaining appearances to allure you to take the call. The advantage of this is that it makes the call start promptly. It starts working the moment you click answer. Knock Knock, only works with the people you have in your contact list so strangers  calls don t show up and you also have the option of blocking any caller you want. And lastly, if you don t like this feature, you can always switch it off.

Google has worked hard at the back to make things feel prompt. It depends on WebRTC and some specialized groundwork to make the call work automatically depending on the quality of your connection. It also immediately picks up the call when you switch from your Wi-Fi to cellular data, the call just continues after a slight pause.

The quality of the call is equally good on both the iPhone and Android phones. However, Google doesn t have the same power to work on iPhone the way it has on Android, that is why there are a few problems, no Knock Knock and you have to unlock your device before you take the call.

Google has made two new applications and has already made their announcement, however, the release dates have not been told. These applications, Duo and Allo (a messaging application) are not to replace Hangouts, a video and messaging application of Google. Hangouts will work, but with a more centralized purpose of serving businessmen.

Fox, has categorized these applications: Duo and Allo, for customers and Hangouts for the businessmen.

It is a bold move by Google for discharging Duo at this time when there are already a lot of different applications in the market. Fox said that it is focused on making different applications which cater to a variety of consumers. Google is set to make Duo a well one on one video chat application, the question that arises now is if it is good enough? Detailed Report on Alphabet Inc's Self-Driving Car Program Published By: Patrick Arruda on August 16, 2016 08:19 am EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stock closed down 0.14% at $805.96, after Global Equities Research analyst Trip Chowdhry provided detailed commentary on Alphabet s Driverless car program. The Google self-driving car has driven more than 1.8 miles during its test drive on public roads in California, Florida, Michigan and Nevada.

Last year in October, Google Driverless program adopted the use of TensorFlow Deep Learning Framework. Before that, the company had been using Theano Deep Learning Framework, noted GER analyst. The same framework is utilized by both Apple Inc and Tesla Motors Inc. He further highlighted how Google had mandated its Driverless program team to use TPU (Tensor Processing Units) for Inference Engine. Apple will not use TPU for its Driverless projects, while Tesla will incorporate TPU in its new autopilot, said GER analyst.

Google, Tesla, and Apple are all incorporating TensorFlow because of its strong reinforced learning model, which is necessary for autonomous driving so as to improve accuracy by taking input from real drivers. The analyst commented further that Google has implemented Automotive Dead Reckoning System in its Driverless program which gives high positional accuracy in densely populated areas and multilevel parking areas. But the firm believes,  Google's current ADR implementation was pretty bad ... we don't know how bad, but we know that new mandate is 1 centimeter to 1.5 centimeter consistent location accuracy. 

Since October last year, Google has adopted IMU (Inertial Measurement Unit), which has Gyroscope fixed in it to create  High Fidelity Maps  that would be utilized by Driverless cars. According to GER, Google s Chief Technology Officer, Chris Urmson was not comfortable with the technological changes and stringent requirements, which is why the company had to let go of him. Mr. Urmson had served seven and a half years on Google s driverless car project. Take a peek inside Google's unbelievable headquarters Before you go, we thought you'd like these...

Ever wonder what it's like to work at one of the most innovative and powerful companies in the world? We complied photos of Google offices from around the globe, including the incredible Mountain View campus, so you could get a glimpse of where the magic happens.

From pool tables and nap pods to Google bikes and on-site gyms, the tech giant did not disappoint.

The design and layout differs based on location, but all the spaces boast funky furniture and decor, bright colors and tons of fun employee perks.

Get a taste of what it's like to be a "Googler" in the photos below:



27 PHOTOS Google offices around the world See Gallery Google offices around the world The sculpture of a Google Inc.'s Android mobile operating system mascot sits inside the Googleplex headquarters in Mountain View, California, U.S., on Thursday, Feb. 18, 2016. Google, part of Alphabet Inc., plans on tapping into existing fiber networks in San Francisco to deliver ultra-fast internet access across the city. Photographer: Michael Short/Bloomberg via Getty Images GURGAON, INDIA - MARCH 19: A view of the Head Office of Google on March 19, 2015 in Gurgaon, India. (Photo by Pradeep Gaur/Mint via Getty Images) GURGAON, INDIA - MARCH 19: Breakout area at the Head Office of Google on March 19, 2015 in Gurgaon, India. (Photo by Pradeep Gaur/Mint via Getty Images) GURGAON, INDIA - MARCH 19: A view of the Head Office of Google on March 19, 2015 in Gurgaon, India. (Photo by Pradeep Gaur/Mint via Getty Images) A Google Inc. employee sits in a massage chair as she works on an Apple Inc. laptop computer with a colleague inside the company's offices in Berlin, Germany, on Friday, Aug. 16, 2013. Google, based in Mountain View, California, is seeking to revive Motorola Mobility's smartphone business, recently announcing a new flagship Moto X smartphone with customizable colors that will be assembled in the U.S. Photographer: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg via Getty Images GURGAON, INDIA - MARCH 19: Reception area of Google Head Office on March 19, 2015 in Gurgaon, India. (Photo by Pradeep Gaur/Mint via Getty Images) An employee walks in a hallway at Google Canada's engineering headquarters in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, on Friday, Jan. 22, 2016. The 185,000-square-foot facility currently houses over 350 employees from Google's Canadian development team. Photographer: Cole Burston/Bloomberg via Getty Images GURGAON, INDIA - MARCH 19: A view of the Head Office of Google on March 19, 2015 in Gurgaon, India. (Photo by Pradeep Gaur/Mint via Getty Images) A cyclist rides past Google Inc. signage near the entrance to the Googleplex headquarters in Mountain View, California, U.S., on Thursday, Feb. 18, 2016. Google, part of Alphabet Inc., plans on tapping into existing fiber networks in San Francisco to deliver ultra-fast internet access across the city. Photographer: Michael Short/Bloomberg via Getty Images A cyclist rides past Google Inc. offices inside the Googleplex headquarters in Mountain View, California, U.S., on Thursday, Feb. 18, 2016. Google, part of Alphabet Inc., plans on tapping into existing fiber networks in San Francisco to deliver ultra-fast internet access across the city. Photographer: Michael Short/Bloomberg via Getty Images A cyclist rides past Google Inc. offices inside the Googleplex headquarters in Mountain View, California, U.S., on Thursday, Feb. 18, 2016. Google, part of Alphabet Inc., plans on tapping into existing fiber networks in San Francisco to deliver ultra-fast internet access across the city. Photographer: Michael Short/Bloomberg via Getty Images Google Inc. signage is displayed on an office building inside the Googleplex headquarters in Mountain View, California, U.S., on Thursday, Feb. 18, 2016. Google, part of Alphabet Inc., plans on tapping into existing fiber networks in San Francisco to deliver ultra-fast internet access across the city. Photographer: Michael Short/Bloomberg via Getty Images GURGAON, INDIA - MARCH 19: Employees play pool in the recreation area at Google Head Office on March 19, 2015 in Gurgaon, India. (Photo by Pradeep Gaur/Mint via Getty Images) An employee checks her mobile device in the lobby of Google Canada's engineering headquarters in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, on Friday, Jan. 22, 2016. The 185,000-square-foot facility currently houses over 350 employees from Google's Canadian development team. Photographer: Cole Burston/Bloomberg via Getty Images An employee walks in a hallway at Google Canada's engineering headquarters in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, on Friday, Jan. 22, 2016. The 185,000-square-foot facility currently houses over 350 employees from Google's Canadian development team. Photographer: Cole Burston/Bloomberg via Getty Images GURGAON, INDIA - MARCH 19: Breakout areas are scattered across each floor of the seven floor building of Google Head Office on March 19, 2015 in Gurgaon, India. (Photo by Pradeep Gaur/Mint via Getty Images) GURGAON, INDIA - MARCH 19: Cool cafeteria at Google Head Office on March 19, 2015 in Gurgaon, India. (Photo by Pradeep Gaur/Mint via Getty Images) An employee walks on a treadmill in the fitness center at Google Canada's engineering headquarters in Waterloo, Ontario, Canada, on Friday, Jan. 22, 2016. The 185,000-square-foot facility currently houses over 350 employees from Google's Canadian development team. Photographer: Cole Burston/Bloomberg via Getty Images GURGAON, INDIA - MARCH 19: Breakout areas are scattered across each floor of the seven floor building of Google Head Office on March 19, 2015 in Gurgaon, India. (Photo by Pradeep Gaur/Mint via Getty Images) GURGAON, INDIA - MARCH 19: Breakout areas are scattered across each floor of the seven floor building of Google Head Office on March 19, 2015 in Gurgaon, India. (Photo by Pradeep Gaur/Mint via Getty Images) MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA - SEPTEMBER 02: The new Google logo is displayed on a sign outside of the Google headquarters on September 2, 2015 in Mountain View, California. Google has made the most dramatic change to their logo since 1999 and have replaced their signature serif font with a new typeface called Product Sans. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Google employee Andrea Janus demonstrates the use of the mini-putt green on the balcony at the new Google office in Toronto, November 13, 2012. REUTERS/Mark Blinch (CANADA - Tags: SCIENCE TECHNOLOGY BUSINESS) Google Inc. logos sit on a wall inside the pantry at the company's offices in Berlin, Germany, on Friday, Aug. 16, 2013. Google, based in Mountain View, California, is seeking to revive Motorola Mobility's smartphone business, recently announcing a new flagship Moto X smartphone with customizable colors that will be assembled in the U.S. Photographer: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg via Getty Images A Google Inc. employee carries an Apple Inc. laptop computer as he walks past logos inside the company's offices in Berlin, Germany, on Friday, Aug. 16, 2013. Google, based in Mountain View, California, is seeking to revive Motorola Mobility's smartphone business, recently announcing a new flagship Moto X smartphone with customizable colors that will be assembled in the U.S. Photographer: Krisztian Bocsi/Bloomberg via Getty Images Indian visitors sit inside a display at the 'Google House' event showcasing the company's latest product innovations for India in Bangalore on August 18, 2015. Google says its products are targeted towards the growing number of internet and smartphone users in the country. AFP PHOTO / Manjunath KIRAN (Photo credit should read MANJUNATH KIRAN/AFP/Getty Images) An Indian visitor sits inside a display at the 'Google House' event showcasing the company's latest product innovations for India in Bangalore on August 18, 2015. Google says its products are targeted towards the growing number of internet and smartphone users in the country. AFP PHOTO / Manjunath KIRAN (Photo credit should read MANJUNATH KIRAN/AFP/Getty Images) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE

More from AOL.com:

50 weird ways people go broke

Want to look attractive to millennials? Offer this 1 company perk

5 things that aren't worth as much money as you think



RELATED: See how Google and other popular companies have changed their logos over the years:

 
2016-12-21
Better Buy: International Business Machines Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc. Though they play in different sandboxes in most areas, there is one significant similarity between IBM (NYSE:IBM) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL): Both are noted innovators. Alphabet's early forays into self-driving cars, nanotechnologies, and wearables -- among a host of other futuristic endeavors -- have set it apart.

The notion of IBM as an innovator is more recent, but significant strides in cognitive computing, big data, and cloud analytics has positioned Big Blue on the cutting edge. But the two behemoths are markedly different from an investor's perspective. This makes answering the question of which is the better buy an intriguing one.

The case for Alphabet

Alphabet's stock has performed relatively poorly this year, up just 4.5% despite growing at a phenomenal clip, which is particularly impressive given it's one of the largest companies on the planet. Meanwhile, IBM isn't posting revenue gains quarter in and quarter out, yet its stock has shot up over 21% year to date.

A year ago, Alphabet generated $18.68 billion in total revenue, a 13% improvement over 2014's third quarter. And that paled in comparison to 2016's third quarter, in which revenue climbed 20% year over year, to $22.45 billion. The fact Alphabet is gaining sales momentum at its size is largely due to its focus on mobile search and video, a recognized area of weakness a year ago.

Thanks in part to improving margins, earnings per share soared 27% last quarter despite Alphabet's infamous spending: Both cost of revenue and operating expense increased. However, Alphabet's other revenues skyrocketed 39% in the third quarter, and its "Other Bets" losses narrowed. Alphabet's spending is beginning to pay off, which bodes extremely well for continuing its stellar run.

The case for IBM

Investors and pundits seem to realize that for IBM, total revenue takes a backseat to its "strategic imperatives" results -- which explains why IBM shareholders are enjoying a banner year. Last quarter's $19.2 billion in sales was flat compared to a year ago, when the company posted a solid result compared with the revenue declines of the past.

IBM's strategic imperatives -- which include data security and mobile sales, in addition to the aforementioned cloud, analytics, and cognitive computing -- generated $8 billion in the quarter, up 16% compared to a year ago. CEO Ginni Rometty's focus on the sales of cloud-based software as a service (SaaS) and business process solutions is driving IBM's strong results.

This year cloud-related SaaS and business process revenue is expected to generate over $80 billion, which explains IBM's phenomenal annual run-rate increase of 66% in the third quarter in what it calls cloud as a service. The annual run rate of $7.5 billion in cloud service sales last quarter was nearly a third of IBM's total strategic imperatives revenue of $31.8 billion.

Surprisingly, IBM actually enjoyed a slight decrease in total expense and other income in the third quarter. The spending decline was surprising in that IBM has invested literally billions of dollars in its strategic imperatives this year alone. And then there's the appeal of IBM's 3.4% dividend yield to investors in search of income. By contrast, Alphabet steadfastly refuses to pay a dividend, though it is giving back to shareholders via its recently announced $7 billion stock repurchase plan.

Which is the better buy?

Alphabet should continue to report quarterly sales and earnings that are simply off the charts, but it's become a victim of its own success. When 20% revenue growth and 27% per-share earnings gains warrant little more than a yawn from investors, it calls into question how much upside Alphabet really offers. That said, its stock should slowly but surely climb over the years, just not as much as it has earned based on its financials.

IBM stock isn't likely to skyrocket any time soon, either. But what IBM stock should do is continue its steady climb, translating to more upside than Alphabet over the long haul -- because of the company's strategic imperatives success, and because it had underperformed for so long. Add in a solid dividend and the nod goes to IBM. This Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Moonshot Could Become Its Own Company Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) hasn t shied away from betting big on new technologies shaping our world. The company has spent large amounts of money acquiring companies and investing in new upstarts. Google s Project Wing, for example, recently announced plans that could soon boost the price of GOOGL stock.

Alphabet announced plans to create an online exchange named  Wing Marketplace  that would allow customers to get deliveries from selected retailers and restaurants.

Drone deliveries aren t new, but they have not been officially approved in all 50 states. Alphabet is but one of several companies that has tested drone deliveries and showcased its successful launches, but it s also highlighted possible concerns.

An announcement like this isn t usually that exciting. However, Alphabet named two companies that are actively looking at using this service, which would give the GOOGL Wing project a huge tailwind. Both Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ: WFM ) and Domino s Pizza, Inc. (NYSE: DPZ ) are considering using this service in some capacity.

While they have already declined to sign on due to concerns over the user experience, Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX ) also considered the Wing Marketplace as an optional coffee delivery system.

Delivering groceries by drone might need some work (how much weight can a drone carry and how much power will that require?). Delivering items like pizza or fast food, however, are more realistic achievements. For Dominos this represents another technological advancement.

This is a company that caught on to online ordering, mobile ordering and other technology quicker than other pizza companies. Domino s even played a hand in the world s first commercial pizza delivery by drone when its New Zealand franchise completed the task earlier this year with drone company Flirtey.

Along with Flirtey, a company backed by Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM ), competition to Google in its drone ambitions comes from Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ). Amazon Prime Air, which successfully delivered a bag of popcorn and Amazon Fire TV Stick to a customer in the United Kingdom earlier this week, leads the way in drone delivery.

As mentioned above, several companies have successfully delivered items by drone in test runs. Project Wing was one of these successful companies earlier this year when it delivered Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE: CMG ) burritos to students at Virginia Tech University. Alphabet has also been a heavy investor in small private companies in the drone sector. From 2012 to 2016, Alphabet trails only Qualcomm for amount invested in the sector for private funding.

Next Page Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Partners With QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) On IoT As the year nears its closure, QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) can sit back and take stock of its accomplishments. The company started off with the launch of two Snapdragon 8xx processors. This was considered more of a bold approach in comparison to its predecessor given that it was the first time the company was implementing Kryo cores. Almost immediately afterward the company announced the Snapdragon 835. This apparently was not enough for Qualcomm because it has now established a partnership with Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google on the Internet of Things.

It is no secret that the world is revolving around interconnected technology which is pushing manufacturers from an individualistic approach of of standalone gadgets to an era of interconnectivity.

The partnership seeks to help IoT application developers

The two tech firms have been collaborating on the creation of exciting new opportunities for developers in mobile, wearables and the IoT. An excited Jeffery Torrance, vice president, business development, Qualcomm Technologies says,  We are pleased to announce our intent to work with Google on this new initiative to expand the Android ecosystem. We anticipate many new and exciting IoT products will result as developers are able to bring the power of the Snapdragon processor together with Android Things. 

Apart from this, there is also the optimism that the move will entice more developers to the platform, which is likely to open more avenues, particularly for the Smartphone. They will also interact with familiar connectivity environments the likes of Wi-Fi and support for a wide array of Bluetooth sensors. Nonetheless, there is something for everyone given that the US chip maker is loaded with experience.

Android seems to be getting bigger and better as time passes

There is an anticipation of many other exciting IoT products according to Torrance, once developers are able to bring out the power of the Snapdragon processor. The collaboration should be able to influence a lot of fresh faces for Android Things and the Internet of Things. Apparently, Apple and Samsung are already making significant headway. In the meantime, Google retains the lion s share of the Smartphone market. Meanwhile, Qualcomm s stock closed at $66.91, a decline of $0.11 or 0.16%.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Alphabet Inc.'s Google Saved $3.6 billion In Worldwide Taxes In 2015 Alphabet Inc s Google spared $3.6 billion in overall expenses in 2015 by moving 14.9 billion Euros ($15.5 billion) to a Bermuda shell organization, new administrative filings in the Netherlands uncover.

The sum the organization moved through its Dutch backup, Google Netherlands Holdings BV, and after that on to a Bermuda letter box was 40 percent more noteworthy than in 2014, as per filings the organization made with the Dutch Chamber of Commerce on Dec. 12 and which were made accessible online Tuesday. The Dutch daily paper Het Financieele Dagblad initially reported news of the filings.

Letter set moves the main part of its non-U.S. benefits through this Dutch auxiliary, which has no representatives. The organization has utilized the Netherlands organization since 2004 as a major aspect of an assessment structure named a  Twofold Irish  and a  Dutch sandwich.  By moving the greater part of its worldwide benefits to Bermuda, the organization could lessen its viable expense rate outside the U.S. to 6.4 percent in 2015, as indicated by Alphabet s filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Google conforms to the assessment laws in each nation where we work, a Google representative claimed. In February, Google likewise said such computations of a powerful assessment rate don t mirror the strategies really used to decide its global duties in any ward.

About 12 billion Euros of the cash piped through the Dutch organization in 2015 originated from Google Ireland Limited, which gathers a large portion of Google s worldwide publicizing incomes. The rest originated from a Google auxiliary in Singapore that serves a comparable part. The Dutch organization then exchanges this cash on to Google Ireland Holdings Unlimited, which has the privilege to permit Google s protected innovation outside the U.S. That organization is situated in Bermuda, which has no corporate wage assess. The utilization of the two Irish substances is the thing that gives the structure its  Twofold Irish  moniker.

The aggregate sum of benefit Google had shielded from U.S. tax assessment, the greater part of which goes through its Dutch backup in transit to Bermuda, developed to $58.3 billion in 2015, as per Alphabet s SEC filings.

The Irish government shut the duty proviso that allowed  Twofold Irish  expense plans in 2015. Organizations as of now utilizing the structure, in any case, are permitted to keep utilizing it until the end of 2020.

Google is under weight from controllers and duty powers far and wide for not sufficiently paying expense. On Tuesday, Indonesia set a Dec. 31 due date for Google to determine a duty debate there, including a conceivable $223 million fine. Expense examiners have additionally attacked the organization s workplaces in Spain and France in the previous year.

U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has talked about conceivable changes to U.S. assess laws keeping in mind the end goal to permit American organizations to repatriate outside benefits at a one-time impose rate of 10 percent. That would wipe out a portion of the motivation U.S. organizations at present need to hold remote benefits outside the U.S. Tech firms have a portion of the biggest such stockpiles, with Apple holding $181 billion outside the U.S. what s more, Microsoft holding $94.4 billion, as indicated by their 2015 yearly SEC filings.

Although Alphabet Inc. hasn t been around for a long time it carries success. Reuters exemplifies the technological information and history with the company. Alphabet Inc., incorporated on July 23, 2015, is a holding company. The Company holds interests in Google Inc. (Google). The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. Google segment includes Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome, Google Play, and hardware products, including Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus, which are sold by the Company. The Company offers advertising solutions for businesses with a range of products across screens and devices. It delivers performance advertising and brand advertising. Its performance advertising lets its advertisers connect with users. Alphabet tried to convince Wall Street it's not just a search engine this year Google (or Alphabet, if you prefer) has long been plagued with a problem with its advertising business: while the number of ads people are clicking on has been growing, the value of those ads has been constantly dropping. Google has always excelled at showing the best ads against a search result, but that business may not last forever as the way people interact with technology starts to change rapidly.

That s all fine as long as Google can keep those clicks growing and coming along, but as we ve seen in the case of Apple s smartphone market share topping out, there are only so many eyeballs to get ads in front of people. And for now, it might be able to keep its stock price in a good place. Google has to keep padding those impressions, or get creative around the way it advertises to its users. Wall Street, as usual, is looking for growth   especially in the largest companies in the world. Apple has more or less been punished (or at least, not rewarded) for its slowing smartphone sales and so far lack of dramatic new growth engines.

And that s just what the company has been doing. This year, Google unveiled two major new hardware products: the Pixel smartphone and the voice-driven living room assistant Google Home (in addition to a few smaller launches like Google Wifi and an updated Chromecast dongle). These more or less fit into the vision of getting people to engage with Google s search engine in some active way with the hope that if Google figures out how to get it right, it ll be able to monetize it down the line.

Whether that will convince Wall Street that Google is able to get beyond the search engine by diversifying its touch points   whether that s voice, phone, VR or any other new interactive medium   is still yet to be seen. Google s core competency has always been advertising, and while it might be able to build a business on cloud services (as we ve seen with Amazon is becoming very successful) or new hardware, Google still has so much data that if it can figure out next-generation advertising products on new mediums it might have a new fantastic growth story for Wall Street.

It needed to at least show that intent to Wall Street. A healthy stock price   and also a story about innovation and looking forward   is important to keep attracting the best talent. Google s problems are some of the hardest in tech, and it needs to be able to tell a story to not only investors but prospective employees that they can work on those hard problems and also be well-compensated for doing so.

Google is trying to flex the power of its machine learning algorithms, which given the data it has may arguably be the most powerful in the world. That helps Google understand complex queries from products like the Google Assistant   and get people to stick to Google s voice interface versus Apple s. Amazon exposed latent demand for a voice-driven interface with the Amazon Echo, and Google is essentially hoping to perfect the experience.

As such, while Google has shown that its advertising business isn t so challenged, it s showing that it s already looking toward the future. And that s been largely reflected in the company s share price from Wall Street. Despite some bumps in the road, Google at the very least looks on track to hold steady or end the year up a bit from where it was around a year ago today:

All of Google s efforts to figure out what the next-generation  search  interface will be will have to eventually play out. The way it works is this: Google s paid clicks are going up, but the cost-per-click   which is the key metric Wall Street is looking at when it s looking at the health of Google s business   is still on the decline. That s because mobile ads are generally less valuable than the company s desktop search ads.

Here s a look at the decline, from the company s last earnings report:

And meanwhile, the paid clicks, also from the last earnings report:

So, if Google s core business is eventually at risk of a slowdown, or decline, where does it go from here?

Google has shown clear signs that it s trying to diversify its revenue. Perhaps the largest indicator was the hiring of Diane Green and the ramping up of its cloud services tools in an attempt to challenge Amazon, whose AWS business is rapidly becoming a huge growth engine for Amazon without the excessive costly fiscal baggage of its retail business. Amazon unveiled a huge number of updates to its AWS service earlier this year   including literally driving a truck to your office to put your info into the cloud   and Google is going to be playing catch-up for a while. But, clearly, it s trying to show Wall Street that it s more than a search engine.

There s also its increasing number of updates to its online productivity   which also puts it in competition with Microsoft. It s also competing with Microsoft through both its cloud services and productivity tools, which Microsoft will never let you forget. And Apple is rapidly trying to ramp up its own services, regularly pointing to the success of things like Apple Music, in order to show Wall Street that it isn t just a hardware company and can level the playing ground against companies looking to be a combo of hardware and software like Microsoft or google.

And that s also why there s a whole section devoted to Google s  other bets  in its earnings reports, though they haven t shown themselves to be dramatically successful yet. Google s core growth engine has been its search ads, but it s also been known for its  Google X  labs, where it experiments on anything from network fiber to balloons and self-driving cars.

Alphabet   through its CFO Ruth Porat   has been clear that it wants to be more judicious about the way it invests in these other bets. It s all fine to invest in experimental projects like Fiber and self-driving cars, but if there isn t a clear path to revenue, the company is going to have to figure out whether or not to move on to the next project and where to devote its resources. Alphabet may be one of the most valuable companies in the world, but even then it still only has so much runway and faces the constant threat from other companies emerging with experimental projects that could be runaway successes (the most obvious threat being the Amazon Echo).

If you wanted any evidence as to how absolutely tiny Google s bets are for now, here s a chart for you:

Google saw the demand that Alexa tapped, and it is now looking to essentially smash Alexa   and Siri   with its own assistant powered by machine learning. And there s a good bet it ll work. Google has collected data for years and years on how people use the Internet, what kinds of questions they ask a search engine, and where they travel around after those questions have been asked. Google at a very fundamental level has a pretty good understanding of how we tick, and every time you use its services, it gets smarter and smarter. That s why Google is constantly trying to bury its own interfaces within everything it does.

Sure, Google has a large portfolio of services that it can still throw ads up against. And that, at least for now, is something that can add a lot of value for its investors and keep the ship steady for a while. It has Gmail, with more than a billion users. It has one of the largest browsers in Chrome. In fact, it has a wide portfolio of services with a billion users or more. But those are not Google s key revenue drivers, and Google has to show that it can keep growing revenue if it s going to keep Wall Street off its back.

There s a barrier that Google still has to overcome: while it is constantly learning, refining, improving and helping its users figure out what they are looking for, it also has to do so in a manner that doesn t seem creepy. Google wants you to be constantly wired to the Internet   whether that s through your phone, your voice or the way you move throughout the physical world. Google wants to tap your experience through everything from a screen to a virtual reality experience in the case of Daydream. And the company is aggressively spending in order to expand into all of those areas.

Apple still has an ace in the hole. It s trying to roll out its own wireless earbuds that will give you Siri in your ear and, in theory, because of its proprietary technology it ll be able to control the entire experience and make it uniquely Apple-y. Like Google, Apple is trying to figure out what kind of user experience looks like beyond the phone. Alexa and Google Home are in the living room, Google Assistant is talking to your phone, but the Airpods and Siri are a sort of wild card that we don t know how it will play out yet.

In short, Google hasn t cleared the way and gotten away from its existential crises. As long as those paid clicks keep going up, it ll be able to keep the runway and hopefully figure out how to apply its strong machine learning capabilities to wherever users are drifting to next. And then once it gets people comfortable talking to, or clicking around, on their controlled user experience it can figure out how to monetize them the way it knows best   through advertisements.

Alphabet s opportunity is very big. For a moment earlier this year, Alphabet was the most valuable company in the world. In the face of slumping hardware sales, Apple clearly showed the risk that comes with focusing on a business beyond simply hardware, and that for growth it s important to have a revenue base that exists as a collection of software and hardware. That s what Google is looking for, with the unifying component being whatever search looks like after people are no longer using a search bar. And it s a new story for Wall Street that just might work.

Featured Image: Jeff Chiu/AP Apple, Google's Alphabet, Netflix Are Near Buys: Investing Action Plan Here's your Investing Action Plan for Thursday: What you need to know as an investor for the coming day.

Megacap tech stocks Apple (AAPL), Netflix (NFLX) and Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL) are closing in on buy points ahead of Hanukkah and Christmas, while Facebook (FB) continues to lag. Meanwhile, several notable economic reports are on tap.

Apple

Apple has risen for seven straight sessions as of Wednesday, approaching a 118.79 buy point. That's just above its early October peak, which is now a 52-week high. Shares pulled back from that level amid somewhat disappointing quarterly results and guidance. Selling continued for a few days after the presidential election, as investors sold big techs to buy bank and infrastructure stocks. But after finding support at the 200-day line, Apple has been rebounding.

Apple iPhone holiday sales will be important, but investors are already looking ahead to next-generation smartphone, which is expected to have more substantial changes than the iPhone 7 models.

Apple shares rose 0.1% to 117.06 on the stock market Wednesday.

Netflix

Netflix is the only member of the FANG+ stocks   Facebook, Amazon (AMZN), Netflix, Google's Alphabet, as well as Apple   that had an unambiguously positive reaction to its latest quarterly report. After gapping higher and running up for a time, Netflix pulled back, but found support above its 50-day line. It's now formed a large handle in a cup base going back a year, with a buy point of 129.39.

Netflix shares climbed 1.1% to 126.50 on Wednesday, hitting 127.74 intraday.

IBD'S TAKE: Netflix is part of the IBD Leaderboard, IBD's premium service offering annotated charts of top-rated stocks, often near buy points. Take a free Leaderboard trial to see the chipmaker, biotech, off-price retailer and miner in buy range now.

Alphabet

Google's parent has now formed a handle in its flat base pattern, which gives it a buy point of 824.40. Alphabet tested its 200-day line a few times in recent weeks, but has rebounded off that level on Dec. 5 and retook its 50-day average on Dec. 9.

Alphabet stock fell 0.4% to 812.20, closing near Wednesday's best levels.

Facebook

Facebook shows that not all big-cap tech stocks are the same. Facebook sold off sharply in early November after warning that ad revenue growth will slow "meaningfully." Then, like many other large techs, Facebook sold off following the election, dropping below its 200-day line. Facebook briefly moved above that support level in late November and mid-December, but shares have drifted just below the 200-day once again. Its Relative Strength line (see the blue line in the chart below), which tracks Facebook's performance vs. the S&P 500, is near recent lows. If Facebook retakes its 200-day, it would be in sight of its fast-falling 50-day average.

Facebook shares fell 5 cents to 119.04 on Wednesday.

Economic Data

Durable goods orders: Analysts expect a 4% decline in big-ticket manufactured goods, but a 0.2% rise excluding bookings for Boeing (BA) jets and other volatile transportation goods. Economists also will keep a close on core capital goods orders, a proxy for business investment plans. The Commerce Department will release its report at 8:30 a.m. ET.

GDP: Analysts expect a 3.3% annual rise for Q3 economic growth, up from the prior revision for a 3.2% gain. Commerce will release the GDP report at 8:30 a.m. ET.

Income and spending: Personal income and spending should rise 0.3% vs. October. Economists also will look for the report's core PCE deflator, which is the Federal Reserve's favorite inflation gauge. Commerce will release the report at 10 a.m. ET.

RELATED:

Analysts Bullish On Netflix, Alphabet

Honda, Google's Waymo In Self-Driving Tech Talks

Apple Stock Nears Buy Point On India, News On New Mac Desktops

FANG Stock Pullback A Buying Opportunity: Canaccord Genuity Honda, Alphabet's Waymo enter talks on technical collaboration of self-driving automobile technology  
2016-08-05
Google May One Day Become the Biggest Internet Provider in the US It might take decades, but Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) is serious about its fiber network expansion, which is great news for consumers. It s only a question of how long it takes to defeat the current cabal of ISPs that everybody loves to hate.

I don t know a single person who likes their internet service provider. Even if their home or office internet is very fast and reliable, just a single customer service call   or a gander at this month s bill   is usually enough to send a consumer over the edge.

Google is looking to change all that by bringing its ultra-fast fiber optic network to everyone. Or maybe not everyone, but most people. Eventually. If you live in a major city, your chances are at least pretty good that you ll get access to Google Fiber within the next ten years.

It s not that Google isn t trying hard enough to expand. More often than not, Google s hurdles are litigious rather than technical, more fighting city hall than fighting slow infrastructure.

The old guard of Comcast, AT&T, Verizon, Time Warner Cable, Cablevision, and others are doing everything possible to block Google s expansion. In Nashville, for example, AT&T and Comcast are lobbying against a bill that would allow Google to use utility poles to run its wires. AT&T even filed a lawsuit in Louisville aimed at blocking fiber.

The odds are stacked against Google, but the payoff is worth it. As Business Insider reports, the U.S. lags most other developed nations in terms of fiber availability:

With nearly 90% of the country stuck with relatively slow internet speeds, there s clearly a huge opportunity to offer consumers a better service at a lower price.

It s also worth noting that current ISPs could do what Google is doing themselves, but they won t, because they don t have to. There s so little competition in most markets for high-speed internet that they can just sit back and charge subscribers an arm and a leg for subpar service.

Here s hoping that Google Fiber finally gets to the majority of us sooner than later.

Alphabet shares closed at $806.96 on Friday, up $9.71 (+1.22%). GOOGL shares have risen 3.72% year-to-date, trailing the S&P 500 s 7% gain in the same period. Alphabet Inc: Machine Learning a Strong Catalyst for GOOG Stock By Marivic Cabural, B.A. Published : August 5, 2016

This Could Send GOOG Stock Soaring

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is the world s second-most valuable company, with approximately $538.21 billion in market capitalization. Google created Alphabet last year as its parent holding company, under a new operating structure to focus on its consolidated businesses and increase management scale.

As Larry Page explained in a blog post last year,  Alphabet is about businesses prospering through strong leaders and independence.  In other words, the CEOs running its businesses have strong management and leadership skills to drive growth and profitability. Alphabet s biggest business is Google, which is now headed by Sundar Pichai. (Source:  2015 Founders  Letter, 2015,  Alphabet Investor Relations, last accessed August 5, 2016.)

Over the years, Google has been profitable and its revenue has been growing under the leadership of its founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin. There is no doubt that their decision to create Alphabet with a new operating structure will help make Google and its other businesses more successful.

Alphabet has a strong financial and stock performance. Investing in GOOG stock means you are investing in a quality business that offers positive returns over the long term.

Here are some of the reasons for my conviction 

Alphabet s Growth Rate Is Impressive

Last week, Alphabet reported adjusted earnings of $8.42 per share in the second quarter, up from $6.99 per share in the year-ago period. The company s earnings were higher than the $8.04 per share Wall Street analysts expected. (Source:  Alphabet Announces Second Quarter 2016 Results,  Alphabet Investor Relations, July 28, 2016.)

Google s revenue increased 21% to $21.5 billion, up from $17.65 billion in the same period last year. Alphabet also beat the $20.76 billion in revenue analysts expected.

The company reported that its revenue from Google increased from $17.65 billion to $21.32 billion, while its revenue from its  Other Bets  segment increased from $74.0 million to $185 million. Other Bets includes businesses and projects such as  Calico,   Google Fiber,   Google Ventures,   Nest,   Verily,  and  X. 

Alphabet s second-quarter results showed that it is growing continuously at impressive growth rates.

GOOG Stock Forecasted to Reach $1,000 Per Share

Alphabet s strong financial performance drove GOOG stock higher by more than four percent over the past five days since July 28, when the company released its second-quarter results.

Over the past 12 months, GOOG stock traded between $565.05 per share and $789.87 per share gaining more than 23%. Obviously, the stock is going up steadily, which supports the perception that Google investors could continue to reap good returns from this investment.

Cantor Fitzgerald analyst Youssef Squali gave the most bullish prediction for the stock based on its recent quarterly performance. According to him, GOOG stock has the potential to reach $1,000 per share, an increase of approximately 23% from its trading price of $773.18 per share as of Wednesday, August 3.

In a note to investors, Squali recommended a  Buy  rating on Google stock. He explained that his recommendation was based on Alphabet s strong quarterly results, particularly the company s sustainable double-digit growth in its core search business and strong growth in display driven by YouTube/Programmatic. He also noted Alphabet s disciplined cost allocation across Google and Other Bets and its compelling valuations relative to growth prospects.

Potential Industry Disruptors: Delivery Drones and Self-Driving Cars

Alphabet s Other Bets such as  Project Wing  (delivery drones) and self-driving cars are not yet making money but they are expected to disrupt their respective industries.

The White House Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) announced new steps to promote the safe integration and innovative adoption of unmanned aircraft systems (UAS), or drones, across the country. According to the White House, Alphabet will start testing its delivery drones at one of the six FAA-sanctioned drone test sites to set the foundation for future approvals. (Source:  Harnessing the Potential of Unmanned Aircraft Systems Technology,  White House, August 2, 2016.)

In January, Project Wing head Dave Vos said drone delivery in urban areas in the United States might be possible within a few years. (Source:  Google Exec Says Delivery by Drone Possible Within a Few Years,  Bloomberg, January 11, 2016.)

Obtaining approval to operate its delivery drones would boost  Google Express,  which offers same-day and overnight delivery. The membership fee is $95.00 per year, slightly lower than an  Amazon Prime  membership.

When it comes to self-driving cars, Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat said the company s tests already reached 1.6 million miles. The company is testing its self-driving cars in Mountainview, California; Austin, Texas; Kirkland, Washington; and Phoenix, Arizona.

In May, Google partnered with Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (NYSE:FCAU) to integrate its self-driving car technology into 100  Pacifica  minivans. The partnership was intended to accelerate its autonomous car program.

In an interview with Bloomberg, IDC Research Officer Crawford Del Prete commented that there would be a real competition in self-driving cars in the future. Google s move in developing a fully autonomous car is  massively disruptive,  not only in the auto industry but all of its ancillary parts. He thinks Google is making a huge and bold bet on self-driving cars that could offer a handsome payoff.

Machine Learning: An Engine That Drives Google s Long-term Growth

Google CEO Sundar Pichai said the company s advancement in machine learning is the engine that drives the company s growth in its advertising business and other products and services today and it will continue to do so in the future.

With machine learning, the company has the unique opportunity to take big steps to generate more revenue from advertising,  Android,  YouTube, its search engine, and other businesses over the next 10 years.

Pichai also said Google is in the best position to take advantage on the shift to mobile because it can offer advertisers the best ways to reach customers. Right now, the company is already enjoying strong growth in three areas of its advertising business: mobile search, video, and programmatic.

The Bottom Line on GOOG Stock

Alphabet continues to develop new technologies, improve its products and services, and seek new opportunities for its businesses to ensure growth and profitability over the long term. In other words, the company will always be a leader in the technology industry and will have many catalysts to keep Google stock moving upward. 
2016-02-22
How New York's LinkNYC Project Will Help Alphabet Stock The LinkNYC project is replacing pay phones in New York City with free, superfast Wi-Fi kiosks called Links.

LinkNYC is a joint project of the City of New York and a consortium led by Alphabet's Sidewalk Labs.

LinkNYC will eventually be the largest and fastest public Wi-Fi network in the world and bring in large advertising revenue.

500 pay phones across New York City will be replaced with high bandwidth outdoor Wi-Fi kiosks by this summer, The Wall Street Journal reports. Mayor Bill de Blasio said 7,500 kiosks would be ready within eight or nine years through the city s LinkNYC project. The mayor, elected in 2013 with calls to address income inequality in the city, said the initiative aims to provide free broadband internet access to every New Yorker regardless of economic status.

LinkNYC kiosks are called Links. Each Link provides super fast, free public Wi-Fi within a radius of 150 meters, phone calls, device charging, a tablet for Internet browsing, access to city services, maps and directions. LinkNYC is now in beta and more than a dozen Links have already been installed along Third Avenue, giving New Yorkers an early opportunity to try out the Links.

LinkNYC is completely free for users because it s funded through advertising. According to the official website, the LinkNYC advertising network will provide brands with a rich, context-aware platform to reach New Yorkers and visitors, and generate more than half a billion dollars in revenue for New York City. Currently, ads on city phone booths generate about $40 million a year. The Link kiosks will improve on that by delivering more ads which are visually compelling to passersby and free Wi-Fi users.

LinkNYC is a joint project of the City of New York and the industrial consortium CityBridge, which includes Intersection, Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), and CIVIQ Smartscapes. Intersection, the company in charge of the overall design and implementation of the project, is owned by a consortium led by Sidewalk Labs and is the result of the merger between Control Group and Titan covered by Amigobulls in June 2015. Sidewalk Labs, an Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG) company, aims to foster the development of technology products, platforms and related infrastructure to help improve life in cities around the world.

The availability of fast and free Wi-Fi to everyone throughout the city is indeed likely to improve the quality of life of NYC's residents and visitors, as well as urban life all over the world. In fact, other cities are likely to implement similar services.

"We have a really incredible opportunity to integrate new technologies into existing infrastructure in cities that can provide benefit to cities, in terms of additional revenue, and for citizens, new services," said Dan Doctoroff, former CEO of Bloomberg LP and former deputy mayor of New York City, who serves as the CEO of Sidewalk Labs and chairman of Intersection. "There is an appetite for our product and we are going to have to work really hard to fill the demand."

Recently Intersection named former American Express President Al Kelly as its new chief executive, The Wall Street Journal reports. Kelly, who spent 23 years at American Express in roles that included heading the global consumer group, brings strong experience managing public-private partnerships to his new role. Helping cities and companies work together is a  kind of model that is going to become increasingly important as cities are looking for ways to diversify their revenue streams,  said Kelly. "We fully expect that other cities around the world will find interest in this kind of capability."

LinkNYC will eventually be the largest and fastest public Wi-Fi network in the world. "We re deploying a network that s so fast the most recent iPhone is only capable of using less than half its available speed," said Intersection s chief innovation officer Colin O Donnell in a January press briefing covered by Re/Code.

The out-of-home advertising market, which includes billboards, transit signs and other outdoor displays, is steadily growing. That revenue - estimated at half a billion dollars per year - will go to the city. But Alphabet will be able to stream Adsense ads to a huge number of users of the free and fast Wi-Fi service, first in New York City and then in other cities in the U.S. and around the world.

89 percent of Google's revenue comes from advertising, and Google Adsense is by far the most popular advertising network. Google's business model is centered around online ads, and having more people online for more time is always good for Google. Therefore, LinkNYC is likely to boost Alphabet's stock in the medium term. 
2016-08-27
Breaking: Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) is Advertising on Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ ... 

Breaking: Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) is Advertising on Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube



Breaking: Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) is Advertising on YouTube

2016-08-27

PREFACE

Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) is now advertising on Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google's YouTube.



STORY

We don't know if this is new, or old news, but Twitter Inc. advertisements are now on YouTube and that is quite odd. I went to search for Katy Perry videos -- the Twitter Inc. member with the single largest following in the world. Here's what I found:



There was a video -- it had some of Twitter's greatest moments with a back announcing narrative. It highlighted #BlackLivesMatter and several other hashtags.







It went on to also highlight the Olympics and the NBA Finals. Here are two snapshots from the video with those two narratives:











But the advertising didn't stop there. Not only was Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) in the rolling video advertisements on Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google's YouTube, but also as an old school, static, banner advertisement. Here is a snapshot, again, after I searched for a Katy Perry video:







THE NARRATIVE

The narrative of the video and the static banner advertising was, "See what's Happening," the very clever tagline that has surrounded the Twitter Inc. marketing campaign. But this goes further than smart branding. Friends, Twitter Inc. is advertising on the one social media that it actually has a partnership with.



The Alphabet Inc. Google and Twitter partnership is huge. As of the latest data, Twitter Inc. tweets now show up in more than 90% of Google searches and per Twitter's conversation with me a few months ago, the platform gets billions of impressions from Google search.



While the hype of a rumor mill is ever glowing when it surrounds Twitter Inc., actual advertising on Alphabet Inc. property seems like an odd event for a social media site. It's either brilliant, desperate, nothing in particular, or we just caught on to something that wasn't yet supposed to be seen.



Alphabet Inc. Google also has done advertising on Twitter Inc, or so I am told. My best guess is it's much ado about nothing. But my guess may be different from yours. The author is long shares of Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) and has no position in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) is now advertising on Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google's YouTube.We don't know if this is new, or old news, but Twitter Inc. advertisements are now on YouTube and that is quite odd. I went to search for Katy Perry videos -- the Twitter Inc. member with the single largest following in the world. Here's what I found:There was a video -- it had some of Twitter's greatest moments with a back announcing narrative. It highlighted #BlackLivesMatter and several other hashtags.It went on to also highlight the Olympics and the NBA Finals. Here are two snapshots from the video with those two narratives:But the advertising didn't stop there. Not only was Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) in the rolling video advertisements on Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google's YouTube, but also as an old school, static, banner advertisement. Here is a snapshot, again, after I searched for a Katy Perry video:The narrative of the video and the static banner advertising was, "See what's Happening," the very clever tagline that has surrounded the Twitter Inc. marketing campaign. But this goes further than smart branding. Friends, Twitter Inc. is advertising on the one social media that it actually has a partnership with.The Alphabet Inc. Google and Twitter partnership is huge. As of the latest data, Twitter Inc. tweets now show up in more than 90% of Google searches and per Twitter's conversation with me a few months ago, the platform gets billions of impressions from Google search.While the hype of a rumor mill is ever glowing when it surrounds Twitter Inc., actual advertising on Alphabet Inc. property seems like an odd event for a social media site. It's either brilliant, desperate, nothing in particular, or we just caught on to something that wasn't yet supposed to be seen.Alphabet Inc. Google also has done advertising on Twitter Inc, or so I am told. My best guess is it's much ado about nothing. But my guess may be different from yours. The author is long shares of Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) and has no position in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

W Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Cultural Institute and Art Project Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Cultural Institute and Art Project

What does a cultural Big Bang look like? For Amit Sood, director of Google s Cultural Institute and Art Project, it s an online platform where anyone can explore the world s greatest collections of art and artifacts in vivid, lifelike detail. Join Sood and Google artist in residence Cyril Diagne in a mind-bending demo of experiments from the Cultural Institute and glimpse the exciting future of accessibility to arts and culture.

0:11

The world is filled with incredible objects and rich cultural heritage. And when we get access to them, we are blown away, we fall in love. But most of the time, the world s population is living without real access to arts and culture. What might the connections be when we start exploring our heritage, the beautiful locations and the art in this world?

0:40

Before we get started in this presentation, I just want to take care of a few housekeeping points. First, I am no expert in art or culture. I fell into this by mistake, but I m loving it. Secondly, all of what I m going to show you belongs to the amazing museums, archives and foundations that we partner with. None of this belongs to Google. And finally, what you see behind me is available right now on your mobile phones, on your laptops.

1:12

This is our current platform, where you can explore thousands of museums and objects at your fingertips, in extremely high-definition detail. The diversity of the content is what s amazing. If we just had European paintings, if we just had modern art, I think it gets a bit boring. For example, this month, we launched the  Black History  channel with 82 curated exhibitions, which talk about arts and culture in that community. We also have some amazing objects from Japan, centered around craftsmanship, called  Made in Japan.  And one of my favorite exhibitions, which actually is the idea of my talk, is   I didn t expect to become a fan of Japanese dolls. But I am, thanks to this exhibition, that has really taught me about the craftsmanship behind the soul of a Japanese doll. Trust me, it s very exciting. Take my word for it.

2:08

So, moving on swiftly. One quick thing I wanted to showcase in this platform, which you can share with your kids and your friends right now, is you can travel to all these amazing institutions virtually, as well. One of our recent ideas was with The Guggenheim Museum in New York, where you can get a taste of what it might feel like to actually be there. You can go to the ground floor and obviously, most of you, I assume, have been there. And you can see the architectural masterpiece that it is. But imagine this accessibility for a kid in Bombay who s studying architecture, who hasn t had a chance to go to The Guggenheim as yet. You can obviously look at objects in the Guggenheim Museum, you can obviously get into them and so on and so forth. There s a lot of information here.

2:52

But this is not the purpose of my talk today. This exists right now. What we now have are the building blocks to a very exciting future, when it comes to arts and culture and accessibility to arts and culture. So I am joined today onstage by my good friend and artist in residence at our office in Paris, Cyril Diagne, who is the professor of interactive design at ECAL University in Lausanne, Switzerland. What Cyril and our team of engineers have been doing is trying to find these connections and visualize a few of these.

3:24

So I m going to go quite quick now. This object you see behind me   oh, just clarification: Always, seeing the real thing is better. In case people think I m trying to replicate the real thing. So, moving on. This object you see behind me is the Venus of Berekhat Ram. It s one of the oldest objects in the world, found in the Golan Heights around 233,000 years ago, and currently residing at the Israel Museum in Jerusalem. It is also one of the oldest objects on our platform.

3:51

So let s zoom. We start from this one object. What if we zoomed out and actually tried to experience our own cultural big bang? What might that look like? This is what we deal with on a daily basis at the Cultural Institute   over six million cultural artifacts curated and given to us by institutions, to actually make these connections. You can travel through time, you can understand more about our society through these. You can look at it from the perspective of our planet, and try to see how it might look without borders, if we just organized art and culture. We can also then plot it by time, which obviously, for the data geek in me, is very fascinating. You can spend hours looking at every decade and the contributions in that decade and in those years for art, history and cultures. We would love to spend hours showing you each and every decade, but we don t have the time right now. So you can go on your phone and actually do it yourself.

Read More on TED 
2016-11-05
GOOG Stock: New Report is Great News for Alphabet Inc This article is published in collaboration with Scutify, where you can find real-time markets and stock commentary from Robert Marcin, Cody Willard and others. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com.

Buz Investors Great News for Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) and Google stock may be ready to make a huge splash in the phone market as a new report shows "Android" phone sales dominating globally.

(NASDAQ:GOOG) and stock may be ready to make a huge splash in the phone market as a new report shows "Android" phone sales dominating globally. Eighty-eight percent of the 375 million new smartphones shipped worldwide were running an Android operating system, according to a new report from Strategy Analytics . With Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL)"iOS"

. With (NASDAQ:AAPL)"iOS" platform and Android accounting for 97.3% of the worldwide smartphone market share, Google continually looks to place its new smartphone offering, "Pixel," in opposition to Apple's "iPhone."

Great News for Alphabet Loving the Smartphone Market

Eighty-eight percent of the 375 million new smartphones shipped worldwide were running an Android operating system, according to a new report from Strategy Analytics. With Apple Inc.'s(NASDAQ:AAPL)"iOS" platform and Android accounting for 97.3% of the worldwide smartphone market share, Google continually looks to place its new smartphone offering, "Pixel," in opposition to Apple's "iPhone."

Google has released several challenges to the mainstay Apple product, including a video on "YouTube" of how to switch over to a Pixel from an iPhone, pushing for reviews comparing the two devices' high-powered cameras, and otherwise trying to provoke confrontation between the two types of smartphones, in an effort to present Pixel as the alternative to the iPhone. (Source: "#Pixel Tips: Switching from iPhone," Google Youtube channel, October 26, 2016.)

Apple's iPhones simply don't offer any models at an attractive price point for the global market, while Android phones benefit from the ability to produce affordable phones for a global audience, which accounts for their global market domination. The drawback is that, of the hundreds of manufacturers producing smartphones, many are money-losers, including big-name brands likeHTC Corporation and LG Electronics Inc. (Source: "Apple iPhone Grabs 104% Of Smartphone Industry Profit In Q3," Investors Business Daily, November 3, 2016.)

Apple, on the other hand, continues to dominate the smartphone arena in terms of profit, accounting for 103.6% of the smartphone industry's operating profits in the third quarter.

Emerging markets across the world are likely to spur growth for the foreseeable future, even if it is at a decreased rate. India and Indonesia, in particular, might be major players in the smartphone market due to their developing economies and high population growth.

This article was written by Richard Dambrosi for on .

This article published in collaboration with Scutify, the best app for traders and investors. Download the Scutify iOS App, the Scutify Android App or visit Scutify.com. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Is Not Discreet About Its Investment In Snapchat Published By: Ken Bock on November 5, 2016 08:56 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is apparently not secretive about its interests and investments. According to its venture capital arm, CapitalG s investment portfolio, the company has made an investment in the social media platform, Snapchat that Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) is intimidated from. The investment update was shown on the website with an addition of Snapchat s famous ghost logo on it.

A formal announcement is yet to be made by Google Capital which is now known as CapitalG. However, the logo on the portfolio page already shows the investment in Snapchat. Snap Inc. has refused to make any comments regarding the development. These two well known companies have had a good relationship in the past, thus this investment comes as no surprise. There were speculations back in 2013 that Alphabet attempted to buy out Snapchat for $4 billion after the social media platform refused Facebook s offer.

Snapchat has managed to gain huge popularity among audiences below ages of 25, which Facebook has failed to do. Facebook is now trying to imitate the famous camera effects by the social media platform which is a huge indication that these two companies are competing with one another.

Snapchat is one of the major users of Google Cloud service; however the social media company recently bought its very own in-house data center. The spotted logo on Google s investment portfolio might not be surprising but it is making heads roll. Google backing Snap is not just good for the social media platform, but for the search engine company too. This is because of its failure in the social media world with Google+.

There are speculations that Snap Inc is planning an IPO by 2017, March, which is important for Alphabet. The exact time of this investment being made is still unknown; neither of the parties have made any comments or given further information. 
2016-07-14
Should You Buy Alphabet Stock Now? The world's second largest company by market cap has a major problem.

Their core revenue stream is being threatened by a social media giant.

Revenue diversification is the need of the hour, and they need to move fast.

On the surface, a company that grew from a little over $10.5 million to $75 billion in a decade is a company you can t really have a gripe with. But Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG) now faces a serious problem.

The company s revenues are overly dependent on one major channel - advertising income - with more than 90% of its annual revenue being derived from that channel.

This lack of diversification may not be apparent because Google offers so many product lines. Unfortunately, the monetization of the bulk of those products only happens through advertising. Android, Google Apps for Work, YouTube Red, Google Cloud Platform and a couple of others are the only real alternative sources of income, but those numbers aren t significant enough to match ad revenues.

Competition from Facebook

On the advertising front, Google faces increasing competition from Facebook s network of advertisers. Now that Instagram and Facebook essentially operate off the same Facebook ad interface, it compounds the problem for Google.

Earlier this year Facebook announced that it had officially crossed the 3 million advertisers mark on its platform. Just over a year before that, they crossed 2 million. That means they re currently growing their advertiser base at around 50% year-over-year. Last year, Business Insider reported that Google s advertiser base could be upwards of 4 million, so they re not that far ahead of Facebook.

New Competition from Netflix, et. al.

Now that YouTube Red is online, Google has one more potential revenue stream to offset the threat to their ad business. However, Red is still unproven against monsters like Netflix, Amazon Prime Video and even HBO Now.

At Alphabet s last earnings call, Google CEO Sundar Pichai said that the six original programs they launched with was only the beginning, with more expected to be made available through the year.

While there s no doubt that Google has the budget and the global reach to promote YouTube Red effectively, it s still far too early to make assumptions about how big it will grow.

The point I m making here is that this particular revenue stream is not one that Google can afford to count on as a future growth driver - not until they see some real revenue traction and long-term gains in subscriber loyalty.

What Are The Options?

As of now, there are just a few additional revenue drivers that Google can really depend on:

Android apps revenues Google Cloud Platform Google Apps for work

I ve identified these three because they are the ones that are being actively driven forward quarter-over-quarter.

Android is obviously a big bet for them because it s almost self-perpetuating. Every new device manufacturer necessarily looks at using Android as their operating system because it s open source, it has a ton of apps on Google Play and it s well received by more than 80% of the world s smartphone market.

Source: IDC

In the graphs below, however, we can see that Google Play s downloads are far more than Apple s, but generate only about 50% of the revenue that the iOS App Store does.

Obviously, this is one area that Google can really push hard in, and they re already incentivizing developers more than ever before. They ve recently launched an Android Skilling Program in India to train 2 million developers on Android dev skills over the next three years.

In addition, they recently announced a change in the revenue split for app subscriptions, moving from the current 70/30 to 85/15 in favor of the developer - similar to Apple, but with an earlier start.

The intention is to lure more developers into the Android fold in a growing mobile app market that s set to break the $100 billion barrier in the next 5 years.

Source: App Annie

Google Cloud Platform (GCP) is another area they can take advantage of but have been slow in. Despite being one of the four top cloud providers, their quarterly revenue from the cloud is still under $1 billion - less than half what the others are reporting.

From their Q1 earnings call:

 Justin Post - Bank of America Merrill Lynch

Sundar, could you talk about the cloud, why really get more aggressive now? We've been riding on it for many years, and just wondering why now really ramping up the investment? And how would you characterize the margins or the returns on capital in that business? Why is that interesting for you?

Sundar Pichai - Chief Executive Officer, Google, Inc.

Just on the first one, I would say there are three points of inflection for us, and that's why we are really ramping it up. The first is we've always been doing cloud. It's just that we were consuming it all internally at Google, but as we have grown, really matured in terms of how we handle our data center investments and how we can do this at scale, we have definitely crossed over to the other side where we can thoughtfully serve external customers. So that's the first point of inflection.

The second point of inflection for us is as we've been investing in machine learning and AI for years, but I think we are at an exceptionally interesting tipping point where these technologies are really taking off. And that is very, very applicable to businesses as well, and so thoughtfully doing that externally, we view as a big differentiator we have over others.

And third, is definitely Diane Greene coming in. And I think I wanted to scale our efforts here thoughtfully when it is set up with a great leader who understands this space deeply. And so those are the three main reasons why we are significantly ramping up what we are doing there. 

And all of this is happening against a background of aggressive planned datacenter growth and acquisition of seemingly random clients like Apple and Home Depot. They ve now planned to acquire Anvato, a video streaming platform that has clients such as Oprah Winfrey Network and Fox Sports.

Google is still unclear about its cloud strategy and is overly dependent on what Diane Greene can or cannot accomplish for their cloud business. They need a lot more direction than that.

Google Apps is the third straight arrow in their quiver, but they ve lost the No. 3 position there as well, having been ousted by Office 365 racing to the top spot and beating everyone including former No. 1 Salesforce.com.

Source: Businessinsider

But the fourth place doesn t necessarily mean they ve lost the game. They just need to step harder on the gas to get Google Apps to a higher yield.

The Investment Case: Where are you with GOOG?

So Google does have problems; that much is clear.

For now, I can only recommend a HOLD on Google stock. The variables are too many and the uncertainty factor is high. What I do know is that if their ad revenues do start to take major hits over the next few quarters, it s time for them to reassess their priorities and re-strategize for the future.

What they need right now is some serious revenue diversification, and I m not sure anyone knows how they will accomplish that, or when. EU antitrust regulators open third front against Google The Google logo adrons the entrance of Google Germany headquarters in Hamburg, Germany July 11, 2016. REUTERS/Morris Mac Matzen

BRUSSELS EU regulators have brought a third antitrust charge against Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL.O) Google, accusing it of blocking rivals in online search advertising, a move that raises the pressure on the company to modify its practices or face hefty fines.

The European Commission on Thursday also reinforced anexisting charge against the world's most popular Internet search engine that its search results favour Google's own shopping service over those of rivals.

"Google has come up with many innovative products that have made a difference to our lives. But that doesn't give Google the right to deny other companies the chance to compete and innovate," European Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestagertold a news conference in Brussels.

The Commission said it had sent two charge sheets known as"statements of objections" to Google.

The first accuses Google of having abused its 80 percent market share in the placement of search advertising on third party websites.

This relates to Google's "Aden's for Search" platform, inwhich Google acts as an intermediary for websites such as thoseof online retailers, telecoms operators or newspapers, withsearches producing results that include search ads.

"We have also raised concerns that Google has hindered competition by limiting the ability of its competitors to place search adverts on third-party websites, which stifles consumer choice and innovation," Vestager said.

The second accusation, which built on a charge sheet sent toGoogle in April last year, rejected the company's claim that the watchdog had failed to take into account competition from online retailers Amazon (AMZN.O) and eBay (EBAY.O).

Google has 10 weeks to respond to the Aden's charge and eight weeks to the shopping service case.

The company could face fines up to 10 percent of its global turnover for each case if found guilty of breaching the bloc's antitrust rules.

Google said it believed its innovations had increased choice for European consumers and promoted competition.

"We'll examine the Commission's renewed cases and provide detailed response in the coming weeks," a Google spokesman said.

U.S. CONCERNS

British price comparison site Foundem, whose complaint triggered the EU investigation, urged the Commission to take speedy action.

"We are concerned that if it does not act conclusively inthe near future there may be little competition left toprotect," Foundem CEO Shivaun Raff said in a statement.

Lobbying group Fair Search, whose members Expedia (EXPE.O)and TripAdvisor (TRIP.O) complained about Google, said the issues global.

"At stake is fair competition across Europe and beyond, because the on-line market and innovation are global,"FairSearch lawyer Thomas Vinje said in an email.

The EU's pursuit of Google, along with probes into other U.S. multinationals over tax issues and control of personal data, has caused irritation in Washington, with President Barack Obama last year accusing Europe of veering toward protectionism.

Vestager, a former Danish economy minister who took over asthe EU's powerful antitrust commissioner in late 2014, insists she is simply applying the law and promoting free competition.

Google's AdWords and Aden's programmes have been on the Commission's radar since 2010, under Vestager's predecessor, after rivals complained about unfair advertising exclusivity clauses and undue restrictions on other advertisers.

They form the core of Google's business which posted about$75 billion in revenue last year, generating 90 percent ofAlphabet's total annual revenue.

The latest round of charges underscores the European Commission s commitment to the case and signals that serious penalties against Google are likely, said Albert Foer, a senior fellow at the American Antitrust Institute.

 My sense is that we are talking about something more substantial than a slap on the wrist, and also that s why this has been going on for so long,  he said.

The investigation has been dragging on for so long that more serious action will be needed to restore competition in the market, said Gary Reback, an of counsel at Carr & Ferrell LLP, who represents complainants in the EU case.

 If you step in rapidly, you can take a rifle shot, you can make a surgical incision and stop the bad behavior before it causes enormous harm,  he said. Now, he said,  just stopping the harm is not good enough. 

Enough competition remains that rivals could step in to deliver ads alongside search results on third party sites, Reback said. But there are few European alternatives for comparison shopping, he added.

(Additional reporting by Julia Fioretti, Phil Blenkinsop and Julia Love) Alphabet Inc Google Nexus Rumors: Two HTC Nexus Smartphones And Smartwatches ... Published By: Ken Bock on July 14, 2016 07:43 am EST

According to numerous reports, it is now clear that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is planning to release two new Nexus branded smartphones later this year. Rumors indicate that HTC will be manufacturing the latest Nexus devices and leaked images give us an idea of what the new devices will look like. However, new reports indicate that the tech giant is also planning to release two Nexus branded smartwatches alongside the latest flagship smartphones.

It was reported by Android Police that Google is planning to release two new smartwatches alongside the two Nexus devices which have been codenamed Sailfish and Marlin. The smartwatches will be released under the Nexus moniker, and will be offered in two different sizes, with each variant carrying different features. The larger model is expected to be very similar in terms of design to the Moto 360 and will come with LTE support, a GPS chip and a heart rate sensor. The smaller model will not support data connectivity or GPS but will feature a heart rate sensor.

The report stated that it is not yet known what Google plans on calling the new Nexus smartwatches and the specs for the new devices are still unknown. However, more details have emerged about the Nexus smartphones. The Marlin variant is expected to be a successor to the LG Nexus 5x, while the Sailfish variant is expected to be a completely new flagship device.

Rumors claim that the Sailfish variant will be powered by the Snapdragon 821 chipset with 4GB of RAM to support the new processor. The device will be offered in 32GB or 64GB of storage and will sport a 5 inch full HD display. The Marlin variant is expected to feature a 5.5inch QUAD HD display and will also have the Snapdragon 821 chipset with 4GB of RAM.

Reports indicate that Google is planning to unveil the new devices at the company s event next month, though Google is yet to confirm if the reports are true. Nest launches outdoor security camera and updated app  EU commission slated to file additional formal charges against Google- WSJ, citing sources  
2016-04-04
Better Buy: Facebook Inc. vs. Alphabet Inc. When it comes to "high conviction" stocks, there are no two companies higher on my list than Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) -- better known as Google. Both founder-led companies are incredibly successful, with milewide moats surrounding their businesses and a vision for the future that goes far beyond just making a profit.

That's why these two, combined, account for almost 25% of my family's real-life stock holdings. It's also why I think determining which stock is a "better buy" is extremely difficult. To try to make the task a little easier, I'll be viewing both companies through three different microscopes -- and looking to see if there's a clear winner.

Financial fortitude

This is often the most boring metric to watch. Having money in the bank is nice, but a lot of investors want to know how that money will grow.

Thankfully, CEOs of great companies know the value of cash in the bank and low debt levels. When times get tough, those with tons of debt are fragile -- often at the whim of creditors or credit markets, and can sometimes be forced to declare bankruptcy. Those with lots of cash can actually view tough financial times as a boon -- they don't have to worry about paying the bills, and can oftentimes make smart acquisitions or outspend competitors to expand their market share.

Here's how Facebook and Alphabet stack up in metrics of financial fortitude.

Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Facebook $18 B $315 M $3.7 B $6.1 B Alphabet $72 B $7.6 B $15.8 B $16.1 B

Investors in neither company need be worried -- these are astoundingly healthy cash machines, with relatively low levels of debt.

But if I had to declare a winner, it would be Alphabet. While it is valued at about 60% more than Facebook, Alphabet's cash hoard, net income, and free cash flow are all between double and quadruple that of Facebook.

Winner = Alphabet

Valuation

Next on the list is valuation -- a lens that would leave both of these companies off of the list for many conservative investors. Indeed, while the S&P 500 trades for roughly 23 times earnings, both of these companies sport price tags above this benchmark.

But the P/E metric is but one of four that are at least worth considering when determining a stock's value. On this front, here's how the two compare.

P/E P/FCF P/S PEG Ratio Facebook 50 55 18 1.1 Alphabet 26 32 7 1.3

On the first three metrics, Alphabet appears to clearly be the cheaper stock. But the last metric measures one's P/E versus the amount of growth that it is expected to produce in the years to come. And on that front, Facebook actually appears cheaper.

Why is that? Primarily, Facebook has shown itself to be a mobile advertising king -- which has helped the company grow revenue far faster than anyone would have thought when it went public in 2012. In fact, compare revenue and earnings growth for the two companies over the past four years.

Given that both of these companies stand to benefit from a huge shift toward mobile ad dollars, and the speed at which Facebook is currently growing, I think this one is essentially a draw.

Winner = Tie

Sustainable competitive advantages

In my nine years as an investor, there's no single thing that's correlated more closely with the performance of my holdings than the strength of the competitive advantages that the underlying companies held. While there's no such thing as an infinitely sustainable competitive advantage, some are stronger than others.

For these two, the most potent of all competitive advantages is at play: the network effect. With each new user of Google or Facebook, each company is able to add more data to its troves -- which makes their advertising propositions explode. But each new user also motivates other users to join (what would be the point of Facebook if no one else was on it?), which creates a very virtuous cycle.

So which sustainable competitive advantage is the strongest? Well, I don't think it's possible to unseat Facebook as the king of social media. Google actually tried with Google+, but that hasn't moved the needle. And with WhatsApp, Instagram, and Oculus Rift on the verge of becoming even larger revenue producers, I think Facebook's moat is very wide.

The same holds true for Google, which has a suite of products with over 1 billion users: Google search, YouTube, Maps, Gmail, Android, and Chrome, to name a few. Famed investor Charlie Munger once said that Google has one of the widest moats he's ever seen -- and it's hard to argue with that.

But in an effort to end this battle royale in a tie, I'm going to give the edge to Facebook. Here's my reasoning: While Google has tried and shown it can't touch Facebook, I still think it's within the realm of possibility -- a slight one, mind you, but a possibility nonetheless -- that Facebook could figure out a way to offer a search product that bypasses Google.

Winner = Facebook

So there you have it: Both of these are excellent companies that just about any investor should consider adding to their portfolio. The shift of advertising dollars from print media toward desktop and mobile is enormous, and no two companies stand to benefit more than Alphabet and Google. At the end of the day, they're both worthy of your consideration. Nest's Problems Point to a Broader Lesson for Alphabet Inc. As the saying goes, not all that glitters is gold, a maxim Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) would do well to remember.

To be sure, Alphabet, formerly Google, has built one of the most dominant franchises in technology today, perhaps ever, and the returns to shareholders have since its 2005 IPO have been equally impressive.

However, Google's 2015 reorganization into the holding company Alphabet signaled a change in the company's long-term strategy, one under which growth is predicated not just on the continued dominance of its search business, but also on the success of its multifaceted moonshots. However, as recent news reflects, it's far from certain how much success Alphabet can expect from its so-called "Other Bets" -- the catch-all reporting term Alphabet uses for its collection of high-potential start-ups.

Dissension in the ranks

In late March, an article published by The Information detailed the current messy state of affairs at Alphabet's Nest subsidiary, which Alphabet acquired for a stunning $3.2 billion in January 2014 . Though the long-form piece details the troubles at Nest in great detail, the firm's purported problems can be distilled down to a single, pervasive issue: Nest CEO Tony Fadell.

Much of the article focuses on the internal turmoil that resulted from Nest's acquisition of security camera start-up Dropcam for $555 million in June 2014. According to the reporting, the Dropcam merger and its integration into Nest's long-term business plan devolved into a protracted affair that exposed broader issues with Fadell's combative managerial style.

Reminiscent of the one-time tyrannical management style of Steve Jobs, under whom Fadell rose to fame by leading the division that developed the iPod, The Information's article portrays a business hijacked by its founder's detailed, but ultimately detrimental, whims. Fadell reportedly filp-flopped on key strategic planning decisions and, in some interviewees' opinions, unnecessarily labored over adding new features and improving product designs to the point of inertia. Unfortunately for Alphabet investors, revelations about this turmoil come at a time when the parent company is putting greater pressure on subsidiaries like Nest to begin to deliver tangible results, rather than operate on promise alone.

Put up or shut up

The publication of the Nest expos  comes at a time of greater conflict at two more Other Bets. Reports of similar culture clashes at Boston Dynamics, a robotics firm, and Verily, Alphabet's life sciences start-up, have also surfaced in recent weeks.

According to Fadell, "The fiscal discipline era has now descended upon everything." From an investor's perspective though, this should seem like welcome news, since it appears Nest could use a hefty dose of discipline, managerial and otherwise. Nest reportedly badly missed its 2014 sales targets, and it has yet to launch a new piece of hardware since its 2014 acquisition, though the company claims it has plans to.

More broadly though, this tension speaks to the challenges and headaches that Alphabet investors will have to endure as the parent company attempts to nurture its start-ups into viable, going concerns in their own rights. The evolutionary process there -- as it is for all businesses -- is clearly messy. And costly: Alphabet's fiscal 2015, the first year in which it detailed Other Bets' performance, saw the eight start-up segment produce a $3.5 billion operating loss on revenue of $448 million. Such a state of affairs, though typical of high growth start-ups, cannot continue indefinitely.

Most importantly, the tensions at Boston Dynamics, Verily, and now Nest should serve as cautionary tales to remind investors that many, if not all, of Alphabet's Other Bets may not pan out as hoped. This could leave Alphabet shareholders footing the bill for the equivalent of several very large and very messy science experiments, with little to show for it. 
2016-03-16
Will Google Buy Twitter? Earlier this week, I read an interesting article that suggested Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) could be preparing to buy Twitter (NYSE:TWTR). While I have had mixed feelings on a potential deal in the past, suddenly it doesn't seem so crazy. Google could certainly use Twitter to jump into social, while Twitter can save some face by getting shareholders out at a much higher than current price.

Source: "we are social" in article linked above

The above-linked article discusses multiple strategic initiatives over the past year between Google and Twitter, focusing on user and advertiser improvements. This will allow Twitter to be more successful on the advertising front, while Google gets its foot in a market projected to have almost 2.5 billion users by 2018. Google needs to look more to the future. Social is the one area where Google can improve (see Google Plus), so why not buy one of the established businesses in the space? It's probably a better idea than trying to build your own platform from scratch, or trying to make a smaller name work and then fail, like Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) did with Tumblr.

Perhaps the most interesting aspect of a deal would be in regards to Periscope. Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey discussed on the Q4 conference call trying to scale the service, while Google has an established video platform already in YouTube. While Twitter monthly active users have hit a speed bump, Periscope users continue to soar. Given the growth in the live video platform, you could make a case that Periscope itself could be worth in the billions over the next couple of years.

Financially, this makes sense on a number of fronts. First, Google has been looking to make acquisitions in the past, and the company has plenty of cash to do so. Twitter closed Tuesday with a market cap of just over $11 billion, which comes down to about $9 billion when you exclude cash/debt on hand. A purchase price of $15 billion would only take up about half of the US cash Google reported in its 10-K filing. The company might even decide to use some debt given historically low interest rates.

In terms of growth, the much smaller Twitter is obviously growing much faster currently. Twitter's revenue growth this year is projected to be more than double that of Google. For those that would worry about Google's revenue growth slowing towards the high-single digits or low-double digits in the next couple of years, Twitter would help alleviate those fears.

The deal would fit perfectly into Google's reporting structure as well. Everyone focuses on Google's non-GAAP earnings per share, which exclude items like stock-based compensation. While Twitter reported a GAAP loss of more than $521 million last year, stock-based compensation was more than $682 million. Twitter's non-GAAP net income was actually a positive $276 million according to its Q4 investor letter. As I've detailed in the past, Google's GAAP numbers have not shown a lot of progress in recent years, and this deal would continue that trend. However, since everyone is mostly focusing on the non-GAAP numbers, Twitter's addition to both revenues and non-GAAP EPS would actually help the situation.

On the other hand, a deal makes sense for Twitter. If Google offers roughly $25 a share (the $15 billion ex-cash discussed above), Twitter shareholders could sell at a price not seen since December. Additionally, most Street targets say the stock is only worth about $20 currently, so Twitter gets a good deal. Finally, Jack Dorsey could go back to running Square (NYSE:SQ) on a full-time basis, rather than have his time split between two companies.

With Twitter shares trading in the mid-teens, perhaps it is time to explore the option of a sale. Google has the cash to make this happen and could certainly use a major boost in the social media space. The Twitter segment would do a lot better, thanks to Google's advertising prowess, and Twitter shareholders could get out at a decent price. Financially, the deal would help Google on the top and bottom line, especially since most of Twitter's GAAP losses would be excluded in non-GAAP results.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Investors are always reminded that before making any investment, you should do your own proper due diligence on any name directly or indirectly mentioned in this article. Investors should also consider seeking advice from a broker or financial adviser before making any investment decisions. Any material in this article should be considered general information, and not relied on as a formal investment recommendation. 
2016-12-22
Why Alphabet, Inc. Won't Be Marketing Its Own Self-Driving Car Self-driving car technology is looking more and more like an inevitability with each passing month.

In this clip from the Industry Focus: Tech podcast, Motley Fool analyst Dylan Lewis and contributor Daniel Sparks explain what Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) subsidiary Waymo has said so far in regards to monetizing autonomous cars (and autonomous car technology), and how realistic the company's plans are.

A full transcript follows the video.

This podcast was recorded on Dec. 16, 2016.

Dylan Lewis: One of the other things we got some color on regarding Google's self-driving car project, I guess I should be calling it Waymo now, is exactly how they plan to monetize self-driving car technology. This is something that's been kind of up in the air for a while. At times, they've talked about not wanting to be a car manufacturer, but it's hard to take them at face value there, because they're looking to obscure this as much as possible. You want to talk a little bit about what we got in terms of commentary there?

Daniel Sparks: Yeah, that was one of the big takeaways when they were coming out with this Waymo announcement. There was some speculation that Alphabet could be working on its own Google-branded car. While they might not actually have thought of planning of manufacturing it, as they do with their hardware products, they often outsource the manufacturing and then slap that brand on, similar to the way Apple does with Foxconn, but, there was some speculation that they could try to be working on some Google-branded car, and we have seen their cars with no steering wheel, their ambitious vision of a totally autonomous driving experience. There has been some speculation in the past that they would be planning to bring a larger fleet of those to the market. But the CEO of Waymo, John Krafcik -- I think that's how you pronounce it?

Lewis: I think it's pronounced another way, but I'm not sure. I've only seen it and writing, I have not heard it said. I understand how neither of us are totally sure.

Sparks: OK, that sounds better, we'll go with that. We'll just call him John today. John, he emphasized that they're not trying to turn into a car business, but rather wanting to focus on the technology behind the cars, and basically, Waymo's mission to make driving autonomous, to make it safer, and, as in their name, really focus on the mobility. I think this is a good move. This is something that Alphabet has succeeded at in the past by really focusing on software and gathering data -- because, essentially, that's the company's core mission, to organize data. So, by doing this, I'm actually more bullish on the segment by seeing that they're really going to focus on their core competencies with it. And maybe similar to the way Alphabet tries to add in Google-branded hardware later on with Android, maybe they'll do a similar things with cars by trying to bring in Google-branded cars later on after they've really developed and honed in on their expertise and the autonomous area of the technology. Google introducing flagship smartwatches in Q1 2017  
2016-06-15
Alphabet Inc. Fiber May Dominate Internet Connectivity 

Alphabet Inc. Fiber May Dominate Internet Connectivity





Alphabet Inc. Fiber

P

"

Google Fiber is a broadband Internet and cable television network that is slowly growing to a number of locations, but currently is only provided in mid-sized cities.

" Source: TheStreet.com Google Fiber is a broadband Internet and cable television network that is slowly growing to a number of locations, but currently is only provided in mid-sized cities.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) dominates the digital advertising landscape driven primarily its Google Search. But the company is pursuing so many other transformational themes it's almost impossible to keep track of.The company has a booming e-commerce business that will soon compete with Amazon.com. It has announced a new social media network to compete with Facebook , it's pushing full throttle on the technology behind artificial super intelligence and self-driving cars. It's pursuing virtual reality with Google Dream.Alphabet is even pursuing a connected home with Google Home and a further push into artificial intelligence with "Tango." It's pushing the envelope with the fastest growing segment of media in the world, which is online video. YouTube has more viewers aged 18-49 on mobile alone than any U.S. broadcast or cable network.That's an exhausting list, but now we have one more to add. Alphabet aims to be the largest high speed Internet provider in the United States with Google Fiber.Google has its 1 gigabyte per second fiber high speed Internet service called Fiber running in 22 cities in the United States, charging $70 per month for service which can be lower than current cable Internet connections. While it's the story hidden in plain sight, Alphabet is pushing forward to turn the connectivity business into a giant segment of Google in and of itself.We caught news on June 14th that Alphabet is looking to expand Google Fiber into Dallas, Texas. This city, in particular, is out of the ordinary because its Google's first move into a large city where it will compete directly with large cable networks. Of course, this goes beyond a city -- this is the beginning of Google taking Fiber to prime time. After the Dallas expansion, watch for Alphabet to look at Los Angeles and Chicago -- two cities that have been hinted at before by the firm.By the time GOOGL goes that far, the stock market will notice that there are 281 million Internet users in the United States which marks a 88% penetration. Of those people, over 56 million have a cable Internet connection. Here's the chart from our friends at Statista:As that number approaches 60 million, the addressable market for Alphabet reaches nearly $50 billion in annual sales. Obviously GOOGL will not own the entire market, but even a piece of that segment is not trivial to Alphabet's total revenue base of $75 billion in the last year. Google Stock: You Won't Believe Which Firm Alphabet Inc Could Buy Next By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : June 15, 2016

This Could Be Alphabet Inc s Next Target

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), which my friends prefer to call Google, has lost about 5.6% year-to-date. That s quite a bit considering the entry price for admission to Google stock is in the range of $700.00 per share. But, while the company is working on a number of projects, not the least of which is one of the most advanced driverless technology platforms, it needs something special to draw attention from investors.

Google stock, while down this year, has actually been trading in its highest range ever. If it is in the doldrums it s only because just before the end of 2015, it closed at an all-time record-high of $776.60 per share. Yesterday, Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), which is encroaching ever more on Google s business space, announced it was buying LinkedIn Corp (NYSE:LNKD) for more than $26.0 billion. That is certainly a lot of money for a site full of unemployed people searching for  new challenges. 

Sponsored Advertising Content: TRIPLE YOUR MONEY IN A MONTH?

Indeed, Microsoft s LinkedIn shopping spree will put more pressure on Google stock in the coming weeks. Google must do something to win back some attention. It needs a high-profile target that s trading at a low price, which still guarantees Silicon Valley street cred. Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) presents the ideal opportunity.

Google would be smart to acquire Twitter; there have been rumors circulating about this very possibility. For starters, the market has long sensed that Twitter stock could resolve its woes through a major acquisition. Not surprisingly, Twitter stock rose as much as eight percent on June 13 simply on the hope generated by Microsoft s purchase of LinkedIn that Twitter could be next. In the summer of 2015, there were rumors that Google and Twitter even held discussions about an acquisition, which then failed due to concerns of breaching antitrust rules. (Source:  Google buying Twitter would be like Microsoft buying Yahoo,  Business Insider, April 7, 2015.)

But the fact that Microsoft has taken LinkedIn has revived the Google-Twitter chatter. Google would promptly gain a major social media foothold. Indeed, Google s current community or social media platform,  Google+,  has failed to make any dent in Facebook s arrogant domination of the social media space. Twitter could also be quite interesting in the development of its information service ( Google News ), leveraging trends in real time. It would make tweeting news even easier.

The question is whether Google, which has significant financial resources, can agree to spend $10.0 billion, which is still an astronomical sum, to purchase Twitter. Last summer, when the rumors of a Google-Twitter coupling were building, Twitter was worth much more as much as $33.0 billion at one point. The fact that Microsoft paid more than $26.0 billion for LinkedIn makes Twitter, whose synergies with Google are easier to perceive, a bargain.

Moreover, in 2010, the American press spoke of contacts between the two companies. Google offered some $4.0 billion to take control of the micro-blogging site. (Source:  Here s Why Google Needs To Buy Twitter Immediately,  Newser, September 30, 2010.) No doubt this price is historical at best, given the cultural, if not financial, impact that Twitter has enjoyed.

Twitter shareholders are certainly hopeful that Google can come to their rescue. Just a few weeks ago,  Snapchat  said it had 150 million users, which is 10 million more than Twitter has. This has put the latter at a disadvantage in fighting to stem the stagnation in user growth despite new features and various attempts to improve the site that have so far fallen flat.

Meanwhile, the fact that Verizon could soon be acquiring Yahoo s main Internet properties to enhance and complement its AOL assets also puts pressure on Google to make a move for Twitter. It simply needs to acquire a major social media brand in order to compete with the various players snapping up the popular tech stocks that are trading at record-lows. If Google doesn t buy Twitter, another company like Apple Inc. will. At its current price, Twitter is a bargain that Google should remove from the market, if only to make sure no other company gets ahold of such a powerful social media tool.

Let s put it this way: if Google doesn t buy Twitter, Sundar Pichai, Google s CEO, will not snooze well for the next foreseeable afternoons to come. 
2016-02-03
Alphabet Inc. and BlackBerry Ltd.: A Perfect Match for Growth Something interesting happened this week. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) has dethroned Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) as the world s most valuable company by market cap. This is the first time that Alphabet has been worth more than Apple since 2010, a time that pre-dates the iPad. Why is this important? Apple has been king of the hill for quite a while now, and for good reason. The devices the company has released are, for the most part, described as immaculate pieces of art. The software is, again, for the most part, what reviewers have come to love and call buttery-smooth. The company has also set the 

I consent to receiving information from The Motley Fool via email, direct mail, and occasional special offer phone calls. I understand I can unsubscribe from these updates at any time. Please read the Privacy Statement and Terms of Service for more information.

Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Also receive a free Email Newsletter from the Motley Fool. (You may unsubscribe any time.)

Something interesting happened this week. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) has dethroned Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) as the world s most valuable company by market cap. This is the first time that Alphabet has been worth more than Apple since 2010, a time that pre-dates the iPad.

Why is this important?

Apple has been king of the hill for quite a while now, and for good reason. The devices the company has released are, for the most part, described as immaculate pieces of art. The software is, again, for the most part, what reviewers have come to love and call buttery-smooth.

The company has also set the stage in terms of leading the industry in the adoption of different technology, from touchscreens to tablets, fingerprint readers, and more recently, to wearable technology. Apple didn t invent any of these technologies; they merely implemented and sold to the public its version of these technologies.

When you re the biggest company on the planet, what you accept, adopt, or change will likely trickle down to other companies as the best practices. This is what makes Alphabet s takeover as the world s most valuable company so significant. Alphabet doesn t have the walled garden and strict controls that Apple has.

With Alphabet now taking the reins from Apple, Android development can only accelerate into new realms that Apple was either reluctant or slow moving to get to.

The BlackBerry connection

The newcomer to the list of companies adopting Android OS handsets is BlackBerry Ltd. (TSX:BB)(NASDAQ:BBRY). After disappointing adoption rates for the company s secure BB10 platform, the company launched the Android-powered Priv device late last year to positive reviews.

The Priv was BlackBerry s answer (or at least the start of it) to Android s well-documented security woes. Included with the device were a number of BlackBerry-specific applications that were geared to enhance both the security and productivity of the user.

BlackBerry needed a Hail Mary from the Priv and, judging by the response, it was successful.

The device is a modern, fresh take on the typical Android slab the market has been littered with. The components of the device are both high quality and relevant in terms of technology, which was always a concern in prior devices. And finally, BlackBerry has pledged to patch the Android software on the device through monthly updates, which the company has adhered to the latest of which dropped earlier this week to devices as an update.

BlackBerry has several more Android devices slated to launch in 2016, solidifying the transition to Android as being not just a one-time event, but a colossal shift in strategy for the company.

What does this mean? BlackBerry has basically found its niche as an Android professional.

Alphabet is well known to branch out into other projects. The Internet of Things (IoT) is a trillion dollar industry of inter-connected devices. Alphabet and a host of other companies are actively pursuing this vision.

This is welcome news to BlackBerry, which is an IoT leader. The company s QNX system is already used in a majority of vehicle infotainment systems, and BlackBerry already has the global infrastructure to handle communications between devices securely.

Given the company s focus on and experience in security, BlackBerry s emergence as a premium Android partner with IoT integration is not as far-fetched a concept as it would have been just a few months ago.

BlackBerry s patching of Android and its strong position in the IoT market suggests that not only will BlackBerry survive the transition in becoming a premium Android-device manufacturer, but it will be a leader in the IoT market. The long-term growth potential for BlackBerry in this new niche should not be underestimated. Apple Is #2  Verizon Communications Inc (VZ) and Google in Cloud Alliance Talks: Rumor Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) and Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOG) subsidiary Google are rumored to be in talks over the possibility of creating a strategic alliance that will see the two companies jointly develop hybrid cloud services.

The news first appeared on tech website CRN.

Though the framework of the alliance is vague, Verizon wants to roll out its own branded hybrid cloud product that will be hosted on Google s public cloud. In the words of a longtime Verizon insider, it can be viewed as being a  Google cloud with a Verizon wrapper .

Hybrid cloud is a tech jargon that refers to a combination of public and private cloud infrastructure. It is currently in rave with companies that are comfortable with keeping part of their data in their own data centers.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Deal Beneficial to Both Parties

What isn t clear is whether channel partners would be involved in reaching out to potential customers or how the resultant product will be sold.

None of the spokespersons at both Google and Verizon responded to requests for comment on the rumors.

However, parties from both sides who are unaware of the alliance say the partnership would push the both companies  cloud business further.

 Google has the cloud, and Verizon has a network that is far superior to anyone else s, and which can be used to manage the entire infrastructure,  an unnamed Verizon partner told CRN.

Moreover, Google will ideally access Verizon s large enterprise customer base as part of the partnership, an undisclosed company that deals with both vendors said.

Google wants to convince major companies to use its Google Cloud Platform as it seeks to dislodge Amazon and Microsoft from their top perch in the global enterprise cloud market hierarchy. In November, the company appointed VMware founder Diane Greene to the role of senior VP in charge of its enterprise business. This gives her the chance to spearhead the development of Google for Work, Google Apps and Cloud Platform.

Verizon Seeks to Downsize Data Centers

Verizon, which wants to downscale its Terremark data center segment, will conveniently compete in the public cloud business without the associated infrastructure costs.

Last month, Verizon called for offers of purchase of its 48 data centers, an exercise that will see it fetch $2.5 billion.

Verizon acquired Terremark in 2011, accessing a VMware-compatible public cloud infrastructure, before it revamped the service two years later that is based on Xan and CloudStack technology.

The revamped service, launched in 2014 as Verizon Cloud, was meant to challenge market titans such as Microsoft s Azure line and Amazon s Amazon Web Services. Initially, the focus was on provision of private cloud services for companies.

Though Google has one the biggest cloud infrastructure around, it has been slow to provide such services itself. However, Greene is focused on driving the company there if her comments to Re/code are anything to go by. Qualcomm/ARM outperform, Intel underperforms after Google server report  Google Faces Lawsuit Over California Student Privacy Violations Four UC Berkeley students and alumni have filed a lawsuit against Alphabet Inc., claiming that their university-issued Gmail accounts were unlawfully scanned and used by the tech giant.

The suit alleges that starting from November 2010 and continuing through March 2014, Google selected certain Gmail accounts for analyzing, boosting and tracking purposes for its Apps for Education, a collection of online tools and services that include Google Drive and Google Mail.

The Corley et al v. Google case accuses the University of California, Berkeley, of targeted data mining. The privacy violations could affect not only Cal Berkeley, but also millions of former students from universities nationwide.

Google has started scanning my emails for things to add to my calendar. I didn't ask for that. 2016 is the year of de-Googling my company IT   Martin Geddes (@martingeddes) November 29, 2015

Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, has not denied the allegations, with representative William Fitzgerald stating that his employer does not comment on pending litigations. 
2016-09-10
Google Stock: Can Alphabet Inc Finally Take Down Amazon? By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : September 10, 2016

Is GOOG Stock About to Surge?

There s a new clash of the titans in the technology sector which pits Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) in an epic face-off with Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Although Amazon currently has the lead, I suspect that GOOG stock is raring for a comeback.

Unlike the smartphone wars of the last decade, this competition has very little to do with end consumers. Google and Amazon are selling to other companies, which may explain why the conflict isn t plastered across mainstream headlines. But, make no mistake, this conflict is very real, and it could drive huge gains for Google stock.

Both companies are trying to coax enterprise clients onto their cloud services. What that means is they build giant data centers, then lease out space on servers to other businesses. It makes sense for the clients because they only pay for how much space they use, and it makes sense for Amazon and Google because they need those data centers regardless.

Think about it: Google handles about 3.5 billion search queries a day. As a result, it needs a ton of servers to process that data. Likewise, there are hundreds of items being purchased on Amazon.com every second. These orders are just bits of information that flow from our computers to a data center somewhere. Amazon owns that data center.

At some point, it became obvious that Google and Amazon could make money off these data centers.

Amazon made this realization well before Google, much to benefit of AMZN stock. By contrast, advertising revenues are still the bread and butter for Google stock. Some might see that as a reason to stay away from GOOG stock, but I see the opposite.

I see a company with the scale and resources to pose a real threat to Amazon. I see Google stock priced way below that potential. And what I see makes me very, very bullish on GOOG stock.

Here s why.

Fuel for Google Stock

Every year, Gartner Inc (NYSE:IT) releases a research report on the state of cloud computing. Every year, Amazon wins. Not by a wafer-thin margin. No. Amazon wins by a mile, year after year after year. That being said, 2016 was the first time that two companies with deep pockets made some headway in closing that gap.

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) was a distant number two behind Amazon, and then there was Google. At first blush, third place doesn t inspire much confidence in GOOG stock, but hear me out.

We know that Google can fight Amazon on price and performance; I don t think those are significant worries. Some of best software engineers in the world work at Google. But the real concern is that Amazon has built products that truly help companies solve problems.

Google finally took a step to overcome that gap this week by paying $625.0 million buying Apigee Corp (NASDAQ:APIC) (Source:  Google drops $625 million on Apigee to chase Amazon and Microsoft in the enterprise,  recode, September 8, 2016.)

Diane Greene, Google s enterprise czar, described Apigee this way in a statement:  They re the hubs through which companies, partners and customers interact, whether it s a small business applying online for a loan or a point of sale system sending your warranty information to the manufacturer. 

Basically, Apigee helps corporations build back-end software for their apps. It s unsexy but crucial work that comes with a big paycheck. By adding Apigee to its stack of enterprise offerings, Google is doing more than just throwing down the gauntlet; it is chucking the gauntlet straight at Amazon s head.

Enterprise clients are desperate to get their hands on Apigee s software, so this could be a major win for GOOG stock. The company still has a long way to go before unseating Amazon as the  King of Cloud Computing,  but there s no doubt this could be big for Google stock.

On a tangential note, investors should look more closely at the suppliers to these data centers. There s one stock in particular that is stacking up enormous returns. This company manufactures microchips unlike anything else we ve ever seen! It has accumulated triple-digit gains in each of the last two years, and we believe that s just the tip of the iceberg. Click here to learn more about this once-in-a-lifetime investment opportunity! 
2016-01-03
Is YouTube Really Worth Twice as Much as Netflix Inc? Netflix Inc (NASDAQ:NFLX) had a great 2015. Its shares were up 134%, making it the best-performing stock in the S&P 500. Credit a slate of hit new shows like Narcos and Daredevil, as well as consistently strong subscriber growth for the smoking stock growth this year.

However, at least one analyst is insisting that Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube is the real gem in the streaming market. Writing in Barron's, Jack Hough claims that YouTube is worth twice as much as Netflix, or about $100 billion.

Without hard data from Alphabet, we're forced to guess as to YouTube's market power, but Hough does his best to wow us with the video site's big numbers. The most-watched videos on the site get more than 1 billion hits, while the Super Bowl, the biggest annual event in television, gets just more than 100 million. Viewing time jumped 60% over a year ago, while mobile viewing time doubled. YouTube is set to bring in nearly $9 billion in revenue this year, well ahead of Netflix's projected $6.8 billion.

The problem, of course, is that until Alphabet provides more color on its business segments in its fourth-quarter earnings report, YouTube's financials will remain mostly in a black box.

Apples and oranges

Comparing the ad-based YouTube to subscription-driven Netflix may be a Fool's errand. Though the two services traffic in similar content, the business models are completely different. Netflix has vowed to remain ad free, requiring viewers to pay subscriptions of $8/month, while YouTube only recently released a subscription-based premium version, YouTube Red. Like Google, it is almost entirely powered by ad revenue

With 1.3 billion active users, YouTube has nearly as much reach as Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), but its relationship with those viewers is much more tenuous than Netflix's is with its 65 million subscribers. Paying members have committed to the service with their hard-earned cash, and Netflix members were set to stream more than 40 billion hours of content this year, or about two hours a day per user.

YouTube's total watch time is unclear, but both are growing by similar rates. In the U.S., Netflix is also the clear winner of traffic, taking 37% of bandwidth at peak hours compared to just 16% for YouTube.

A growing pie

YouTube and Netflix cannot be valued by conventional Wall Street methodology. With negligible profits, their earnings multiples are essentially meaningless. Instead, both companies earn such eye-popping valuations because of their disruptive potential. As Netflix CEO Reed Hastings has said before, the market for video entertainment is enormous, and both Netflix and YouTube are steadily chipping away at the one-time primacy of traditional television.

While much has been made of the advances of Netflix's rivals, including HBO, Amazon.com, and Hulu, YouTube's claim to the ad-based video throne is now being challenged by Facebook. Facebook is taking U.S. viewers from YouTube, and is seen as a more attractive advertising partner than the video site due to its trove of user data.

The ultimate winner in the video-streaming battle is unclear, but the pie is growing, with Netflix and YouTube increasing viewership by more than 50% a year.

The bigger question for investors may be, do the two services deserve such lofty valuations? Considering the price tags on traditional empires such as CBS at $22 billion, Time Warner at $51 billion, and cable leader ESPN at $50 billion, Netflix and YouTube may start having to show meaningful profits before warranting further increases in valuation. Investors should learn more when Alphabet reports earnings next month. 
2016-09-21
Priceline And Expedia: Watch Out For Google This will hurt present incumbents like Priceline and Expedia who are trying to expand into travel planning.

Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has increased its efforts to gain a foothold in the travel industry in 2016. In each of the past three quarters it has launched a travel product aimed at providing better search options for the travelers. In March, it launched Google Destinations which helps to find where to go, when to go and what options are available in those places. In July, it launched new feature aimed at travel planners who are searching for best deals for flights and hotels. And, on 19th September it released another app called Google Trips.

This app is an ambitious effort by Google. It allows better organizing of flight and accommodation, offers editorial guides to over 200 cities, makes personalized recommendations and more. The best feature of this app is that it can work offline which is especially useful for international travelers as the data plan cost can be prohibitive in some locations. (Data charges on AT&T for international travel can be as high as $120 for 800 MB plan)

Move towards becoming one-stop shop by travel players

These efforts mirror the larger trend within the travel industry. After the consolidation in online travel agency (OTA) industry, the next big strategy by present players is to be a one-stop shop for all the travel needs. This would help them in getting additional revenue stream and also help to develop deeper moats against competitors. In July, Priceline (NASDAQ:PCLN) started using AI to deliver personalized options for travel preferences. Their Booking Experiences feature was launched in major cities including London, Paris, New York, Dubai and further roll-out is expected by end of the year.

Just a few days back Airbnb (Private:AIRB) purchased Trip4real, a Spanish startup, in a deal valued at around $5.5 million to $11 million. This startup works as a travel-planning service providing an option of connecting travelers with locals to arrange tour activities and also give information about eating, travel sites to visit and other travel activities. Airbnb is also looking to officially launch another feature called Airbnb Trips which will transform the company into a multipurpose trip planner.

Effect on other incumbents

After undergoing massive wave of consolidation, there are few competitors for the duopoly of Expedia (NASDAQ: EXPE) and Priceline. Priceline has already invested in China (through Ctrip (NASDAQ:CTRP)) and India (through Ctrip's investment in MakeMyTrip (NASDAQ:MMYT)). This leaves only Airbnb and other major tech companies who can mount any serious competition to this duopoly.

Google can end up as the biggest competitor to OTAs as it is in a perfect spot to corner a sizable chunk of the travel search and bookings market. Most of the travelers use one or another Google product to get requisite information about new locations. By bundling different features in one app Google can gain a massive lead over other competitors. This industry is also closer to Google's core competency of search and data analysis than other moonshots it has been plowing money into.

Fig: Google Trip provides in-depth information about different travel options

This app can pull data about flight, hotel, restaurant reservation, car rental from the Gmail history. Entire itineraries of future trip can be downloaded and viewed offline. It can also look at the Gmail history and suggest preferable travel options in a city. As of now this app does not have a booking option but it does a pretty good job in collecting information from different sources and communicating them to travelers, both online and offline.

Increasing traction of Google's travel apps will also impact future growth potential of advertising segment for OTAs. As an example, in the last quarter Priceline's "advertising and other revenues" contributed over 7% to the total revenue and brought in $178.1 million.

Effect on Google's valuation

At this stage it takes a lot to move the needle for Google. Full monetization potential of this segment will only be revealed down the road. However, this app provides a very useful touchpoint for Google as it will start a virtuous cycle of providing more traveler data which can then be used to deliver better travel options. The company has been spending millions of dollars on moonshot with little success. A successful addition to its product list which contributes to its bottom line will be seen as a positive signal by the market.

Investor Takeaway

Google is making aggressive attempts to gain a foothold in the travel industry. The latest app provides all the requisite information including flight, hotel, restaurant reservation, car rental, events, etc. at one place. Easy access within Google Maps and offline availability provide distinct advantage over other travel-planner options by incumbents in this industry. Although the incremental addition to topline will be relatively small in the near future but a wider traction of Google's travel products will provide a good monetization option in the future.

This initiative by Google negatively impacts other OTAs; especially Expedia and Priceline. They will see a direct impact on their advertising segment as Google grows its travel features. This app will also directly compete with the recent trip planning features launched by Priceline. This is another headwind for OTAs along with growth of Airbnb and their tussle with hotel chains. Currently, Expedia and Priceline should be in a wait-and-watch category for investors.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2016-11-22
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Injects $4.5 Million In New AI Research Outpost The use of artificial intelligence (AI) is quickly gaining momentum given the rush by various tech firms to invest in it, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) subsidiary Google being in the lead. The search engine is spreading its wings into the Canadian market, and in over three years, it will invest $4.5 million in its new Montreal AI research outpost. The funding is purposed to help in paying for seven faculty members across various Montreal academic institutions as well as continued support for deep learning expert Yoshua Bengio s work.

The Universite de Montreal professor says that the institute has been attracting interest from most of the major IT companies who are even willing to be part of the funding. Notably, both the machine learning and AI research have become significant to many businesses even as Google continues to bet on Canada s high expertise. Bengio adds that AI will affect virtually every economic sector.

Deep learning will enable feeding of quantities of data into software systems

Google s move comes at a time when the Canadian government is taking up the obligation of investing more that $200 million in three Montreal universities, one of them being lab Bengio. It is one of the largest in the world that is dedicated to studying Deep Learning. Apparently, the rise of deep learning has been credited by many given that it has helped in training computers recognize objects in pictures. It has also enabled the keying in of data into software systems called neural nets.

It may not be easy to accomplish the goal, but many believe it is doable. Bengio says,  At some point, you ll just talk to computers, and they ll understand what you want and what you need. It may take years, but we re clearly going in that direction. 

The investment is worth it

There are more than 150 researchers involved in deep learning according to Shibl Mourad, Google Montreal head of engineering. There are also lots of benefits from the $213 million federal A.I. grant because part of it will be redirected to the building of a new AI institute called IVADO. While all the new investments have a role to play they are also a hopeful sign of the return of former Montrealer Hugo Larochelle to head up Google s new research group.

Alphabet stock was trading at $784.80 an increase of $8.83 or 1.14%.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Here's What Qwiklabs Acquisition Brings in for Google Google's parent company Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) announced late Monday that it acquired an online learning lab, Qwiklabs, for IT professionals and developers. The acquisition price was not disclosed. This deal marked Google's one step ahead towards cloud-computing business to challenge Microsoft Azure and AWS. Over the past few months, the subsidiary has unified all its cloud and enterprise services and launched new services to the cloud platform, in an attempt to attract more customers towards all-in-one cloud-computing service.

Founded in 2012, Quiklabs has worked to provide developers with hands-on experience of Amazon's Webs Services since then. While announcing the deal, Google said that there was no faster way than Qwiklab to gain experience with cloud environment and know all about the modern day cloud solutions. The online teaching platform provides step-by-step instructions to test out various used cases, learn cloud service, and train teams to turn them into cloud experts.

"With Qwiklabs, we're closing the IP skills gap in the cloud. More than half a million users have collectively spent over 5 million hours learning how to successfully deploy and manage multiple cloud technologies through the Qwiklabs platform. We re focused on offering the most comprehensive, efficient, and fun way to train and onboard people across all our products on Google Cloud, including Google Cloud Platform and G Suite," said Jason Martin, Director of Professional Services at Google.

In his blog post regarding the deal, Mr. Martin expressed his intention to drive more innovative and efficient features for their customers. The technology company intends to help businesses make the most out of its cloud investments. While neither company disclosed any details about the deal, Google has yet to reveal how it would use Quiklab's platform to train developers. Courage Capital's Top Q3 Bets: Alphabet Inc (GOOG), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) & More Courage Capital is a Tennessee-based hedge fund founded by Richard C. Patton. According to its latest 13F filing, Courage Capital s equity portfolio is valued at over $259.35 million as of the end of September. At Insider Monkey, we assess a fund s performance by taking into account its long equity positions in companies with market caps above $1.0 billion. In this way, Courage s seven  relevant  positions generated a return of 11.28% last quarter.

It s no secret that hedge funds have been underperforming the market for years in aggregate, as many in the media are only all too happy to pound home. That could lead the average reader to think that hedge funds are bad stock pickers, which is not actually the case. When we look at the third-quarter returns of the hedge funds in our database which had at least five long positions in companies valued at $1 billion or more, we see their long picks returned 8.3% on average, a full 5.0 percentage points clear of S&P 500 ETFs. However, that long stock-picking prowess is often overshadowed by the hedged portion of their portfolios, in options, bonds, and short positions.

In this article, we ll take a look at four of its picks, particularly Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), Vereit Inc (NYSE:VER), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT).

Courage Capital upped its stake in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) by 5% to 1.8 million shares worth $77.58 million during the third quarter. The position was increased as Yahoo s stock gained 14.7% between July and September. Overall, 81 funds from our database held shares of Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) at the end of June, down by 16 funds over the quarter. Among these funds, Canyon Capital Advisors held the most valuable stake in Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), which was worth $697.6 millions at the end of the second quarter. On the second spot was Owl Creek Asset Management which amassed $569.2 million worth of shares. Moreover, Starboard Value LP, Iridian Asset Management, and Hudson Bay Capital Management were also bullish on Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO).

Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Follow Yahoo Inc (NASDAQ:YHOO) Trade (NASDAQ:YHOO) Now!

On the other hand, in Vereit Inc (NYSE:VER), Courage Capital cut its stake by 60% during the third quarter, as the stock inched up by 2.3%. In this way, in its latest 13F filing, the fund reported ownership of 381,500 shares of the company worth $3.96 million. During the second quarter, the number of funds from our database long Vereit Inc (NYSE:VER) declined by two to 29. More specifically, Larry Robbins s Glenview Capital had the biggest position in Vereit Inc (NYSE:VER), worth close to $154.8 million. On Glenview Capital s heels was Highfields Capital Management, led by Jonathon Jacobson, holding a $116.7 million position. Some other peers with similar optimism encompass Keith Meister s Corvex Capital, Jonathan Kolatch s Redwood Capital Management and Matthew Barrett s Glendon Capital Management. 
2016-09-19
How To Value Alphabet Inc Stock Today There is no right way or wrong way to value a stock.

Valuation is very simple and we will use Alphabet Inc as an example.

I will show you realistically that any value inputted into a model is valid as long as you have a reason.

So, you want to value your first stock and hopefully hit it big to join the ranks of the Wall Street elite, but it seems too intimidating and complicated. Your feelings are understandable. However, keep in mind the complexity of valuation comes in when you try to drill down and create more and more assumptions.

Without further ado, let's get started with one of the most visible stocks out there, Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG) Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

I will do a simple PE valuation model to find the intrinsic value of Alphabet Inc. Intrinsic value just means what I think the investment is worth.

Primer

Before I get started, let me give you a quick primer. The basis of valuation revolves around the present value formula seen below. If you understand this formula, you will be able to understand variations that occur when you attempt to value a stock.

(Source: Stockodo.com)

For example, if I say I want to use a dividend model, residual income model, free cash flow model, and so forth, it might seem like a lot to absorb.

(Source: Subjectmoney.com)

However, it is just a matter of understanding what to put in the numerator and denominator when the method is tweaked. For instance, the formula suggests the use of dividends in the numerator and a required return number in the denominator. If I wanted free cash flows, I could stick with free cash flows in the numerator and WACC (weight average cost of capital) in the denominator, which is nothing more than the average of all the claimants' required returns on the firm.

Alphabet Inc Stock Valuation

Below is my spreadsheet of the PE valuation. I will try to keep it as simple as possible using a 5 year projection.

(Source: Spreadsheet self created. Highlighted variables from Yahoo Finance)

To begin the valuation, I got a trailing PE ratio from Yahoo Finance. Trailing implies that the value is for the immediately preceding twelve months. There is a forward PE, but I did not use it. I would rather look at what has happened and not at what a select few (analysts) think will happen.

The earnings numbers are twelve month trailing earnings. I like this because you are getting 1 years worth of data which gets updated quarterly. It keeps you up-to-date.

Next, I look at the earnings growth. What do I think will happen with the company? Have I done my due diligence? Have I thought of everything humanly possible? What does history say? What are others thinking about the company? These are the questions many will ask. I just used the average five year earnings growth rate and assumed that it would continue in the future. That value might seem crazy to you, and to others it may seem reasonable. It all depends on what you believe, as long as there's a rationale.

Next, I determined the discount rate. You can use a 10 year government bond as a baseline, you can use a rate you desire, you can make it nominal provided you do the same to your numerator, etc. This really becomes an exercise in creativity. Nothing wrong with that, it helps you find what works for you. Since the company is growing at 11.20% and I want to achieve a 12% annual return, what should the current stock price be? I went with 12% because 10% has been the annual returns on stocks and I did not want to be too aggressive.

Thus, when I multiply the 5 year projected earnings value by the PE ratio, it shows us that the Alphabet Inc. stock should be valued at around 1355 dollars in 5 years. Because we are interested in the current price of the stock, we take the present value of this number by using 5 years .

Since the stock is currently trading around 800 dollars, the stock is overvalued.

I can run the calculations again and come up with a different value. If I change the growth rate to 6 percent, look what happens. My intrinsic value of the stock just decreased further.

(Source: Spreadsheet self created. Highlighted variables from Yahoo Finance)

If you really want to see the differences in values, try using price-to-sales, price-to-book, etc. Bottom line, do what you feel comfortable with and have fun in the process. Google Goes All-In on Travel & Photos with New Apps Google parent Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) today rolled out two major updates it s hoping will make its services  stickier  for app users: Google Trips and Google Photos.

Have Google, Will Travel

Google Trips is a brand new app that allows users to plan and organize their trips virtually anywhere across the globe. From Google s official blog:

Google Trips is a personalized tour guide in your pocket. Each trip contains key categories of information, including day plans, reservations, things to do, food & drink, and more, so you have everything you need at your fingertips. The entire app is available offline   simply tap the  Download  button under each trip to save it to your phone.

There are also pre-loaded popular local attractions and activities to choose from:

For the top 200 cities in the world, Google Trips shows you a variety of day plans featuring the most popular daily itineraries. We ve automatically assembled the most popular sights, attractions, and local gems into a full day s tour   all based on historic visits by other travelers. Say you re visiting Barcelona. You can choose from multiple day plans, like  Eixample District,  which maps out the can t-miss buildings by Antoni Gaudi, the famous Spanish architect.

Google automatically pulls all your reservations in from Gmail as well, so your flight info, accommodations, restaurant reservations, and more will stay neatly organized. The app is now available for both Android and iOS users.

Easier to Share Photos & New Videos

Google also just released a big update to its popular Photos app that makes it much easier to share photos with their family and friends:

Now, with Google Photos, you pick the photos, tap  share  and select the people you want to share with, instead of the apps   and we take care of the rest. If your friends are on Google Photos, they ll get a notification. If you share via phone number, they ll get a link to the photos and videos via SMS. And email addresses will get an email with a link from Google Photos. So you can spend less time toggling from app to app to share photos   dealing with failed texts or email attachment limits along the way   and more time enjoying life s photo-worthy moments.

Another new feature for Photos is auto-generated movies  based on creative concepts,  says the company. The app will create movies of your groups of photos based around a specific theme (for example, a group of baby pictures showing an age progression will be titled  They Grow Up So Fast ).

Google also promises additional updates to the app this week. The two updates mentioned above are rolling out now.

Alphabet shares closed at $765.70 on Monday, down $3.18 (-0.41%). Year-to-date, GOOGL has risen 0.9%, versus a 4.67% gain in the S&P 500 during the same period. Google Facing Potential $400 Million Tax Bill in Indonesia In the latest in a string of foreign governments cracking down on tax loopholes, Google parent Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) could now be facing a $400 million 2015 tax bill from Indonesia.

A senior tax official noted the state government has raided Google s offices and plans to pursue the company for five years of back taxes, which means the bill could skyrocket much higher. From Reuters:

Muhammad Hanif, head of the tax office s special cases branch, said its investigators went to Google s local office in Indonesia on Monday. The tax office believes that PT Google Indonesia paid less than 0.1 percent of the total income and value-added taxes it owed last year.

Apparently, Google was unwilling to cooperate with auditors earlier this year, which then led to a more aggressive investigation:

Most of the revenue generated in the country is booked at Google s Asia Pacific headquarters in Singapore. Google Asia Pacific declined to be audited in June, prompting the tax office to escalate the case into a criminal one, Hanif said.

Reportedly, Google claims it s simply been doing  tax planning    not an illegal practice in and of itself, but it can become illegal if a company pushes it to the point where the government is paid next to nothing.

Including fines, Google could be facing a total bill of 5.5 trillion rupiah ($418 million) for 2015 alone. There s no word yet on how much the company could owe for the previous four years, but it s probably safe to say the bill could stretch to well over $1 billion. The Indonesian government noted it would pursue similar tax collections for several other companies that have attempted to skirt local taxes in recent years as well.

Alphabet shares rose $3.93 (+0.49%) to $801.90 in premarket trading Monday. Year-to-date, the world s second largest company by market cap has risen 2.57%. Here's How To Play Youtube Videos In the BackGround With Alphabet Inc (GOOGL ... A few days ago Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) launched version 53 for Mac, Linux, and Windows. However, the smartphone users shouldn t be disappointed because Google Chrome Beta for Android version 54 has also been released. A lot of upgrades were made to Chrome Beta with version 54. It has several new elements that incorporate background video and playback and an updated tab page.

Playing Videos in the Background

The background video playback is the most important component amongst all the others. In the previous versions of Chrome, including version 53, the video is stopped as soon as a new application is opened or after going to home display. In variant 54 beta, the video stops consequently, but the Android clients are given an alternative to continue them through a media notice. The audio can be heard while using other applications.

This new element works with portable web and will recognize pages running at the back. Clients will get the same warning when playing recordings on video facilitating and video-sharing websites such as YouTube through mobile web.

But the sound tracks work in a different way. If you open a new application or press the home button, the audios keep playing in the background.

Upgraded New Tab Page

The upgraded new tab page does not show the Recent Tabs and the Bookmarks any longer. They can be used from the menu at the right of the UI. But the Google logo, search bar and the most recently visited pages haven t changed.

Google has included a suggestions area, which the Android Police thinks is somewhat like Google Now.

The Android Police said that "interestingly, none of the articles were recommended to me through Google Now, so they don t seem to draw data from the same source."

Before downloading Chrome Beta for Android, remember that this is Google s experimenting tool for new elements and it might be somewhat unpleasant. What's the Better Value for Investors: Amazon or Alphabet?  Google says launching new mobile app "Google Trips"  
2016-06-25
Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. Research and Development is Breathtaking 

Amazon.com Inc. and Alphabet Inc. Research and Development is Breathtaking



Amazon.com Inc., and Alphabet Inc. R&D

While Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are two of the five mega cap technology firms leading the future of innovation, these two have one thing in common that the others do not. They spend more on research and development than any other firms in any other industries in the world.Let's start with a chart of Amazon.com and the company's research and development rolled into trailing twelve month periods, through time.Amazon.com research and development now stands at a staggering $13.3 billion in the last year. That's up 33% from $10 billion last year and about 85% from $7.1 billion two-years ago. Now let's turn to its peer.We'll look at the same chart, but this time for Alphabet.Alphabet's research and development over the trailing-twelve-months stands at $12.9 billion, up from $10.5 billion one-year ago and $7.6 billion two-years ago.While these two charts are pretty, they need context, and it's the context that reveals the great similarityIf we plot research and development expense (TTM) for all companies in all sectors over $75 billion in market cap and then rank them on the y-axis, we end up with this startling image.And now we see the payoff. Amazon.com and Alphabet spend more in research and development than any other companies spanning all other industries. We can see Microsoft, Intel and Apple for the tech giants, and then we can see the Johnson & Johnson as the first non-technology name that makes it onto the chart.When it comes down to it, Amazon.com and Alphabet spend a breathtaking amount on research and development and it's these two firms that will likely lead the technology revolution forward, monetizing that expense through innovation. Facebook Inc (FB) Hires Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Google Fiber Co-Founder Published By: Ken Bock on June 25, 2016 07:23 am EST

Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) has signed up Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Fiber s former General Manager and co-founder, Kevin Lo, as the company s new Director of Infrastructure Connectivity and Investments.

Mr. Lo is reported to be working on Facebook s partnerships and collaborations with external companies and services to bring widespread internet access to users around the world, and to improve the existing connectivity in urban areas especially. As Kevin Lo has been brought in from an internet service provider Google Fiber, and if we talk about widespread internet connectivity, the first thing that comes to mind is Facebook s controversial Free Basic service. But it seems Mr. Lo will not be working on Free Basic service, and neither is Facebook in any way interested in going into the ISP business; at least if you believe Recode s report about the appointment of Facebook s Director of Infrastructure Connectivity and Investments.

Kevin Lo joined Google Fiber as the company s first manager in 2010, and has since given five years of his career to the internet service provider now working under the parent company Alphabet Inc. His management style has been described as calm and composed, which some have described as typical of Google Fiber executives as the ISP has for long been deemed as Google s safe haven for competent and un-outsized personas.

Kevin Lo s appointment represents another major step for Facebook towards providing internet and connectivity to far-flung areas as well as densely-populated ones. Mr. Lo will bring the expertise and know-how to beam Facebook s vision of connectivity to a much-wider audience, which would surely be imperative in creating educational, social, and employment opportunities for a huge number of people. 
2016-04-01
Google: AdWords Redesign Beats Self Driving Cars Alphabet/Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) redesigning AdWords is much more exciting than Internet-delivering balloons, self-driving cars or life sciences combined. Google derives virtually all of its profits from advertising. AdWords is the interface advertisers employ to set up their campaigns. AdWords is where Google's paying customers do all the spending. It is a great tool already but it has a few drawbacks:

1) It can be rather intimidating to new users 2) It is highly text based 3) knowledge of Google's advertising system is extremely helpful to obtain good results

Because of the intimidating look of the AdWords backend, I believe small businesses under-utilize the AdWords opportunity. Because of Google's highly flexible advertising ecosystem, businesses under-utilizing the system isn't just bad for them, it is also bad for Google and bad for their potential customers. Ads are shown based on a combination of quality (as measured by user experience) and offered CPC. When more businesses make quality bids on the same ad space the average price for Google's inventory of ad space rises.

Source: AdWords blog

Most Seeking Alpha readers are highly educated or very smart people so perhaps they have a little bit of an easier time navigating through the Interface shown above. To be fair it could be far worse. Yet, I do believe the new interface and more visuals will find better utilization in the market place. Marketing departments that haven't been set up from the get-go to do online advertising can struggle to make the most of their advertising budget. Mom and pop stores often largely ignore the opportunity and for specialized retailers there is a lot of potential but previously the learning curve was just too steep.

Because AdWords is the interface where almost all of Google's sales are made (advertisers setting their budget and setting up a campaign) it is incredibly exciting when Google is upgrading it based on conversations with beginners to power users and no doubt a lot of unmentioned data analysis on how the product is used.

Source: Dischler's LinkedIn

When Jerry Dischler, Vice President of Product Management, AdWords says (pictured above):

we want to make it super easy to execute and optimize campaigns based on your unique marketing objectives. we want to surface insights and help you visualize them in more actionable ways. By seeing the data most relevant to your business goals, you can spend more time optimizing campaigns and identifying opportunities. At the end of the day, you need simple yet powerful tools that help you do more in less time. You should be able to complete your most important tasks, like managing ad extensions and building reports, all in one place. With less clutter and more intuitive workflows, you can quickly make the changes that move your business forward.

He is exactly on the right track. Making the interface more customer friendly, easier to use and easier to read by more people in the organiszation this should translate into higher revenue for Google while at the same time improving profitability of customers.

It's not a lot to go by but the screenshot released by Google (see below) shows an interface that is quite a bit more visual:

More people will be able to quickly read and interpret the data. It's built using material design, the design language that is behind Maps, Search and Gmail which means people using these free Google apps will quickly get used to it and the transition for new users is very easy. We will not see an immediate effect as the new AdWords will be rolled out throughout 2016 and into 2017 by invite only.

However, this is potentially a significant upgrade. Analyst predictions do not specifically account for this upgrade but it applies to a huge part of Google's revenue. Advertising demand doesn't increase because of the product upgrade, friction costs are clearly lowered and existing demand should more readily translate into sales. Google continues to be one of my largest positions as I expect it to continue to outperform the broader market. Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google Gets Will Get Rid of Wallet Card Published By: Patrick Arruda on April 1, 2016 08:33 am EST

This week, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) announced that it would get rid of its physical wallet cards once and for all.

These cards which are tied to a user s Wallet account will see the light of day for the last time on July 1. However, the company has assured its users that it will be focusing more on the Wallet app instead.

By the end of April, the wallet cards will be put to rest, which means that users will not be able to upload money on them, but any credit available can still be used to make purchases. By the end of June said Wallet cards will be deactivated regardless of whether or not there is money on it. But users will be pleased to know, if there is any money on the card, even after it has been deactivated, it will be available for use through the Wallet app.

That being said, there is no doubt users will have a lot of problems once the card is deactivated, but they can acquire similar services from Simple or American Express.

This move will not make sense at first, but seeing how the cards are not doing as well as the mobile app, it would be wise of the company to invest more of its time and resources on the app instead, which will turn out to be much more rewarding in the long run. Even though Google may have disappointed users who utilize the Wallet card, it is likely the company will make up for it later on. 
2016-06-10
Alphabet Inc: This Tech Breakthrough Could Send Google Stock Soaring By Jing Pan, B.Sc, MA Published : June 10, 2016

This Could Be Huge for Google Stock

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock bears often complain about the company s high stock price, but the truth is that Google stock is not that expensive. Given what the company is doing right now and what it could do next, the stock might actually be a bargain.

Allow me to explain 

First, Alphabet s core business is doing tremendously well. In the first quarter of 2016, Google segment s revenue totaled $20.1 billion, up 17% year-over-year. The segment also improved its operating income by 20.9% year-over-year to $6.3 billion. (Source:  Alphabet Announces First Quarter 2016 Results,  Alphabet Inc, April 21, 2016.)

The best part is that despite all its potential, Google stock is not really that expensive. Trading at $728.28 per share, the search engine giant carries a price-to-earnings (P/E) multiple of 29.63X, which isn t that high in today s bloated Internet industry. Also, if you use next year s earnings, you d see that Google stock has a forward P/E of just 18.37X.

However, what investors really care about is what the company can do in the future. On that front, there is an exciting project within Alphabet s  Other Bets  segment that could become huge in the near future driverless cars.

It is estimated that more than 90% of road accidents are caused by human error. If we were to improve the world of transportation, autonomous cars would be the future.

As difficult as it is to actually build something that s smart enough to drive itself, Google s autonomous cars aren t that far off. Over the past seven years, Google s driverless cars have driven more than 1.6 million miles in four different cities.

The neat thing is that Google is not really building a car from the ground up (although it has developed its own robotic cars). For the greater part of its testing process, Google has used a number of different cars equipped with its self-driving equipment, including the Toyota  Prius,  Audi  TT,  and Lexus  RX450h. 

What this means is that Google is still a technology company in the driverless car industry, but not an automaker. As we have just seen with Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), it takes some hefty investments to build cars in-house. Because Google is developing the technology needed to make cars drive themselves, it could just license out its technology rather than building an assembly line.

Also, while some companies might keep their driverless car project a secret, Google has decided to give the public a monthly update on how its development is going. In May, Google just taught its autonomous cars when and how to honk at other drivers. (Source:  Google Self-Driving Car Project Monthly Report,  Alphabet Inc, May 2016.)

And according to Eric Schmidt, the executive chairman of Alphabet, the legal process could move along faster than you think.

At the company s annual shareholder meeting, Schmidt said,  the consensus within the company is that it s some years [away], not decades.  (Source:  Here s What Alphabet Did and Didn t Say at Its Annual Shareholder Meeting,  The Street, June 8, 2016.)

As for the other particulars, if you are wondering how on Earth you can get insurance for a driverless car, a company in the U.K. just provided the first answer.

Car insurance company Adrian Flux now offers a policy designed for consumers who already have or are thinking of buying cars with driverless features, such as self-parking and autopilot. (Source:  Insurer Launches UK s First Driverless Car Policy,  The Guardian, June 7, 2016.)

 We understand this driverless policy to be the first of its kind in the UK and possibly the world,  said Gerry Bucke, general manager of Adrian Flux.  More than half of new cars sold last year featured autonomous safety technology, such as self-parking or ABS [anti-lock braking systems], which effectively either take control or take decisions on behalf of the driver. And it s only going to continue. Driverless technology will become increasingly common in our cars over the next few years.  (Source: Ibid.)

The Bottom Line on Google Stock

Of course, Google is not the only company trying to develop driverless cars. Many automakers and tech giants are also in the race. But with more than 1.6 million testing miles, Google might be able to take the lead. And that s a good thing to know for Google stock investors. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Live Photos Improved Thanks to Motion Stills App From ... Google parent Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) released a new app for iOS called Motion Stills earlier this week and it has so far received much hype because it has led to significant improvement to the Live Photos feature from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL).

Motion Stills can only be used in Live Photos in the iPhone SE, iPhone 6S, and the iPhone 6S Plus handsets. The new app makes it possible to transform Live Photos into a form that is more useful and can easily be shared. The feature from Apple did not get much traction before Google s app saved the day because the images were shaky and there were very few sharing options.

Motion Stills introduces image stabilization to enhance a photo s appearance. It also freezes the background in the images to make the overall appearance much better. Also, the Google app converts Live Photos into .gif form as well as videos that can easily be shared on social platforms. It also allows users to select a wide variety of images from their gallery.

Users with the supported handsets can activate Live Photos in the camera app to compile images recorded in a span of three seconds. Live Photos is also limited to iPhones, iPod Touch and iPads running iOS 9 or a Mac computer running the latest OS X version. It is also available in the latest versions of Apple TV and Apple Watch. Some of the apps that can harness the power of Live Photos include iOS apps for Google Photos, Tumblr, Facebook, photo apps and iMessage. The support is also extended to the latter two in OS X.

Apple had released an API tool for developers to create support for Live Photos in their apps though currently no built-in tools are available for converting live photos into different formats or making edits. Motion Stills, therefore, seals some of these loopholes even though a few bugs have been associated with it. Either way, it is seen by many as currently the best available option for Live Photos.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google's Street View plans for India rejected by Home Ministry - Bloomberg  
2016-06-03
CEO of Alphabet Inc's Nest unit steps down Honoree and founder of Nest, Tony Fadell, arrives at the Time 100 gala celebrating the magazine's naming of the 100 most influential people in the world for the past year in New York April 29, 2014. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson

Tony Fadell, a well-known Silicon Valley executive who was once expected to play a central role in Alphabet Inc's hardware efforts, has stepped down as chief executive of the search giant's Nest unit, the company said.

Fadell will remain an adviser to Alphabet and Google co-founder Larry Page. He will be replaced at Nest, which makes smart thermostats and smoke detectors, by Marwan Fawaz, who had prior stints at Motorola Mobility and Charter Communications Inc.

Google bought Nest in 2014 for $3.2 billion, one of the company's largest acquisitions ever.

In a blog post announcing his departure, Fadell said Nest's revenue is growing 50 percent a year and boasted that "the connected home went mainstream because of Nest."

"We ve created a hardware + software + services ecosystem, which is still in the early growth stage and will continue to evolve to move further into the mainstream over the coming years," Fadell wrote.

Fadell started Nest in 2011 after a high-profile run at Apple Inc, where he was an important player in the development of the iPod and the iPhone. Top-tier venture capital investors including Kleiner Perkins Caufield and Byers and Google Ventures backed Nest, which set out to build a smart thermostat and related products.

But Fadell and Nest have had a bumpy ride under Alphabet.

Nest had to recall a smoke detector in 2014 for a software defect that caused a safety risk, and critics said it was slow to roll out new products.

The $555 million acquisition of webcam startup Dropcam did not go well, with Fadell openly criticizing the quality of the team in a news report earlier this year in the trade publication The Information. The story aired numerous complaints about Fadell's allegedly abrasive leadership.

Dropcam co-founder Greg Duffy responded with a blistering blog post in which he accused Fadell of "blatant scapegoating" and said he regretted selling the company. Duffy also said there had been a huge exodus of employees from Nest.

Fadell said in his blog that he had been planning to leave since late last year. He did not say what he intended to do next, though he recently unveiled a new company, Actev Motors, that makes a smart go-cart for kids.

In a statement Friday, Page called Fadell a "true visionary" and praised his accomplishments at Nest.

(Reporting by Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Writing by Jonathan Weber; Editing by Maju Samuel and Cynthia Osterman) Google: What Happens When The Ad Business Faces Challenges?  Alphabet Inc: GOOGL Stock Is Down, But Certainly Not Out Alphabet Inc ( GOOG , GOOGL ), the undisputed king of the world wide web, may be starting to become a victim of its own success. After conquering the world, where else can it go?

That s a question being closely monitored by the markets. If things don t turn around quickly for GOOGL stock, it s staring at a 3% loss for the second quarter or worse. This isn t the follow-up Alphabet needed to a recent earnings miss that broke a three-win streak.

Can the king regain the throne?



Click to Enlarge

The key here is the context of Alphabet s nearer-term troubles. Earnings results for GOOGL stock in Q1 of fiscal year 2016 weren t bad by any means.

According to InvestorPlace contributor James Brumley,  Alphabet earned $7.50 per share on $16.47 billion in revenue.  Year-over-year, this translates into a 16% gain on earnings per share, and a 17% improvement on revenue.

As Brumley points out, there are a slew of companies that will take double-digit growth in any income category. However, GOOG failed to meet Wall Street s lofty expectations and paid a big price in the markets shortly thereafter.

Only a Small Bump in the Road for GOOGL Stock

Of course, the company is by no means taking this lying down. On Wednesday, Alphabet launched Google Express   a delivery service-matching retailers to customers   in the Houston market.

GOOGL is eager to expand this venture, with additional markets in Texas and Oklahoma on their sights. While it won t wrest control of the e-commerce sector from Amazon.com, Inc. ( AMZN ) overnight, it s a signal of intent by GOOG that they re willing to wade in to contested territory.

This is especially relevant considering Amazon s  Echo  project, a digitalized personal assistant that is powered through artificial intelligence technologies. While artificial intelligence tech seems to be more Google s fare, AMZN is coming to market first.

Despite claims from GOOGL management that the impact of such an advantage is often exaggerated, it s not unreasonable to speculate that they feel threatened. The recent high profile hiring of Sam Schillace   former senior vice president of engineering for Box Inc ( BOX )   to drive improvements in their cloud computing division reflects this unease.



Click to Enlarge

The markets might be reacting to those concerns. GOOGL stock has failed to impress, trending sideways to a year-to-date performance down 4%.

Worrisome for investors is the inability to break past upper resistance at the psychological $800 level. However, it may be premature to call GOOGL a bust.

Historically, Alphabet has trended in a step-wise pattern in the markets. This is characterized by a strong uptrend, followed by a relatively lengthy sideways consolidation. Also, the price action for GOOGL is still inside a bullish trend channel. Only if it breaks below support would a red flag be raised.

Further, the inability of GOOGL stock to get anything going in the last two months doesn t necessarily spell disaster. In fact, this would be the third consecutive time in Q2 that the stock has fallen against the prior quarter. And from 2010 to 2012, GOOG has gone negative in the markets in Q2. Yet, only one time did Alphabet go underwater for the year, back in 2014.

Those that are overly pessimistic on GOOGL stock may also be failing to account for the company s utter dominance in the online advertising market. Combined with Facebook Inc ( FB ), the two internet titans control more than 75% of this lucrative area.

Better yet, business continues to grow. Even though the profitability margin per advertisement has fallen, the total number of advertisements has risen substantially. This is primarily due to the rapid expansion of smart devices, which typically feature greater user engagement.

In other words, GOOGL isn t going anywhere.

Sure, some investors may no longer feel comfortable with the company s premium valuation, and they ve gotten out at an ideal time. But fundamentally, Alphabet has a very strong business.

They re also aggressively expanding into other markets, helping to ensure that they re not too levered on any one area. Until we see compelling evidence to the contrary, GOOGL stock is merely taking an extended break.

As of this writing, Josh Enomoto did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Tony Fadell leaves Nest, Marwan Fawaz joins company as new CEO - Nest blog  
2016-10-26
What to Expect When Alphabet, Inc. Reports Earnings Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) is set to release third-quarter 2016 results this Thursday, Oct. 27, 2016, after the market close. With shares up 9% over the past three months (as of this writing) thanks largely to a stellar second-quarter report in July, what can investors expect to hear from the internet-search behemoth this time?

Alphabet's headline numbers

This will mark Alphabet's fourth quarterly report since it began breaking out its results on a segment basis earlier this year. Alphabet instituted the practice after reorganizing last October to become the holding company of Google and its operating subsidiaries, and -- to borrow the company's words -- "to bring increased focus, accountability, and transparency" for investors who wish to know more about those varied businesses.

Much to the chagrin of analysts, however, Alphabet doesn't make a habit of providing specific financial guidance each quarter. So while we don't typically pay close attention to Wall Street's near-term demands, note that consensus estimates predict Alphabet will grow revenue 18.1% year over year, to $22.05 billion, and generate earnings of $8.64 per share (up from $7.35 in last year's third quarter).

Within that, we can expect Alphabet to divide its report into two primary segments, namely Google and "Other Bets."

On Google

If Alphabet were an apple right now, Google would be its core and most of the flesh. But this shouldn't be terribly surprising, considering Google encompasses results from nearly every well-known product Big G has innovated, from Search to Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, Google Play, and Gmail.

As such, last quarter Google represented more than $21.3 billion of Alphabet's $21.5 billion in total revenue. And as operating margin for the segment expanded 100 basis points year over year, to 32.8%, Google generated operating income of just under $7 billion.

Digging deeper into those totals, the vast majority of Google's revenue comes from advertising, which grew 19.5% year over year in Q2, to $19.1 billion. Alphabet should further break that down this quarter into both ad revenue that came from its own websites (up 24.2% last quarter, to $15.4 billion), and the amount derived from Google Network Members' sites (up 3.4% in Q2, to $3.74 billion). In recent quarters, Google has largely credited that growth to progress in monetizing mobile search, as well as rapid increases in revenue from YouTube.

Relatedly, listen for metrics on the volume of aggregate paid clicks (up 29% year over year last quarter), and aggregate cost-per-click, the latter of which measures how much Google makes per ad. But keeping in mind cost-per-click declined 7% last quarter, don't be surprised if it continues that downward trend. In part, this is a consequence of that outsized growth from YouTube, where Google's TrueView ads reach consumers early in the purchase funnel, so tend to monetize at lower rates than traditional web-based impressions.

We also can't forget about Google's non-advertising products, including Apps, Commerce, Cloud, and hardware products. Collectively, these sources saw sales increase last quarter by one-third year over year, to $2.3 billion. This quarter, I'm particularly interested to hear about consumers' early reactions to Google's new Pixel smartphone.

Everything else

On the other side of Alphabet's fence is its decidedly unprofitable -- but ripe with long-term potential -- Other Bets segment, which includes Fiber (high-speed internet), Nest (connected home products), Verily (longevity), Calico (life sciences), self-driving cars, and X ("moonshot" initiatives).

With the exceptions of Nest, Verily, and Fiber, which together helped Other Bets revenue rise last quarter 150% year over year, to $185 million, Alphabet's other bets are primarily pre-revenue businesses that seek to solve novel problems across multiple industries. As a result, that revenue translated to a segment operating loss of $859 million last quarter alone.

But we also shouldn't judge Other Bets' results by viewing each quarter in isolation. Because these efforts are early-stage, can be hugely affected by one-time items like new partnerships, and operate in disparate industries, Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat will almost certainly reiterate her assertion that it's most "instructive" to view Other Bets with at least a 12-month time frame in mind. That's fair enough; given their considerable potential to meaningfully change the way we do things -- and, of course, with the financial resources and cash flow provided by Alphabet's massively profitable Google segment -- Alphabet can afford to thoughtfully invest in these young businesses.

In the end, barring any negative surprises from its usually stable core business, I suspect this week's report will contain little to fundamentally alter Alphabet's compelling growth story. But that won't stop us from digging in to better understand Alphabet's progress in continuing to generate long-term value for shareholders. Google creating Alphabet Inc is an experiment that misses one key goal ... When Google co-founder Larry Page created Alphabet Inc., he gave three primary reasons: free up the main internet business from its costly  moonshot  projects; turn those audacious experiments into real businesses; and keep entrepreneurial leaders from leaving.

Fifteen months later, that third pillar looks like it s crumbling.

On Tuesday, Craig Barratt, chief executive officer of Alphabet s Access unit, which runs Google Fiber, announced his departure along with a wave of staff cuts and significant retrenchment of the broadband service s strategy. Barratt is the third Alphabet CEO to leave since June, and other senior executives have gone too.

Google Fiber is the latest Alphabet new business   dubbed the  Other Bets    to be overhauled. It comes as Page and Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat try to control costs while putting nascent businesses in sectors such as biotech and robotics, on surer footing.

Google, the core digital ads juggernaut, is flourishing and turbulence at  Other Bets  may reflect the arrival of fiscal discipline under Porat, who has won praise on Wall Street for her work. Former employees have described how expense and revenue expectations, once rare at the experimental units, have become common since the Alphabet reorganization in August 2015.

Deeper problems

The turbulence may also highlight deeper problems creating sustainable business models. Google Fiber was one of the two chief contributors to  Other Bets,  according to the company. (Alphabet does not break out financial metrics for each Bet.) The second is Nest, manufacturer of Internet-connected home devices. It has had an even rougher year.

In June, Nest co-founder and CEO Tony Fadell left following internal disputes that partly focused on a spending crackdown. Soon after, some Nest employees moved to Google to work in its new hardware division. That included Ana Corrales, Nest s chief financial officer, who now runs supply chain operations for the hardware initiative. (A Nest spokeswoman said Corrales continues to be a  shared resource  between the two companies.)

The other Alphabet CEO departure was Bill Maris, who stepped down in August from GV, the company s venture capital arm.

Related

Google Fiber s recast business plan   narrowing its markets to select cities and focusing on wireless technology to deliver broadband   is a retreat to the unit s strategy from two years ago, a former executive said. Analysts said mounting costs likely caused the retrenchment.

Capital expenditure for Alphabet s Other Bets hit $280 million in the second quarter, primarily reflecting ongoing investment in Google Fiber, Porat told analysts.

 It s billions of dollars a year just to maintain this stuff, and Google doesn t want to spend that kind of money on just being another player in that market,  said Jan Dawson, an analyst with Jackdaw Research.

 The long-term viability of the project was always in question,  said Chetan Sharma, an independent wireless industry analyst.  I think the new CFO put an end to the experiment that wasn t really going anywhere. 

Alphabet s shares declined less than 1 per cent to $822.78 at 11:59 a.m. in New York. The stock gained 6.5 per cent this year through Tuesday s close.

Unstable moonshots

With some of Alphabet s more experimental projects, it s unclear if there even is a market. Alphabet has drastically pulled back from once-ambitious robotics efforts   trying to sell Boston Dynamics and nixing other projects. Its autonomous car project, while a pioneer in the field, has lost key leaders while auto-makers and startups catch up.

In the past two months, Alphabet s X research lab, which incubates potential Alphabet companies, lost two other leaders on those nascent projects. The latest, Dave Vos, ran Project Wing, a drone delivery initiative that competes with a similar effort at Amazon.com Inc. Vos  departure was sudden, and X did not immediately name a replacement.

It was surprising to see Vos leave, said one drone legal expert, adding that such losses are rare at Amazon.

That said, Amazon has yet to tackle as many sprawling, ambitious projects as Google s founders are. Recent departures may indicate a sharper focus at Alphabet, which investors have demanded in recent years.

 Now, just as any competitive business must, we have to continue not only to grow, but also stay ahead of the curve,  Barratt wrote in a blog Tuesday about Google Fiber.

He said this was the  right juncture  for him to step down as CEO. Alphabet did not name a replacement.

Bloomberg News Earnings Preview: Amazon.com, Inc. and Alphabet Inc Big names in tech are highlighting this week's bustling earnings calendar, with the latest results from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) drawing traders' attention today. But two high-profile companies still waiting in the wings are internet giants Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), which will both report third-quarter figures tomorrow night. Below, we'll take the pre-earnings temperatures of AMZN and GOOGL.

It's been a strong year so far for AMZN, which has added 22% in 2016, hitting a series of higher highs in recent months, and riding atop support from the 50-day moving average since March. Specifically, the stock tapped an all-time peak of $847.21 in early October, and is currently trading at $825.26, off 1.2% for the day. Analysts are firmly in AMZN's bullish corner heading into tomorrow's earnings report, with a consensus 12-month price target of $917.52, deep in never-before-seen territory. In fact, Citigroup raised its price target on the stock to $975 from $870 this morning.

There are signs of doubt elsewhere, however. Short interest on AMZN climbed by 29% during the most recent two-week reporting period -- though these bearish bets are still quite low, representing 1.5% of the stock's total float. Meanwhile, options traders have been targeting AMZN puts over calls at an unusually rapid rate. The stock's 50-day put/call volume ratio on the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX) sits in the 88th percentile of its annual range, at 0.97. Still, it's possible these seemingly pessimistic bets are actually the result of shareholders hedging their long stock positions ahead of earnings.

Were options traders truly betting on a downside move for Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), it would be a bold bet. After all, the stock has swung higher in the session following its earnings report in six of the last eight quarters, with an average one-day move of 8.8% in either direction. Currently, options are pricing in a marginally wider move of 9.5% for the session after tomorrow's earnings report.

GOOGL has seen a more modest year-to-date gain of 5.6%, but the stock hit a fresh all-time high of $838.50 on Tuesday after several recent bounces off its 50-day moving average. Analysts certainly seem to think more gains could be ahead. Out of 29 brokerage firms tracking the stock, 27 recommend buying the shares. And the average 12-month price target sits well overhead, at $945.59. Today, the shares are off 0.8% at $821.85.

By and large, traders appear to agree with this optimistic outlook. Short interest currently represents only 0.5% of GOOGL's available float. And options traders have shown an unusual appetite for the stock's long calls of late. Specifically, GOOGL's 10-day ISE/CBOE/PHLX call/put volume ratio of 1.72 sits higher than 77% of all readings taken in the past year.

Notably, short-term volatility expectations have been surprisingly low, considering GOOGL's upcoming earnings report. The stock's Schaeffer's Volatility Index (SVI) of 30% sits just 1 percentage point from an annual low -- suggesting recent near-term options buyers could have gotten a bargain.

Those betting on an upside move have history on their side. GOOGL has moved higher in the session subsequent to reporting earnings six times in the past eight quarters. The average single-day post-earnings move over the period is 5.3%. But options traders seem to be eyeing more volatility this time, pricing in a 7.8% one-day swing for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

Let us help you profit from market volatility. Target big gains in short order with a 30-day trial of Schaeffer's Weekly Volatility Trader! Alphabet spinning off driverless cars into standalone business LAGUNA BEACH, Calif.   Google parent Alphabet Inc. is graduating its self-driving-car project from its research lab X into a standalone business, said X chief Astro Teller, a major step in the vehicles  path to commercial operations.

The car group s finances were separated from X on Jan. 1 this year, and now the team is completing a series of corporate and legal moves to become its own business, Teller said in an interview at the WSJDLive 2016 tech conference.

Astro Teller on Working Hardest Part of Breakthroughs First (1:18) Astro Teller, Captain of Moonshots for Alphabet's X, says that when developing a breakthrough, teams should focus on the most difficult parts of a problem before anything else. He speaks with WSJ's Rebecca Blumenstein at the WSJDLive conference in Laguna Beach, Calif.

As its own stand-alone business under Alphabet GOOG, -0.09% GOOGL, -0.15% , the car group would likely be expected to soon begin generating revenue, though not necessarily a profit at first. Teller declined to disclose the car project s planned business model.

 The world is going to have cars that are sold to individuals and cars that are shared by individuals, and which one Alphabet does, we have our thinking on it,  he said.  But right now we re very focused on safety. 

How Alphabet Plans to Manufacture Breakthroughs (2:06) Astro Teller, captain of Moonshots for Alphabet's X, describes how his company is structured to come up with breakthrough technologies. He speaks with WSJ's Rebecca Blumenstein at the WSJDLive conference in Laguna Beach, Calif.

An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com.

Also popular on WSJ.com:

Republicans rode a wave of populism until they crashed the party.

Apple pins hopes on iPhone 7 as profit, revenue decline. Google's parent company keeps losing its top executives There's been a mini exodus of sorts among executives at Google's parent company, Alphabet.

Alphabet, which formed last year as a conglomerate of separate companies, is designed to help the company find the next big thing outside of Google's core advertising and search businesses.

But within a year of Alphabet's formation, there have been several shake-ups and departures at the top of these divisions, especially since this summer.

The challenge for these companies and their leaders is to prove to Alphabet's CEO, Larry Page, and CFO, Ruth Porat, that they can turn into growing businesses.

While Alphabet doesn't report financials for these "other bets," the recent departures are our best hint that some divisions have struggled or their leaders aren't thrilled with the new pressure now that they're no longer hiding under Google's umbrella.

Here's a breakdown of the most important Alphabet executive departures so far this year:

Tony Fadell, Nest

The highest-profile departure was Tony Fadell, the former Apple executive and CEO of Nest, Alphabet's smart home appliance company that makes connected thermostats and cameras. Fadell stepped down as Nest's CEO in June following reports of inner turmoil in the company and a damning blog post by Greg Duffy, the former head of Nest's camera business.

Fadell gave a particularly rough interview to The Information before his departure in which he tersely defended his management style. He was out shortly after that.

Fadell is still an adviser at Nest.

Bill Maris, GV

Bill Maris was the head of GV, formerly known as Google Ventures, an Alphabet company that invests in early-stage startups. Maris founded GV in 2009 and left in August after some other members of his team left the company.

Craig Barratt, Google Fiber

Craig Barratt was the CEO of Google Fiber, the internet service provider that offered super-high-speed broadband in select cities. Barratt stepped down as CEO on Wednesday and announced the company had stopped plans to expand its service to more cities. Instead, it will focus on new ways to deliver internet through wireless technologies.

Barratt is now an adviser at Google Fiber.

Dave Vos, Project Wing

Dave Vos was the head of Project Wing, a division of X, Alphabet's "moonshot" lab that works on a bunch of crazy, futuristic projects. Project Wing experimented with delivery drones and even ran a pilot program to deliver Chipotle burritos to students at Virginia Tech.

Vos stepped down from Project Wing earlier this month.

Chris Urmson, self-driving cars

Chris Urmson, the tech lead for X's self-driving car project, left the company in August. He had worked on the project for seven years.

Do you know anything about what's happening at Alphabet? Shoot me a note at skovach@businessinsider.com. I'm discreet! Apigee reports receipt of German and Austrian regulatory approvals under proposed acquisition by Google  Google Access CEO Craig Barratt to step down - blog  
2016-03-17
Alphabet Inc. Demonstrates The Power of AI In October of last year Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) quietly shared the news that its search results were being powered by a machine-learning algorithm called RankBrain. The news that artificial intelligence (AI) was driving Alphabet's core search product was delivered with so little fanfare it may have slipped under investor's radar.

As the world wraps its collective heads around the notion of computers that actually learn, tech leaders like Alphabet, IBM (NYSE:IBM), and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) have begun pushing the artificial intelligence boundaries. A machine learning search engine doesn't have the same panache as IBM's AI robot, or Microsoft opening its AI doors to developers. That said, the difference between Alphabet's pre-AI and post-AI driven search offers a window into how impactful already AI is, and a tantalizing view of what to expect in the months and years ahead.

Survey says

Digital marketing firm Stone Temple Consulting recently completed an intriguing comparison between the "old" Alphabet search -- pre-RankBrain -- and the upgraded AI results. Stone Temple's archived examples versus today's machine learning search demonstrates how much "smarter" Alphabet's core product has become. RankBrain actually "interprets language, interprets your queries, in a way that has some of the gut feeling and guessability of people."

The study was conducted using 163 older queries that consisted of incomplete, or difficult to understand search terms such as, "What is low in the army?" The "old" Alphabet search results included, "Army readiness at historically low levels," and "Army wants low-level soldiers linked into its data nets," among others.

But the new AI-powered algorithm was able to discern what the query was "supposed" to mean, and the difference is night and day. In the example above, the enhanced search returned results including, "US Army military ranks," and "Enlisted Army ranks." Of the 163 queries put to the test, an impressive 89 of them -- just shy of 55% -- returned improved results.

Here's another example:

What it means

Alphabet's machine learning search and its recent win over the world's best Go player-Go is an ancient board game considered by many as, "One of the great intellectual mind sports of the world," have significant implications. Similar to IBM's Watson cognitive computer beating a Jeopardy! champion at his own game, Alphabet is putting its stamp on a market expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of over 50% a year.

One conservative estimate suggests that by 2020, AI will become a $5 billion opportunity. That explains why IBM has invested over $5 billion in its "strategic imperatives," which are largely centered on AI and cognitive computing. Microsoft is another tech behemoth exploring AI, and recently announced it would open its Project AIX doors to developers this summer.

The Project AIX group is using Microsoft's Minecraft as a testing ground to "train an artificial intelligence agent to learn how to do things like climb to the highest point in the virtual world." Minecraft is seen as an ideal testing platform in part because it offers an infinite number of possibilities that requires "learning" to improve.

As the Internet of Things (IoT) begins to make its way into our daily lives, the volume of data available has never been larger, and it's growing daily. That's great news for businesses -- information is often the basis for making intelligent business decisions -- if the data is correctly analyzed. And "correct" will mean different things to different people. No problem, AI can handle that. Not to mention smart cars, homes, and cities that continuously improve to match each consumer's needs.

RankBrain isn't as glamorous as IBM's AI-powered robot concierge or using one of the world's most popular games as a testing platform. But improved search results utilizing AI is just the tip of what is becoming an extremely large iceberg, and Alphabet plans to get its share of the spoils. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Signs Deal With Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) For Firehose Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has signed a deal with Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) to allow more focus on real-time search results through Firehose, its tweet stream.

Click Here For More Market Exclusive Updates & Analysis

Google s deal with Twitter will allow Google access to Firehose, which the company will use to show tweets that might be related to user searches. Google has also been silently including some of its features such as real-time news. The company has for a long time been trying to cash in on social media, but it has not yet had significant success through its social media engagements.

The deal with Twitter has been viewed as a new strategy for the firm to have a foothold in social media through search results as well as ads. The company plans to use real-time data from social media to tune its search results. Though Alphabet will be paying Twitter for access to Firehose, it may end up buying the software outright eventually.

Google has also been offering businesses a chance to post a small amount of information about themselves on the web for different markets. The company has a similar deal offered to cricket players where they are given the mandate to create short posts that appear in search results. All these features seem to be closely related to  Google Posts  which Alphabet never formally launched.

One Google page states that organizations and verified individuals can now use images, videos, and texts to communicate on Google. The page also states that the content can easily be added and posted, and they show up in related search results once they are published. Additionally, posts can be shared on social networks. The statement suggests that Google might be planning to avail the features to everyone. Content made through Google Posts will thus show up on top of search results. However, the company has not yet confirmed its plans, and it might be one of Alphabet s many experiments. Nevertheless, it is clear that the company is trying to find new ways of making real-time content.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Apple Inc (AAPL) Looks to Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google to Power a Part of its ... Published By: Ken Bock on March 17, 2016 11:12 am EST

After signing a deal with Spotify, Alphabet s Google (NASDAQ: GOOG) has managed to sign another deal with none other than Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL).

It may come as a surprise to many to see the two competitors reach an agreement and sign a multi-million dollar deal, but it may not necessarily benefit both parties. The deal revolves around Apple s iCloud (at least a part of it), which will be powered by Google.

According to the Financial Times, Apple made this move in order to spread its cloud service platform across a combination of different services, instead of relying on just one. The iPhone manufacturer is already using a combination of its own data centers and Amazon s as it is, and it seems that it does not want to stop just there. Neither Google nor Apple has confirmed or provided additional details about the deal. However, there is speculation that the deal is worth somewhere between $400 to $600 million.

At the same time, it is important to note that Apple has not stopped using Amazon s cloud computing services. There are rumors about Apple making a switch to Google s platform soon, but nothing can be said for certain since Apple has repeatedly shown that it favors multiple services to get the job done.

That being said, it will take no less than a year for Apple to move some of its cloud services to Google s platform. Even though it may seem like a win for Google, Amir Efrati from The Information believes that it is not a profitable partnership for the tech giant.

On the other hand, there are those who believe that this is a temporary move, considering how the company already has extensive plans for its own data centers. In fact, it has already started building data centers in Arizona, Ireland, Reno and even Denmark.

As mentioned earlier, it may seem like a win for Google, but seeing how it is losing more in order to increase its enterprise business, the deal may not last for long. 
2016-10-18
Alphabet Shares Jump to All-Time Highs on Positive Pixel Phone Reviews (GOOGL) If the early reviews are any indicator, Google parent Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) will have a big hit on its hands with its brand new Pixel smartphone.

The Google parent company unveiled the Pixel phone earlier this month, and tech reviewers just got their hands on the device. All reviewers note that the Pixel s hardware design bears a striking resemblance to the iPhone. Just like the iPhone, it even comes in two sizes   one with a 5  screen, and another with a 5.5  display. Both the iPhone and Pixel also have great cameras.

But that s largely where the similarities end. Pixel comes with an ultra-fast version of Google s Android operating system, completely free of  bloatware,  which refers to extra software that carriers often force onto the specialized Android versions their devices run. Bloatware tends to slow devices down significantly, and you won t find any of it on the Pixel.

Along with the snappiness of its operating system, the new Google Assistant feature is receiving rave reviews. Unlike Apple s Siri assistant, which users frequently complain about or simply don t use at all, Assistant appears to be incredibly useful. From Business Insider:

Google Assistant pulls information from everything you do in Google s services, from Search to Gmail to Calendar to Photos. The more Google services you use, the better Assistant becomes at helping you.   Assistant is smart enough to understand context across a variety of services to get you that one thing you want. It s shocking and magical when it works, and it s just the first step in Google s ambition to create a personalized Google for everyone.

Wired also had great things to say about Assistant:

Assistant is the best voice assistant yet though not as far ahead as advertised. Its lead is the difference between being surprised when Siri works and being surprised when Assistant doesn t. Its speech-to-text recognition is almost perfect.

Other differentiators include the inclusion of a VR headset for free when pre-ordering the device, as well as unlimited free photo and video storage with Google Photos.

The Pixel arrives for users on Thursday, Oct. 20th. Its price starts at $650 for the  normal  sized model and $770 for the larger Pixel XL.

Alphabet shares rose $19.93 (+2.47%) to $826.77 in Tuesday afternoon trading, earning new all-time highs in no small part due to the bevy of positive reviews for its new flagship device. Year-to-date, GOOGL has risen 6.11%. Alphabet Inc.'s Nest launches campaign Correction: A previous version of this story stated Google is launching an advertising campaign for Nest. It is Alphabet, not Google, that is Nest's parent company.

Dive Brief:

Alphabet Inc's Nest. released a TV campaign as well as a new slogan,  We Heart Home," according to AdAge.

The new slogan is meant to promote the flagship Nest Thermostat, smoke and carbon monoxide detector and the Nest Cam, designed for both indoor and outdoor use.

Google purchased Nest Labs for $3.2 billion in January 2014 to give the tech giant an immediate footprint in the smart/connected home space.

Dive Insight:

Heading into the holiday season, the marketing move from Nest seems to indicate the smart and connected home space, which ties into both the Internet of Things as well as artificial intelligence, is becoming more competitive. Google and Amazon are also both running ads for their home digital assistants.

The Nest product line is more about connecting those devices to smartphones, giving users another layer of control as well as access to what s happening in a home while the person living there is away.

At the same time the overall smart home concept includes devices like Amazon s Echo which acts as an interactive personal assistant controlling different smart home devices. Google s Home is a more direct competitor for the Echo device but the new campaign from Nest points to a broader push from Alphabet to be a key player in the home.

"We think of Google Home as an interface, but we want the Nest product to live in the background," Matteo Vianello, creative director at Nest, told Ad Age. "Google Home is more like a phone, but it's not part of the Nest ecosystem. It is a Google product whose focused on entertainment and answering questions. That is not our focus at Nest. But these are complementary products." Exclusive: Head of Google drone initiative leaving Alphabet The head of Alphabet Inc. s Project Wing, the drone initiative started by Google in 2012, is stepping down, MarketWatch has learned.

Dave Vos is stepping down from his lead project role at X, formerly known as Google X, to  pursue new opportunities,  a spokeswoman for Alphabet s GOOGL, -0.15% GOOG, -0.09% Project Wing division confirmed Tuesday.

 Dave has helped to build a strong foundation of aviation culture on the team, and brought Project Wing to a place where we understand and can execute delivery missions end-to-end, repeatedly and safely,  Project Wing said in an emailed statement.  We re grateful for Dave s contributions and wish him the best of luck in future endeavors. 

Astro Teller, current CEO of X, will step in as interim lead during the search for a permanent leader. Teller oversees X s other projects, including Project Loon, which is working on using high-altitude balloons to provide Internet access to rural and remote areas, Makani, a project to generate cheap wind power in the form of  energy kites,  and the Google Self-Driving Car Project.

Project Wing was recently in the news for testing drones delivering Chipotle CMG, +1.15% burritos at the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute. The project invited students who forked over a $5.99 delivery fee to the field to test out deliveries, in which a truck at the bottom of a hill shipped burritos up the hill to where students were waiting.

Vos worked at Google for about two years, according to his LinkedIn page, and has a Ph.D in Aerospace Dynamics, Estimation and Controls from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. During his time with Project Wing, Vos also worked with the Federal Aviation Adminsitration, serving as the co-chair of a task force focused on drone registration. 
2016-07-07
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) a Leader in Sustainability Practices 

Alphabet Inc

Managing Director Derek Deutsch of ClearBridge Investments says his firm has included Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) in its ESG fund because of the company s positive impact and sustainability elements.

We believe that Google at its essence is a company that has democratized knowledge. Through its search engine, it makes information easily accessible to anyone that has internet access. First and foremost, we are looking at the product or service that the company provides and whether we think it has a positive impact or not. We think Google clearly meets that test.

Then, we also examine whether the company is managed with sustainability elements imbedded throughout the organization. Google clearly has a sustainable competitive advantage as evidenced by its dominance in search, but it also pays a lot of attention to environmental sustainability. It has been carbon-neutral since 2007. Its data centers use 50% less energy than a typical data center. And it has invested in renewable energy projects around the world.

And then, financially, it has really an incredible business. It has over $70 billion in net cash on the balance sheet, which is about 15% of its market value. It has midteens returns on capital. It generates over $15 billion dollars in free cash flow every year. So it is an incredibly strong company financially, but we think it also does a lot of good things for people and for the environment. Google Smartphone Is Destined To Fail The company wants to take more control over the total user experience as it loses power in the premium handset segment.

Despite Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) ambitions to move from the device to an AI-based future, the company's involvement in hardware is in fact growing. According to a recent report from The Telegraph, Google plans to further expand its product portfolio of tablets, laptops, and streaming devices, and introduce its very own smartphone:

"Google is planning a shake-up of the smartphone market by releasing its own handset, a move that would tighten its grip on mobile software and see it compete directly with the iPhone. The new device, which will be released by the end of the year according to a senior source, will see Google take more control over design, manufacturing and software."

Google's long-time interest in hardware is well known. Despite having had its share of misses with Google Glass and Motorola and Nest acquisitions, Google is determined to succeed in the device business. Earlier this year, the company hired Rick Osterloh, the former president of Motorola, to lead a new hardware division and unify Google's various hardware projects under one roof. The company's growing ambitions with devices then inevitably result in plans to design, brand and sell the most important technology product in our lives -- the smartphone (Google is still expected to continue working with OEMs on further Nexus handsets).

Google has quite a few reasons to design its own smartphone and have better control over its software, services, and total user experience. In the Android segment, the company is losing power to companies like Samsung and Huawei, fragmentation continues to plague the platform, and the European Commission is leading an antitrust investigation into Google's prioritizing of its own services on Android devices. On iOS, Google enjoys having access to hundreds of millions of highly engaged and affluent iPhone users (Goldman Sachs analysts estimate that ~75% of Google's mobile search revenue in CY14 was made from iOS) but its position there is getting weaker as Apple stealthily pushes Google to the edge of iOS's search ecosystem.

If you are Google, you need to act and take control. The problem is -- it is now too late. What's more, Google is not well positioned to compete and find long-term success in the only segment which offers differentiation, engaged users, and sustainability -- the high-end of the smartphone market.

Timing. In 2016, the smartphone market is less attractive, with flat growth and firmly established players in the premium segment. At this stage, it is simply too late to compete against hardware powerhouses like Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Samsung (OTC:SSNLF), or Huawei. Their success in the handset business based on sustained innovation, vertical integration, and strong distribution has been years in the making. For example, Apple's in-house chip development goes back a decade and the same applies to building its carrier relations and extensive distribution network, which has now over 200,000 POS.

Strategic fit. Google is organized in a way to support the company's core services business built around data and scale. In such a corporate environment, resource allocation (including time, focus and energy) will always discriminate against hardware products. These will essentially be seen as side projects as they represent just a small piece in a giant puzzle of different devices needed to collect as much data as possible. In the case of Android, that puzzle has more than 24,000 different pieces -- that many distinct models of Android smartphones and tablets were counted by OpenSignal in 2015. On top of its service-oriented culture, Google lacks vertical integration and carrier distribution -- critical components to succeed in today's smartphone market.

Android fragmentation as measured by OpenSignal (as of 2015)

Overall, Google's own smartphone offers little upside compared to its current Nexus strategy (Nexus devices have never been great sellers in the first place) while the initiative is likely to provide an unnecessary strain on the company's resources and expose Google to risks like inventory management. Having its own smartphone brand next to the Nexus line then actually further increases Android's fragmentation. All in all, given Google's inherent limitations in the hardware space, the company would be best served by improving on its current Nexus strategy, namely expanding carrier distribution.

Investor takeaway

Google is sometimes a study in contrasts. The company wants to move beyond the device and embrace an AI-based future, yet it actually increasingly invests in hardware and expands its product portfolio. It wants to collect and organize as much data as possible, yet at the same time wants to exert more control and release its own smartphone. While a Google-designed handset would give the company increased control over the Android user experience, the product would have little chance of achieving long-term success as timing and poor strategic fit work against the company. Investors should not expect a positive impact on the company's bottom line.

Author's Note: If you have enjoyed reading my article and found its content valuable, please take five seconds to follow me by clicking the "Follow" button next to my name at the top of the page.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: This is no recommendation to buy or sell securities as that carries with it very high risks. The information contained in this article is for informational purposes only and subject to change at any time. Do your own due diligence and consult with a licensed professional before making any investment decision.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. GOOG Stock: Is Alphabet Inc a $1000 Stock? By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : July 7, 2016



Catch GOOG Stock on the Way Up

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) makes most of its money from advertising. Its  AdSense  program has been driving growth for years, but that well is running dry. GOOG stock s next chapter of growth will have to come from another business entirely.

I m talking about data centers. According to senior Google executive Diane Greene, the company is  dead serious  about breaking into the cloud-computing business. It is aggressively expanding its facilities with the hope of challenging  Amazon Web Services  (AWS). (Source:  What Cloud and AI Do and Don t Mean for Google s Data Center Strategy,  Data Center Knowledge, May 19, 2016.)

AWS is currently the market leader, there s no question about that. It was the first to the party and it hasn t stopped growing. Smaller rivals have tried to catch up, but Amazon s size and depth of resources is too overwhelming.

That being said, AWS hasn t yet faced a competitor like Google. The two companies are matched evenly on scale and wealth, so it could be a knock-down-drag-out fight.

Even if AWS held onto its market-leading position, there is enough space in the market for two 800-pound gorillas. Cloud computing is steadily becoming the most important backbone of corporate America and increasingly more firms are outsourcing their IT departments.

I like to think of it as the equivalent of outsourcing manufacturing jobs.

Think about it: in the 1990s and 2000s, American companies were outsourcing their manufacturing jobs to save money. Companies shipped those jobs to low-wage developing countries because the cost of production was next to nothing.

It was terrible that so many blue collar Americans lost their jobs, but a business must make money. When it has a proposal to cut costs and raise profits, it has to do it. In other words, the logic of outsourcing was bulletproof.

Cloud computing is just as undeniable, but without such a high cost of blue-collar jobs. Instead of companies buying their own servers or data centers, they simply buy space on Google s data center. They are outsourcing their IT.

Since Google and Amazon are already building these enormous data centers for their own businesses, they are able to achieve economies of scale for each unit of storage. They can always make use of more data centers because both companies process so much information.

Google s data centers handle every sent e-mail, queried search, or saved picture on the  Photos  app, making sure its servers don t crash under that kind of pressure. Think about how upset you would be if Google.com didn t work.

Google manages to avoid this nightmare scenario by building a ton of data centers that handle the rapid growth of information. Now they ll be leasing out some of that space and computing power to other companies.

AWS used this business model to drag its parent company into the black. It is expecting sales for cloud services to reach $10.0 billion this year, which means Google stockholders could expect similar revenue targets within a few years. (Source:  Cloud Unit Pushes Amazon to Record Profit,  The Wall Street Journal, April 28, 2016.)

This cloud-computing revolution is more than just a phase; it is a permanent rising of the tide, an inevitable cash cow for any firm with the scale and resources to pull it off. Google certainly fits that description and it helps that it has a history of success.

Between now and 2017, the company will be opening data centers to access 10 new urban areas. To put that into context, most data centers are currently being built in rural areas, where real estate is cheap and zoning restrictions aren t that big of a problem. But urban centers are key when it comes to offering cloud services, so Google is moving fast. It is opening a new facility in Tokyo, Japan and the hope is to eventually have enough of a global presence that customers will choose them simply for the sake of convenience.

Many analysts and I m one of them think this market could be bigger than online advertising. Just think about that for a second. The industry that lifted Google stock to $700.00 a share ($480 billion in market cap) could be smaller than cloud computing.

Even if Google doesn t win a monopoly like it did in search-based advertising, the company could still see its profits grow at a rapid clip.

You know what that could mean a surge in GOOG stock. I wouldn t be surprised if the share price reaches $1,000 over the next few years. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Working On An Apple Watch Competitor: Rumor Published By: Ken Bock on July 7, 2016 04:05 pm EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) was recently rumored to be working on a pure Google Nexus smartphone but the company denied such speculations and reaffirmed its intentions of sticking to software designing. However, there is new speculation regarding Google s intentions of taking a solid step towards hardware manufacturing. Latest rumors claim that the tech giant is secretly working on a smartwatch that will be directly competing with the dominance of Apple s Apple watch. Here is The Country Caller s take on Alphabet owned Google working on an Apple Watch competitor.

Apple has comfortably dominated the smartwatch business as it has not faced any serious challenge from other smartwatch developers. That could be about to change if the rumors are true about Google developing a serious competition for the Apple Watch. Interestingly, numerous rumors are speculating that Google is planning on releasing not one but two smartwatches to directly compete with the different Apple Watch models available on the market. Multiple sites are claiming that Google will be officially releasing its smartwatches by the end of the year as that is when Apple will also be launching its next-generation Apple Watch.

If the speculation is true and Google is planning on releasing its very own smartwatch but the end of the year then that could mean that the company is planning on integrating the technology with its next-generation Nexus smartphones. Apple is also rumored to be releasing its next-gen Apple Watch along with the next line up of iPhone, so Google might be focusing on a similar strategy. Rumors claim that Google wants to beat Apple in its own smartwatch game through implementing better software that Apple will not be able to match. Google will have to put in the extra work as Apple has already announced a new and improved operating software for its Apple Watch.

It s important to remember that this is a rumor and should be treated as one. There is also the possibility that Google decides to not release a smartwatch at all, so we don t want to get your hopes too high. However, Google knows that it has lost significant ground to Apple in the smartwatch business and must act quickly to shake up its dominance. How Facebook, Alphabet Could Hurt YuMe Amid intensifying competitive pressures, Barclays said it would be difficult for YuMe Inc (NYSE: YUME) to achieve its long-term EBITDA margin target of 20 percent plus, thereby providing little room for upside.

The bearish thesis comes despite management guiding to an improvement in year-over-year profitability in 2016, and showing some progress in the first quarter.

YuMe, a provider of multi-screen video advertising technology, faces unabated competition from established players such as Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Google, which now reports under Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL).

"We estimate revenue will grow 4 percent this year and next   not fast enough, in our view, to drive scale efficiencies," analyst Christopher Merwin wrote in a note.

Merwin said by 2017 he expects Google and Facebook will have 55 percent combined share of the total display market, up from 36 percent in 2014. In online video, where YuMe is focused, the analyst expects similar shares dynamics to unfold.

"For video in particular, marketers are very focused on ROI given the high cost of video ads, and platforms that are able to better target users through log ins (rather than cookies) should be able to provide higher ROIs to marketers, in our view," Merwin highlighted.

Related Link: Drexel's Apple Monitor Shows Better-Than-Seasonal June Performance

Further, the ongoing consolidation of the ad tech sector will mostly to the benefit large players like Facebook and Google who have unmatched data and scale.

The analyst expects most of the consolidation from here will be organic, as the bigger players now have all the required technology to offer end-to-end advertising solutions to marketers and publishers.

"If M&A does indeed slow down for this sector, we believe that could weigh on multiples for standalone players. While YuMe has been executing much better in recent quarters and operates in a compelling end market, we believe competitive pressures are unlikely to abate in the nearer-term," Merwin elaborated.

Merwin, who downgraded the stock to Underweight from Equal Weight, expects the company to earn $0.08 this year and $0.20 in 2017. The analyst also cut the price target on the stock to $3.50 from $4.

At time of writing, shares of YuMe were down 2.99 percent on the day at $3.57. The stock has dropped 30.5 percent over the past 12 months.

Latest Ratings for FB Date Firm Action From To Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Overweight Mar 2017 BTIG Research Upgrades Neutral Buy Feb 2017 Pivotal Research Downgrades Buy Hold View More Analyst Ratings for FB

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: BarclaysAnalyst Color Short Ideas Downgrades Price Target Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-04-17
Wall Street's Week Ahead: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT ... Factors such as currency fluctuations, cost-cutting initiatives, restructuring efforts, consumption trends, and asset sales are all expected to impact this week s upcoming earnings reports. Here s what to watch for as major players Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), General Electric Company (NYSE:GE), and The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE:KO) post earnings this week. Alphabet Inc. Alphabet, Google s parent company, will report its Q1:16 earnings on April 21 after market close. For this quarter, the second as a conglomerate, analysts are expecting revenues of $20.34 billion and earnings of $7.96 per share, compared to last quarter s revenues of $21.32 and earnings of $8.67 per share.

In the report, analysts will be watching for both mobile and YouTube data points as these two segments are  key drivers of strength,  according to analyst Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs who weighed in on the company with a Buy rating and $890 price target on April 14, 2016. She stated,  We view 1Q16 as the beginning of enhanced fiscal discipline driven by CFO Ruth Porat, given much of the CY15 plan was put in place by her predecessor. 

Recent big-screen smartphone releases by both Apple and Samsung, with the latter using Google s Android operating system, are also expected to drive revenues this quarter. According to analysts, these products are increasing click volume for core Google search, with the company working to optimize mobile monetization. As such, analysts are expecting the company to display ad net revenue increases in its earnings report.

Analysts will also be watching for resource allocation updates, as some express concern over the company s $3.7 billion high-speed internet experiment Google Fiber, intended to beam wireless internet into homes. The company is also involved in some tax battles with both the UK and French governments, each seeking millions of euros in taxes and late interest charges. Analysts will be watching for any updates related to these issues, which could serve as a catalyst for shares. Despite analyst concern, CFO Ruth Porat indicated that core Google search will more than cover any higher costs this quarter.

According to TipRanks statistics, an overwhelming 97% of analysts who cover GOOGL recommend buying shares while 3% of analysts are neutral on the stock. The average 12-month price target between these analysts is $927, marking a 19% potential upside from where shares last closed.

Microsoft Corporation

Microsoft Corporation will be reporting its Q3:2016 earnings on Thursday, April 21 after market close. For Q3, analysts are expecting the company to post revenues of $22.11 billion and earnings of $0.64 per share, compared revenues of $21.73 billion and earnings of $0.61 per share for the same quarter of last year.

Like other tech giants, the company has suffered from weak PC demand, though analysts believe declines should ease by the end of 2016. As a result, Microsoft has transitioned to the cloud with MS Azure and Office 365, both expected to bolster revenues for the quarter. Last quarter, the company posted a 70% increase in Office 365 revenues, and analysts will be watching closely for this quarter s numbers. Similarly, analysts are expecting an increase in search revenue as well as new operating system Windows 10. As of March 30, Windows 10 had a 270 million user installed base, up 145% from Window s 7 users. The OS success stems in part from the ability to run on any device.

Related to the cloud, analysts will be looking for increased profit margin from cloud services, as the company reported higher per customer sales vs that of software licenses. Furthermore, Microsoft is ensuring it stays a viable competitor in the cloud sector by focusing on SaaS (software as a service) rather than just data centers, integrating with Amazon s AWS by making Azure Linux OS compatible, marking a shift from a Windows-only strategy. Analysts expect this move to reflect positively in the earnings report. Other areas of focus for this report include updates on autonomous driving, as Microsoft has followed suit of many other tech companies and partnered with BMW using Azure technology to power BMW s Connected App, which could have self-driving capabilities in the future.

Areas of concern include this quarter s strong dollar, which is expected to have a negative impact on international revenues as the company generates over half of its revenues outside the United States. While Office 365 is gaining traction, some analysts fear the segment will steal revenues away from others. Analyst Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs maintained a Neutral rating on the company with a $57 price target on April 15, 2016. She stated,  We believe consensus is underestimating the yoy decline in the company s Office Transactional and Annuity business as these customers migrate to Office 365. 

According to TipRanks, 68% of analysts who have rated the company in the past 3 months are bullish on the stock. On the other hand, 9% are bearish, while 23% remain neutral. The average 12-month price target between these analysts is $57.93, marking a 4% potential upside from where shares last closed.

General Electric Company

GE will post first quarter earnings on Friday, April 22 before market open. Analysts expect the company to post revenue of $28 billion and EPS of $0.20, marking a 5% year-over-year decrease and a 36% year-over-year decrease, respectively. Many analysts are holding their breath as the company has missed estimates in seven of the eight prior quarters.

Analysts are also looking for an update as GE has been working on several cost-cutting measures. In March, GE management discussed plans to drive higher margins, specifically in its healthcare segment. The company has also been selling off its finance arm, and in late March requested to shed its SIFI designation. SIFI, or systemically important financial institutions, are companies that are closely monitored by the Federal Reserve because of fears that failures of such large companies would trigger widespread crises. By shedding this title, GE will be able to make management decisions more autonomously.

Looking forward, the company forecasts full-year 2016 EPS of $1.50 and revenue of $126.2 billion, marking a 14% and 20% year-over-year increases, respectively. Analysts will be looking for GE to reaffirm this guidance.

According to TipRanks, 60% of analysts who cover the stock are bullish while 40% remain neutral. The average 12-month price target between these analysts is $33, marking a 6% potential upside from where shares last closed.

The Coca-Cola Co

Coca Cola is set to release Q1:16 earnings on Wednesday, April 20 before market open. For this quarter, analysts are expecting revenues of $10.3 billion and earnings of $0.20 per share, compared to revenues of $10.7 billion and earnings of $0.48 per share for the same quarter of last year.

Analysts are worried that this quarter could reflect ongoing negative soda consumption trends, impacting the company s core product. Moreover, the World Health Organization recently indicated that governments could implement a tax on sugary drinks, representing another threat to its core business. Analysts will also be watching economic factors such as currency fluctuations and uncertain emerging market economies, as much of the company s revenues come from outside of the United States.

Analysts are keeping a close eye on the effects that continued restructuring will have on earnings. As part of its restructuring efforts, originally announced in 2014, the company stated in February that they are ramping up refranchising and divesting many of its North American soda-bottling plants. Additionally, the company cut 1,500 jobs as part of its planned $3 billion cost cutting initiative, scheduled to be achieved by 2019.

Last quarter, increased marketing efforts (as a result of cost cutting in other areas) resulted in 3% growth of North American beverage volumes for the company. Also part of the restructuring plan is selling additional assets, raising prices, and changes in leadership, which analysts believe should be reflected in earnings as soon as 2017-2018. The company hopes to display earnings growth in the high to single digits, as it has missed estimates for the last 3 years. While refranchising efforts may reduce revenue in the short term, it is expected to improve operating margins by 50%. Nik Modi of RBC Capital, who reiterated an Outperform rating and $51 price target on the company on April 14, 2016, weighed in on the refranchising efforts, stating,  We believe investors have over looked the implication of CocaCola s refranchising efforts on the company s volume trends. 

According to TipRanks, 70% of analysts covering the beverage giant are bullish on the company while 30% remain neutral. The average 12-month price target between these analysts is $48.86, marking a 6% potential upside from where shares last closed. 
2016-07-26
How to Trade Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Ahead of Earnings On Thursday, July 28th, Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) will release its Q2 earnings results. The company is currently a Zacks Rank #4 (Sell) and shares are down about 3% year-to-date.

Join David on Thursday at 1:30pm CST on YouTube to see his thoughts on Alphabet s past earnings, look at what is currently going on with the company, and gives us his thoughts on their upcoming earnings announcement.

Furthermore, Dave will look into some potential options trades for investors looking to make a play on Alphabet ahead of earnings.

Alphabet Inc. in Focus

Alphabet Inc. is engaged in technology business. The company provides web-based search, advertisements, maps, software applications, mobile operating systems, consumer content, enterprise solutions, commerce, and hardware products through its subsidiaries.

Alphabet is coming off of an earnings miss of 5.35% in its Q1 2016 earnings report, posting an EPS that was $0.34 lower than the Zacks Consensus Estimate.

GOOGL has an average EPS surprise of -2.78% for the last four quarters. In Q2 2015, GOOGL missed estimates by 9.54%. This trend continued in Q3 2015, where GOOGL missed estimates by 2.39%. However, GOOGL went on to beat estimates in Q4 2015 by 6.17%.

ALPHABET INC-A Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise

ALPHABET INC-A Price, Consensus and EPS Surprise | ALPHABET INC-A Quote

Heading into this earnings report, our Most Accurate Estimate for Alphabet is $6.53, higher than the Zacks Consensus Estimate by $0.06.

Alphabet took a big a hit after its Q1 2016 earnings report, so all eyes are on this one as it will decide what direction the stock travels in the near term. Alphabet has been busy on many fronts, but activity on subsidiary Google will be a telltale sign on what is to come.

In Q1, revenue from Alphabet s search business dropped 4.1% sequentially while that from partner sites dropped 10.9%. This resulted in a total ad revenue decline of 5.5%, and given the negative EPS surprise, the stock clearly felt the result. Google-owned sites as well as partner sites brought in 71% and 18% of quarterly revenue respectively, reflecting how large of an impact they have on the company at this point.

Although ad demand has increased, GOOGL has seen a decrease in cost-per-click. This refers to the model in which the amount of payment Google requires from clients is based on the amount of times the ad was clicked on. Should cost-per-click continue to decrease, Alphabet could feel some more pain due to decreased revenue moving forward.

Subscribe to our channel to be notified of future live streams, and make sure to check out our other videos for more stock information.

Dave Bartosiak is the editor of the Momentum Trader and Home Run Investor service. He has over a decade of experience in the financial services industry. He has traded forex, futures, stocks, and options. Mr. Bartosiak is a frequent guest on popular business news TV channels such as Bloomberg TV. He s also the host of a light-hearted, Millennial-minded series of videos called  Trending Stocks. 

Zacks Equity Research provides the best of quantitative and qualitative analysis to help investors know what stocks to buy and which to sell for the long-term.





Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report



ALPHABET INC-A (GOOGL): Free Stock Analysis Report



To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Continued to be Innovative, Google Introduced New Phone App Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) biggest unit Google has recently announced a new update to its Nexus phone app. This new update is intended to help Android smartphone and Nexus owners to avoid spam calls. According to Company, device owners will automatically get warnings about the spam calls and they will be able to block and report phone numbers of unwanted calls.

Android and Nexus owners have to update the latest version of the google phone app and they will be able to use new spam protection feature by activating Caller ID on their phones.

Android One smartphone and Nexus users who receive phone calls that Alphabet Inc (GOOG) s Google accused are spam will get the phrase  suspected spam caller  or  spam  on their devices  screens. And then to see the suspected spam calls on their devices users can go to phone history and block calls from associated numbers. They also have a choice to report the spam call.

When it comes to the worth, Google parent company Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) has a market value of $516 billion making it the second most valuable company in the entire globe. While on the other hand, Yahoo posted a net loss of $4.36 billion last year. On Monday, Verizon Communications acquired Yahoo for $4.8 billion.

A big reason of Alphabet Inc (GOOG) s victory over yahoo has been its consistent management team that work persistently on the technology for its huge online-advertising business. Whereas, Yahoo lingered among six CEOs with ambiguous business models because their main focus was on content rather than technology.

The quality of Google s search engine attracted millions of users as its leadership team had a focus on search. Google sells ads in its search results and that ad business has become a largest success. Last year this ad business generated approximately $75 billion revenue.

Yahoo also tried to come in competition with Alphabet Inc but didn t gain that huge success and could not stop the drop in revenue.

Recent Trading Review:

In the last trading session, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) declined -0.23% and closed the day at $757.52. However, the stock has performed well through the quarter and rated as winning stock by gaining 5.97%.

According to the Wall Street journal, stock has a price target of $910.90. RBC Capital's 2Q Earnings Preview: Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Facebook Inc (FB ... Top analyst Mark Mahaney at RBC Capital weighs in on internet giants Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Dive in to see why this analyst believes you should add positions in these three ahead of upcoming earnings reports.

Mark Mahaney is ranked #7 out of 4,077 analysts on TipRanks. He maintains a 65% success rate and an average return of 19.7%. When suggesting AMZN, the analyst maintains a success rate of 91% and an average profit of 38%. When recommending FB, Mahaney sustains a success rate of 100% and an average profit of 41.5%. When rating GOOGL, the analyst upholds a success rate of 82% and an average profit of 31%.

Amazon.com, Inc.

Mahaney weighs in on Amazon ahead of the company s second-quarter earnings set for Thursday, July 28, 2016. The company is expected to report earnings in-line with consensus estimates, according to the analyst. The analyst reiterates an Outperform rating with a price target of $800.00

Mahaney expects AMZN to report $29.6B in revenue, $1.07 B in pro forma operating income, and GAAP EPS of $1.11 on July 28th. According to the analyst,  Our revenue estimate is in-line with consensus but above the midpoint of company guidance while our GAAP EPS estimate of $1.11 is just ever-so-slightly higher than consensus of $1.10. 

The analyst explains that, according to comScore U.S Online Retain spend trends, total U.S. Online Desktop Spending rose 17% in Q2. The analyst also notes that Amazon posted Q2 SSS growth of 12% year-over-year, based on ChannelAdvisor data. Based on comScore data, Amazon  Sites Q2 U.S. total Multi-Platform Unique visitor growth was up 1% Y/Y, in-line with Q1. U.S. average Total Page Views to Amazon.com grew 20% Y/Y, vs. 20% Y/Y growth in Q1. 

The analyst firmly believes that Amazon holds as a core long investment because of its two key end-markets   retail and cloud computing   and the competitive barriers around the company s core businesses. The analyst upholds that Amazon maintains a level of excellence in business execution and extends that his $800.00 price target is based on a sum of parts approach, valuing North American Retail, International Retail, and AWS.

According to TipRanks, AMZN is rated as a Strong Buy, with 92% of analysts issuing a Buy rating for AMZN, and 8% maintaining a Hold rating for the stock. The consensus target price for AMZN is $831.87, marking a 12.47% upside from current prices.

Facebook Inc.

Mahaney also weighs in on Facebook ahead of the company s second-quarter earnings report tomorrow. The analyst reiterates an Outperform rating with a price target of $165.00.

According to the analyst,  we are expecting revenue, Non-GAAP EBIT and non-GAAP EPS of $5.99B, $3.18B and $0.80, respectively, nearly in-line with Consensus at $6.00B, $3.24B and $0.81. Note that our estimates imply 51% Y/Y (ex-FX) revenue and 59% Y/Y non-GAAP EPS growth. 

The analyst is expecting user engagement to grow 14% year-over-year, and flat advertising revenue growth. The analyst continues to recommend FB, despite material share price outperformance over the past 18 months. Mahaney sees  FB s growth-adjusted valuation   a 15X  17 EV/EBITDA multiple vs. almost 40% EBITDA growth   as highly attractive.  Nanigans reported positive pricing data for Facebook ads in Q2 in addition to a report that showed significant adoption and spend on Instagram.

Overall, the analyst believes that the markets underappreciate Facebook s product innovation, usage, and user growth. In addition, he sees significant upside in monetization momentum and long-term P&L.

According to TipRanks, 92% of analysts issue a Buy rating for FB, while 8% maintain a Hold rating. The consensus target price for FB is $146.71, marking a 20.62% upside from current levels.

Alphabet Inc.

Finally, Mahaney offers his insights on Alphabet ahead of the company s Q2 earnings report on Thursday, July 28. Mahaney reiterates an Outperform rating for the stock with a price target of $1,000.

The analyst believes that the Street s estimates are reasonable heading into earnings. Mahaney stated,  For Q2:16, we are expecting gross revenue of $20.55B, net revenue of $16.72B, non-GAAP operating income of $7.08B, and non-GAAP EPS of $8.35. Our gross and net revenue estimates are a bit below consensus, while our non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP EPS estimates are just above consensus. 

The analyst explains that the company s share of U.S desktop search queries has fallen 10bps in Q2 from Q1, but notes that over time, desktop is becoming a less important factor for the company s valuation.

Revenue and operating margins remain an integral part of investor focus at this time, however. The analyst explains,  we are looking for Core Google gross revenue of $20.4B and net revenue of $16.6B, driven by increasing strength in Mobile Search, Programmatic, and YouTube.  Paid clicks, CPC s, and TAC are also at the center of the analyst s focus heading into the company s earnings.

Overall, Mahaney believes there is still significant secular growth potential for internet advertising, strong market share in Google s core search business, and significant  competitive moats  protecting Google from outside competition.

According to TipRanks, 100% of analysts issue a Buy rating for GOOGL. The consensus target price for GOOGL is $921.55, marking a 21.65% upside from current prices. Alphabet Inc Google Backed Chinese Smartwatch Company To Take On Apple Inc. Watch Published By: Ken Bock on July 26, 2016 09:57 am EST

Mobvoi Inc is a Chinese artificial intelligence startup company backed by Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to take on the Apple Watch. Mobvoi aims to put an end to the dominance of Apple Watch when it launched its second generation smartwatch in September. Interestingly, Apple is also expected to launch its next generation Apple Watch in September, so Mobvoi must ensure to brings its A-Game. Here is The Country Caller s take on Google-backed Mobvoi taking on Apple in the smartwatch business.

Mobvoi is actually a four-year-old startup founded by a group of ex-employees from Google. The Chinese tech company hopes that US users would appreciate second generation of its Ticwatch smartwatch which has been a huge success in China. Ticwatch brought innovative and novel features like voice-activated searches and touch-sensitive scrolling. The company aims to bring massive improvements to its next generation smartwatch in a hope to compete against powerful Apple Watch.

The next generation Ticwatch will be able to respond to user queries in English and also allow users to input complex tasks simply by speaking to the smartwatch itself. Users will be able to order food, book Uber and rent apartments, simply by speaking appropriate commands into Mobvoi s smartwatch.

Li Zhifei, founder and Chief Executive of the Beijing-based tech company, has estimated sales of around 50,000 units within the first year of launch in the US. He anticipates his company to generate revenue of around US$100 million by the end of 2017. The smartwatch by Mobvoi will retail for an estimated $200 which is significantly cheaper than the price tag associated with the cheapest available Apple Watch. The company banks on the backing of Google to maximize its chances to succeed in the US and directly take on the competitor.

Apple Watch will come pre-installed with a significantly improved operating system. However, Mobvoi s unique AI application might just turn out to be its biggest threat in the smartwatch industry. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Latest Leak Confirms Specs For Nexus 2016 ... Published By: Patrick Arruda on July 26, 2016 08:09 am EST

The last few months have numerous leaks surface about Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) upcoming Nexus devices. According to multiple sources, HTC has partnered with Google to release two new Nexus devices later this year. Rumors suggest that there will be a 5.2inch and another 5.5inch model, though both devices will feature a similar design. Now, a new leak by tipster Evan Blass gives us details of the specs of the smaller Sailfish variant.

Evan Blass today discovered and released a build.prop file that shows the details of specs for the 5.2 inch Sailfish variant. The new device is reported to feature Full HD display that will produce a screen density of 420. The device will also feature the Snapdragon 820 chipset rather than the Snapdragon 821 which was rumored to power the new device. The report also stated that the new device will feature biometric authentication, which will most probably come with a fingerprint scanner.

The report claims that the bigger Marlin variant will only differ in terms of size and both Nexus devices will share the same specs. The new Nexus devices will also feature built in VR technology as the new devices will be the support to Google s recently introduced VR platform called daydream. The upcoming Nexus devices will come pre-installed with Android Nougat 7.0, which brings in ton of new features and improvements to further enhance user experience.

There are also reports that Google is planning to release two new Nexus smartwatches alongside the new smartphones as the company looks to compete directly with the Apple Watch. The Nexus devices are also reported to feature a new  G  logo in place of the Nexus logo that was found on all previous Nexus devices. The evices are also rumored to be the most powerful devices that the company has released so far. The anticipated phones are to be launched in the coming month at the awaited event by the company. Alphabet Inc Android Nougat 7.0 Vs. Apple Inc. iOS 10: Who Reigns Supreme? Published By: Patrick Arruda on July 26, 2016 09:25 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) both have recently released the latest previews for their mobile operating systems as the companies are preparing to launch the official versions later this year. iOS 10 and Android Nougat 7.0 both promise to bring a bunch of new improvements and features for their users and in doing so, both the operating systems have moved closer to one another in terms of features and design than before. Today we look at some of the new features from each OS and see which is better in terms of overall user experience.

Apple has redesigned its user interface with iOS 10 as there is a new Wake Up feature that lets users glance at notifications and check the time by just lifting up the iPhone. There is also support for widgets on the new iOS 10 as there are now widgets that offer notifications at a glance and Apple has also opened widgets to third-party developers.

Android Nougat comes with changes mostly under the hood as the Doze feature has been enhanced to make sure your phone lasts throughout the day. There are also better multitasking capabilities in Android Nougat 7.0 as there is now finally the option to bring up multiple windows on one screen. The new OS has also better optimizations for VR which will allow for a greater VR viewing experience.

With iOS 10, Apple has finally opened up Siri to third-party developers. This means that now users will be able to reserve an Uber or open up WhatsApp just by asking Siri. Siri has also been integrated with the new Quick Type keyboard which provides for a faster typing experience as Siri is able to predict text such as Contact Details and Addresses in the suggestions box.

Google has also added new features to its Google Now assistant which is now able to carry out complete conversations. This comes after Google announced the new Google Home assistant which will also be powered by Google Now.

Both operating systems offer unique features for their users and at the end, it comes down to preference more than anything else. Both companies have, however, listened to user feedback and made improvements that will enhance battery life and offer smoother multitasking. BlackBerry unveils second, cheaper, Android device A third Android device is expected from BlackBerry in coming months. Photo: Reuters

Toronto: BlackBerry Ltd unveiled an Android-based handset on Tuesday, a device that combines Alphabet Inc s popular software and broad app catalog with the company s security and productivity features at a lower price.

The faded smartphone pioneer is hoping the DTEK50 will sell in greater numbers than the Priv, its first phone using the Android operating system, which chief executive John Chen has said suffered because of its high price.

The company said the touchscreen-only DTEK50 will cost $299 in the US, Canada and across Europe.

At its November launch the Priv, which featured a slide out keyboard, cost $699 without a contract in the US and C$899 without a contract in Canada.

The company cut the price of the Priv in the US and across Europe in April, while earlier this month it said it would cease production of its Classic handset, which uses its own BlackBerry 10 operating system.

A third Android device is expected from BlackBerry in coming months. Reuters 
2016-02-09
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Self-Driving Cars Coming To London? Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has caught the attention of the world with its self-driving cars. The search giant is one of the few companies testing its cars and looking to make progress on this technology. Some of its cars have already been seen on the road and the company plans to have them ready soon.

Testing has taken place in the U.S. but other countries and cities want to be part of this technology. One of the cities is London, where transport authorities are trying to bring car companies to test their technology. T he Isle of Man government is also working to bring self-driving cars to the island.

Isabel Dedring, who is working as the deputy mayor for transport in London, told The Guardian that the mayor s office and the search giant had already discussed the idea of bringing the cars to the city. In the Isle of Man, Transportation Minister Phil Gawne, has suggested that instead of a city, companies working on this technology could have an entire island.

Gawne has been working hard to make this happen and said that the island s government has been talking with a number of vehicle companies. He also said that any changes to the law could be completed this summer.

Google has been testing its self-driving cars in California and other states but the world is waiting to be part of this technology, so it would make sense for them and other car companies to start testing in other countries. The search giant has also announced that theirs cars have driven millions of miles without any crashes or collisions.

The Isle of Man has a population of 90,000 but the island has become a nice place for companies. The government is open to changes and their tax system benefits them. London has a population of almost nine million and would also be a great place for testing as the companies always study how the cars behave in a big city.

Google has been working on self-driving cars for some time now and experts believe they could be ready in 2020. The search giant is not the only one working on this technology, a few other companies are working on something similar and expect to have their cars ready right around the same time.

What do you think about this technology? Will it be ready by 2020? Let us know in the comments.



 
2016-12-20
Top Analyst Highlights from E-Commerce Holiday Trends Update Conference Call ... On the heels of hosting an investor call last week with two expert online marketplace sellers, Peter Cobb of eBags and Jordan Insley of Quick Ship Brands, top analyst Colin Sebastian at Baird is chiming in with bullish calls on three internet giants in his coverage universe: Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY), and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

Sebastian gleaned new insights into holiday e-commerce trends from the conference call, recognizing these trends point to post-election weakness recovery thanks to robust Cyber-Five growth coupled with mobile traffic. For context, the  Cyber Five  period is the time frame following Thanksgiving through December to-date. Commentary shines the most for Amazon and Facebook, and is  mildly positive  for eBay and Alphabet.

Colin Sebastian has a very good TipRanks score with a 68% success rate and he stands at #37 out of 4,283 analysts. Sebastian garners 14.5% in his annual returns. When recommending AMZN, Sebastian earns 32.8% in average profits on the stock. When suggesting FB, Sebastian realizes 18.4%. When rating EBAY, Sebastian yields 11.6%. When advising GOOGL, Sebastian gains 15.3%.

Let s dive in:

Amazon s Competitive Edge Likely to Rise

Amazon appears to be in a  strong  position based upon Sebastian s conversation with Cobb of eBags. Leading him to reiterate an Outperform rating on shares of AMZN with an $850 price target, which represents a just under 10% increase from current levels.

In fact, the analyst notes that from Cobb s viewpoint, Amazon rivals its competitor eBay in the spectrum of mobile experience, asserting,  In particular, Mr. Cobb believes that eBay s mobile experience lags Amazon, as it requires customers to manually sort through a larger number of search results. 

However, Sebastian bears in mind,  As Amazon continues to build out private brands across multiple categories, merchants and brands may become increasingly cautious in selling on the platform. While Amazon continues to generate significant order volumes, we note that sellers may, over time, seek out alternative marketplaces and/or develop and nurture their own online retail sites and apps. 

 In the event of another recession, Amazon will likely see its growth reduced again; however, longer term downturns typically increase Amazon s competitiveness as weaker competitors may be forced out of business or have less capital flexibility to make long-term investments,  the analyst surmises.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AMZN as a Strong Buy. Out of 34 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 32 are bullish on Amazon while 2 remain sidelined. With a return potential of nearly 23%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $950.19.

Facebook is a King of Advertising Spend- Thanks to Mobile and Video

Facebook and Alphabet were among two of the shining lights of the conference call, thanks to domination of ad spend on back of driving forces in mobile and video. Accordingly, the analyst reiterates an Outperform rating on FB without listing a price target.

Sebastian accentuates,  Mobile traffic continues to improve and drive an increasing share of visits and engagement, as expected, with merchants allocating larger portions of their advertising budgets to mobile and mobile video despite the lower conversion rates vs. desktop ads. Both executives mentioned video as an increasingly important format to engage with consumers. 

Furthermore, the analyst opines,  With respect to customer acquisition, Google and Facebook are still dominating advertising spend, with mobile video on Facebook emerging this holiday as a new driver of engagement and sales. Separately, eBay CEO Devin Wenig tweeted mobile GMB (gross merchandise bought) share vs. desktop reached 38% on Thanksgiving (up from 35% in 2015), suggesting the growth in mobile traffic has more than offset the related decrease in average order value. 

However, with reigning clout also comes the careful watch of government authorities.  Facebook has achieved overwhelming dominance in the bulk of its key markets and consequently is likely to face increased scrutiny from the DOJ, the EU, and other government watchdogs,  Sebastian concludes, positive on the social media giant, but aware of impending risks.

TipRanks analytics indicate FB as a Strong Buy. Based on 38 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 35 rate a Buy on FB while 3 maintain a Hold. The 12-month average price target stands at $157.71, marking a 32% upside from where the stock is currently trading.

eBay s Potential Lies in Forthcoming Platform Updates

Whereas Cobbs of eBags sees weakness in eBay, Insley of Quick Ship Brands sees the company as  healthy and improving, and Sebastian tends to agree. The analyst reiterates an Outperform rating on shares of EBAY with a $35 price target, which represents a close to 20% increase from current levels.

Sebastian underscores a general sense of positivity surrounding the platform, as he believes,  Overall, commentary around the planned updates to eBay s platform seemed optimistic, as merchants and brands anticipate better organic search visibility as a result of improved product/category indexing. In particular, Mr. Cobb believes that eBay s mobile experience lags Amazon, as it requires customers to manually sort through a larger number of search results. As eBay structured data initiatives progress through 2017, he expects to see better product visibility from both an SEO and on-site search standpoint, giving customers more relevant results and alleviating some of the biggest challenges for marketplace sellers.

 eBay has previously disclosed that the marketplace hosts over a billion live product listings, and many sellers find it difficult to stand out, particularly in crowded product categories. By introducing improved sorting and filtering tools, eBay will seek to streamline the shopping experience for customers while giving sellers greater product exposure,  the analyst contends, anticipating that enhanced customer mobile experience will bode well for the e-commerce and online auction giant.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate EBAY as a Buy. Out of 23 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 9 are bullish on eBay stock, 11 remain sidelined, and 3 are bearish on the stock. With a return potential of nearly 14%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $33.21.

Alphabet s Big Threat: Facebook

Google, much like Facebook, has made great strides in mobile and video, with robust growth in Search, a key to winning in both mobile advertising as well as customer acquisition, which are on a surge in expectation of rising volumes.

Therefore, the analyst picks Alphabet as his fourth bullish call, reiterating an Outperform rating on GOOGL without listing a price target.

However, like Facebook, Sebastian is wary that success will bear anti-trust and regulatory-related risks, warning,  As Google s dominance has grown in Search, the DOJ has increased scrutiny of the company s activities. This may hamper Google s competitiveness in the future. 

Moreover, Facebook remains a viable threat to Alphabet, as Sebastian predicts  Facebook may also, over time, compete in search, by using its social network data to augment a search index compiled of public web data.  Additionally,  It is possible that Facebook will launch a third-party Display Network to compete with Google s network, and thereby take market share,  the analyst adds.

Overall, though Sebastian nonetheless maintains buying opportunity is still compelling for GOOGL, he remains more confident on Facebook in the long-term.

TipRanks analytics show GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 28 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 26 rate a Buy on GOOGL, 1 maintains a Hold, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month average price target stands at $968.33, marking a 19% upside from where the stock is currently trading. 
2016-02-20
How Alphabet Inc. Is Pushing (Successfully) for Autonomous Car Laws It almost goes without saying that self-driving cars have the potential to change the world. But before that happens, existing transportation laws will have to be modified significantly in order to accommodate them.

In this clip, Sean O'Reilly and Vincent Shen talk about why Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) is lobbying government agencies to change their definition of a "driver." They also discuss the areas new transportation laws will have to cover before autonomous cars can drive us to work every morning.

Listen to the full podcast by clicking here. A full transcript follows the video.

This podcast was recorded on Feb. 11, 2016.

Sean O'Reilly: All this autonomous car stuff, driverless car stuff, it requires regulations. We just got a big update there, by the way.



Vincent Shen: Yes. So, I'm really excited to talk about this topic. It's not something that we would usually cover on our consumer show, of course. And, before we get into some of the companies and the technologies and the innovation that's happening in this space, there is of course, the regulatory framework. And there's a big update recently being pushed by Google, actually. Basically, Google is obviously very well-known for pushing a lot of these self-driving car efforts. They've been petitioning the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration to basically reevaluate how it defines a driver. The idea being, while some companies are approaching the self-driving car where they're still giving it a steering wheel, brake pedals and things along those lines, where the riders can still operate the car, Google is envisioning it where there's none of that, and the car is truly...



O'Reilly: It's literally just a pod or something.



Shen: Exactly. And, as a result, they want to petition the government to consider the fact that, in those instances where there is no steering wheel, and that person is just getting into this pod like you mentioned, the driver is considered the software, and not the rider.



O'Reilly: So, I'm sure that what just popped into our listeners' minds, because it popped into my mind immediately, was: What happens in the event of a fatality or something? Is it just an act of God? Or what?



Shen: This is where, I think, a lot of laws and rules are going to need to be rewritten, exempted, waived, or just changed to try and catch up with the technology. All this decision really came out as basically, the Traffic Safety Administration agreed with what Google was petitioning...



O'Reilly: Wow.



Shen: ...in this instance. But there's still a lot of work to do, obviously. So, in those instances, where you mentioned like, there's a fatality, for example, that is ultimately the main focus of these companies, where they see the benefits of these cars and this technology, of making driving safer, reducing congestion, and also potentially having a lot of environmental benefits as well, and way more than that actually, as we get into it. The thing is, there's going to be, obviously, a really long fight ahead to create all of those exemptions, the exceptions, and necessary rules to adapt for this. But on that note, I will say that Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx commented earlier this year -- I think it was at the Auto Show, the big Detroit Auto Show -- his department is really supportive of this technology. And he's stated that he would actually consider speeding up the process or even waiving some rules in order to help get these cars on the road, assuming they could pass all the safety tests and things along those lines.



O'Reilly: The reasoning being that the benefits outweigh the potential downsides?



Shen: Yeah. If the technology is proven, and they can drive safely. When you remove elements like people being distracted, texting on the phone, or things along those lines, or just aggressive drivers, when you can remove some of those elements...



O'Reilly: Well, is it true that... I heard that Google's autonomous cars that they've been testing, they've been in a few accidents, but they were all human errors or something?



Shen: Yeah, from the other party. That's generally what I've heard as well.



O'Reilly: Yeah. It's like, well, if every car on the road is an autonomous car, and they're all talking to each other, I mean, I would have to assume auto fatalities alone would go down like 99% or something. So, OK. Obviously, your answer to my question earlier, it sounds like they don't have actual rules written for when a fatality happens?



Shen: No, no, of course not. So, this is just kind of moving in that direction, where you can see that they are making some progress, and it seems like, in terms of the government, they are supportive of these efforts, and they are generally trying to work with automakers, technology companies, and building out this technology together.



O'Reilly: So, the conversation has begun, wait and see, but if the government is on board, that's obviously bullish. 
2016-12-05
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Gets a Barron's Boost Like this homebuilder stock has been named a "top pick" by Barron's (subscription required). The publication called the tech giant "one of the world's great businesses," and "an impressive growth company" in spite of its size. The upbeat piece has GOOGL shares trading 1.8% higher at $778 -- though they're still slightly in the red on a year-to-date basis.Not everyone's a fan of the stock, however. Options traders have recently been buying to open GOOGL puts over calls at an accelerated rate. Specifically, the stock's 10-day put/call volume ratio at the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX) is 0.88 -- just 7 percentage points from a 12-month peak.Echoing this put-skew is Alphabet's Schaeffer's put/call open interest ratio (SOIR). At 1.00, this ratio indicates put and call open interest are even among options expiring in the front three-months' series. However, the SOIR ranks in the high 83rd annual percentile, hinting at a relative preference for puts over calls.No matter which options traders are interested in, right now is a good time to purchase premium on short-term contracts. GOOGL sports a Schaeffer's Volatility Index (SVI) of 21%, sitting south of 99% of all other readings taken in the prior year. In other words, the options market is pricing in historically low volatility expectations at the moment.Returning to the charts, GOOGL has had a good day but an unimpressive year. Things have been tough since the stock's late-October peak, too, with the shares shedding 7.3%. Fortunately, it appears GOOGL stock may have established a foothold at its ascending 320-day moving average, which previously served as support in late June.Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) near-term struggles have been shared by its fellow "FANG" peers, including Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB). In fact, earlier today, the European Union called out both GOOGL and FB for not curbing hate speech quickly enough.

Sign up now for Schaeffer's Market Recap to get all the day's big stock movers, must-know technical levels, and top economic stories straight to your inbox. Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Screams 'We Need India!' With Google Allo China tends to hog the spotlight when it comes to U.S. technology companies looking for new markets. But India may be the bigger prize. In the latest indicator of the importance of India as a market to American tech giants, Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) Google Allo messaging app now supports Hindi.

Source: Google

The market for the consumer products that big technology companies like Google and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) sell is becoming saturated in North America. There are only so many Android phones and and iPhones you can sell here, especially when almost everyone already owns one.

China or India?

A mature market means the days of record-setting sales quarters are ending.

Thats why countries like China and India are looked to for growth. Their populations dwarf that of North America and there s a growing demand for smartphones.

China has often been considered the prize. Its population of 1.357 billion is over four times that of the U.S. and wealth has been rapidly building in the country   along with a demand for high-tech gadgets.

However, China is a tough nut to crack. It s home to many competing technology firms like Xiaomi and Oppo that are selling home-grown smartphones at a fraction of the price of an iPhone. The government and its strict policies (including censorship) can be difficult to deal with, as companies from Google to Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ) have discovered.

Given the challenges in China, India has become an increasingly attractive market.

With a population of 1.25 billion, it is nearly as large as China. Like China, India has a growing economy and an expanding middle class, but India is a decade or more behind China in its econonomic development. So moving on India now means getting in early, unlike China which requires considerable effort to establish a presence.

In addition, India s government is seen as being easier to deal with by Western technology companies and India lacks the powerhouse local technology companies that have been taking over the Chinese smartphone market.

Google Allo Goes Hindi

There s no Chinese version, but Google is now rolling out Hindi support in its Allo messaging app, in a clear nod to the importance it places on the Indian market. As Ars Technica points out, this is just the latest in a series of India firsts for the company.

Next Page Google: YouTube Poised To Explode  YouTube, Quitters And The Black Market Of Advertising On April 23, 2005, the very first YouTube video was released. Eleven years later, YouTube has grown to have 5 billion videos watched a day, 1.3 billion total number of users, an estimated annual revenue of $10 billion for 2016 and yet it is not profitable. In fact at a recent summit, the CEO of YouTube had stated that it is still in investment mode. Originally purchased in October 2006 by Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) for $1.65 billion, it is now estimated to have a valuation of $70 to $90 billion on its own. Making about 13% - 17% of the current market cap of Google, we wanted to do some analysis of the risks and opportunities that YouTube has coming ahead. Especially since there have been recent videos put out by major content creators including PewDiePie, the #1 most subscribed YouTuber, contemplating quitting the service.

History

Starting out as a failed dating website, who knew YouTube would end up being the central hub for video content today. Chad Hurley, Steven Chen and Jawed Karim came up with the idea back in 2005 when they figured the website would work as a dating website where single people would post up videos of themselves to attract others for dates. In fact on the main page of the website you would be entering in your sex and age. Like most success stories, this one had humble beginnings. No one used the first iteration of this website. The creators were so desperate for users that they put Craiglist ads to pay for people to upload videos on their website.

It was the original community who really defined what YouTube would be. Instead of making dating related videos, users would instead upload videos of everything else to share with their friends and family. The original community of YouTube was what led the original founders to revamp the site to be more open and general to entice others to upload videos of whatever they wanted. This is the backbone of what YouTube is today. After Sequoia Capital help fund this venture and began looking for advertisement deals, YouTube began to really hit off with the general public. In fact it was this famous Nike Ad to be the first video to reach a million views. In 2006, Google purchased the company after seeing the potential this platform had for advertising. The following is a synopsis of risks and opportunities we see ahead for YouTube.

YouTubers quitting and increased competition

It was this video by YouTuber PewDiePie quitting that inspired me to write this article. Now it remains to be seen how serious he is to go through with this promise but there is always a risk of talent leaving and taking their subscriber base as well. His main complaint was the subscriber dumps that YouTube would go through from time to time. YouTube does this to get rid of "ghost" accounts. "Ghost" accounts are determined based on their viewing history and will be removed from a channel if they have not had any recent views of that channel. Although it does hurt a channel from an aesthetics point of view due to lowering their subscriber, this is a necessary process. By removing accounts that no longer watch your content, it allows YouTube and the advertisers find a better match for their ads based on your subscriber base.

There are many reasons why YouTubers quit such as stress or running out of creativity. However there has also been some instances of poaching. Two years ago, there was a huge push by Yahoo to reinvent itself and become more competitive with Google. One of their tactics was to lure content creators by enticing them with higher ad revenue share. Currently Google retains 45% of the advertising earned by content creators. In 2015, Vessel was on the hunt trying to poach content creators by enticing creators with higher CPMs. YouTubers earn about $2-3/CPM vs. what Vessel claimed to be able to provide $50/CPM. Their caveat was that content creators also would release videos on their website three days ahead of being released on YouTube, creating an early access pay wall. Coincidentally, both of the aforementioned companies were both purchased by Verizon (NYSE:VZ) in 2016. Although there has yet to be a viable competitor, there will always be future competitors who will attempt to dethrone YouTube. There has been a lot of consolidation in the media place such as AT&T (NYSE:T) and Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) and I would not be surprised if a media giant were to attempt enter the online video space in the future.

The Black market of Online Advertising

YouTube marketing is strong because it can achieve the holy grail of marketing, which is advocacy. Advocacy in marketing is a term which describes the type of marketing that we receive from friends and families. YouTube builds this relationship with viewers through the trust gained by the content creators. In a recent Nielsen report, it found that users trusted online consumer opinions 66% of the time when making a purchase. Due to the fact that YouTube is on the frontier or marketing, it is no surprise that it has also created its own "black-market" for advertising.

On a larger level there has been illegal product placement such as the Xbox One controversy. In summary what happened was that Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) was paying gaming channels to promote their product in a positive light without disclosure that they were being paid to do so. It is explicitly outlined on the FTC website that this is illegal.

On a smaller level there has been paid shills to YouTubers without disclosure (pictured below). The email below was to a fellow smaller YouTuber with only a few thousand subscribers who reviews tech parts. When he replied back to the email telling them they would review the product for free if they got a demo, they got back an email stating that they would only get the product if they gave positive reviews.

If the FTC were ever able to crack down on this illegal black market for advertising dollars it could serve to be a windfall to YouTube. Currently these advertising dollars are being diverted away from YouTube by going straight to the YouTuber. By removing this black market it would increase the amount of money going into legal advertising giving benefit to YouTube.

Valuation

At the end of the day, we want to know how much our investment in YouTube will be worth in the future. Since YouTube is not generating any earnings right now, the only method of valuation we can use is a price multiple on sales. Taking the average of related companies, the Max, the Min and Google's current valuation, we were able to get within the valuation metrics that were being touted by Wall Street. Next using the same metrics we wanted to calculate the value of YouTube in four years, 2020, to see how much the valuation of YouTube growth alone could add to Alphabet's market cap. The growth rates that UBS has proposed in YouTube revenues does present an interesting growth opportunity that implies as high as an annualized 8% share increase just based on YouTube's growth and assuming the rest of Alphabet does not grow at all.

Conclusion

YouTube has grown up in the past 11 years and it still has a lot to grow. Based on the growth projections, Google could be a fantastic long-term holding for any portfolio. While the media may be over blowing the vast exodus of key subscribers of YouTube, it is clear that Wall Street will not quit on YouTube if there is money to be made.

Please hit the follow button above if you would like me to go further into the business of YouTube. Leave a comment below and let me know what your thoughts are on the future for YouTube. Thanks for reading! Google Looks for 'Conservative Outreach' Manager After Trump Election Win For most of Silicon Valley, Donald Trump's U.S. presidential election win was jarring. Google is using its aftermath to burnish its bona fides in Trump's political orbit.

The Alphabet Inc. unit posted a job listing for a manager of "conservative outreach" on its policy team 10 days after the election. The company is searching for a Washington veteran to "tell Google s story in an elevator or from a podium," according to the description on Google's career website.

"As a member of Google's Public Policy outreach team, you will act as Google s liaison to conservative, libertarian and free market groups," the listing reads. "You are part organizer, part advocate and part policy wonk as you understand the world of third-party non-governmental advocacy organizations."

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Google has hired former Republican operatives before and this job isn't new (the previous policy specialist in the role once worked on Mitt Romney's 2012 presidential campaign). But the listing suggests the internet giant is mobilizing to push its multi-faceted agenda with the incoming administration. Google is likely to voice positions on several key political issues, including data encryption, antitrust, telecom rules and autonomous vehicles. On several of them, Trump's policies are uncertain.

The company has kept relatively quiet since the election. In an interview with the BBC the week after, Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai noted how the results reflected a deep divide in the U.S. "We need to figure out how to constructively engage with the new administration and hear the voices of people," Pichai told the British broadcaster. A Google spokesman declined to comment on Monday.

Prior to the election, Eric Schmidt, Alphabet's chairman, was more vocal, expressing willingness to help Hillary Clinton's campaign, according to e-mails obtained by WikiLeaks. He was photographed at a Clinton gathering on the evening of the election wearing a "staff" badge.

Although Google eschewed lobbying in its early years, it has turned into one of the largest corporate forces in Washington. Alphabet has spent $11.9 million so far this year, ranking it in the top five among U.S. companies, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.

Its top lobbyist is Susan Molinari, a former Republican Congresswoman from New York. Her father, Guy Molinari, a luminary in the state's party, spoke out against Trump in 2015. In September, he told a New York City newspaper he was reversing his position and endorsing the party's nominee. 
2016-07-25
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google Rolled Out Two Major Updates this Week Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) s unit Google has reported that to help people in emergency cases, it is using Android phone so that the emergency services will find you when you need them. The service which is making it easier for emergency services works with the support of mobile network. When someone call an emergency number, location of phone is sent through Emergency Location Service.

Google said in a statement,  This feature, when supported by your network, sends location from your phone to emergency services when you dial an emergency number. This uses the same location technologies available to apps on your phone, including Wi-Fi, GPS, and cell towers, to produce a more reliable emergency location both indoors and outdoors. 

According to the Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), the Emergency Location Service covers approximately 99 percent of Android phones. Moreover, the service will be accessible as a part of Google Play Services for phones having Android 2.3 Gingerbread. When location is sent to emergency services, it is never seen by Google.

Related News: Google New Virtual Coach Makes Training of Staff Easier

UK and Estonia are already getting this service with the help of carriers like BT, Vodafone, Telia, EE, O2 and Tele2. And to facilitate people globally with this service, Google is working with other carriers and countries.

Google Maps Getting Better:

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) biggest unit Google has introduced the new Wi-Fi only mode for maps. Mobile navigation tool is becoming more useful with the changes in Google Maps. This new feature will reduce the amount of data used for maps. So the smartphone users will not suffer the reduced speed of data provided by network and overcharges by networks.

Alphabet Inc is upgrading its Google maps app by changing up its offline tools. The main purpose of this feature was to facilitate travellers and to reduce their data charges. Google Maps has bene used by people to download specific map sections for offline use.

Another new feature to hit Google Maps should attract to those who have to travel more to get to work every day. Maps will let travellers to set up custom alerts so they may be cautioned when their normal trip to work is disturbed. Here Are All The New Features In Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Android N Developer ... Published By: Patrick Arruda on July 25, 2016 07:31 am EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently released the last and final developer preview of Android Nougat 7.0 as the company is expected to release the latest version to the public next month. There are a bunch of new features and improvements that Android fans should be excited about, such as advanced Doze functionality, bundled notifications, security improvements and more. Users that are enrolled in the Android Beta Program can download the latest preview via an over the air update. Today, we take a look at all the new features that are included in Developer Preview 5.

Toggles For Wi-Fi and Bluetooth Fixed

When the Quick Settings Wi-Fi or Bluetooth toggle is tapped in the new preview, the selected function will turn off or on. This is a fix from the previous update where when the toggle was tapped, users were taken to the option where they had to select a network for Wi-Fi or choose a device for Bluetooth.

Google Camera Updates

Google Camera has been upgraded to version 4.1 from 3.2 in the new developer preview. Now, users have the option to zoom-in on previously taken pictures. The Google Photos icon is now replaced with an All Photos app. Settings have been redesigned to now fit all options on the main screen. The volume buttons can be adjusted to work with Zoom or work as a shutter button. The Timer, Flash and HDR toggles have been updated to blend in with the width of the device.

App Install Info Details

At the bottom of the App Info screen, there is a new section which shows if the app is installed from the Google Play Store or a third party Package Installer. Android Nougat 7.0 is expected to debut on the next generation Nexus devices that are rumored to be released next month.

Other Nexus devices that will receive the new Android N update include the Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P, Nexus 9, Pixel C and Nexus Player. The Android 7.0 upgrade will also be available for third party manufacturers later this year and this means that devices like the Galaxy S7, LG V10 and HTC 10 will receive the update. Prisma App Now Available For Android Users On Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Google ... Published By: Patrick Arruda on July 25, 2016 10:28 am EST

Prisma is a photo-editing application that has taken smartphone users by a storm. It has finally been launched for Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android devices on Google Play Store. The viral photo-editing application was released after it was originally exclusive for iOS users. Here is The Country Caller s take on Prisma app for Android devices.

Prisma app allows users to convert their selfies into a work of art by picking out the most suitable filters through a system of artificial intelligence network. The best feature about Prisma is that after the application processes your selected image, the applied filter makes Instagram and Snapchat seem very boring. The funky and artistic filters on Prisma have become very popular in short time since it launched. It has only been a month since it was originally launched for iOS devices but it has already accumulated over a million daily users.

Users have to upload a selfie and then choose a desirable filter for that specific picture. Prisma applies artistic work of famous artists, such as Picasso, Van Gogh, Munk, other famous patterns and ornaments to create creative filters for their uploaded images. Interestingly, the app has been designed to incorporate artificial intelligence network to create the best possible filter for your uploaded picture. It has been specifically designed for social-media hungry users, as the photo-editing application allows them to directly upload edited pictures to popular social sites, such as Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, etc.

After its official launch for Android users, Prisma will definitely get millions of additional daily users. The co-founder of Prisma has confirmed that his company is working on to bring more features and options for the popular application. If you haven t already downloaded it, then you are definitely missing out on all the fun. 
2016-07-20
Could Alphabet's New Ad Unit Drive Faster Revenue Growth? Google, owned by Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), is said to be testing a new fourth mobile ad unit in higher monetizing and cost per click categories, including finance, legal and travel.

Innovation

"GOOGL continues to innovate and optimize its monetization, and like the third ad unit last year, we see this potentially leading to faster ad rev growth, even through tough Y/Y growth compares," Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak wrote in a note.

Of the 250 mobile queries sampled in these three categories, roughly 65 percent displayed four mobile ad units. "Legal had the highest penetration of four mobile ad units (69 percent), followed by Finance (64 percent) and Travel (61 percent)," according to Nowak.

Related Link: Earnings Avalanche Puts Emphasis On Leveraged Tech ETFs

Nowak recalled that the addition of a third mobile ad unit boosted the Websites ad revenue growth in the third quarter of 2015.

"If GOOGL is adding an extra ad unit in these highly commercial categories it is likely to be a tailwind to core Websites growth. This change speaks to how GOOGL continues to take steps to improve its search monetization   in this case by again reducing organic search visibility by pushing organic search links further down the results page," Nowak continued.

"This, combined with searchers' higher probability to click on links toward the top of the search results puts more pressure on companies to spend in GOOGL's search auction market," Nowak added.

The Beginning Of Something New

If this is the start of a new ad unit, as the analyst anticipates, the extent to which it is rolled out in 2H2016 should help Alphabet continue to grow through the difficult Websites year-over-year growth compares in the near term.

Furthermore, Nowak said, "the company's focus on innovation and monetization of its 1 billion plus user paid search business (Product Listing Ads, Extended Text Ads, Customer Match, Google Maps, Extra ad units, etc.) enabling it to continue to deliver 20 percent plus annual Google Websites growth into 2017."

Retail Left Behind

Of note, Morgan Stanley's work suggests Alphabet does not appear to be testing a fourth mobile ad unit in the retail category, "as product listing ad units remain the dominant ad unit."

Nowak maintains an Over-Weight rating and $865 price target on Alphabet (GOOGL)'s shares, which closed Tuesday's regular trading session at $753.41.

Ratings data available on Benzinga Pro.

Did you like this article? Could it have been improved? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with the story link to let us know!

Latest Ratings for GOOGL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 BMO Capital Downgrades Outperform Market Perform Mar 2017 Loop Capital Initiates Coverage On Hold Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for GOOGL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Price Target Reiteration Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Earnings Preview: Wells Fargo Weighs In on Facebook Inc (FB), Twitter Inc ... Analyst Peter Stabler of Wells Fargo gave his insights on internet giants Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) ahead of second-quarter earnings. Stabler is concerned about a slowing pace of spending for analog and digital advertising. On top of this, the analyst believes there are company-specific concerns, which he delves into below.

Facebook

Facebook has outperformed the S&P 500 by 7% since it last reported earnings in April. The analyst credits this to its Live video product, the continued growth of Instagram and positive commentary from marketers. Nonetheless, Stabler is concerned about the user and engagement growth of competitor Snapchat.

The analyst singles out Instagram as a major discussion topic in Facebook s upcoming earnings report. Investors are pleased with the continued growth of Instagram s monetization and the analyst believes that FB s integration of Instagram as a smart decision that will help the platform reach more users. He also thinks that adding Instagram into FB s ad-buy system  means the likelihood of investors receiving Instagram revenue data remains remote. 

Facebook Live has continued to show promise, but the analyst expects the company to take a  cautious approach to monetization.  Live content presents risks for marketers and he believes that potential partners will wait to see how successful Live is over a longer period of time before agreeing to sponsorships.

Stabler then discusses Messenger s new bot platform and gives a first hand account of how it works. He details how it updated him on relevant information ahead of his flight faster than he received the equivalent information to his Gmail. While the product seems promising, the analyst anticipates investors to question its path to monetization. On the contrary, he doesn t believe investors will worry about WhatsApp s lack of monetization, but he explains this could change if Facebook s advertising business underperforms.

Lastly, the analyst expects Facebook s algorithm change to prioritize family and friend content over publishers to be received in both a positive and negative light. On one hand Stabler believes that the number of news posts has increased and this change will help  rebalance the distribution of content.  On the other hand, investors may interpret his change as a sign that Facebook believes user engagement is declining and it feels pressured to make a change.

Stabler is lowering his estimates for the second half of 2016 and 2017 due to a stronger dollar. For 2016E he lowered his revenue estimate by 0.4% and by 0.6% for 2017E.

The analyst expects Facebook to  be the leading share beneficiary of funds flowing to social and mobile platforms.  Therefore, he maintains his Outperform rating with a valuation range of $145 to $150.

According to TipRanks, out of the 38 analysts who have rated Facebook in the past 3 months 36 had a Buy rating and 2 had a Hold rating. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $147.71, marking a 22.47% upside from current levels.

Twitter

Twitter has mostly kept up pace with the market since its last earnings report. There was a recent hike in its price, but the analyst credits this to rumors of a possible acquisition from Microsoft. He adds that he does not believe there is a logical near-term buyer for Twitter due to its current challenge of re-engaging users.

This past quarter saw Twitter implement many changes that it hoped would make the Twitter experience easier for the user. These changes include, but are not limited to, the elimination of user addresses and attached media titles, getting rid of the requirement to use @ before a users name and the addition of a curated timeline. While the analyst applauds the good intentions of these changes he does not believe they will change the perception among users that Twitter is  not worth the effort. 

Twitter has also ramped up its live programming, agreeing to deals with the NFL, NCAA sports, political conventions and Bloomberg West. The analyst applauds Twitter s effort to have a  concentrated strategic effort,  but he doubts this will lead to a larger and more engaged user base. Stabler also believes that although Twitter was first to the video market with its acquisition of Vine and Periscope, Facebook and Snapchat have slowly begun to take away this market from Twitter.

Lastly, Stabler points to Twitter s reorganization of its Board as a necessary move in order to get  new eyes  on its product offering, but ultimately he expects this change to have a minimal short-term impact. He thinks that Twitter s core product hasn t experienced the necessary innovation to maintain its users. He adds that a major goal for Twitter should be to  improve engagement metrics. 

The analyst is lowering his revenue forecasts for 2016E and 2017E due to a stronger dollar and is maintaining his Market Perform rating and valuation range of $15 to $16 for the stock.

According to TipRanks, out of the 29 analysts who have rated Twitter in the past 3 months 31% had a Buy rating, 55% had a Hold rating and 14% had a Sell rating. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $18.84, marking a 2.78% upside from current levels.

Alphabet

Shares of Alphabet have underwhelmed since its 1Q 16 earnings report due to concern about traffic acquisition costs, TAC, growth and the pace of digital video against the traditional TV market.

The analyst expects that the upward TAC rate will return to a normal level in 2017 with Sites TAC increasing 20 bps YoY and Network TAC increasing 80 bps YoY. Stabler also believes that investors should encourage Alphabet s shift to mobile monetization because it shows that its mobile product improvements are working.

The analyst also notes that he thinks  Google continues to push mobile search innovation and believe that product improvements  will minimize the difference between mobile and desktop success. With regards to video, the analyst writes that the updated Nielsen demographic quintiles will support a secular shift, which he believes YouTube is best positioned for.

Stabler does agree with investors concerns regarding Facebook s Messenger platform. He notes that Google may be unable to keep up with Facebook s growth in the messaging market with Messenger and WhatsApp.

The analyst states that Google remains the world s dominant search provider and believes the company will be able to take advantage of the  structural evolution of mobile computing/content consumption, brand advertising, and e-commerce.  He is also optimistic about Alphabet s ability to be a major player in wearable computing and automotive technology.

The analyst slightly lowered his 2Q estimates leading to a decline in EPS by $0.03 to $8.02. He also maintained his Outperform rating for the stock with a valuation range of $900 to $925.

According to TipRanks, all 34 analysts who have rated Alphabet in the past 3 months have had a Buy rating. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $911.71, marking a 21.01% upside from current levels.

TipRanks shows that Stabler has a yearly average return of 22.2% and a 68% success rate. The analyst has a 57.7% average return when recommending Facebook, a 37.5% average return when recommending Twitter and a 0.7% average loss when recommending Alphabet. He is ranked #250 out of 4,057 analysts. Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Says That Government Requests for User Data Are at an ... Published By: Patrick Arruda on July 20, 2016 09:08 am EST

According to Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google s Transparency reports, data requests by world governments is up significantly from 1st half of 2015 and even more so than the first half of 2014. The reports reveal that 2nd half of 2015 saw requests zoom past 40,000 while 1st half had almost 35000 requests and 1st half of 2014 had 30,000 requests.

Google s activities in this regard offer a glimpse in to how much user data is requested by governments year after year and also show how much Google cooperates with them. The reports offer a fairly high level of detail and so have triggered similar reports from social networking apps when governments approach them for data. The social networking apps include Facebook, Twitter and the chat app, Line. Since much more sensitive user data than Google is held by these apps because they record how people respond to information rather than just how often they search for it, it actually shows how much the government has become intrusive into our lives.

The reports include data requests from over a 100 countries that include the US, Germany and France, in the order of number of requests. Google, in a blog post, said:  Google is proud to have led the charge on publishing these reports, helping shed light on government surveillance laws and practices across the world. 

The US government led the amount of requests made per year. They requested 12,523 times for data on 27,157 Google users. In these cases, Google complied with their requests 79 percent of the time. In the first half of 2015, the requests number amounted to 12,002.

Germany made 7491 requests while France made 4174 requests. In total, 40677 requests were made worldwide and around 64 percent of them were complied with.

As far as data mining goes, Google is one of the biggest repositories of information there is worldwide. Their reach extends from everyone searching on google.com to everyone using the Android OS to everyone using the Google keyboard on iOS. Google s strategy is taking them to a company that will modify their search engine to such an extent that it will give straight answers to users instead of links to pages. This is a project that Google is working on called the Vault and will take several years to complete.

Not only that, Google plans to amass enough information in the form of biometric scans and even the speed of your keystrokes to get rid of passwords from its devices and software completely. Instead, it will allow software and hardware to recognize you specifically from your habits online and your retinal scans and biometric signatures such as your speech.

Similar projects are being carried out by Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and even Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) to a lesser extent in order to become bubbles or ecosystems that contain almost all types of functionality so that users have to rely less and less on other software to get their work done. Alphabet Inc To Offer Advertisement Opportunities On Google Maps and Google ... Published By: Ken Bock on July 20, 2016 02:07 pm EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) mentioned in its blog that it would start offering new local advertisements across Google Maps and Google.com. Some of the investors have believed Google Maps as one of the significant opportunity for the company, because it is one of the large untapped real estate. However, analyst Gene Muster at Piper Jaffray believes that the true value for Google Maps lies in its location data, which the company can use for relating store visits to core search advertising.

The analyst stated that some of the limited new sponsored pins would begin reflecting on the user searches in Maps. However, the analyst stated that he believes Google would aggressively alter the advertisement experience on Google Maps and risk alienating users.

The analyst believes the new advertisements units for Maps would directly contribute around 1-2% to company s CY17 revenue, but is unlikely to contribute substantial and significant near term change to its model and hence is not included in its numbers.

Piper Jaffray s analyst has made no changes to Outperform rating for the stock, and presented a price target of $911 for the stock, presenting 19.92% upside potential from its current price of $759.66. The mean Price Target for the stock presented by analysts at Street is $910.63, which signifies upside potential of 19.87%, slightly below Piper Jaffray s Price Target estimate.

The stock receives coverage from 48 analysts at Street. Around 27 analysts have rated the stock as Buy, while eighteen analysts have presented Strong Buy rating for the stock. Although the Year-to-Date (YTD) stock performance for the stock has been poor with stock declining by 2.34%, the stock s recent performance is appreciable. In past one month of trading, stock has appreciated by 7.22%. Even in past five days of trading, stock has soared by 4.09%. Apple Inc. App Store Leads Alphabet Inc Google Play Store In Revenues Per App ... Published By: Ken Bock on July 20, 2016 09:50 am EST

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) App Store makes four times the revenue per app for developers than Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Play Store, that too, with only half the number of downloads per app, according to a report published by AppAnnie about Q2.

If we look at previous reports and compare the App Store and Play Store revenue-wise, a similar image pops up with App Store leading the Play Store with 75% more revenue in Q4FY14. Similarly, Q1FY15 also tells the same story, with App Store making up to 90% more revenue for developers than Play Store. The reason, according to AppAnnie, was that Android has been lacking in market share at the upper echelon of the high-end smartphone market.

Also, the biggest reason for the amazing growth in App Store revenues is iOS game sales in China. According to the report, sales in China have surpassed sales in the United States, and that segment is not even close to reaching its full potential yet. The growth is not even bound to only App Store or game sales, as other app services in the country have also shown tremendous appetite for expansion.

iOS entertainment services, such as Netflix and HBO Now, are also a major factor in the App Store s growing revenue number, which is now close to parity with the music and video streaming services. Apple is not the only company demonstrating growth in the sector, but other companies, such as Google, just haven t been able to keep up with App Store.

App Store revenues don t exactly make up a huge part of Apple s annual income, but growth in the sector is obviously encouraging to see. App Store ads have not yet been implemented, but once done, the significance held by App Store would certainly increase by manifold. Nokia Looks To Bounce Back With Two New Alphabet Inc Android Nougat 7.0 Devices Published By: Ken Bock on July 20, 2016 11:56 am EST

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) recently sold off its Nokia feature phone business, as the acquisition completely failed to make an impact in a market dominated by iOS and Android. Microsoft bought Nokia a couple of years ago in an effort by the company to compete in the ever evolving smartphone industry. Microsoft, however, failed to build a business with the Nokia Lumia smartphones after which the company was sold to Chinese manufacturer Foxconn. This led many to believe that Nokia was done and dusted even though HMD Global recently acquired rights to sell Nokia devices.

Now a new report has been published by Chinese publication GizmoChina, which claims that two devices under the Nokia brand are coming in the next few months. HMD Global will be responsible for manufacturing the two devices as the company owns the license to sell Nokia devices for the next ten years. The two devices are expected to feature 5.2inch and 5.5inch displays with 2K resolution and will be powered by the latest Android Nougat 7.0 with a custom Z-Launcher system user interface.

The report stated that both devices will be powered by the Snapdragon 820 processor alongside 4GB of RAM. The two devices are also reported to have an IP68 rating which will make the smartphones dust proof and water resistant. The one with the bigger display is to sport a Carl Zeiss 22.6MP lens and might also feature a dual camera display. The new device is expected to cost almost $400.

HMD Global had recently stated that the company is keen on getting Nokia smartphones back in user hands as the firm is expected to invest $500 million in their latest venture. The new devices are also expected to be priced in the middle, as Nokia will look to target third world countries, as there is where most Nokia devices are still being used. Google Uses AI to Lure New Cloud Customers Google is pitching its artificial-intelligence software to commercial customers in a bid to catch rivals in the increasingly lucrative business of renting its computer servers to other companies.

The Alphabet Inc. unit has fallen behind competitors Amazon.com Inc. and Microsoft Corp. in so-called cloud computing, a rapidly growing business in which tech firms host other companies  digital businesses on their servers. Forrester... 
2016-10-14
Alphabet Inc   Google News Debuts 'Fact Check' Feature Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG ,NASDAQ: GOOGL ) has launched a  fact check  feature to its Google News articles.

The move is designed to help debunk or confirm certain claims made in articles that show up on Google News. The move was announced in the company s blog post online.

Alphabet said that the Fact Check tag will join a number of other tags that already exist, such as In-Depth, Highly Cited, as well as Opinion that already exist in some articles on Google News.

Head of Google News Richard Gingras noted that users have enjoyed having easy access to a number of content types.  Earlier this year, we added a  Local Source  Tag to highlight local coverage of major stories. Today, we re adding another new tag,  Fact check,  to help readers find fact checking in large news stories. 

The move comes just ahead of the U.S. presidential election which will take place in under a month, on Tuesday, November 8. The algorithm designed by the tech giant examines articles in order to fact-check them with special markup language.

One such criteria that Google notes is:  Discrete claims and checks must be easily identified in the body of fact-check articles. Readers should be able to understand what was checked, and what conclusions were reached. 

The new tag is being released first on the web, iOS and Android versions of Google News in the US and UK.

More From InvestorPlace Apigee announces early termination of Hart-Scott-Rodino waiting period under proposed acquisition by Google  
2016-07-21
Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) DeepMind AI Halves Data Center Energy Bills Published By: Ken Bock on July 21, 2016 10:10 am EST

Google s DeepMind AI has been making their data centers more efficient since 2014. For the last two years, machine learning has been going on to make sure that Google s data centers cool off properly. A few months ago, deep learning in the form of artificial intelligence was added. And that has paid off. Google s data centers have almost halved their total energy consumption and have improved their Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) by 15%. This was after accounting for electrical losses and other related inefficiencies.

Now, you may say to yourself that this may not be that big of a deal but recognize that it s impossible to push the energy efficiency of any engine or device beyond 40%. It s never been done and that s why there s so much energy wasted around the world. Hence, every little bit counts.

40% of energy usage in Google s data centers was cut. That not only saved on energy bills, it reduced the data center s carbon footprint significantly. Now you may ask yourself, that is all well and good for Google but why not apply that to the whole planet? Why not be a little charitable and allow the world to benefit from such technology? Well, Google is ahead of you on that one:

 Because the algorithm is a general-purpose framework to understand complex dynamics, we plan to apply this to other challenges in the data center environment and beyond in the coming months. Possible applications of this technology include improving power plant conversion efficiency (getting more energy from the same unit of input), reducing semiconductor manufacturing energy and water usage, or helping manufacturing facilities increase throughput. 

Google basically trained a neural network that it built on all the different types of scenarios and parameters that were possible inside its data centers. They did this by feed the network a lot of data that sensors all around their data centers had collected. This included temperature sensors, pumps, power, setpoints etc. Then two separate neural networks predicted what the temperature and pressure would be inside the data center over the next hour and fed that information back in to the original neural network. The result was a supreme exercise in feedback loops, instrumentation and process control to allow Google s data centers to become much more efficient.

Google s next step is to roll out this incredible technology to the world to reduce the carbon footprint globally. Hopefully Google will implement this in its self-driving cars and their adventures in Internet Service Providing.

Google: The Good Guy

For the image that Google has as this big corporation that is over reaching and ruling over the world and has all our information, it s making it exceedingly hard to hate it. For those that follow the news, Google is actually doing things that make the world a better place. There s all that providing internet to the world with Google Fiber and hot air balloons and then there s this data center thing. Google maybe creating a persona that will make it much harder to hate as a big corporation. Top 10 Company Brand Names: Alphabet Pales Before Google (and Apple) Eric Schmidt, chairman of Alphabet Inc. Credit: SeongJoon Cho/Bloomberg

Forming a new parent company to house Google and its many ventures as distinct sibling units may have brought new organizational logic and accountability, but it also established a corporate identity that doesn't compare to its predecessor.

That's one finding in the new ranking by FutureBrand of how the the 100 largest listed companies in the world are perceived. The results are based on surveys of 3,000 consumers and industry professionals in 17 countries.

FutureBrand Index Ranking 2016 Top 10 Companies Change on the Top 10 2015 Top 10 Companies 1 1 2 1 3 4 4 no change 5 no change 6 new 7 new 8 new 9 no change 10 4 Source: FutureBrand

Alphabet ranked 21st on the new list of corporate brands. Apple took the top spot; it was second to Google last year.

Based on the "perception profiles" that FutureBrand published this year, any positive convictions people do have about Alphabet can be chalked up to "legacy sentiments" they had about the conglomerate's previous identity.

Feedback on Alphabet closely resembles what respondents think about Google, except that the new holding company is weaker than its predecessor by each measure. Riding on the coattails of Google's favorability may not be a solid platform for Alphabet to expand on.

"We congratulate the Global Top 100 companies for attaining high valuations today, but the Index shifts the focus to intangible factors which will impact their success tomorrow," said Tom Adams, global head of strategy at FutureBrand Worldwide, in a statement.

Unlike Google, Alphabet isn't a particularly consumer-facing brand. But perceptions of corporate brands matter because they affect people's decisions to work for or invest in a company, FutureBrand said.

Had Alphabet not diluted Google's stature in the public eye, Google would have remained firmly in its spot at the top of FutureBrand's index. Only in 31% of cases on average did respondents agree Alphabet possesses 18 specified attributes of a favorable company to work for or buy from (e.g. indispensability); in its former incarnation as Google, it would have garnered 50% agreement on average, according to FutureBrand.

Apple, on the other hand, is scoring high on both value and favorability indexes. Respondents felt particularly positive about the brand's qualities of distinctiveness and authenticity, with 47% on average agreeing that it possesses the 18 specified attributes of a favorable brand.

~ ~ ~

CORRECTION: An earlier version of this article at one point erroneously cited BrandIndex for the new ranking. The ranking is by FutureBrand. 
2016-03-03
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Is Testing a New Payments App Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) today released a payments app called Hands Free, which allows you to pay for items in stores without having to take the phone out of your pocket. The app, which is currently in its early stages, relies on Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and other features to determine when you re nearby a store that accepts the payments app. When you re ready to use the app, all you have to do is tell the cashier that you re going to pay with Google. The clerk then confirms your identity with a photo to complete the sale. The service is only available in parts of the San Francisco Bay area, and it works with Papa John s, McDonald s and a few local retailers.

Hands Free, which was announced last year, is a companion of Android Pay, the payments service from Google. Android Pay is becoming more and more popular and currently has around nine million members. But Google is always looking at the future and wanted to see how this app would do right now.

Right now, cashiers have to identify you by checking your photo and initials you put on the app. But Google wants to make the process easier by placing a camera in the store that will automatically confirm your identity by taking a picture and comparing it to the one in your Hands Free app. Pali Bhat, senior director of the Hands Free app, said that all images taken by the camera are deleted immediately.

Payments apps have gained popularity these last few years and Google s idea is nothing new. Other companies have tried to do something similar, but it has not worked. Limited number of participating stores is just one of the problems that the payments app face.

Android Pay, which made its debut last year, is one of the payments apps out there. The service uses an NFC terminal for the transaction and is accepted at over two million locations. It is currently available in the United States but will arrive in the UK at the end of this month. The service will also arrive in Australia later this year.

Hands Free is still in its early stages but Google will continue to improve the technology in the next few months. Google is also offering up to $5 off your first Hands Free purchase at participating stores, according to the Google Commerce Blog.

Hands Free is now available on Android and iOS devices.



 Google, Facebook and Microsoft File Legal Brief Supporting Apple iPhone ... (Reuters) - Alphabet Inc's Google, Facebook Inc, Microsoft Corp and several other Internet and technology companies will file a joint legal brief on Thursday asking a judge to support Apple Inc in its encryption battle with the U.S. government, sources familiar with the companies' plans said.

The effort is a rare display of unity and support for the iPhone maker from companies which are competitors in many areas, and shows the breadth of Silicon Valley's opposition to the government's anti-encryption effort.

The fight between Apple and the government became public last month when the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation obtained a court order requiring Apple to write new software and take other measures to disable passcode protection and allow access to an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters in December.

Apple has pushed back, arguing that such a move would set a dangerous precedent and threaten customer security. The clash has intensified a long-running debate over how much law enforcement and intelligence officials should be able to monitor digital communications.

The group of tech companies plans to file what is known as an amicus brief a form of comment from outside groups common in complex cases to the Riverside, California, federal judge Sheri Pym. She will rule on Apple's appeal of a court order that would force it to create software to unlock the iPhone.

The companies will contest government arguments that the All Writs Act, a broad 1789 law that enables judges to require actions necessary to enforce their own orders, compels Apple to comply with its request.

In their joint brief, the tech companies will say that Congress passed the All Writs Act before the invention of the light bulb, and that it goes too far to contend that the law can be used to force engineers to disable security protections, according to a source familiar with their arguments.

Google, Facebook and others also appear to be tailoring their arguments specifically to a U.S. Supreme Court audience, where the case may end up. The brief will highlight a unanimous 2014 U.S. Supreme Court case which said law enforcement needs warrants to access smartphones snared in an arrest, the source said.

That opinion, penned by Chief Justice John Roberts, united the Supreme Court's liberal and conservative factions.

Briefs are also expected in support of the government.

Stephen Larson, a former federal judge, told Reuters last week that he is working on a brief with victims of the San Bernardino shooting who want the FBI to be able to access the data on the phone used by Rizwan Farook. "They were targeted by terrorists, and they need to know why, how this could happen," Larson said.

Several other tech companies are joining Google, Facebook and Microsoft.

Mozilla, maker of the Firefox web browser, said it was participating, along with online planning tool maker Evernote and messaging app firms Snapchat and WhatsApp. Bookmarking and social media site Pinterest and online storage firm Dropbox are also participating.

"We stand against the use of broad authorities to undermine the security of a company s products," Dropbox General Counsel Ramsey Homsany said in a statement.

A separate group including Twitter Inc, eBay Inc, LinkedIn Corp and more than a dozen other tech firms filed a brief with the court in support of Apple on Thursday. AT&T Inc filed its own brief.

Networking leader Cisco Systems Inc said it expected to address the court on Apple's behalf, but did not say whether it was joining with the large group of companies.

Semiconductor maker Intel Corp plans to file a brief of its own in support of Apple, said Chris Young, senior vice president and general manager for Intel Security Group.

 We believe that tech companies need to have the ability to build and design their products as needed, and that means that we can t have the government mandating how we build and design our products,  Young said in an interview.

The Stanford Law School for Internet and Society filed a separate brief on Thursday morning on behalf of a group of well-known experts on iPhone security and encryption, including Charlie Miller, Dino Dai Zovi, Bruce Schneier and Jonathan Zdziarski.

Privacy advocacy groups the American Civil Liberties Union, Access Now and the Wickr Foundation filed briefs on Wednesday in support of Apple before Thursday's deadline set by Pym.

Salihin Kondoker, whose wife Anies Kondoker was injured in the San Bernardino attack, also wrote on Apple's behalf, saying he shared the company's fear that the software the government wants Apple to create to unlock the phone could be used to break into millions of other phones.

"I believe privacy is important and Apple should stay firm in their decision," the letter said. "Neither I, nor my wife, want to raise our children in a world where privacy is the tradeoff for security."

Law enforcement officials have said that Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik, were inspired by Islamist militants when they shot and killed 14 people and wounded 22 others last Dec. 2 at a holiday party. Farook and Malik were later killed in a shootout with police and the FBI said it wants to read the data on Farook's phone to investigate any links with militant groups.

Earlier this week, a Brooklyn judge ruled that the government had overstepped its authority by seeking similar assistance from Apple in a drug case. Google tops list of best companies to work for, again Looking for a new job? You might want to apply to these places.

Fortune on Thursday released its annual survey of the 100 best companies to work for in the U.S., and Google (now known as Alphabet Inc.) topped the list for the seventh time.

------------

FOR THE RECORD

March 3, 1:40 p.m.: An earlier version of this post said Activision Blizzard was the world's fifth-largest video gaming company. It is the largest among publicly traded video game makers.

------------

Riot Games in West Los Angeles (39th), Activision Blizzard in Santa Monica (77th), First American in Santa Ana (94th) and Cheesecake Factory headquartered in Calabasas Hills (98th) were the only companies in the L.A. area to make the list.

All told, California was represented by 20 companies, including Genentech (11th), a biotechnology and pharmaceutical firm in South San Francisco, and Nugget Market (13th), a grocery chain based in Woodland.

SIGN UP for the free California Inc. business newsletter >>

Two-thirds of the results were determined by random surveys distributed to employees of participating companies. Respondents are asked about management s credibility, overall job satisfaction and camaraderie.

The other third is based on pay, benefits, hiring practices, training and diversity.

Google was lauded for its famously generous perks, which include healthcare for part-timers, on-site childcare and paid time off for volunteer work.

 The perks are phenomenal,  an employee told Fortune.  From three prepared organic meals a day to unlimited snacks, artisan coffee and tea to free personal fitness classes, health clinics, on-site oil changes, haircuts, spa truck, bike-repair truck, nap pods, free on-site laundry rooms and subsidized wash and fold. The list is endless. 

Riot Games ranked 13th on last year s list. Activision Blizzard, the world s largest publicly traded video gaming company by revenue, improved from its 96th-place ranking in 2015. The company, which is currently hiring new staff, is expanding into the movie and TV business this year.

Follow me on Twitter: @dhpierson

Join the conversation on Facebook >>

MORE FROM BUSINESS

Disneyland to start building its 'Star Wars' land in April

Stocks edge down; healthcare companies fall the most

Column: How severe is the retirement crisis? These six charts spell it out. Google Fiber's video subscriber growth surges 79 percent in 2015 A technician gets cabling out of his truck to install Google Fiber in a residential home in Provo, Utah, January 2, 2014. REUTERS/George Frey

Alphabet Inc's much-talked about high-speed internet service, Google Fiber, had 53,000 video subscribers as of December end, up 79 percent from a year earlier, brokerage MoffettNathanson said, citing numbers from the U.S. Copyright Office.

Google has been expanding the service, which promises Internet speeds of up to 1,000 megabits per second, in several cities in the United States.

"If there is a surprise here, it is perhaps that the growth rate isn't higher," MoffettNathanson said.

"After all, there has been a steady stream of new cities announced, and they've now been at it for a long time in at least a handful of markets."

The service is currently available in Atlanta, Austin, Charlotte, Kansas City, Nashville, Salt Lake City, San Antonio Provo, Utah, and Raleigh Durham, North Carolina, according to the Google Fiber website.

Alphabet, formerly Google, said in December it would consider bringing the Fiber internet service to Los Angeles and Chicago.

(Reporting by Abhirup Roy in Bengaluru) 
2016-05-18
Alphabet Inc's Google announces new AI-powered products as it tries to make ... Google is turning to artificial intelligence to make sure people keep using its search engine, even if they re not spending as much time on the Web and personal computers.

The Alphabet Inc. division unveiled a new mobile messaging application Wednesday called Allo containing a digital personal assistant, based on AI technology that powers other Google services like Inbox.

At its I/O developer conference near its Silicon Valley headquarters, the company also showed off a voice-based search device called Google Home that uses the same assistant technology to answer questions when people are in their houses, a potentially potent rival to Amazon.com Inc. s popular Echo gadget.

Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said the goal is to develop an  on-going two-way dialog with Google  and build billions of people their own  individual Google.  The CEO sees the Google digital assistant as an  ambient experience that extends across devices. 

Google became one of the world s most valuable companies by making a search engine that sucks in billions of queries people type into web browsers on PCs and phones. Google sells ads based those indications of intent and desire. But that search advertising money machine is at risk as computing evolves and gives people new ways to find what they want   and new avenues for competing companies to satisfy those wants.

The new products unveiled Wednesday   and future ones using the same Google AI technology   give the company a chance to keep its search engine relevant in an era of new, connected devices.

With the future of search   and intent-based advertising   up for grabs again, AI has become a big strategic area of investment for many technology companies. The bet is that whoever makes the most engaging and useful digital personal assistant, also known as the conversational interface, will control the layer between a person and their digital life, and collect the most revenue and profit from being that privileged broker.

Google has been working on artificial intelligence   technology that lets computers teach themselves about the world   for more than 15 years. The company hopes this expertise can help it build conversational computing products that beat the competition.

 It s absolutely strategic,  said Scott Huffman, a vice president of engineering for search.  If you think about this simple idea of having a conversation, that is the interface that all the people around you have. 

Google hopes that if it makes it easier for people to access its services, they ll use them more. That s a pattern it has seen with other technology initiatives.  Every time we ve had an improvement in voice recognition we see a corresponding jump in usage,  Huffman said.

Conversational computing is a crowded field. Amazon s Echo, which has been a bestseller for the company, lets people use their voice rather than type to search for things and order them from Amazon s online store and play music through Amazon-owned services, cutting out Google. Microsoft s Cortana AI assistant embedded in Windows 10 lets people ask questions that the company answers via its Bing search engine.

Facebook s digital assistant, M, uses some AI to let people get answers to questions and perform actions such as ordering flowers, and its recently unveiled chatbot platform gives companies a way to chat directly with consumers, no Googling required.

Related

Over time, Google said it will develop other products and services using the same digital assistant, which will stay with people across devices, and remember their habits, Huffman said. That will let Google s search and other services follow people from smartphones and smart watches into their car and homes. Google plans to add more AI capabilities to its assistant, some of which won t necessarily appear in its main search engine, Huffman said.

The company s Allo messaging app will come out this summer. It will suggest responses to messages by reading and understanding people s text conversations. A contact named  @google  can be summoned by users to provide AI-powered services, like finding restaurants and booking tables, or searching for movies.

The AI in Allo is based on technology already deployed in Google s Inbox program, which reads through emails and suggests appropriate replies. It also understands images sent in text messages, using its AI to look at what is in the picture and suggest its own comments.

The more people use Allo the better the AI will get. The system works by converting words and images into sequences of numbers explicable to Google s machine intelligence, letting it develop intuition so it can guess the word  dog  is semantically similar to puppy, or that the appropriate response to a picture of someone skydiving is  brave. 

In a recent demo, Erik Kay, a Google director of engineering for communications products, took a photo of colleague Amit Fulay, who posed with an exaggerated grin. Kay texted the photo to Amit using Allo, and on Amit s phone the AI studied the photo, noticed the grin and came up with the response  sunny smile :-) . These kinds of automated responses are meant to give people a more satisfying conversation, but has the additional benefit of generating more data for Google to use to further develop its AI.

After Allo, the company plans to release the Google Home device that people can speak to. The gadget will play music, communicate with other Google devices, and answer questions using Google s AI assistant and its search engine, along with managing other Google products like Calendar and Gmail. People will summon it by using the same call out    OK, Google    that is used in other existing Google mobile apps.  Hey, Google  will also work.

 We don t necessarily have to be first every time, that s not actually our goal, but we want to be the most scalable solution,  said Rishi Chandra, a vice president of product management for Google, noting the product is  not an assistant that does three things but it can really do anything. 

Over time, Google said its AI will gain new capabilities. The company plans to give it a more flexible memory, so when people have a conversation where a friend references their home address, it will learn to associate that location with them. A technology called  Expander  will help the technology work in multiple languages, with insights gleaned from AI deployed in one language feeding the intelligence of the software in another tongue.

But it will take time for the AI to be able to anticipate and respond to every request, said Huffman.  It s nice job security for us because it s going to take it a while to let it do anything people want to do. 

Bloomberg News Alphabet Inc: GOOGL Gets Into Ride-Hailing Despite Uber Investment One of the great things about being a corporate behemoth is that you can double-cross   errr    diversify away from  your allies. In this case, Alphabet Inc ( GOOG , GOOGL ) is getting into the ride-hailing business, despite having dumped $250 million into Uber Technologies.

The program, which is being piloted in San Francisco, will offer a carpooling app known as  Waze Rider  which is effectively meant to compete with UberPOOL. GOOGL would likely take a commission on each ride.

The implications for GOOGL, Uber, and even the taxi medallion financial industry are interesting.

GOOGL Stock Changing the Dynamics

For GOOGL, the move is just good business. It needs to diversify away from advertising, which accounts for more than 80% of its revenue. It would also make for a nice companion business to its ongoing pursuit of the self-driving car, which likely won t be ready for many years to come.

It is also a smart move because, while it has invested in Uber, there s no reason why it should limit itself to a small equity piece of a company losing money hand over fist. If Uber never develops into a profitable entity   and there are many reasons why that may not happen   GOOGL wants to have a presence in the ride-hailing business.

So overall, this is a big positive for GOOGL.

It is a big negative for Uber. Another reason GOOGL had to move in this direction is the bloom is off the rose for Uber. There are plenty of headwinds facing the company.

The most critical is the rising tide of driver discontent, which explains why 50% of drivers quit after the first year.

Uber has been cutting fares in many cities, and the best estimates now put driver earnings barely above that of taxis, if at all. Insurance liability is still an issue, as insurance companies have been slow to roll out hybrid policies.

Following a big class action settlement in California over the issue of whether drivers are employees or independent contractors, there are going to be scores of other similar lawsuits. Thus, the shakedown has 49 states remaining.

We also have surge pricing under assault as being anti-competitive in a N.Y. court case, and cities like Austin are fighting back and demanding Uber be regulated like taxis.

Not that the ride-hailing conquest, whether it involves Waze, Uber, GOOGL or anyone else, is even a certainty going forward. I still maintain that at some point, three terrible things will occur that skewer the business model.

The first is that a terrible ride-hailing accident will occur in which many lives are lost. The insurance will be found to be nonexistent, cancelled by the carrier (since ride-hailing is not covered under regular policies) or insufficient. There will be lawsuits and scrutiny of Uber.

The second is that some maniac will, sadly, go on a rampage and assault and kill a string of passengers. There have already been sexual assaults. Uber will lose 50% of its ridership as women abandon the service.

Both of these will lead to the third move   government will enter the fray in a very big way. As it is, Uber left Austin simply because the city insisted on background checks and licensing. Imagine the outcry when something really awful happens.

That leads us finally to the taxi medallion financial industry. Taxis have shown remarkable resiliency, particularly in the street-hail-protected city of New York. As it is, most players in the taxi medallion financial industry, like Signature Bank ( SBNY ) and Capital One Financial Corp. ( COF ) are significantly diversified.

Their stocks have actually suffered a bit because of their taxi medallion loan portfolios, even though none have reported any significant losses. That means they are likely undervalued, and any negative impact in rideshare only helps them.

As of this writing, Lawrence Meyers has sold June and July $700 naked puts on GOOGL.

More From InvestorPlace Why Google Fiber Will Flop  Google's 'Waze Rider' App Is Smarter Than Apple's $1 Billion Investment In Didi After Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) made its $1 billion investment in Didi Chuxing last week, Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) unveiled its own move to join the on-demand car/taxi service industry. Didi Chuxing is China's biggest on-demand taxi service that competes with Uber (Private:UBER) China. However, I opine that the Waze Rider app announced by Google yesterday is the ultimate checkmate move.

Anything that hampers the expansion move of its rivals is always good for Alphabet. Furthermore, it certainly did not cost Alphabet $1 billion to join this fast-rising niche market of ride-hailing/car pool services.

With Google getting involved, the alliance between Apple and Didi Chuxing is unlikely to flourish. Didi Chuxing's operation will likely be limited to China. Didi Chuxing also denied the rumor of an IPO in 2018.

The screenshot below illustrates just how easy it is to get a ride using Waze Rider. Didi, Uber and other players in the ride-sharing business are all vulnerable to Google's muscling in on their turfs. With Waze Rider now official, there's no way that the $68 billion valuation of Uber will ever come true.

(Source: Google)

Disrupting The On-Demand Transport Industry

The overwhelming threat now is that Alphabet will use Waze Rider to kill the future growth prospects of Uber, Didi and Lyft. Unlike the Didi and Uber business models, Waze Rider customers will only have to pay for the fuel consumed during the travel. This is rather ruthless of Alphabet. Google Ventures invested $258 million in Uber back in 2013.

Google now wants to kill Uber, not nurture it. Apple, with its massive cash hoard, will just shrug off its shaky $1 billion gamble on Didi. On the other hand, Alphabet's move could be fatal to Uber. Uber already lost almost $1 billion during the first six months of 2015. Uber's net revenue for 1H 2015 was only $663 million.

The non-profit motif of Waze Rider can become the new de-facto standard of on-demand transport services.

The Waze Rider - Get A Ride app is being tested in selected countries. As per App Annie, the Android version is already the No. 2 most downloaded Transportation app in Israel. The Waze Rider program also is being tested in San Francisco.

(Source: App Annie)

The Waze Rider app will eventually become available in all countries where the mobile versions of Google Maps and Waze apps are already popular. The original avoid-traffic-monitoring Waze Android app is already downloaded more than 100 million times.

Before Google bought it in 2013, Waze already had 50 million users. This large pool of very engaged Waze app users also are likely to embrace Waze Rider. In essence, Waze Rider is a crowd sourced way of carpooling that makes Uber and Didi unnecessary.

Alphabet will probably monetize Waze Rider through localized ads like it did with Waze. Advertisers can set fixed monthly budgets for ad placements on Waze.

Conclusion

The better long-term bet now is on Alphabet. Waze Rider is just one example how Google is outsmarting Apple. With a non-profit Waze Rider app available to any smartphone owner, Apple cannot expect to see any meaningful return from its $1 billion bet on Didi.

Take not that Alphabet also is hard at work courting the Chinese overlords. Lenovo's (OTCPK:LNVGY) chief already confirmed that the Google Play app store will return to China this year. Waze Rider might just be one of those other Google services that will make a comeback in the Middle Kingdom.

The gods at Alphabet also are willing to sacrifice the $258 million bet on Uber. Back in 2013, Uber was only valued at $3.5 billion after Google Ventures took a stake. But like it was said earlier, there is little chance that the unrealistic $68 valuation of Uber will become a reality. The $1-billion-loss-in-six-months last year was a very loud warning that Uber's business model is broken.

I rather believe that an ad-driven approach on Waze Rider will make Google the new king of ride-sharing. Unless Uber agrees to be taken over by Alphabet, I don't think it will survive for long. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) To Unveil A Nexus 6P Refresh At Google I/O 2016: Reports Published By: Patrick Arruda on May 18, 2016 03:54 pm EST

Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) knows that it did a brilliant job with the Google Nexus 6p back in 2015, but it also knows that it can t afford to take a breather and feel as if the job is done. In today s highly competitive market, even the best of smartphones become obsolete in a matter of few months and Google knows that all too well. Although the Google Nexus 6p was definitely the best Nexus smartphone ever released but it no longer boasts the greatest specs when compared to the best performing devices out in the market.

Reports of an updated Nexus 6P surfaced ever since MyDrivers stated that an upgraded version of the Nexus 6P with top of the line hardware was reportedly benchmarked on GeekBench. GeekBench reported a heavily upgraded version of the Google Nexus 6P that was powered by a Snapdragon 820 chipset along with a much desired 4 GB of RAM. Since the current Google Nexus 6P sports a snapdragon 810 chipset and features a 3 GB RAM, it would be safe to say that the rumored new version of this device would be a far more powerful device that can easily compete, if not beat, its closest competition. The operating system might as well be getting a major upgrade as the rumored Android N is supposed to be launched at the upcoming Google I/O 2016 conference. What better way to introduce a new and improved OS than to launch it on a powerful device like the Nexus 6P 2016.

If you look at the current Google Nexus 6P then you will notice that there really wasn t much wrong about this device. The display was sharp, crisp and offered amazing viewing angles, the battery life was decent, the camera easily competed with the best in the business and the build quality was as good as it gets for a premium smartphone. The major issues with this device was that it did not feature a removable battery or gave the option of an expandable external storage. It seems like Google has learned from their mistakes and reports are speculating that the newer version of the Nexus 6P will offer a removable battery and the option to increase external storage by up to a jaw dropping 2 TB. By rectifying the only weaknesses of the original Nexus 6P, Google are ensuring that they not only keep up with the competition but also dominate.

Google s I/O conference is upon us and the tech world is eagerly awaiting to see how Google rolls the dice and competes with the best devices on the market. The conference is scheduled from May 18 to May 20, so it won t be too long before we get to know if the speculations and rumors are true or not. For now, we all have our fingers crossed and await anticipate Google s next move with excitement. Huawei has already patented the Google Nexus 6P naming rights, which could mean they have something big in the works. 
2016-02-14
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Is Discontinuing Picasa Picasa, the popular photo editing tool launched in 2002, will be discontinued by Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) in a few weeks. The move was announced on Friday and now the search giant will focus on Google Photos.

The head of the Google Photos team, Anil Sabharwal, said through a blog post that after much thought and consideration, they had decided to retire the application over the coming months to focus on a single photo service in Google Photos.

Picasa and Google Photos

Picasa made its debut in 2002 and was originally created by another company. Two years later, the search giant acquired Picasa from the company and began offering it to users. The application has a ton of features, including slide shows, color enhancement and cropping. Google Photos made its debut last year and the company has been focusing on making it the go to application for image editing and creating albums.

If you re a Picasa user, you can switch to Google Photos in just a few seconds. All you have to do is sign into Google Photos with you account information and your uploads from Picasa will be there. Google Photos was recently launched and does not have a desktop app, but you can upload new photos through the Web interface.

Desktop App and Web Albums

Picasa won t be gone right away, the search giant will phase out the desktop app and other features in the next few months. Google will discontinue the desktop app on March 15, so a month from now. Picasa Web Albums, a companion service will be closed on May 1. Picasa users can access the service right now, but when the date arrives, the company will provide a new place for you to access your Picasa Web Albums data, according to the blog post.

Google Photos was announced in May 2015 and became a separate service after being part of Google+. The photo and video sharing service has unlimited storage and comes with a number of features that analyze and organize images.

The search giant will end support for Picasa s desktop app but they have stated that users who have downloaded the application or choose to do it after March 15, will still be able to use it. The only change is that there will be no support from Google.

Do you use Picasa? Are you moving to Google Photos? Let us know in the comments.



 
2016-04-29
Google-Fiat Self-Driving Car Deal  Google Unites Hardware Groups Under Motorola Veteran Google united its hardware groups into a new division run by Motorola veteran Rick Osterloh to better design and propel its gadgets into the world.

Osterloh will oversee products including Nexus phones and tablets, wearable computer Glass (now called Project Aura), Internet router OnHub, audio and video Cast devices, and experimental mobile hardware developed by its Advanced Technology and Projects group.

Google s hardware efforts are varied and have not been well tied together. The Alphabet Inc. unit has never fully committed to designing or making its own devices, preferring to let other companies handle those often less-profitable tasks. It acquired handset maker Motorola Mobility for $12.5 billion in 2012 but sold it in 2014 to Lenovo.

However, as smartphones and other mobile devices take on more complex tasks such as virtual and augmented reality, software and hardware has to work better together. That s something Apple Inc. does well and Google may need to improve, with Osterloh s help.

Prior to joining Google this month, Osterloh was president of Motorola Mobility both under Google s ownership and Lenovo s.

Osterloh will need to better link Google s hardware projects together, while working more closely with software teams. Much of the software development for all this hardware is run by Hiroshi Lockheimer, the senior vice president in charge of Google s Android and Chrome operating systems.

He ll also have to tackle the longer-term challenge of what connected devices will be popular beyond smartphones. Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said Thursday that the concept of the "device" may fade away.

Osterloh s appointment follows Google s appointment of VMware co-founder Diane Greene to oversee its cloud computing, work-based software, and enterprise-focused businesses together. Similar to Osterloh s job, she is tasked with unifying Google s various enterprise efforts, speeding development.

Re/code reported Osterloh s appointment earlier. Google Parent Company Pays Top Two Execs $1 in 2015 Larry Page and Sergey Brin are each worth roughly $35 billion and have eschewed salaries and bonuses for several years.

Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, paid CEO Larry Page and President Sergey Brin one whole buck each for their services in 2015.

The two co-founders of Google   and Alphabet   earned the same $1 compensation in 2014 and 2013, according to a regulatory filing on Friday.

Their ultra-modest compensation was in stark contrast to that of the other top executives.

Sundar Pichai, for example, was paid $100.6 million in 2015 as CEO of Google. He took the job just last year when Google restructured to become the primary asset of new company Alphabet.

Eric Schmidt, the executive chairman of Alphabet, made $8 million in 2015, down from $108.7 million a year earlier.

Ruth Porat, named Alphabet CFO a year ago, made $31.1 million, while former Google CFO Patrick Pichette was paid $56.6 million, up from $43.8 million a year earlier.

Omid Kordestani, Google's former chief business officer, made $17 million in 2015, down from $130 million a year before.

Page, 43, and Brin, 42, are each worth roughly $35 billion and have eschewed salaries and bonuses for several years, taking just $1 annually.

Alphabet shares rose 44 percent in 2015. On Friday, the company sported a $476 billion market cap, making it the second-most-valuable company traded on Wall Street, behind Apple, which is worth $520 billion. Alphabet Inc - Google faces first EU fine in 2016 with no deal on cards -sources - Reuters News  
2016-05-30
Google's Core Business Is Getting Some Much-Needed Upgrades Last week, Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google held its Annual Performance Summit, where advertisers and ad buyers got to see all the latest stuff Google has up its sleeve. While there's often plenty of discussion about moon shot projects Google is working on, many of those projects are years - or even decades away from producing any real value for shareholders. The Performance Summit directly relates to Google's core business - which is advertising.

I pay particularly close attention to what Google does in online advertising considering I've personally spent over $100,000 buying ads on Google AdWords over the last 8 years. It's truly a remarkable ad buying platform.

Over the last few years, it's been fairly well publicized that the cost-per-click (CPC) has been trending down for Google as more traffic has shifted to mobile - which ad buyers typically pay less for. Also, over the last few years, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) advertising has become especially effective on mobile platforms - therefore, advertisers likely don't feel the need to 'overpay' for Google ads due to the performance seen on Facebook.

Data Source: SEC Documents

Obviously, the declining CPC trend isn't going to send Google to the poor house, but it does represent a trend the company will want to at least stabilize and hopefully reverse in future quarters.

You might think that a decline in CPC is good for advertisers and would draw more advertisers in because the price is low. It's certainly possible in some cases, but typically a decline in CPC represents a decline in return on investment or ROI. Advertisers don't mind paying more per click if the conversion of that click is performing well or better in relation to other advertising formats. If the perception is that Google ads are low performing - over time advertisers will shift marketing budgets more toward channels that perform better.

Performance Summit

If you want to watch the keynote presentation, Google posted it on YouTube. As typical with a company as gigantic as Alphabet, the company touched on some features using machine learning that are just being experimented with. It also discussed features of Google Analytics that will only be used by enterprise sized clients. Honestly, both were cool enough to write about because I see a wide range of applications for both, but I'm going to focus on the stuff that matters to shareholders today.

I'm not going to lie, there were some awkward moments where you had Google engineers somewhat nervously giving presentations about a subject not as sexy as a cell-phone reveal. Presenters would essentially queue the crowd to applaud at certain moments that Google likely scripted to have applause breaks.

However, there was one moment in the presentation where the crowd seemed to openly applaud a feature long time users of AdWords have been dying to have.

Bid adjustments for all devices is coming!!

Currently, inside Google AdWords, you can only increase your bid for mobile devices. This was great if you had a good converting mobile website or just are specifically targeting mobile users. However, many advertisers experience higher ROI or want to pay more for desktop/PC traffic. Coming soon, advertisers will be able to increase their bids for desktop traffic - which should drive up CPC in some areas where desktop traffic is preferred.

Additionally, PCs and tablets were considered the same device and your bids were equal. Now you are able to set your bids on each individual device as well, which will allow far greater flexibility to the ad buyer than it does today. This should create a more competitive ad buying platform, which should at the very least maintain Google's dominance in the ad buying world - which is imperative to investors.

The reason why this is a big deal to advertisers, which in turn makes it a big deal for Google's shareholders, is that desktop/PC traffic is typically valued higher than mobile phone traffic. This is a generalization, but certainly allowing advertisers to pay more specifically for desktop/PC traffic (easily) for the first time will allow for all kinds of testing and optimization not possible today. It's highly possible this change alone could turn CPC declines into a positive trend as advertisers fine tune the use of this new feature.

Source: YouTube Presentation

Another huge change will be coming to the ad type itself - which Google noted hasn't changed much in about 15 years.

Specifically with text ads, the headline will expand from 25 characters to 60 characters. Descriptions will expand from 70 to 80 characters. In combination, this should allow for advertisers to create more relevant ad text - which should help drive up click-through-rates (CTR) going forward. Google indicated during the presentation that some advertisers experienced a 20% increased CTR using the longer ad-text formats.

Just from my own personal experience - I've consistently run into issues running out of space (especially with titles) while creating Google AdWords text ads. I'm sure brands that have 1,000s of different ad types will be fully utilizing this ad format change and will be investing a considerable amount testing as well.

In my opinion, the bid adjustments across all devices and the text ad format change are big news for advertisers. These two changes will trigger all sorts of testing from advertisers which could result in some short-term increase in spending. In tandem, I truly believe over time both changes will move the needle for Google, which isn't easy to do for a company worth over $500 billion.

Responsive Ads

Now we get to the more experimental stuff. Here is what Google had to say on its AdWords blog about a new ad format called responsive ads for display:

Simply provide headlines, a description, an image, and a URL - and Google will automatically design these beautiful responsive ads.

Image: AdWords Blog

This looks like a really nice addition for both the advertising and publishing side. From the advertiser perspective, this ad format is likely similar to campaigns one might be running on Facebook or possibly Twitter (NYSE:TWTR). So in some cases, it might just be as simple as copy and paste over into AdWords to start testing this ad format.

For a publisher (people/businesses who own websites), this looks like a compelling ad format to add to your site. The ads with the photographs appear more like content, which should help drive CTR above where traditional banner ads are today. Google's ad format was beginning to look a bit stale compared to what you see on social media sites these days, so the roll-out of a fresh new look should be appreciated.

Ultimately, the success of this ad format will be determined by the number of advertisers who upload the images/text for the ads. Additionally, Google needs publishers to add this ad-type/code to their websites so the ads can be served. It's possible the ad can be served using existing ad code which would make roll-out even more broadly available.

Google Map Ads

Google says it is "developing and experimenting" with different kinds of ads and 'promoted pins' within Google Maps. While advertising within Google Maps isn't all that new, this is one of the first featured updates I've seen for the product in a while.

Where I believe this type of advertising has the most revenue potential is inside the car. My current vehicle is equipped with GPS that has logos of certain gas stations, Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX) and other fast food places that pop up on the map. I assume those companies are paying to have that privilege, so Google already has a pipeline of existing advertisers ready to pay.

If/when Google leaps further into the driver-less car space, interacting with Google maps could become a large part of the passengers experience. Businesses promoting themselves via the car's map screen seems like a logical extension to monetize the driver-less car technology Google has been developing for many years.

It's also possible these ads already appear on Google Maps via Android Auto - a newer service from Google that allows you to run aspects of Android via your car's dash. Certain car models are rolling out the capabilities now. Either way, Google appears to be developing new ways to monetize the maps asset, which should only become more relied upon as time goes on.

Car Ads

Source: YouTube Presentation

Google showed off some new car ads that have been tested by some car manufactures. Google provided the example of Toyota (NYSE:TM) showing pictures and features of a specific model of car. Below the car photos were some tabs that allowed the user to select from a range of sites since the intent via the keyword isn't always predictable. This ad format should probably translate to other industries as well, so it's possible Google rolls this out across a broader range of keywords.

Takeaways

Unlike a lot of the moon shot projects you hear about with Google, these products are going to hit the top and bottom lines right away. What I'm going to monitor as an investor are the growth rates of Google going forward, both from a CPC and revenue perspective.

In terms of timing, Google was somewhat vague about when these features will be rolled out to the masses. More than likely Google wants to have some of these changes in place before the holiday shopping season so advertisers can have campaigns ready to go. With that being the case, you're probably not going to see much noticeable financial impact until early 2017.

As an advertiser, I'm really excited to test bid adjustments for desktop/PC traffic. The increase character allotment in the ads themselves will be enough to get me to create all new ads for every campaign. Ultimately, I'll do all kinds of A/B testing to see which ads are converting at an optimal ROI. I can only imagine much larger advertisers have either been beta testing these new features or are salivating at the chance to try them out.

As a shareholder, you probably weren't too worried about Alphabet's financial strength or market dominance. However, given that Alphabet currently doesn't pay a regular dividend, your only way to make money is by shares going up. Considering Alphabet is already the world's largest company based on market cap, it's not like the company has a ton of untapped potential. Innovation is the way this company will likely grow - and these new ad formats are a welcomed addition.

Conclusions

After years of delivering ads the same way - Alphabet is starting to offer more flexible ad formats that are seen on Facebook and other platforms. In some cases, the new ad formats and bid targeting might put Alphabet back out in front of competitors. At worst, it keeps Alphabet's Google as the premiere online advertising platform... which is a great place to be. Nexus Handsets To Receive Free Unlimited Media Storage From Alphabet, Inc ... Reportedly, Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) could offer free unlimited storage capacity for uncompressed photos and videos on Nexus devices as speculated from the recent APK teardown of Google Photos version 1.21.

The latest APK file of the newest Google Photos version on Android contains code that hints of the possibility of free unlimited storage for Nexus users.

What Would Free Unlimited Storage Mean for Users

Presently, users can store their high-quality photos and videos on Google Photos, which comes with a free storage capacity of 15 GB. Should they wish to avail of greater capacity, they would need to pay $9.99 monthly for a storage capacity of 1 TB.

While such possibility does not necessarily change the game since Nexus handsets come with low-end cameras, it is likely to benefit the Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P units because they are capable of recording 4K videos.

However, it is yet uncertain whether photos and videos taken using other devices and then transferred to Nexus devices for the sole purpose of maximizing the purported new offering will be allowed. Speculations have it that Google will impose necessary limitations to control the use of the storage space. Nonetheless, this strongly suggests the technology company s ambitions for the subdued Nexus lineup.

Other Significant Changes on New Google Photos Update

According to the APK teardown, the updated version of Google Photos now allows users to sort album images by date (i.e. newest, oldest, and recently added). They can also sort the photos manually. This feature can be found on the Edit Album screen.

Another significant addition concerns some photo editing features. According to the codes, users may now be enabled to adjust the exposure and contrast settings of each photo. Currently, the photo adjustment options available are Color, Light, Pop, and Vignette. With the addition of Exposure and Contrast adjustment options, users can edit their photos more exactly.

The APK is safe to install, having been signed by Google. If you do not want to wait for the automatic update, you can already download and install the APK manually.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Why Did Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Give Up On Its Robotics Division? Published By: Eunice Gettys on May 30, 2016 12:26 pm EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been drifting away from its robotics division  Boston Dynamics  for some time now and the relationship between the two companies has soured to the point that Google has decided to sell the division to a buyer for an undisclosed fees; the negative comments the company released on its official forum was just a start for the company to distance itself from platform it is parting with. Here is Country Caller s take on why Google decided to give up on Boston Dynamics:-

The first step that contributed to the fallout between Google and Boston Dynamics was the difference in vision among the two companies. Boston Dynamics was founded in 1992 by Marc Raibert, which developed four-legged robots and worked on their movements, agility and speed. The company was acquired by Google in 2013, in addition to another eight robotics companies, which made up Google s robotics division  Replicant.  Andy Rubin, founder of Android, was installed as the head of the Replicant, and seemed always tight-lipped on his company s plans, not expecting product development to be consumer ready any time soon.

Andy Rubin s management style meant that the robotics division was allowed the freedom and provided the leash to experiment and work on its projects freely and independently. Mr. Rubin wanted all companies in the robotics division to learn from their mistakes and encouraged them to keep bringing new ideas to the table. He wanted his robotics division to develop a vision through the freedom provided to innovate without any restriction. The division instantly took to Andy Rubin s management style, innovating, learning from their own mistakes and developed better robotics in the process.

However, just a year after the company formed its robotics division  Replicant , Andy Rubin left the company and that s where things took a turn for the worst. After Mr. Rubin left the company, there was a huge management vacuum left behind that no one in the company could fill. Andy Rubin had a robotics background and his passion and love for robotic innovation and development could not be matched by his replacements.

Under the new management, the robotics division started developing robots that could be used around the house or in an office to make tasks easier but the company was still unclear on how to go about things. However, Boston Dynamics went with a different approach to the one being implemented by Google. Boston Dynamics decided to pursue its own research rather than develop consumer products that Google wanted. That led to a friction between Google and Boston Robotics. The fall out has led to the company s decision of selling off its Boston Robotics division to Toyota for an undisclosed fees. 
2016-07-28
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL): Earnings Preview Published By: Eunice Gettys on July 28, 2016 07:51 am EST

Search engine giant Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) will be releasing its second quarter earnings after market today, while investors are weighing high on the company. The Street estimates revenues of $20.74 billion, while the EPS is expected to be $8.05. The estimates are pretty much on the higher side as the annualized EPS may round up to $32, which would bring down the search giant to lower multiples. Major growth is expected in the internet advertisement as the company s core search business remains strong. Moreover, mobile search is also expected to play a vital role in the earnings.

Alphabet has been one of the best performing stocks in the post-Brexit era, as the stock prices have risen by more than 10%. RBC analyst Mark Mahaney has an Outperform rating on the stock with aggressive price target of $1000. Mahaney reckons that the company may post an EPS of $8.35, which is significantly higher than the streets expectations. Further to this, he reckoned that investors will be keen to know the topline and bottom-line numbers. Moreover, he added that the investors will also be eyeing on the results on the other segment of the company such as YouTube.

Alphabet growth rate is above 10%, which is impressive, considering the industry it operates in. Moreover, the cost per click, traffic acquisition cost, and paid clicks are the three key metrics that investors may be interested to know. For Alphabet, the traffic acquisition costs and paid clicks have been following an uptrend, while the cost per click has gone down. It will be interesting to see the numbers for the quarter as this would throw light on the search engines efficiency.

Another interesting thing to note in the earnings would be Google s operational efficiency, as the cash flows from operations dropped significantly last quarter from $26 billion to $7.6 billion. While all these key points may be vital to investors, if earnings are below the streets expectations, then we may see a negative sentiment among investors.

The street seems to be optimistic about the company's future as renowned brokerages such as Deutsche Bank and Bank of America Corp. have aggressive price targets for the company s stock. The consensus TP stands at $908.6. Investors seem excited about the earnings as the stock is up 1.15% TO $770.70 in pre-market. Alphabet Inc: Driverless Cars Are a Game Changer for Google Stock By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : July 28, 2016

Driverless Cars a Big Deal for Google Stock

The driverless car by Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) has been in testing for a few years already, and it could be a big deal for Google stock.

Few can miss its rather unattractive rather obnoxious-looking, actually body. Still, styling aside, the Google driverless car offers a number of socially responsible advantages.

Here are just three of these benefits from the top of my head:

It could enable older and disabled people to keep driving and remain mobile, allowing further freedom and independence; Once the technology is perfected, it could reduce accidents and increase safety on the roads; And it could reduce traffic congestion and perhaps even reduce the need for big parking tickets.

Indeed, a driverless car could be programmed to leave one parking spot and seek a new one while you re still in the restaurant or at the movies. No need to worry about rushing out to move it before  Officer Yougots A. Tikket  shows up.

Driverless Cars Are a Game Changer

In fact, the Google driverless car could be one of the major innovations of the coming decades. It could surely be a huge boost, if any were needed, for Google stock.

Of course, Google isn t the only company attempting to create a fully driverless car. Prototypes from Google and other companies are being tested now. However, the fatal accident on Thursday, June 30 on a fast track in Florida involving one of Tesla s models was a reminder that despite the progress, driverless cars still raise many questions, including those regarding safety.

Still, rather than take all manner of wanton liability risks with safety and its shareholders  equity like one Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), and rather than use customers as lab rats, Google is not doing any beta testing with its driverless car. Those who own Google stock can rest because the company is only testing the software and hardware that make driverless technology possible itself.

When Google does introduce its driverless car to the world, it seems the company will not be selling a driverless car itself. Instead, it will work in partnership with existing carmakers, which will use Google s systems in regular production cars. So far, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (NYSE:FCAU) has signed an agreement with Google to use its driverless car technology in a future version of its new Chrysler  Pacifica  minivan. (Source:  Fiat Chrysler, Alphabet in Partnership Talks,  The Wall Street Journal, April 28, 2016.)

The contest for driving automation started decades ago in one form or another, but the computing capacity needed to power such systems was too weak then. Over the past five years, however, a number of manufacturers have developed and started to sell partial driverless systems. They include start-stop engine controls in traffic jams, autonomous parking features, automatic adaptation to speed limits, and support while maneuvering tight turns. However, Google was the first company (in June 2015) to actually create a bona fide driverless car and put it in circulation within a specially authorized area. Google stock has gone up thanks to a number of bullish factors, there s no word on whether the driverless car technology has had an impact yet.

How does it work? Simply put, the Google driverless car relies on a sophisticated system of radars and cameras that map the car s environment and detect cars, pedestrians, traffic lights, white lines, or other obstacles. (Source:  The Artificial Intelligence in Google s Self-Driving Cars Now Qualifies as Legal Driver,  Fortune, February 10, 2016.) It then uses this information to determine the car s next move. In fact, the technology is so advanced that you face more risk of injury to your eyes than being run over by one, as your eyes are trying to understand just how repulsive the Google driverless car s looks.

But the Google driverless car is based on a much different principle than what Tesla has used. Tesla, the car company/new religion of smug millionaires, launched its interpretation of driverless technology, marketed with the crackpot term of  Autopilot,  at the end of 2015 as a software update. Overnight, and with little oversight, Tesla  Model S  owners suddenly had access to driverless capabilities. Autopilot is still being tested, ostensibly by Tesla customers, and as mentioned, there has already been one deadly accident. (Source:  As U.S. Investigates Fatal Tesla Crash, Company Defends Autopilot System,  The New York Times, July 12, 2016.) In that sense, those who feel driverless car technology is a key factor for the future, might prefer Google stock over Tesla for the time being.

For the record, Tesla has defended its technology. Still, it s more of a driver assistance system that can be activated under certain conditions, rather than a truly autonomous function. Technically, with Tesla s Autopilot engaged, a driver must always be present, keep his or her hands on the wheel, and be ready to take back control at any time. Unfortunately, many Tesla owners have a faith in their cars that borders on the religious, so you may want to pray that the driver of that Tesla behind you is an agnostic.

The Bottom Line on Google Stock

There s no need for such fatalism when confronted by a Google driverless car testing in Mountain View, California or Austin, Texas. Google has tested 70 cars, which have covered nearly 1.6 million combined miles in total autonomy. The firm has extended experience in two other cities: Kirkland, Washington and Phoenix, Arizona.

Google could very well be the leader in self-driving/driverless car technology and its approach could yield holders of Google stock the biggest profits especially since it can be adapted to fit most cars already in production. Alphabet Inc reports Q2 GAAP EPS for Class A and B common stock $7  
2016-05-23
3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL), Monsanto Company (MON ... The stock market had a week of mixed results that ended on a high note as the S&P 500 surged 0.6% Friday, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average finished the day 0.4% higher.

The likes of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ), Monsanto Company (NYSE: MON ) and Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA ) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO ) are stocks that were making the biggest headlines this weekend.

Here s what s happening with these stocks:

Monsanto Company (MON)

Monsanto shares are surging higher in Monday s premarket trade thanks to a bid by German drugmaker Bayer ( BAYRY ) for $62 billion in cash.

While Bayer is known for its pharmaceutical business, it also has extensive reach in agriculture and crop science. So the combination would create the largest agricultural supplier in world.

Bayer s bid likely will mean the end of the reported interest from German chemical firm BASF ( BASFY ). It also marks yet another M&A move in the agribusiness space. Other deals recently include a merger between Dow Chemical ( DOW ) and DuPont ( DD ), as well as ChemChina s $43 billion purchase of Syngenta AG (ADR) ( SYT ).

Not everyone is in favor of the deal, with one major shareholder accusing Bayer CEO Werner Baumann of  arrogant empire-building. 

Still, Wall Street is happy with the deal, as MON stock is being bid up by 8% in Monday morning trading.

Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA)

Tesla continues its to cement itself as one of the preeminent electric car makers in the world with an Asian expansion plan.

The automotive company is fueling rumors of building a factory in China, with CTO JB Straubel stating that Tesla will erect a factory overseas if it reaches  critical mass. 

In the past, Elon Musk has also discussed the rumor, mentioning that we could be less than three years away from seeing construction begin for a China Tesla factory.

TSLA shares are up marginally on the news.

Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL)

Google announced an update over the weekend that will improve mobile search.

The tech giant is making the function more aesthetically pleasing as the website s mobile search has adopted a new format known as  Rich Cards.  With this function, you can scroll through the search results as if they make up a deck of cards that you can examine.

Google also announced over the weekend that the company is improving Android and Chrome OS by combining the best features of the two.

As of this writing, Karl Utermohlen did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) and Apple Inc. (AAPL) Battle It Out For Top Spot Published By: Ken Bock on May 23, 2016 02:25 pm EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) have been locked tightly in a battle for supremacy over the past years to determine who outweighs what, when it comes to being crowned as the most valuable company in the world. For a brief period earlier this year, Google over took Apple as the world s largest company in terms of market value but Apple regained its title in May. However, due to the disappointing sales performance of the current iPhone models and due to Google s innovations, it s difficult to determine which of the two Silicon Valley behemoths will end the year as a top dog in this highly competitive tech world.

The iPhone has been a major source of revenue for Apple in the past years, so it was a huge blow to the company when the latest models of the iPhone failed to match the sales of its predecessor. Google is waiting in the cue to once again overtake Apple as the most valuable company in the world.

Another reason for Google to be optimistic about taking over from the current leaders is the saturation in the smartphone world that is increasing at a fast rate. This will allow the growth in the smartphone industry to be focused on services, something that Google is renowned for. This factor will continue to rise the stock prices for Alphabet, giving it a competitive edge over Apple.

Currently, both Apple and Alphabet are worth $522 billion and $496 billion respectively, so their battel for supremacy is fiercer than ever. Both tech giants are going neck and neck, as one tries to outperform the other. Both of the companies have been hugely profitable in recent years for entirely different reasons. While Apple has continued to set the trends by creating must have iPhones and other gadgets, Google has pushed the boundaries for innovation and software development.

Apple's biggest concern at the moment is that the company has failed to impress its audience due to lack of innovation and technological breakthrough. As Apple s fiercest rivals continue to innovate and capture the imagination of their users, Apple simply has not delivered on that front. Meanwhile, Google has learned to evolve and be so much more than just a search engine, with recent innovations and development in the smartphone market and the tremendous success of its Android operating system.

With recent investment in India and China, Apple has every reason to believe that it can hold on to its crown as the most valuable company in the world, but due to Google s sheer determination, this is one battle that is excitingly heating up for round two. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Plans To Put The Art Back in Artificial Intelligence Published By: Ken Bock on May 23, 2016 09:30 am EST

During the Moogfest musical and technology festival held in North Carolina, Alphabet Inc. s (NADAQ:GOOGL) artificial intelligence researcher, Douglas Eck, stated that the company would collaborate with a new group to figure out if artificial intelligence can truly be creative and produce on its own. The audience at the Moogfest was given a brief about what can be expected from the highly promising collaboration.

The collaboration involves Magenta utilizing Google s machine learning engine  TensorFlow , enabling artificial intelligence systems to cope with the task of independently creating on their own. The main aim of the collaboration is to design working software that can train artificial intelligence systems to create musical compositions and artistic videos. This will be a major coup if the collaboration successfully accomplishes this task due to the technicalities involved.

Google is well aware that even the most advanced artificial intelligence systems cannot completely imitate the styles and techniques of existing artists and musicians. So, it s a huge task to work on system that enables artificial intelligence software to produce entirely original ideas on its own.

The goal of the collaboration is to develop an artificial intelligence system that can independently create  musical chills  by implementing new musical pieces on a regular basis while the users sit back and relax in the comfort of their homes. The software is still in its early development stages, so might require some sort of human involvement to function. The task of programming a machine to be completely independent is extremely difficult, so the program will need some time to achieve the collaboration s goal and evolve accordingly.

Google will start developing software tools to help their own team and other researchers to determine the creative potential of artificial intelligence systems. The first step for Google is to develop and launch a new program that assists researchers to transfer data from music files into TensorFlow, allowing the system to learn more about the musical styles and harness knowledge.

The inspiration for the new project comes from Google s brain project  Google DeepDream , where artificial intelligence systems were trained to fill the missing gaps in pictures and complete image databases. From there, Google wanted to know if it could stretch its capabilities and collaborate to create an artificial intelligence system that can make exciting music. While the idea of machines replacing chart topping musical artists is exciting and stretches the imagination of a developer, this is highly unlikely to be achieved anytime soon. Google believes in this project and aims to break the boundaries set for artificial intelligence. 
2016-10-08
Why Alphabet Inc & Walt Disney Co Might Still Acquire Twitter Inc (TWTR ... Twitter Inc (NASDAQ:TWTR) stock finally came down to earth after Recode published a story that said neither Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) nor Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) are looking to acquire it. This report was a big blow to Twitter stock owners and speculators who hoped for lots of bidders.

Naturally, a bidding war with many parties increases the likelihood of a bigger buyout price, and larger TWTR stock gains. If Alphabet and Walt Disney aren t bidding, that leaves Salesforce.com, inc (NYSE:CRM) as the most likely suitor.

CRM does not have deep enough pockets to pay the premium that Twitter stock owners want. With that said, this does not paint a rosy picture for TWTR, unless Alphabet and Walt Disney are still in play.

Theory on why Alphabet & Walt Disney deny interest

Yes, Kara Swisher at Recode has big tech connections and yes, Recode has significant resources at its disposal. Still, if you were an acquirer that was interested in an asset with many other suitors, wouldn t you try to pass along misleading information? And wouldn t you want that information to reach your competitors?

I realize these questions open up all sorts of conspiracy theories and  what if  scenarios, but in this particular conversation, it should be considered. Fact is that whoever buys Twitter will have to pay upwards of $20 billion! That s a lot of money.

Salesforce.com does not have the deepest of pockets, but it does have a lot of incentive after failing to acquire LinkedIn. If CRM, or AT&T and Verizon, know that Alphabet and Walt Disney are trying to acquire Twitter, it changes how they bid. In other words, if Alphabet and Walt Disney publicaly say they are interested in Twitter, it could end up costing them several billion dollars extra, or for whoever wins.

Therefore, BNL Finance thinks Alphabet and Walt Disney might very well be in the running to acquire Twitter. Furthermore, we think it is a good strategy to deny interest from an acquirer s perspective.

What s so good about Twitter?

All things considered, right after the Recode report, the media instantly went from  everyone wants to acquire Twitter  to  How could any company want Twitter?  Given how user growth has essentially stopped, and that TWTR stock has been in a constant slide for over a year, it is no surprise the market would quickly come to this realization.

However, Twitter does have well over 300 million monthly active users, and it has another 500 million who consume tweets but are not logged in users. That s a big network, and there is value in large networks.

Besides that, the real value is in its live video capabilities. This is something we have explained in many posts.



Keep in mind that Twitter s live video services just begun several weeks ago. It had messed around with content, but Thursday Night Football marked its official launch.

Since then, live video has nearly been an every night occurrence, whether it be politics or sports. Our belief is that the social element to live content coupled with the mobile first approach and free to all strategy will be very lucrative long-term. BNL Finance believes that Twitter s content properties will continue to grow, and will become especially popular with cord cutters who don t have pay-TV services and often lack local programming where live content is often hosted.

Finally, we believe these assets are particularly attractive to companies that lack an effective mobile viewing option, are making investments in video content, or are looking to expand on their successful but very different video properties (i.e. YouTube, Netflix, Amazon).

The list of potential suitors is quite large, we count 11 total, and yes, we believe Alphabet and Walt Disney Co are still in the running to acquire Twitter. 
2016-04-24
3 Things Investors Must Know About Alphabet Inc.'s Android N Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google recently launched the second developer preview for Android N, the newest version of its mobile operating system. The changes in the OS, which will be officially launched later this year, reveal a lot about Google's mobile strategy and how it will widen its moat against rivals like Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB). Let's discuss the three key changes which could matter the most to tech investors.

1. It's more like Windows

Android N will let developers create apps which work in split-screen environments on phones and tablets. It also offers a desktop-style "freeform" mode which enables apps to be freely moved around in individual windows with mouse support. Both features make Android look and feel more like Windows, and were clearly added with bigger productivity tablets and 2-in-1 devices in mind.

Google is doing this because Microsoft's Surface and its 2-in-1 followers dominate a rapidly growing niche between the sluggish tablet and laptop markets. Research firm IDC estimates that the global market share of all Windows tablets (slate and 2-in-1s) could more than double from 8.4% in 2015 to 17.5% in 2019.

Google launched the Pixel C 2-in-1 Android device last year to tap into that growth, but it fared poorly against Microsoft's Surface 3 in most reviews. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) launched the iPad Pro for the same reason, but the jury's still out on whether or not it can compete as a productivity device. By adding split-screens and multi-window displays to Android N, Google likely hopes that it can throttle Microsoft's growth in 2-in-1s and gain a foothold in the enterprise market. It also complements its long-rumored plan to merge Chrome OS and Android into a single operating system.

2. Android's "3D Touch"

Android N also adds support for pressure-sensitive screens, similar to Apple's "3D Touch" feature in the iPhone 6s. The OS already features special app and menu launching options which react based on how hard a user touches the screen. This means that the next generation of Android devices and apps should tap into that feature, and we could see more cross-platform iOS and Android apps with "3D Touch."



This could be good news for Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI), which supplies Apple with the microcontroller that controls the 3D Touch display. Orders from Apple helped Analog's consumer electronics unit post triple-digit year-over-year sales growth in the last two quarters of 2015, however those gains have started fading this year due to slowing orders of iPhones. But if Android OEMs also buy microcontrollers from Analog to add pressure-sensitive screens, sales could soar again.

3. Focusing on virtual reality

Google has already ventured into virtual reality with Cardboard apps and 360-degree YouTube videos, and Android N will add even tighter support for VR apps. The preview contains references to "VR Listener" and "VR Helper" apps, which will likely automatically optimize a smartphone when it is being used in a VR headset. The OS also includes a permissions warning stating that an app can run while "using applications in virtual reality mode" -- indicating that Google expects more VR apps to reach the Play Store.

Expanding that ecosystem can help Google widen its moat against Facebook, which already runs its own VR app store, Oculus Home, for its Oculus Rift headset. Google likely considers Oculus Home as a major threat in the fledgling VR market, so simplifying VR app development for Android might help the Play Store successfully evolve from a mobile storefront to a VR one. Google is also reportedly developing an upgraded plastic Cardboard headset for phones and a stand-alone VR headset which doesn't require a phone, PC, or console.

Big mobile changes ahead

Android N's new features reveal that Google is defending its turf against its most formidable foes. The OS is becoming more like Windows to counter the popularity of the Surface, it's supporting pressure-sensitive screens to keep up with Apple, and it's gaining more VR features to hold Facebook at bay. Those are all smart moves, but the future of Android N will ultimately depend on how well Google's OEM partners can implement all these features in their new devices. 
2016-10-20
Alphabet Inc: The One Reason to Be Bullish on GOOG Stock By Mukta Samtani Published : October 20, 2016

More Gains Ahead For GOOG Stock

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock touched a record high of $804.63 yesterday and closed the session at $801.56. GOOG stock has returned about 20% over the past year, as compared to the broader S&P 500, which has returned around eight percent in the same period. Google stock has been gaining on the back of a series of good news.

Google s new  Pixel  smartphone has received very good reviews, with many reviewers impressed by its built-in feature,  Google Assistant,  which is the distinguishing feature of the Pixel. Working as as a researcher or a translator, Google Assistant s speech-to-text recognition is outstanding. The Pixel is also ready for Google s virtual reality (VR) platform,  Daydream,  which makes the smartphone unique in its class.

As explained by a reviewer, the Google Pixel  offers the look and competence of an iPhone, with a truly great camera and loads of innovative software and services.  (Source:  Review: Google Pixel,  Wired, October 18, 2016.)

With the built-in Google Assistant being touted as better than Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ:AAPL)  Siri,  the competition with Apple takes an interesting turn. It was said that the  iPhone  maker shall gain on the back of losses by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. However, it may not be an easy ride now, with Google s Pixel arriving soon. Google Assistant is said to be better at doing on-phone tasks like launching an app, creating notes, or playing music, which is good for Pixel sales and Google stock.

Alphabet is likely to gain from the losses of Samsung s  Galaxy Note 7.  Ahead of the holiday season, the search company s move into hardware is likely to reap rich rewards. With good demand for Pixel smartphones, GOOG stock shall see further uptrend.

With professional reviews calling the Pixel the best  Android  phone on the market, and Google Assistant turning out to be better than Siri, Google stock shall be the final gainer.

Analysts have been bullish on Google stock, which enjoys a consensus rating of  buy  and the average price target hovering around $940.00.

Google has been dominating search and online advertising space for a long time. All eyes are now on the demand for its new set of gadgets revealed early this month. As consumers look forward to the new Pixel arriving Thursday, an upside in smartphone sales should take GOOG stock up further. Alphabet Inc Announces New Storage Class For GOOGL Cloud Storage Published By: Ken Bock on October 20, 2016 12:20 pm EST

Google Cloud Storage offers reliable, low cost and accessible data storage developers and organizations, which has consistent APIs for convenient use. At a London event, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) announced a revival of its current Google Cloud Storage. It will have new classes, data lifecycle tools, and improved prices. The biggest announcement regarding Google storage services was the launch of a new cold storage service, Coldline.

Google Cloud Storage was already offering Nearline, which is a data archival and recovery class with data access in real-time. Coldline is developed to fill in the small gap left by Nearline. Coldline is even more reasonable than Nearline costing $0.007 per gigabyte per month whereas Nearline costs $0.01 per gigabyte per month. This may feel like a small difference but with petabytes of data to store, this may result in huge savings for IT firms and other organizations.

Nearline allows data to be accessed less than once a month, whereas Coldline will allow data to be accessed less than once a year and is ideal for years of archival needs of organizations. The latency of Coldline will be as low as other storage classes of Google which basically means that the data will be accessible in real-time or within milliseconds. Moreover, Coldline is a part of the Google Switch and Save program that will allow organizations to transfer up to 100 petabytes of data to Google Cloud for free for a few months.

Google has also revamped the current standard storage to a highly accessible data as Multi-Regional class and a lower priced tier known as Regional class. Multi-Regional class will be an easily accessible geo-redundant storage class that will make sure that if one region goes down, the other region is readily available. Truthfully, the new class is not that different from the old standard storage service in Google s three multi-region countries; USA, Asia and Europe.

Hence, with the addition of Coldline, Google Storage Classes will now comprise of Multi-Regional, Regional, Nearline and Coldline class. Google has created a powerful storage platform for users and organizations, which is reasonable and makes data storage a breeze. 
2016-07-12
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is Going After China 

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is Going After China

Fundamentals

GOOGL REVENUE (TTM)



 

There's very little detail about the opening or what exactly the center will do, and western media haven't even carried any reports on the new center.   Source: Forbes There's very little detail about the opening or what exactly the center will do, and western media haven't even carried any reports on the new center.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is famously known for once being in China and then either leaving by choice or getting kicked out, depending on your source. Facebook and Amazon.com are also locked out of China and each are making strides to try to crack the largest single market for any company. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been the only major technology company to make it into China, and even that is now a precarious situation.Even though Alphabet Inc has been excluded from China, revenue has nonetheless continued its skyward trajectory.But if we take a step back, the idea that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Alphabet Inc has grown this quickly, to this size, without the largest single populace of Internet users, smartphone buyers and online shoppers is nothing short of staggering. But the secret is out, Alphabet Inc is going after china.Here's a chart from our friends at Statista that shows the number of Internet users by country.Capital Market Labs (CMLviz) broke news on May 11th, 2016 that Alphabet Inc Google's official blog posted a rather innocuous story about its Word Lens product, stating that it would be adding Chinese to its instant virtual translation. We penned an article, "It's Hidden in the Cracks, But: Google is Going After China," which was available to CML Pro members. But today, we get the payoff of from that little tidbit.Forbes reported that Alphabet Inc will be opening an experience in center in Shenzhen, but other than that, the rest is shrouded in mystery. Here's how the article reads:It turns out that Chinese national government inspector Liu Ji will attend the event. More than that, we don't know. But that's not true, of course. The mainstream media has stopped there, with a sniff of an entry by Google into China, but the preamble, "the moves before the moves," that point to an entry of Alphabet Inc into China entry soon are wrapped up in the original dossier.It's important to put some context into China for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). First, the smartphone market is utterly dominated by Alphabet's Android -- we're looking at over 80% market share. But, Alphabet's global app store (Google Play) and Google Search are blocked in China.There are 420 million mobile Internet users in China and just under a billion mobile phone users and the share of mobile phone users that are moving to smartphones is growing rapidly. Here's another chart from our friends at Statista.So, what we see here is that this is a two-sided relationship for China and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google. China has become infamously nasty to Apple of late, going so far as to block sales of certain iPhone's due to a trademark infringement where China claims its own homegrown manufacturer first assumed ownership of certain elements of the body of the phone. We'll spare the details here, but this is just the most recent in a serious of events where China has kicked Apple in the teeth, so much so that famed investor Carl Icahn actually sold his enormous Apple Inc. (AAPL) stake, explicitly noting the added risk to China's new found aggressiveness to Apple.The flip side to that is China's unending appetite to push technology further -- to no longer be a country used for cheap labor, but to be used for critical elements of research and development and home grown technology. A partnership with Alphabet Inc means a partnership with Android, and that means an empowering move for every smartphone manufacturer that China has created.Recall that Chinese smartphone giant Huawei became the first company in China to manufacture Alphabet's Nexus phones. Further, the introduction of Alphabet's eco system and apps would push development forward for the nationalized Chinese companies. It's a slick way for the government to undermine Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and its closed ecosystem (iOS) while empowering its local companies and Alphabet's open source operating system.Google is going to make a run for China again and it's going to be soon. While it's almost impossible to imagine market moving events that can swing GOOGL stock in any serious way other than an earnings release, make no mistake, a successful move into China could absolutely push Alphabet stock over one trillion in market cap over the next few years. It's still a "if," but the odds are looking pretty good for Google. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Has Growth Potential Despite Brexit: Analyst Published By: Ken Bock on July 12, 2016 09:42 am EST

Brian Wieser, a Pivotal Research analyst, maintained his Buy rating on Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stock ahead of second quarter results the company is scheduled to report July 28. The analyst is confident on Alphabet s growth and therefore raised his price target on the stock to $1,000 from $970 previously. The recent price target suggests an upside potential of 37.51% over the stock s last close of $727.20.

Mr. Wieser also looked into Facebook Inc. s (NASDAQ:FB) current position and commented for both the companies that even though they might be hurt slightly by Brexit, their dominance is expected to continue and much more growth is anticipated in future. He iterated both the companies remain the  hegemonic players in digital advertising.  According to Magna Global estimates, global digital advertising increased by $18 billion during 2015, while Zenith Optimedia estimates suggest it grew by $17 billion. Note that both the estimates exclude results from China, where both the companies have little revenues on a constant currency basis.

According to estimates by Pivotal Research, constant currency advertising revenues for both the Internet giants grew by $18 billion. This implies that last year both Google and Facebook generated global digital advertising growth of 100% or more, excluding China. Mr. Weiser commented:  Other media owners  digital growth either came alongside Google s as part of their ad network activities or displaced declines from other digital media owners. We see no reason for this trend to change soon, as both Facebook and Google continue to innovate their ad product offerings and expand the  share of wallet  they each capture from advertisers. 

The analyst sees additional upside for Facebook, given the recent establishment of business models at Messenger and Whatsapp and also due to improved monetization at its mobile photo-sharing platform, Instagram. Additionally, Google s push into marketing technology has provided with sustainable rapid growth. Excluding China, the firm estimates global digital advertising share of Facebook to rise to 28% from 18% over the next four years. For Google, the firm expects global digital advertising share, excluding China, to rise to 59% from 54% by 2020. Apple Inc. And Alphabet Inc Pocket More Revenue From Pok mon Go Than Nintendo ... Published By: Ken Bock on July 12, 2016 02:41 pm EST

It has only been a week since Pok mon Go was officially released in the US but already the augmented reality application has generated billions of dollars for its developers and partners. Interestingly, the application has generated more revenue around the world for the likes of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) than Nintendo. Even though Nintendo, which owns the rights to Pok mon, has seen a significant rise in its market share due to the sheer success of Pok mon Go but those figures have been outmatched by tech giants   Apple and Google. Here is The Country Caller s take on how Apple and Google are pocketing more revenue from Pok mon Go than Nintendo!

As it turns out Nintendo only pockets an estimated one fifth of the total revenue generated from Pok mon Go, it entered into a partnership with The Pok mon Company and Niantic in order to make the augmented reality application a reality. The deal was signed for $30 million, which stipulates that 60% of the total revenue will be equally awarded to both   The Pok mon Company and Niantic. As the augmented reality application is available on App Store and Play Store, Apple and Google get to keep 30% of the remaining total revenue. This means that the last remaining 10% of total revenue is all that is left for Nintendo.

Pok mon Go has quickly become the most talked about application, even though it has not been officially released in most parts of the world yet. The application has seen an astronomical rise in daily users and these numbers are only going to get stronger. Millions of Pok mon fans have eagerly waited for this application and now that it is finally available, users cannot get enough of it. The phenomenon has caused countless users to allow the application to consume their lives, as they attempt to capture different Pok mon and battle other users. 10% might not sound much but considering the fact that the augmented reality game is generating billions of dollars, Nintendo easily earns around a million dollar on daily basis. The game is already experiencing daily profits of around $5 million, so each partner of the app walks away very happily with a lot of money.

The developers of Pok mon Go could not have predicted the enormous success that it has amassed, especially after it was originally designed to be a fitness application. It will certainly grow in popularity, especially after it officially releases in other parts of the globe. Hence, Apple and Google will be rubbing their hands in anticipation of the additional billions of dollars that will be generated from the frenzy that comes attached to the augmented reality application. Netflix, Inc. (NFLX), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Priceline Group Inc (PCLN): Top 3 ... Published By: Ken Bock on July 12, 2016 01:13 pm EST

After the UK s decision to part ways from the European Union, RBC Capital issued a report on large-cap Internet stocks Monday, suggesting the names to Buy in the sector. Mark Mahaney, the analyst at the firm, discussed concerns following the Brexit, and also pointed out three big names people should consider investing in during the third quarter.

Netflix

The research firm labelled Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) as the most  high quality, on sale  large-cap Internet stock. Mr. Mahaney believes that the market has overblown some concerns for the world s leading online TV network, including competition, international growth, opportunities, and profitability model. He maintained his bullish Overweight rating and $140 price target on Netflix shares, which fell 2.46% and closed the market at $94.67 on Monday, after a bearish report from Wedbush.

Alphabet

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is expected to see stabilizing traffic acquisition cost (TAC), expanding operating margins of core Google, and accelerated revenue growth for core Google at a reasonable pace of 20% through fiscal year 2016. These factors should create upside to  an intrinsically attractive stock,  the research firm noted. RBC reiterated its Outperforming rating and its hefty $1,000 price target on the stock, which closed up 1.31% at $727.20 Monday.

Priceline Group

The analyst sees the profitability and growth trends for Priceline Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PCLN) to remain strong and consistent, with growth of room nights and strong bookings during the current quarter to remain assuring. He believes that room night growth for the largest travel agent in the US this year would be in-line or slightly above last year due to alternative accommodations and China outbound. The sell side firm kept its Outperform rating and $1,600 price target on Priceline unchanged. The stock closed the trading session up 1.62% at $1,351.03 yesterday.

Brexit Exposure

RBC believes that eBay Inc., Expedia Inc., Priceline, Tripadvisor Inc., and Twitter Inc., all have 10% revenue exposure to the UK. Additionally, Alphabet, eBay, Expedia, and Priceline have 20% dependence on other European countries as well. These companies are expected to face transactional demand pressure and currency headwinds, which could affect their 3QFY16 results. Google selects Shutterstock to deliver images across Google advertising products  
2016-07-03
Alphabet, Apple, and Tesla Motors Lead the Self Driving Revolution 

Alphabet, Apple, and Tesla Motors Lead the Self Driving Revolution



Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Tesla Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) are three technology companies leading the self driving car revolution. While news broke a couple of days ago of a tragic death from a passenger using the self driving mode of a Tesla Motors Model S, the revolution is coming and it will not be derailed.Of the three leaders, Tesla Motors is the easiest to dissect. Unlike Apple and Alphabet, Tesla Motors is already making and selling cars with self driving features. The fully automated self driving mode is in beta, and that is a part of the tragic death. It's a fair question to ask whether an application that bears the responsibility of life and death should ever be released before it's ready for full blown production, we must look beyond the incident to see the remarkable revolution that's coming in our future.There are two parts to the thematic trend. First, we can look at vehicles that will have self driving features. These are vehicles with capabilities for self parking, automatic braking and collision alert systems, to name a few. Here is the projected growth from BI Intelligence:That's a 134% compounded-annual-growth rate for the next five years ending at 10 million cars by 2020. The estimates beyond 2020 are enormous. This is just the beginning of the revolution and for all the hype that the other technology firms get, Tesla Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) is the leader.But, as most shrewd analysts will point out, the fiercest competition that Tesla Motors will face will likely be coming from Silicon Valley.If Tesla Motors is furthest down the path of the three in terms a deliverable product than Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is publicly believed to be the one firm furthest down the path of a full blown self driving car brain. Alphabet's Google self driving car is famously known for driving the streets of the Bay Area, and has recorded over 1,000,000 miles.Using unsupervised machine learning algorithms, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has built a brain that can then be put in any vehicle to turn it into a totally autonomous self driving vehicle. In fact the Alphabet Google self driving car just learned how to honk. Here is the growth expected in the fully autonomous self driving realm:The global shipments are expected to grow 2,400% by 2020. And, like the vehicles with self driving features, the forecasts beyond 2020 are simply staggering. It's a revolution in the making and we can see it happening in plain sight. For now, Alphabet's Google may very well be in the lead for the fully autonomous vehicle.But if Tesla Motors Inc. and Alphabet Inc. have all your attention, then you may be missing not only the elephant in the room, but the entire jungle.Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is secretive. The company always has been. But Apple's creation of a vehicle has been called "an open secret" by Tesla Motors' CEO Elon Musk. CMLviz broke news that Apple bought the domains apple.car and apple.auto. Further, the less than hidden secret project called "Project Titan" now apparently involves more than 1,000 engineers and is openly known to be Apple's self driving car project.In fact, Apple has poached so much talent from across the automotive and battery industries that it was sued by A123, an electric car battery maker, claiming that Apple has hired away five high-tech PhD and engineering employees, causing "irreparable harm."With Apple's brand loyalty and one billion install base of current users, whether or not the firm makes it early into the self driving car revolution is not the story. Just as Apple was late to the smartphone world, the innovation Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) brought not only dominated the industry, it grew it by 2,000% over just eight years simply by virtue of its existence.Whether Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) will find a similar success in the self driving revolution is yet to be seen, but don't count Apple out.One company is the leader in artificial intelligence in all fields, but especially self driving cars. In fact, it already calls 50 auto manufacturers as customers including Tesla Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA).While Tesla Motors Inc., Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc. will push the envelope toward self driving cars, it's this company that will develop the technology power the artificial intelligence and computing speed to power it. There is one king, and TSLA, AAPL, GOOGL and every other car manufacturer will need the crown to unlock the true revolution of self driving cars. 
2016-07-29
Alphabet, Inc. Delivers a "Terrific" Beat Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) just released segment-based results for the third time Thursday after the market close. With shares of the Internet juggernaut up more than 4% in after-hours trading, and flirting with a fresh 52-week-high as of this writing, investors are rightly happy with what it had to say.

The headline numbers

Consolidated revenue grew 21.3% year over year, to $21.5 billion, and would have increased 25% if it weren't for the negative effects of foreign-currency exchange. Based on generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), that translated to 23.7% growth in operating income, to $5.97 billion, and 24.1% growth in GAAP net income, to $4.88 billion. GAAP net income per share climbed 42% year over year for class A and B common shares, and rose 8.9% for class C capital stock, both to $7.00.

On an adjusted (non-GAAP) basis -- which excludes items like stock-based compensation -- operating income climbed 25.4% year over year, to $7.47 billion, and adjusted net income grew 17.7%, to $5.86 billion. Adjusted net income per share increased 20.5% year over year, to $8.42. Alphabet also repurchased around 2 million shares of Class C stock during the quarter, for $1.4 billion, completing all authorized share repurchases under its repurchase program.

By comparison, and keeping in mind we don't typically pay close attention to Wall Street's demands, analysts' consensus estimates predicted lower adjusted earnings of $8.03 per share on revenue of $20.76 billion.

Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat praised her company's results as "terrific," elaborating that they "reflect the successful investments we've made over many years in rapidly expanding areas such as mobile and video."

Breaking it down

Alphabet broke out the respective financial performances of its two primary operating segments, including the core Google business, and those efforts that fall under promising early stage "Other Bets" category.

Three Months Ended June 30, 2015 Three Months Ended June 30, 2016 Growth (YOY) Google segment revenues $17.6530 billion $21.315 billion 20.7% Google operating income $5.608 billion $6.994 billion 24.7% Other Bets revenues $74 million $185 million 150% Other Bets operating income (loss) ($660 million) ($859 million) N/A

On "Other Bets"

Alphabet's "Other Bets" segment is decidedly unprofitable, as quarterly capital expenditures (capex) dedicated to the early-stage businesses jumped more than 20% year over year, to $280 million. But that also represents a deceleration in capex growth for the segment; the figure held steady from $280 million last quarter, when Other Bets capex nearly doubled on a year-over-year basis. That's a small fraction of the $2.056 billion in capex that Alphabet dedicated to supporting its core Google business in Q2, which itself represents a slight decline from $2.06 billion in last year's second quarter.

Moreover, I'm compelled to remind investors that these short-term results aren't necessarily indicative of Other Bets' success. Rather, given the disparate industries and various levels of progress at which Other Bets businesses -- including Fiber (high-speed Internet), Verily (longevity), Calico (life sciences), Nest (connected home), self-driving cars, and X (moonshots) -- currently stand, Porat regularly insists a more "instructive" way to measure their collective progress is by viewing their results over periods of at least 12 months.

We should also note that several Other Bets businesses remain in the "pre-revenue" stage, with the majority of revenue once again coming from Nest, Verily, and Fiber.

On Google

Next, Google continued to expand profitability, achieving operating margin of 32.8% in Q2, up from 31.8% in the same year-ago period. Google segment businesses include Search, Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, Google Play, and Gmail, as well as Ads, Commerce, Apps, Cloud, and hardware products. But as I noted in my earnings preview earlier this week, the primary source of revenue for each of these sub-segments -- and Alphabet overall -- is advertising.

Advertising revenue at Google grew 19.5% year over year, to $19.1 billion, representing just over 89% of Alphabet's total revenue. More specifically, advertising revenue from Google's own websites increased 24.2%, to $15.4 billion, while revenue from Google Network Members' sites grew 3.4%, to $3.743 billion.

During the subsequent earnings conference call, Porat echoed her comments from last quarter that this growth can be credited to continued "substantial strength in mobile search, due to the ongoing benefit from the improvement in ad formats and delivery that we watched in the third quarter last year."

Porat also pointed to "solid" growth in both desktop and tablet search, while YouTube revenue continues to grow at a rapid clip. More specifically on the latter, the leading video portal continues to enjoy traction for its TrueView video ad format, but also sees increasing contributions from Google Preferred, as well as from buying on DoubleClick bid manager.

Next, Aggregate paid clicks climbed 29% year over year, including 37% growth in paid clicks on Google websites, and flat growth in paid clicks on Google Network Members' sites.

Aggregate cost-per-click -- which help measure how much Google makes per ad -- fell 7% year over year, including a 9% decline on Google sites, and an 8% decrease on Google Network Members' sites. Similar to the metric's decline over the past few quarters, however, this is partially owed to the outsized growth of YouTube, where TrueView ads reach consumers earlier in the purchase funnel, and tend to monetize at lower rates, rather than traditional web-based ad impressions. In any case, it's an enviable "problem" to have a fast-growing source of incremental ad revenue dragging down aggregate cost-per-click.

Finally, revenue from other (non-advertising) sources within Google increased 33% year over year, to $2.3 billion, reflecting strong, broad-based demand across Cloud, Apps, Play, and hardware.

In the end, there was little not to love about this impressive report from Alphabet. As the company continues to responsibly invest in long-term growth-driving initiatives, while fostering the health of its lucrative core business, I think investors should be more than happy with these results. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Headed to $1000 Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Headed to $1000

ALPHABET INC A closed up 3.870 at 765.840. Volume was 96% below average (consolidating) and Bollinger Bands were 37% wider than normal.

Open High Low Close Volume___

768.840 768.970 759.090 765.840 62,375

Technical Outlook

Short Term: Overbought

Intermediate Term: Bullish

Long Term: Bullish

Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period

Close: 755.60 728.83 739.82

Volatility: 14 21 27

Volume: 1,213,182 1,616,361 2,124,049

Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon.

Summary

ALPHABET INC A is currently 3.5% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is extremely low when compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. There is a good possibility that there will be an increase in volatility along with sharp price fluctuations in the near future. Our volume indicators reflect moderate flows of volume into GOOGL.O (mildly bullish). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on GOOGL.O and have had this outlook for the last 11 periods. Our momentum oscillator is currently indicating that GOOGL.O is currently in an overbought condition.

Momentum

Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators.

Stochastic Oscillator

One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 77.5838. This is not an overbought or oversold reading. The last signal was a sell 1 period(s) ago.

Relative Strength Index (RSI)

The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 70.90. This is where it usually tops. The RSI usually forms tops and bottoms before the underlying security. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a buy 21 period(s) ago.

Commodity Channel Index (CCI)

The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 99. This is not a topping or bottoming area. The last signal was a sell 3 period(s) ago.

MACD

The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a buy 17 period(s) ago.

Candlesticks

A black body occurred (because prices closed lower than they opened).

During the past 10 bars, there have been 6 white candles and 4 black candles for a net of 2 white candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 26 white candles and 24 black candles for a net of 2 white candles.

A long lower shadow occurred. This is typically a bullish signal (particularly when it occurs near a low price level, at a support level, or when the security is oversold).

Alphabet Inc. is a holding company. The Company holds interests in Google Inc. (Google). The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. Google segment includes Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome, Google Play, and hardware products, including Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus, which are sold by the Company. Its technical infrastructure and Virtual Reality are also included in Google segment. Google segment is engaged in advertising, sales of digital content, applications and cloud services, as well as sale of Google branded hardware. The Other Bets segment consists of various operating segments and includes businesses, such as Access/Google Fiber, Calico, Nest, Verily, GV, Google Capital, X and other initiatives. Other Bets segment is engaged in the sale of Nest hardware products, Internet and television services through Google Fiber, and licensing and research and development (R&D) services through Verily. 3 Stocks to Watch on Friday: Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Alphabet Inc (GOOG ... The technology industry rose slightly over the course of the day, while the rest of the market ended with mixed results. The S&P 500 surged 0.2%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average increased 0.1%.

There are several stocks to look out for to start off the day, including Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) and Wynn Resorts, Limited (NASDAQ: WYNN ).

Here s what you need to know:

Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN)

Amazon posted its quarterly earnings report after the bell Thursday.

The company earned $1.78 a share over the course of its second quarter, compared to the $1.11 a share that Wall Street projected.

Additionally, the e-commerce retailer posted revenue of $30.4 billion over the three-month period, surpassing the projection by $900 million.

The company has reported profits over its last five quarters, but it is unclear what Amazon will invest its money in now. The website appears to have more money than it can spend, with its most recent investment designed to build 18 new warehouses

AMZN stock rose 2% after hours.

Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL)

Alphabet also had an earnings report to release yesterday.

Consolidated revenue for the tech juggernaut amounted to $21.5 billion, which is better than the $20.76 billion that analysts expected.

Additionally, earnings totaled $8.42 a share, which is 38 cents per share higher than the $8.04 that analysts predicted.

Ad revenue rose 19.5% year-to-year to $19.14 billion. Alphabet s Other Bets segment   which includes Google Fiber, Nest and self-driving cars   increased 150% to $185 million.

GOOG stock rose 3.9% after the bell, while GOOGL stock grew 4.1%.

Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN)

Wynn Resorts also reported second-quarter results that topped the consensus estimate.

Analysts had hoped for earnings of 69 cents a share, which is 13 cents higher than the 56 cents from last year.

Meanwhile, revenue experienced a $20 million increase year-to-year at $1.06 billion. This figure is higher than the $1.02 billion that was expected by Thomson Reuters.

WYNN shares fell 6.1% after hours Thursday.

As of this writing, Karl Utermohlen did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Stock A Better Play Than Nintendo On Pokemon Go Hype The hype behind Pok mon Go was unjustified and I anticipate a massive implosion in Nintendo s valuation.

Furthermore, after conducting far more due diligence, I believe Nintendo s direct ownership stake is valued at $200 to $500 million.

The clear winner is Google, given the length of Niantic's partnership between Google and more well-defined revenue synergies/agreements.

The funny thing about Pok mon Go was how fast the hype had built up for Nintendo (OTC:NTDOY) shareholders before quickly dissipating into thin air.

Nintendo s most recent console generation a flop

I guess, my greatest concern with ever recommending Nintendo shares was the overwhelmingly disappointing results for the current console generation, err  what was called it called again? Oh yeah, the Nintendo Wii U. Now try searching for  Nintendo  on Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) or Google and it s nowhere near the top. In fact, the older generation Nintendo for retro gamers ranked higher on both Google and Amazon than the most recent console.

Talk about a huge marketing nightmare for Nintendo, as its latest efforts to generate excitement fell on deaf ears. Many have labeled this the worst line-up of games in Nintendo s recent console history. This is coming from diehard Nintendo fans   not me. So, the core business is doing bad, there's no fundamental argument for buying Nintendo aside from the purported hype from Pok mon Go.

The stock is trading higher on Niantic/Pok mon Go



So, if you re wondering why the stock is collapsing, it s due to a massive misinterpretation of Pok mon Go contribution to revenue/earnings and enterprise value. Furthermore, the core game console/software business has remained sluggish in the current generation, which is why there s no other reason to buy Nintendo with the exception of Pok mon Go. Nintendo already lost 25.7% of its value from its recent high, and I anticipate that the stock will continue to decline based on my preliminary analysis of Nintendo s equity position in Niantic and the minimal impact it will likely have despite the record year for the infant start-up, as it s set to generate a blistering amount of gross bookings over the next five-years.

For investors, the last glimmering strand of hope was Niantic, which recently launched Pok mon Go to the fanfare of a massively receptive global audience that now amounts to the North America installed base of Twitter, which implies MAUs in the range of 50 million to 100 million. Maybe the figure swelled to a much higher amount by now, but I could easily imagine the game at around 75 million users given the comparison to Twitter on numerous occasions.

So, what s Niantic worth?

As for the revenue analysis of Niantic, I believe revenue will compare to King Digital s ARPU (average revenue per user) given the reported usage of Pok mon Go and the high-dependency on purchasing premium virtual goods to maintain a competitive advantage in a peer-to-peer environment that forces gamers to congregate in local (real world) environments to compete in local tournaments. In other words, there s a lot of incentive to pay as you go, which implies that the penetration and usage rate should be comparable to more mature game franchises like Super Cell s Clash of Clans or King Digital s Candy Crush.

In FY 15 King Digital reported revenue of $2 billion with average MAUs of appx. 493.5 million (averaged over four quarters). Therefore, King s average revenue per user was $4.05 in FY 15. I believe, Niantic at appx. 75 million users imply revenue of $4 (low-end) and $5 (high-end) per MAU, which implies that the business is on track to generate $168 million in revenue from the current user base (due to half-year contribution), and assuming Niantic attaches another 200 million active users by year-end, the incremental users should contribute approximately $200 million in revenue. 200 million additional users should translate into one quarter of contribution given the uneven pace of incremental user additions paired with a small window for monetization in the current fiscal year.

Since the growth is exponential, the revenue could far exceed my expectations, but I feel fairly compelled to make the case that Niantic will generate appx. $368 million revenue given comparable mobile franchises, and a reasonable run rate for the duration of the year. Furthermore, I would value the business at a unicorn-like multiple, which implies that it should be valued in the range of 10x to 15x sales, which gives it a valuation in the range of $3.68 billion to $5.52 billion. The figure I arrive at (low-end) is roughly comparable to the analysis done by Citigroup, which values the business at $3.65 billion as mentioned in the Quartz article.

It just so happens that the rationale for my argument is roughly comparable to other street analysts as well (this actually happens a lot). That being the case, this is in no way a glowing recommendation to invest into Nintendo.

So, what s Nintendo s direct investment into Niantic worth?

While Nintendo does own a 33% interest in Pok mon Co., and also invested in Niantic for a minority equity stake. The joint development between Pok mon Co. and Niantic implies some form of a revenue share agreement, or licensing agreement. I m not sure, the details are extremely sparse, but with Niantic sustaining the vast majority of the development around AR, I would imagine Pok mon Co. involvement pertained more to gameplay and licensing of existing IP, which implies lower contribution for Nintendo than originally anticipated. I can t imagine a game that s likely to generate $368 million in actual revenue for current FY to be a substantial contributor to Nintendo s reported revenue, as Nintendo provided full-year guidance of $4.769 billion for the current fiscal year.

Many of the sell/buy side analysts got duped on this one. In fact, the investors became bag holders in a sort of move that reminds you of the OTC penny stock pump and dump schemes. Given the lack of verifiable details and the pent-up hype, I decided to sit back and weigh incremental information as it emerged.

Analysts believe Niantic s capital raise of $30 million should translate into a massive participating stake or revenue split for Nintendo. But, from my perspective, I believe the funding round was more a B round despite being labeled a  seed round.  This is because the business unit was spun-off from a pre-existing business unit within Google. The team was already assembled well in advance and preliminary technology was already put in place to execute on the AR implementation of a proven game franchise. Generally, even in a seed round, VC firms typically take on a 10% to 20% equity position, which implies that Niantic was already given a post-money valuation in excess of $300 million.

So, even if Nintendo had participated, it s unlikely that Nintendo secured a large enough equity position in Niantic to drive next-year earnings. If anything, I believe Nintendo s equity position is limited to approximately 5% to 10%. Of course, Google Ventures also participated, so it s not yet clear the extent of Nintendo s equity position. Typically, 5% is reasonable for a seed funding round when there s participation from other VC firms. Therefore, I believe Nintendo s ownership of Niantic can be valued at approximately $184 million (worst case scenario) to $552 million (best case scenario). This is a far cry from the $20 billion the game added to Nintendo s market value. I know I chase after tons of unicorns, but hardly ever will I ever recommend a tracking stock that mimics the behavior of a unicorn, especially in the case of Nintendo.

Investors should stick with Google

Google has multiple avenues to monetize Pok mon Go. The mark-to-market equity gains on Niantic will be far more substantial for Google, as Niantic was originally a division within Google that got spun-out, so the developers could remain independent from Google. It doesn t imply that Google s ownership position is strictly limited to the investment made by Google Ventures. Furthermore, Google monetizes the total transaction revenue at roughly a 30% royalty rate from the app store and also has the ability to monetize in-game advertising.

Therefore, Google is the clear winner here not Nintendo, sorry for bursting your bubble. I also highly recommend Google despite volatility in quarterly earnings as the core business is far more compelling when compared to many other peers in the Internet/Tech universe, and incremental opportunities add significant shareholder value when including the contribution of nascent product areas like autonomous vehicles, AR, app store, and YouTube. Should Alphabet Bring Android Pay To India? Launching Android Pay in India looks great on paper to tap the country's 1 billion mobile subscribers.

However, India's low AFA cutoff, small mobile payments industry and low consumer spending dampens the prospects.

Google would be better off if it launched Android Pay in other developed markets.

Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG) Android Pay is available in the U.S and U.K but Google isn t stopping there. The software giant intends to expand its payment service to Australia and Singapore, along with several other countries, in the coming months. In fact, speculative discussions in online forums suggest that Android Pay could also be launched in India going forward. But will this be a feasible venture? Let s examine the opportunities and risks involved with the launching of Android Pay in India to have a better understanding of the matter.

Opportunities

Let me start by saying that India is a huge market for smartphones. India is expected to surpass the U.S and emerge as the second largest smartphone market next year with projected sales of 192 million devices during 2018. So, in theory, launching any kind of mobile service or software in India has a great potential, given the sheer size of the country s phone market, at least on paper.

More to the point, the country is seeing a widespread proliferation of NFC devices across all price points. For instance, there are a whopping 422 NFC-enabled smartphone models retailing in India. Let s be clear, these don t include discontinued models; they are actual devices that are currently on sale in the country. Out of this pool of devices, about 108 NFC-enabled smartphones carry a price tag of less than $250. This widespread penetration of NFC smartphones across varying price points suggests that launching a service built on NFC could find several million users in India.

Also, Indian banks have started to realize the potential of NFC-based mobile payment solutions. Major banks such as HDFC, SBI, ICICI and Axis Bank are all expanding their NFC terminal networks across India to promote the use of the next-gen tech amongst their users. Backing from the bankers makes the launch of Android Pay all the more feasible; there is already infrastructure in place to leverage the growth prospects of NFC mobile payments, so Google won t have to start from scratch.

A key factor to note here is that there s a huge opportunity of carrier billing in India. There are more mobile subscribers in India than credit/debit cards: 1 billion mobile subscribers compared to about 670 million credit and debit cards. So by linking the Android Pay directly to the consumer s mobile billing accounts, I believe Google could actually increase its total addressable market even further.

Risks

Now that we have discussed the opportunities, let s take a look at what all challenges and risks Android Pay could face in India.

First and foremost, the average consumer spending is relatively lower in India compared to other developed nations; the chart attached below highlights that in detail. This may not mean much in isolation but we have to realize that Android Pay is a for-profit venture. Lower consumer spending means lower commission revenue for Google. So a massive Pan-India launch of Android Pay may not be worth it at all if it isn t going to generate sizable returns for the software giant.

(Source)

Another roadblock that could hinder Android Pay s growth in the country is that the Reserve Bank of India has imposed an  Additional Factor of Authentication  restriction on all transactions above $30. It basically requires you to enter a PIN at the merchant s point of sale terminal if the bill is above $30. The whole premise of the NFC mobile payment technology is to make transactions faster and safer, but with the mandatory PIN requirement, that may not happen. Consumers may not opt in for any NFC-based mobile payment service in India if it doesn t save time. Google is probably better off launching its service in other countries where the AFA-cutoff is relatively higher.

It's also worth considering that India s mobile payments industry is quite small, aggregating to just $1.4 billion in size last year, which represents just about 1% of the global market. Why would you launch a product in a small market when bigger markets are yet to be tapped?

Moreover, there are several VC funded mobile payment companies in India such as Freecharge, Mobikwik, Paytm, Oxigen, Citrus Pay and mRupee but none of them have bothered to enter the NFC-based payment servicing segment. If there truly was a massive market for NFC payments in India, wouldn t these companies have already entered the segment in hopes of a potential acquisition by Google? Maybe the Indian market isn t large enough?

Putting it all together

Granted that the Indian smartphone market looks massive when we talk about the number of mobile subscribers and handset offerings. But these factors won t singlehandedly drive the growth of NFC-enabled payments in India. I m of the opinion that launching Android Pay in India at the moment would make a bad business decision due to the aforementioned reasons. There are several untapped developed markets, such as Singapore, Malaysia or Hong Kong, that would be better suited for Android Pay. 5 Takeaways From Alphabet's Q2, Courtesy Of JPMorgan Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL)'s investors are cheering the company's second quarter earnings print following a top and bottom line beat. Aside from the headline numbers, there is much to be admired in the company's earnings print and Doug Anmuth of JPMorgan discussed 5 key takeaways in a research note.

Related Link: Alphabet Shares Still Cheap; Victor Anthony Raises Target To $900

5 Takeaways

1. Alphabet's FXHN (foreign exchange and hedging neutral) revenue growth rose from 23 percent in the prior quarter to 25 percent in the most recent quarter and was the company's strongest growth level in more than four years.

2. Alphabet's non-GAAP operating income came in 7 percent ahead of consensus estimates at $7.5 billion with upside coming from both the Google segment and a smaller-than-expected loss in the "Other Bets" category.

3. The company's management team maintained a cautious tone around the bottom half of the year's comps due to the third mobile ad unit. As such, the analyst expects Alphabet's FXHN revenue growth to slow down to 19 percent in the third quarter and then again to 17.5 percent in the fourth quarter.

4. The analyst's 2016 estimates were revised 1 percentage point higher but 2017's estimates remains flat for revenue and up 3 percent/1 percent for non-GAAP earnings per share.

5. The analyst's bull case on Alphabet remains unchanged as the company will continue to benefit from strong revenue growth, continued cost discipline, an improved capital structure and capital returns to shareholders.

Bottom line, Anmuth stated that Alphabet's stock is still "attractive" at its current valuation of 24x his 2017 estimated GAAP earnings per share and 19x on his 2017 estimated non-GAAP earnings per share.

Shares remain Overweight rated with an unchanged $950 price target.

Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro.

Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card!

Latest Ratings for GOOGL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 BMO Capital Downgrades Outperform Market Perform Mar 2017 Loop Capital Initiates Coverage On Hold Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Overweight View More Analyst Ratings for GOOGL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Analyst Color Earnings Long Ideas Guidance Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-03-30
Alphabet Inc Launches Google Fiber Phone Published By: Angela Campbell on March 30, 2016 08:11 am EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) has launched the Google Fiber Phone service, which lets users make unlimited local and nationwide calls for just $10 a month.

Fiber Phone works with your landline number, if you ve still got one, and applies the same affordable rates for international calls used by Google Voice. Plus, the usual landline services like call waiting, caller ID, and 911 emergency services will all be included in the $10 fee.

The package includes the Fiber Phone box which will allow access of the service on the go on any smartphone or mobile computing device. So your home-phone doesn t stay in your home all the time, and you can access it on other devices via the cloud.

The ability to use the landline number on other mobile devices is particularly the highlight of the announcement, as the high-quality and reliable service of landline will now be available on the road and not be restricted to the confines of your home.

Although the Fiber phone is not going to be available in all Google Fiber internet service areas, but the company hopes to provide it to customers there really soon after the trial run is presumably finished in select regions.

Google Fiber internet and cable television service are already largely popular amongst users, and the landline service with such competitive rates could follow suit. The lack of lines on Google s landline could prove to be a major incentive for Fiber Phone s success, but all that is too early to talk about at this time. Alphabet Inc's (GOOG) Google Photos Will Retain Original Images Regardless of ... Published By: Eunice Gettys on March 30, 2016 11:38 am EST

Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ: GOOG) Google Photos for Android was recently updated, and it does have a lot more to offer than before. However, one tiny feature sets itself apart, as it will retain original photos or images regardless of how many edits a user has made to it.

This is perfect for users who tend to forget to back up an image before editing it. Not only will users have their edited images saved for them, but they will always have the original one as well.

Even though not all users will want their original images stored for them, as it takes up storage space on the cloud, they will be glad to know they can utilize their local smartphone storage instead.

The idea behind this feature is really simple; Google wishes for its users to have their original images handy no matter how many times they edit it. Additionally, it will benefit individuals who want to resize their images to no more than 13 megapixels in order to take advantage of Google s unlimited photos backup.

In other news, Google recently added another handy feature, which creates albums of the best pictures from a recent trip or vacation. Not only will the feature suggest new albums but it will also suggest the best pictures for those users who are uncertain. Additionally, it also adds location pins to pictures so that users know where they were taken in the first place.

Rest assured, the aforementioned features along with others to come will keep things interesting for those who use Google Photos. It seems as though the tech giant is still exploring its options with the app, and it will only be a matter of time that it finds more uses for its platform since it does have a lot of potential. Alphabet Inc (GOOG), Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA), Ford Motor Company (F), Baidu ... Published By: Patrick Arruda on March 30, 2016 10:53 am EST

Alphabet Inc (GOOG), Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA), Ford Motor Company (F), and Baidu Inc (ADR) (BIDU) are just four of the biggest names associated with the drive towards bringing driverless cars to the streets of the US. However, while this is a time for unprecedented hype for driverless technology, the technology is still in its infancy and most of these companies are doing the best to get their products on the street first; which, by their own admission might be decades from now.

A new report from Moody s postulates that driverless cars won t be universally adopted by 2055. The report, released on Tuesday, went on to say that driverless cars could be a mass market option as early as 2030, however with the possibility that driverless technology becomes a standard for all cars by 2035 and available in all vehicles in the next 10 years. In the short term, in the coming decade limited driverless technology will be rolling out in terms of safety features such as automatic emergency braking.

Moody s evaluation is not far off from the more conservative forecasts for the ramp in driverless technology innovation but there is a still a certain amount of uncertainty about the timeline. Ford s head of product development, Raj Nair, for example thinks that cars with the ability to autonomously drive in certain areas will be available by 2020 while the company s CEO Mark Fields expressed his belief that they would be fully autonomous by then.

Tesla CEO Elon Musk, in 2014, believed that autonomous vehicles that required no input from human drivers whatsoever would be ready by 2023 but would take a few years to receive regulatory approval but in 2015 revised his estimate for a 2018 rollout. He now expects approval by 2021. The US Secretary of Transport agreed with this timeline and commented on the possibility of the technology to go global by 2025. Uber, which is now operating in a growing number of markets has expressed expectation of a driverless fleet by 2030.

Just this year, Baidu s Driverless Car Chief Scientist Andrew Ng expressed his belief that driverless cars will be a mass market product by 2021. The IEEE has the most conservative of forecasts and has estimated that by 2040 only 75% of vehicles will have driverless technology. Safe to say the future of driving is still a few decades away. Mid-day Market Movers: Marathon Oil Corporation (MRO), Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Marathon Oil Corporation (NYSE:MRO):

The Company moved 0.29% up right now and is at $10.43. Stock is trading in the real-time trading session with the total volume of 13.06 million shares, as compared to its average volume of 45.37 million shares. The 52-week range of the share price is from $6.52   $31.53. The beta value for this stock stands at 2.08 points, while its earnings per share (EPS) was $-3.26. The company has total market capitalization of $8.78 billion and a total of 821.95 million outstanding shares.

Marathon Oil Corporation (MRO) on February 29, 2016 declared that it has priced an upsized underwritten public offering of 145 million shares of its common stock, at a price to the public of $7.65 per share. In connection with the upsized offering, Marathon Oil has granted the underwriters a thirty day option to purchase up to 21,750,000 additional shares of its common stock.

Marathon Oil intends to use the net proceeds of the projected offering to strengthen its balance sheet and for general corporate purposes, counting funding a portion of its capital program. The offering is predictable to close on March 4, 2016, subject to customary closing conditions.

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC is acting as the book-running manager for the offering.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) :

The Company jumped 1.01% and is at $752.30 in the Real-Time trading session. Trading volume recorded for this company is about 1.07 million shares as compared to its average volume of 1.97 million shares. The share price rushed almost 7.77% in the last one month. The stock is ranging from $748.74 to $757.88. The company has the total of 344.76 million outstanding shares right now, while its market capitalization is about $532.97 billion. The stock has a P/E ratio of 32.96.

Alphabet Inc (GOOG) on March 29, 2016 declared that it has begin offers to exchange any and all validly tendered and accepted notes of the following series issued by Google Inc., its wholly-owned partner, for new notes to be issued by Alphabet. A Registration Statement on Form S-4/A (the  Registration Statement ) regarding the issuance of the Alphabet Notes was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the  SEC ) on March 29, 2016 but has not yet been declared effective.

In connection with the exchange offers, Google is also soliciting consents from holders of the Google Notes to amend the indenture governing the Google Notes and the Google Notes to eliminate substantially all of the restrictive covenants in the Google Indenture, counting the merger covenant and the reporting covenant, and make certain conforming changes to the Google Indenture to reflect the Projected Amendments. If the Projected Amendments are adopted, the Google Notes will be governed by the Google Indenture, as amended by the Projected Amendments, which will have less restrictive terms and afford reduced protections to the holders of those securities contrast to those terms and protections presently in the Google Indenture or applicable to the Alphabet Notes. In order for the Projected Amendments to the Google Indenture to be adopted with respect to a series of Google Notes, holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Google Notes of such series must consent to them, and those consents must be received and not withdrawn before the Expiration Date for the exchange offer regarding such series. 
2016-01-07
Alphabet Scoops Up Circus Ponies Only To Close Down Business  Google Plans to Hire Over 50 to Beef Up China Workforce Alphabet Inc. s Google is seeking to hire more than 50 people in China for roles ranging from software engineers to creative consultants, ramping up its presence in the world s largest mobile market after scaling back more than five years ago.

Advertisements have been placed on recruitment website LinkedIn since Dec. 7 for jobs in Shanghai and Beijing, including roles in its Google Play online store and mobile business. The hiring effort comes amid reports Google may be edging back into the world s most populous country, after cutting operations in 2010 over censorship concerns.

Among the 54 LinkedIn listings, all posted within the past few weeks, were ads for lead software engineers and product managers, internships, and technical specialists. Google already employs more than 500 people in the country to serve global marketers and work on various products, said Robin Moroney, a spokesman for Google in Singapore.

 We re always on the lookout for great new employees to join the hundreds of Googlers already working in China and the number of today s postings are about average for the past few years,  Moroney said in an e-mailed statement.

Chinese Ambitions

Google executives have remained largely silent on specific plans for Chinese expansion. In October, the U.S. company said it was making its first direct investment in the country since 2010, in an artificial-intelligence developer called Mobvoi Inc. Google is now considering opening an app store for Chinese users, The Information blog has reported.

In 2010, Google said it wouldn t self-censor content for Chinese services, then shut its local search page and directed users to its Hong Kong website. U.S.-based Internet firms, including LinkedIn Corp., operating in China are required to censor local content.

While Google no longer offers search, an area dominated by local rival Baidu Inc., it still runs a substantial mobile and advertising business within the country. China s government blocks Google s Gmail, search services and YouTube, yet the company s Android software runs most of the country s biggest-selling smartphones. 
2016-07-17
GOOG Stock: This Could Be Bad News for Alphabet Inc (and Google Stock) By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : July 17, 2016

A Problem for Google Stock?

Regulators in the European Union delivered another set of antitrust charges at Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOG) doorstep, but Google stock wasn t really affected. Clearly, the market doesn t seem to think that regulators have much to stand on.

Back up: what exactly are EU regulators upset about?

Well, the European Commission is concerned that Google has a de facto monopoly on search engine traffic. It has leveled three separate claims against the company, including that it favors Google products in search results. (Source:  EU Antitrust Regulators Just Charged Google for the Third Time,  Fortune, July 14, 2016.)

No one can really predict what the outcome will be, but I think people often forget that Google s search is still part of a commercial operation it exists to make money. Just because the company has wiped out the competition doesn t mean it has broken any laws.

If You Own Google Stock, Know This

In fact, the billionaire investor Peter Thiel once said that Google s position is the desired end game of every business. It is  so good at what it does that no other firm can offer a close substitute,  he said. That s why Google controls more than 90% of Europe s search traffic. (Source:  Peter Thiel: Google Has Insane Perks,  Business Insider, September 16, 2014.)

On the surface, this may seem like a bad thing. Aren t economists always talking about  perfect competition?  Isn t that supposed to be the best thing?

Not for shareholders, says Thiel. For shareholders, perfect competition means that a company has umpteen rivals to fight at the same time. The company is then under threat from all sides. If it tries to increase profits for even a second, a competitor could poach its market share.

 In perfect competition, a business is so focused on today s margins that it can t possibly plan for a long-term future,  says Thiel.  Only one thing can allow a business to transcend the daily brute struggle for survival: monopoly profits.  (Source: Ibid.)

He has a point. Google controls more than two-thirds of all search traffic, which is great news for Google stock. The share price is directly tied to advertising revenue and that s driven by the number of eyeballs Google can deliver through searches.

(China is the only market in which the company lacks influence, but that s a story for another time )

The important thing is that Google won its enormous market power by providing a better service. No one I know wants to use Bing. Seriously, no one at all.

Unless the EU can magically convince the majority of Internet users to stop using Google search, I really don t see these charges weighing on Google stock. What s far more significant is if the company increases its presence in the cloud computing game.

Instead of just focusing on individual users, Google is looking to challenge Amazon.com, Inc. and Microsoft Corporation for corporate cloud computing clients. This is a highly lucrative industry with plenty of undiscovered profits, so I m optimistic about its impact on Google stock.

According to a highly placed Google executive, the company is actually scoring some big wins in the bidding process. Considering that only five percent to 10% of companies have their workloads on the  cloud,  there s still an estimated $1.2 trillion up for grabs. (Source:  It s Google s Time to Shine in Big Business,  Fortune, July 11, 2016.)

The Bottom Line on Google Stock

Google is among the leaders in this market, which means its next generation of growth will likely come from cloud computing rather than search. It is an important step in diversification for the company. Perhaps it will also get regulators off Google s back.

To sum up the case for remaining bullish on Google: 
2016-11-24
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO Lawrence Page Sold $ 5.9 million of Shares CEO of Alphabet Inc ( GOOG ) Lawrence Page sold '',''- shares of GOOG on --/--/- -6 at an average price of $775.8' a share. The total sale was $-5.9 million.

Alphabet Inc through its subsidiary Google Inc is engaged in improving the ways people connect with information & products including Search, Android, YouTube, Apps, Maps & Ads. It also produces internet-connected home devices & provides internet services. Alphabet Inc has a market cap of $5-9.5- billion; its shares were traded at around $768.-7 with a P/E ratio of -8.65 and P/S ratio of 6.48. Alphabet Inc had an annual average EBITDA growth of --.  % over the past -  years. GuruFocus rated Alphabet Inc the business predictability rank of '.5-star

CEO Recent Trades:

CEO, - % Owner Lawrence Page sold '',''- shares of GOOG stock on --/--/- -6 at the average price of $775.8'. The price of the stock has decreased by  .97% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,    shares of GOOG stock on --/-6/- -6 at the average price of $756.6'. The price of the stock has increased by -.54% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,    shares of GOOG stock on --/ -/- -6 at the average price of $78 .'8. The price of the stock has decreased by -.55% since.

CEO, - % Owner Lawrence Page sold -6,67  shares of GOOG stock on - /-8/- -6 at the average price of $8 '.8. The price of the stock has decreased by 4.4-% since.

CEO, - % Owner Lawrence Page sold -6,67  shares of GOOG stock on - /-8/- -6 at the average price of $8-7.79. The price of the stock has decreased by 7.-9% since.

Directors and Officers Recent Trades:

Director L John Doerr sold -4,8-8 shares of GOOG stock on --/-5/- -6 at the average price of $758.66. The price of the stock has increased by -.-7% since.

SVP, Corporate Development David C Drummond sold -,    shares of GOOG stock on --/-4/- -6 at the average price of $76'.68. The price of the stock has increased by  .6% since.

President, - % Owner Sergey Brin sold '','4  shares of GOOG stock on --/ 4/- -6 at the average price of $77'.9'. The price of the stock has decreased by  .7'% since.

President, - % Owner Sergey Brin sold '',''- shares of GOOG stock on --/ '/- -6 at the average price of $77'.-4. The price of the stock has decreased by  .64% since.

VP, Alphabet Corp. Controller James Grier Campbell sold -94 shares of GOOG stock on --/ -/- -6 at the average price of $778.-. The price of the stock has decreased by -.-8% since.

For the complete insider trading history of GOOG, click here .About GuruFocus: GuruFocus.com tracks the stocks picks and portfolio holdings of the world's best investors. This value investing site offers stock screeners and valuation tools. And publishes daily articles tracking the latest moves of the world's best investors. GuruFocus also provides promising stock ideas in 3 monthly newsletters sent to Premium Members

This article first appeared on GuruFocus . Google Stock: This Is Huge for Fans of Alphabet Inc By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : November 24, 2016

New Upside for Google Stock

With so much attention being paid to the recent U.S. presidential election, it can be easy to forget that day-to-day business never slowed down.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), otherwise known as Google, certainly did not grind to a halt. It kept innovating (as it always has) and making inroads into new industries. I wrote months ago that these investments could pay off big-time for Google stock (GOOG), and now those calls are looking prophetic.

To be specific, I was excited about Google entering the healthcare industry. Anything to do with medicine is big business. So, when Google signed a deal with the National Health Service (NHS) in the U.K. to bring new apps to British hospitals and clinics, I was pretty excited.

This may seem strange right now, because Google is so well-known for its Internet services, but the company is reaching a tipping point with apps that can help doctors treat their patients.

Because these products are sold directly to healthcare organisations, my guess is that they ll form a gigantic new revenue base for Google. Enterprise clients are generally more dependable than end consumers who change their minds every two seconds.

Anyone looking at Google stock should consider this future. When trying to price the company, think of what it could be five years from now. Imagine if tens of thousands of medical professionals were willing to pay Google for help with diagnostics and treatment. The upside could be huge.

But let s backtrack for a second. How exactly can Google help doctors? Believe it or not, the answer lies in an acquisition that Google made in 2014.

DeepMind Is a Big Deal for Google Stock

Almost three years ago now, Google bought a British company called DeepMind Technologies Limited. For some reason, Google thought this little London-based startup was worth  400.0 million, which translated to more than $500.0 million at the time. (Source:  DeepMind has signed a major new deal with the NHS despite concerns about patient privacy,  Business Insider, November 22, 2016.)

Understandably, most analysts did a double-take when they saw the price tag.

Sponsored Advertising Content: This Device Will Be Bigger than the  iPhone 

DeepMind was a company that designed artificial intelligence (AI) software, something which analysts consigned to the realm of science fiction. It wasn t supposed to be a realistic investment, much less one that was worth half a billion dollars.

But clearly, Google disagreed that AI is a pipe dream. The company understands that it is not something out of the Terminator movies, but just a term that applies to advanced software.

This software can scan images and understand what is in them. It can identify chairs, tables, people, etc. By flipping through tons of chess games, it can learn how to play better than a human. It is capable of learning, and that s what makes it special.

Google saw the potential of this software years ago. The company understood that DeepMind s algorithms could be applied to almost any field, starting with healthcare. For instance, by letting the software scan the data of patients with acute kidney injury, it learns what the warning signs are.

These warning signs are too subtle or random for human eyes, but the AI can detect patterns we cannot. According to DeepMind co-founder Mustafa Suleyman, the software could help save up to 1,000 lives a month of those who are affected with acute kidney injury (AKI).

 This is about bringing information to doctors and nurses, much in the way we get news alerts on our phones,  said the Royal Free Trust s medical director Stephen Powis.  We know that a quarter of deaths from AKI are preventable if clinicians are able to intervene earlier and more effectively. 

So let s add this up: using DeepMind s software helps patients and doctors. They re both on board because it would improve patient outcomes.

Some people are a little concerned about data privacy, but since DeepMind separates the file names from the data, that isn t a problem. Some folks would complain under any circumstances. They are the Luddites, the village people, the ones holding back progress. By contrast, Google s software team is helping save lives.

What s even better, at least from the perspective of Google stock investors, is that healthcare organisations will pay big money for these insights. So, by any standard, the upside potential for Google stock has dramatically increased because of this breakthrough. 
2016-03-28
Analysts Recommend These 2 Internet Giants: Facebook Inc (FB) and Alphabet Inc ... Analysts are positive on social media giant Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Google s parent company Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), as Facebook s Oculus Rift began delivering Oculus Rift virtual reality headsets today, and Google s much-awaited conference, GCP Next, ended on 24th March in San Francisco.

Facebook Inc

In a research report issued today, Piper Jaffray s top analyst Gene Munster reiterated an Overweight rating on shares of Facebook, with a price target of $170, following the news that Facebook s virtual reality division Oculus has begun to ship the Oculus Rift virtual reality headsets in more than 20 countries.

Munster commented,  We continue to see 2016 as a warm up year for VR and believe that the most important thing for 2016 is the development of compelling VR content. While immaterial to our model, we expect about ~500k Oculus Rift units in 2016, which would represent about 1% of our overall Facebook revenue in 2016. More notably, we believe the availability of Oculus Rift should mark an inflection in investor optimism on the VR theme with real consumer products now in the market. We expect minimal financial impact from Oculus over the next couple of years (see page 2), but believe Facebook s role in VR should be a positive to FB s multiple over the next year. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Gene Munster has a yearly average return of 18% and a 62% success rate. Munster has a 41% average return when recommending FB, and is ranked #4 out of 3742 analysts.

Out of the 47 analysts polled by TipRanks, 42 are bullish on Facebook stock a Buy, 4 are neutral, and 1 is bearish. With a return potential of 14%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $129.76.

Alphabet Inc

UBS analyst Eric Sheridan reiterated a Buy rating on shares of Alphabet, with a price target of $875, following the Google Cloud Products (GCP) Next 2016 conference in San Francisco, where some interesting features and plans for cloud were revealed.

Sheridan wrote,  At GCP NEXT, Google provided a fresh glimpse into its cloud computing ambitions, affirming our view that Google will emerge among the top players in this space over time. In particular, Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt laid out a broad vision for the future of application development   from  writing  programs to  teaching  programs   which we expect will be the guiding principle behind the long-term evolution of the platform. 

 Shorter term, we note the following overarching themes: 1) better understanding customer needs: while Google has long used PaaS/NoOps infrastructure itself, customers have not   Google demonstrated an interest in meeting customers  where they are , addressing a longstanding criticism around its strategy; 2) machine learning: Google will make machine learning a focal point of GCP   a differentiating feature set in our view; 3) go-to-market: while GCP s price, performance, security & innovation are all strong selling points, Google is investing in its partner ecosystem & hybrid/multi-cloud tools to drive adoption   this should help close the gap vs. peers,  the analyst said.

Out of the 46 analysts polled by TipRanks, 43 rate Alphabet stock a Buy, while 3 rate the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 20%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $906.17. Is Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Merging Goggles with Android Camera Apps? It has emerged that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is working on a project that could see the little-known Goggles app combined with the more widely-used Android camera app. It is not clear why the company would want to merge the two apps, but it is possible the merged app could find application in Google s rumored virtual reality headset. The integrated photo app could also find a role to play in the future Google Glass.

Click Here For More Market Exclusive Updates & Analysis

The Goggles app enables users to identify information seen through the lenses of their smartphone camera. The app can be used to get details about text or objects in the real world. Goggles also helps with analysis of digital objects. For example, you can search Google for similar images to what you can have captured through your phone s camera. It is also a great tool for those who might want to check the integrity of a text.

What s new?

The integrated app is said to simplify usage of the app. For example, if you only need to analyze a portion of a large object, the Goggles app enables you to draw with your finger to highlight the part of the image you want to analyze. That is simpler than having to crop all the four corners of an object.

Although the Goggles app has long been available on the Google Play Store, it is not widely used as other camera/photo apps and that could be because many people don t know about its existence or they feel using it is a bit complicated.

What s the place for an integrated app?

An integrated app that combines the Android camera app and the Goggles app could be added to the next generation of Google Glass. Alphabet is struggling to make the Glass a mass market product and a photo analytics app could boost its mass market appeal.

The other area where Alphabet could use the integrated app is in the virtual reality (VR) and augmented reality (AR) headsets it is said to be developing. There are speculations Alphabet could launch its own version of Oculus Rift later this year.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-02-08
Google CEO Sundar Pichai receives $199 million stock from Alphabet Inc  Alphabet/Google: How Is YouTube Red Doing? In 2016, the technological trends I am most bullish on are live streaming (Periscope), cryptocurrencies (Bitcoin), and paid video content (YouTube Red). I have been writing about paid video content on YouTube (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) since before YouTube Red was launched. This is because the opportunity is vast as most young people are shirking the TV for content online. This content is difficult to replicate off of YouTube, because the type of engaging videos have become their own genre. In a past article, I discussed how Grace Helbig's show on YouTube was getting more views than her TV show. It's awkward to replicate YouTube videos by putting them on TV.

go90

Putting content on other mobile apps is also awkward. I have never been a fan of the Verizon (NYSE:VZ) go90 app because I don't see any benefit in having a separate app for video content where YouTubers make video series that are often of lower quality than what is on their channel. The quality term is subjective, but as a big fan of YouTubers, I can say their best work is on their channel not on some other app. This is sensible because this is the reason why they are successful in the first place. The download rankings underscore my point as go90 struggles to reach the top 500 in the iOS App Store. Verizon threw a lot of money at these creators to get the app going. Unless it starts to receive more downloads, the spending on the app will become unsustainable.

Vessel

The main reason why I have highlighted Vessel in the past is because it was ahead on the innovation curve. It allows YouTubers to post their content on the site early. Because it makes money on subscriptions, it is able to pay creators more money than they make in YouTube's ad-based model. We may start to see a decline in Vessel's popularity because of the launch of YouTube Red. Vessel was able to out-innovate Alphabet for a short time, which allowed it to do well. Vessel gave us a preview of what YouTube could become.

YouTubers Will Make More Money

The amount of money spent on linear TV content is going to decline rapidly and the money spent on online content such as YouTube is going to increase. YouTubers are hardly oppressed as popular channels are able to earn creators a decent living while allowing them to do what they love. The amount of money these creators make is increasing, so it was smart of Alphabet to try to partner with these creators with YouTube Red. Although the chart below is from a 2014 article, I think it illustrates an important point. If tens of millions of viewers are watching PewDiePie's content, why is he getting so much lower than advertising on TV shows such as the Super Bowl? If you aren't in your 20s, you may gasp at the idea of PewDiePie being compared to the Super Bowl, but the reality is young people anticipate Felix's content the way others anticipate the Super Bowl.

Alphabet didn't give any specifics about how YouTube Red is doing because its launch hasn't reached full steam. The first original content is set to premier on February 10th, so previous YouTube Red subscribers were only getting music and an ad-free YouTube. Personally, I'm confused why Alphabet decided to give its month free trials out last fall. The most interesting part of the deal is the original content. Either way, the subscriptions should spike this week. Usually movies that individual YouTubers are in do well. The fact that the subscription covers several different YouTubers' movies and series and is being promoted by YouTube itself gives it a big boost of momentum.

Let's Look At My Channel To Read The Tea Leaves

I decided to post my own channel's analytics to give readers some insight into how YouTube Red is doing. It's not a perfect sample size because 92% of my viewers are male and most are in America, but I still think it's valuable data to consider.

I started the chart on the day I received my first view from YouTube Red which ended up being October 31st. As you can see from the chart, the amount of views and watch time from YouTube Red is a very small part of the total. The amount of watch time on YouTube Red is 1.01% of the total watch time. The number of views from YouTube Red subscribers is 1.15% of the total views.

It's important to understand that you can't just multiply the 1% number by the 1 billion users on YouTube to get a rough estimate about the number of YouTube Red subscribers. There are not 10 million YouTube Red subscribers because YouTube Red subscribers most definitely spend more time on YouTube than the average viewer. I'd be willing to bet there are over one million subscribers to YouTube Red, but this is only a rough guess.

As I mentioned, there was a free-trial which launched on October 28. The chart below of my watch time would seem to indicate there hasn't been a drop-off after the initial free-trial period ended, but the chart has noise because my channel got more popular over time.

The point of YouTube Red is to earn content creators and Alphabet more money. It also diversifies YouTube's business model, so it isn't solely dependent on ads. Below I have the chart of the monetization on my channel from when I started monetizing on December 22. The monetization rate of YouTube Red is 0.75% of the total. It's difficult to determine why YouTube Red is making me less money than advertisements. My impression based CPM was $12.05 which is actually lower than the $14.72 average. I would expect a high CPM to cause YouTube Red videos to make me less money than videos with ads, but this isn't happening. I'm still going to assume YouTube Red will earn creators and Alphabet more money than ads. If any reader has a YouTube channel, I would be curious to hear what the results are for your channel.

Conclusion

YouTube is uniquely positioned to take advantage of the increase in money spent on online content over the next few years. Alphabet's relationships with its creators and the ubiquity of the platform give it a competitive advantage over other platforms. Ads will always play a part in monetization of content. AdSense is another competitive advantage for YouTube. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) has nowhere near this level of sophistication in its video ads as of today. However, Facebook knows more about viewers than YouTube does, so it may be able to beat out Alphabet in several years.

Another point to consider is the fact that Facebook is a social network that needs to keep its users on its platform, while YouTube is closer to a television network of the 1980s. Facebook has a higher probability of losing popularity than YouTube does. Looking at the competitive landscape, Facebook currently has to compete with Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) and Snapchat (CHAT) for millennial's attention while YouTube doesn't have much competition in its category. This conversation proves this lack of competition as Facebook, which only expanded video in 2015, is widely considered to be YouTube's biggest threat. The reality is YouTube doesn't have much competition, which bodes well for the long-term strength of the business.

YouTube Red will start to grow subscribers when the original content is released this week. Currently, it probably has between one million and 10 million subscribers if we use my channel as a guide. The monetization rate on my channel is less from YouTube Red than ads, but this may be a quirk in the numbers in my channel instead of an actual trend to cite.

Stock Advice

Earlier last week, I was short every part of the FANG except Alphabet. I am shorting high beta cyclical stocks because of the impending recession I foresee. While I would never short Alphabet because I love the business model, it isn't in the category of stocks I would recommend. The reality is you shouldn't own any stocks in this environment. If you have to own stocks I would recommend Colgate (NYSE:CL), Reynolds (NYSE:RAI), Altria (NYSE:MO), General Mills (NYSE:GIS), McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) and utilities over a stock like Alphabet.

Disclosure: I am/we are short FB.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube To Live Stream AlphaGo VS Champion Lee ... The much-anticipated game between AlphaGo and World Champion, Lee Sedol, will be livestreamed by Youtube. This match which has been scheduled for March 9- 15 will be live-streamed on the Official Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) DeepMind Youtube channel. The competition is expected to be watched by millions since there is a huge uncertainty about who will win the game. Google s AlphaGo AI came into the limelight when it managed to beat Fan Hui five times in a row last year. Fan Hui was a three-time European champion and was ranked as a  2 dan  player.

This time, round AlphaGo will be facing a tougher challenge, Lee Sedol. He is currently the best player in Go in the world and has won the second highest number of international titles. He is also the youngest Go player to reach professional rank of9-dan at the age of 21. When he was questioned about what he expect he noted that this was the first time a computer has challengeda top human in an evengame, but he is confident he can win the game at least for this time.

By the statement at least for this time, Lee was acknowledging the rapid speed with which AlphaGo was progressing. Experts had initially claimed that it would take another ten years for computers to beat master Go player but this was not the case with AlphaGo and Hui.

AI programs were only capable ofbeating averylow-levelplayer, but AlphaGo had managed to beat a pro-Go player. AlphaGo does not use a similar strategy to that of chess computer; calculating ahead, rather it uses strategies used by Go masters. It had reinforced this by playing numerous games.

Demis Hassabis, founder and CEO of DeepMind announced the event. DeepMind was acquired by Google in 2014 for around $400 million. It has helped in the development of AlphaGo AI. It uses neural networks which are a system that input through layers of virtual neurons.

The event will be heldI South Korea, Sedol home, and the winner will bag a cool $1 million. 
2016-08-22
3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Alphabet Inc (GOOG), Syngenta AG (ADR) (SYT) and ... The stock markets appear to be in waiting mode as investors wait for the Federal Reserve s speech in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, this week. What everyone wants to know: Is the U.S. ready for a hike in interest rates?

This morning, though, a few companies peppering us with headlines while we re in limbo. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) is bolstering its Chromebooks, Syngenta AG (ADR) (NYSE: SYT ) is closer to changing hands, and Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (NYSE: VRX ) has some new blood in the C-suite.

Here s what you need to know:

Syngenta AG (SYT)

SYT shares are roaring about 12% higher on Monday morning as a U.S. regulator gave China National Chemical Corp the green light to buy out the seed company.

ChemChina bid $43 billion for Syngenta back in February of this year. That offer represented the largest foreign buyout by a Chinese company, were it approved. The goal is obvious: Feed a monster population with very little viable farmland.

 Only around 10 percent of Chinese farmland is efficient,  a source told Reuters back in February.  This is more than just a company buying another. This is a government attempting to address a real problem. 

ChemChina still has to get through European Union regulatory hurdles for the deal to close. However, U.S. approval does make it appear likelier that the EU will give the buyout the nod.

Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX)

VRX stock is up about 3% in premarket trade as Valeant has tapped Zoetis Inc (NYSE: ZTS ) to shore up its executive ranks.

Valeant has hired Zoetis exec Paul Herendeen to fill the role of chief financial officer. The hiring is part of VRX s efforts to win back Wall Street after a series of stumbles. VRX shares have been decimated over the past year-plus amid controversy over the company s spikes in drug prices, accounting issues, delayed reports and mounting debt.

Herendeen will take over Robert Rosiello, who joins the company s public relations head and general counsel in being replaced.

Alphabet Inc (GOOG,GOOGL)

Alphabet has just announced changes to its Google Chromebooks that will make the device more multi-purpose.

The devices will now have the capability of running some software it previously couldn t run, including Microsoft Word and Skype. The tech giant also is adding the Google Play Store to its fold, as well as more than 2.2 million Android apps.

The Google Play Store will be available on four models of the Chromebook   the Asus Flip C100, Acer Chromebook R11, Acer Chromebook C738T and Google Chromebook Pixel.

GOOG shares are finally in the black by 2% for the year-to-date amid a fairly roller-coaster year for the tech blue-chip.

As of this writing, Karl Utermohlen did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace: Lyft Fails to Sell Itself to General Motors Company, Apple Inc. & Alphabet Inc Published By: Ken Bock on August 22, 2016 11:18 am EST

Recently, Lyft realized the challenges associated with being an independent ride-hailing company. It understood that the company needs huge amounts of finances to spread its network nationally, along with marketing it effectively. It received opposition from local laws and legislators, due to which the transportation network is struggling, despite being the second biggest in the US in terms of ride-hailing.

Soon, the car service company realized that it had very limited options and selling out was one of them. However, it is important to notice that the company is not in danger of being closed down, and would work as a separate entity if it failed in adhering to other options. It is said to rely on $1.4 billion that it has saved as its cash cushion.

It is reported that the California-based company was in talks with several major businesses. These included General Motors Company (NYSE:GM), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Didi Chuxing and Uber. However, due to the discussions being kept private, the companies failed to comment on the topic.

Amongst these companies, Lyft had the most serious discussion with General Motors, mainly because the automobile maker is one of the largest investors of the company. However, it did not make a move of offering to buy the company, leaving the ride hailing company failing in its efforts to find a potential buyer.

The talks underlined the key issue in the industry. The industry is highly capital intensive as it depends on the drivers who have their own vehicles, putting their money on risk. The consumers can book rides with these drivers through online apps. The industry is facing increasing challenges due to which other players, such as Uber, are finding ways to cover their expensive operations.

While doing so, Uber recently agreed to sell its Chinese operations to Didi Chuxing, to opt out of the battle of taking over the Chinese market. This came in as a smart move, despite have earned more than Lyft in this season. This, however, affected Lyft s global alliance with Didi.

Lyft started out on the idea of a car pooling program. The company soon grew with the aim to reduce number of cars on the road, thus, decreasing congestion. This small idea turned into a global prospect. Therefore, to uphold the growing idea, bankers at Qatalyst Partners decided to help Lyft. However, the Silicon Valley bank refused to comment on the topic when questioned about it.

Despite being successful, the company failed to find a buyer. The major reason for this is the cost associated with the purchase. The private enterprise is valued at $5.5 billion, making it a premium company at Silicon Valley. This means that any sale that would take place would have to be priced higher in order to be considered desirable for it.

Apart from the costs, it also failed due to challenging economic environment. The ride hailing company usually takes 20-25% of the ride costs. Thus, if drivers make $2 billion in annual fares, the company only makes $400 million. These earnings further shrink when marketing costs are included. In some situations, the company refuses to even take that 20-25% and provides them with further cash incentives to earn loyalty of the drivers. Tracking Robert Karr's Joho Capital Portfolio - Q2 2016 Update The top three positions are GrubHub Inc., Alibaba Group Holding, and Cognex Corporation. They add up to ~72% of the portfolio.

The large stakes in Alibaba and Caesarstone Sdot-Yam were further increased while dropping Alphabet Inc. and TAL Education Group.

This article is part of a series that provides an ongoing analysis of the changes made to Robert Karr's US stock portfolio on a quarterly basis. It is based on Karr's regulatory 13F Form filed on 08/15/2016. Please visit our Tracking Robert Karr's Joho Capital Portfolio article for an idea on his investment philosophy and our last update for the fund's moves during Q1 2016.

This quarter, Karr's US long portfolio decreased 7.75% from $398M to $367M. The number of holdings decreased from 11 to 10: Alphabet Inc. and TAL Education Group were dropped while adding a very small position in China Online Education Group. The top three holdings represent ~72% of the US long assets: GrubHub Inc., Alibaba Group Holding, and Cognex Corporation.

Karr is one of the most successful among the "tiger cubs" (prot g s of Julian Robertson & his legendary Tiger Fund). Although Karr's main expertise is in Asian equities, ~30% of the assets are typically in US listed 13F securities. To know more about Robert Karr and "tiger cubs", check out the book Julian Robertson: A Tiger in the Land of Bulls and Bears.

Stake Disposals:

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) previously Google: GOOG was the largest stake at 23.96% of the 13F portfolio in Q4 2014. It was a very long-term position with the bulk purchased in 2007 in the high-200s price-range. Q1 & Q2 2015 saw a ~75% combined reduction at prices between $496 and $568. Q4 2015 saw another one-third reduction at prices between $678 and $765. The remaining 6.82% portfolio stake was disposed of this quarter at prices between $668 and $767. The stock currently trades at $772. Karr harvested huge long-term gains.

TAL Education Group (XRS): XRS was a 5.27% of the portfolio position. The original stake was from 2010 with the majority of the shares purchased in 2011 at prices between $9 and $16. Q3 2015 saw a ~19% reduction at prices between $29 and $36 and there was another ~54% reduction the following quarter at prices between $31.40 and $48.49. Last quarter saw another ~52% selling at prices between $41.82 and $53.62. The disposal this quarter was at prices between $49 and $62. The stock currently trades at $63.68. Joho Capital harvested huge long-term gains.

New Stakes:

China Online Education Group (NYSE:COE): COE is a very small 1.42% portfolio stake established this quarter. The stock currently trades at $22. The firm had an IPO on June 10th priced at $19 per share.

Stake Decreases:

GrubHub Inc. (NYSE:GRUB): GRUB is Joho Capital's largest position at 29.06% of the US long portfolio. It was established in Q2 2015 at prices between $33.31 and $47.18 and increased by almost two-thirds the following quarter at prices between $24 and $37. Last quarter saw another ~28% increase at prices between $18.34 and $25.28. There was a ~10% trimming this quarter at prices between $22.33 and $31.07. The stock currently trades at $38.03.

Hexcel Corporation (NYSE:HXL): HXL is now a medium-sized 4.38% of the US long portfolio stake. The original position was from Q4 2012 when around 1.3M shares were purchased at prices between $24 and $28. The stake saw a 60% reduction in Q1 2014 at prices between $41.68 and $45.49. Q3 2014 saw an about turn: ~13% increase at prices between $37 and $42 and the following quarter saw another ~37% increase at prices between $36.92 and $43.84. Q3 2015 saw a ~47% further increase at prices between $44 and $55. The pattern reversed again last quarter as there was a ~13% trimming. That was followed by another two-thirds reduction this quarter at prices between $39.15 and $46.26. The stock currently trades at $44.74.

Multi-Color Corporation (NASDAQ:LABL): LABL is a large 8.44% position purchased in Q4 2015 at prices between $58.59 and $79.38 and almost doubled last quarter at prices between $41.14 and $63.03. There was a ~23% selling this quarter at prices between $50.38 and $64.05. The stock is now at ~$65.

Stake Increases:

Alibaba Group ADR (NYSE:BABA): BABA is a large (top-three) 24.60% stake established in Q2 2015 at prices between $79.54 and $93.88 and almost doubled the following quarter at prices between $57.39 and $84.15. Last quarter saw another ~48% increase at prices between $60.57 and $81.27. The stock currently trades above those ranges at $96.89. This quarter also saw a ~14% further increase.

Caesarstone Sdot-Yam (NASDAQ:CSTE): CSTE is a large 11.49% of the 13F portfolio stake established last quarter at prices between $29.23 and $43.34. It was increased by ~72% this quarter at prices between $32.50 and $40.33. The stock currently trades at $37.41.

Kept Steady:

Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN): AMZN is a minutely small 0.78% position established in Q2 2015 at prices between $370 and $446 and reduced by ~28% the following quarter at prices between $430 and $548. The stock is now at $757.

Baidu Inc. (NASDAQ:BIDU): BIDU is a very small 0.93% of the portfolio stake. It was established in Q4 2015 at prices between $137 and $218 and increased by around two-thirds last quarter at prices between $141 and $191. It is currently at $178.

Note: Baidu has seen a previous roundtrip in the portfolio. It was Joho Capital's third-largest position at 16.23% of the US long portfolio as of Q1 2015. This was even after a ~85% reduction over the previous two years at prices between $190 and $250. It was almost eliminated in Q2 2015 at prices between $189 and $221. The remaining minutely small stake was sold in Q3 2015. The original position was from Q1 2013 & Q2 2013 at an overall cost-basis of ~$100 per share. Joho Capital harvested huge gains.

Cognex Corporation (NASDAQ:CGNX): The top-three 18.08% CGNX stake was first purchased in Q3 2015 at prices between $33.41 and $48.10. It was increased by ~340% the following quarter at prices between $33.74 and $38. The stock is currently at $50.

Etsy Inc. (NASDAQ:ETSY): ETSY is a very small 0.82% of the US long portfolio position purchased last quarter at prices between $6.36 and $9.27. The stock is now at $14.07.

The spreadsheet below highlights changes to Karr's US stock holdings in Q2 2016:

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Tracking Ole Andreas Halvorsen's Viking Global Portfolio - Q2 2016 Update  Alphabet - Google CEO Sundar Pichai reports open market sale of Co's class A common stock and class C capital stock  
2016-05-27
Why Is Google Getting Into The City-Making Business? Building a city from nothing could help rethink government, social policy and data-driven management, as well as test solutions to cybersecurity and privacy concerns.

Alphabet's new "urban innovation" subsidiary Sidewalk Labs is charged with bringing the utopian concept to life.

Alphabet has futuristic plans to plant infrastructure for driverless cars, data sensors, connected vehicles, and public WiFi and watch cities grow.

By Tierney Plumb

With its foot in just about every facet of modern-day civilization, it's no surprise that Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) wants to get into the city-making business too.

Google's parent Alphabet has futuristic plans to plant infrastructure for driverless cars, data sensors, connected vehicles, and public WiFi and watch cities grow.

Alphabet's new "urban innovation" subsidiary Sidewalk Labs is charged with bringing the utopian concept to life. In true Google fashion, timelines, locales and details are mum, but there's plenty of speculation on what a City of Oz birthed by the search giant could look like.

The Man Behind the Curtain

Google s man behind the curtain is Sidewalk CEO Dan Doctoroff, a former CEO of Bloomberg LP and a former deputy mayor of New York City.

There's no doubt Doctoroff is a visionary, much like how Walt Disney conceived EPCOT as a Petri dish for high-tech living in the mid-1960s. During his New York stint, Doctoroff rezoned Manhattan's far West Side and helped transform Brooklyn into a new housing hub.

Also on Sidewalk Labs' star-studded dream team: Craig Nevill-Manning, the founder and former director of Google's New York City-based engineering team, was tapped as CTO to build prototypes and new products for cities.

At the moment, Sidewalk's big task is its $40-million "Smart Cities" competition with the Department of Transportation to speed up the adoption of driverless cars.

A Peek Into an Emerald City

In each smart city, Sidewalk will propose new districts of housing, office and retail doused with heavy technology, like self-driving cars, personalized billboards, renewable energy sources and hyperconnected educational and health systems. TechInsider asked Brooks Rainwater, the director of the City Solutions and Applied Research Center at the National League of Cities, to sketch a potential smart city blueprint.

According to Rainwater, speed limits, sidewalks and traffic lights could be obsolete because computer-enabled cars and bikes could talk to one another and avoid collisions and pedestrians. That means Dorothy could pedal, Toto in tow, with no fear of swerving on the yellow brick road.

Here's where a Google smart city could blow away current commercial real estate: Each building could incorporate facial and object recognition technology for tenants, he says. That means each building would be a stationary security guard that checks your ID.

As a huge investor in companies that produce technology for wind and solar power, naturally Google will likely make these cities rely 100% on renewable energy.

Where a Smart City Could Land



Google is likely to pick rural areas where infrastructure isn't yet up to speed, aka somewhere in the Midwest, though Google has reportedly been eyeing Detroit and Denver. Land ripe for redevelopment would be an ideal canvas.

Google already has a pseudo-prototype brewing at a 1,000-acre site near its Mountain View headquarters. That's where the tech tycoon is transforming three aging airship hangars into labs for developing robots, drones, and other edgy technology.



"It would be the perfect test area for their smart city," says David Buchholz, Senior Vice President of Colliers International in Silicon Valley.

What the Critics Say

Such an endeavor would cost an estimated tens of billions of dollars, and it's unclear what third-party investors would foot the bill. In addition, some say a city built from scratch, like Canberra, Australia, can feel inorganic and sterile.

Sidewalk's leader could be lacking the legislative power needed to get these cities built. During Doctoroff's stint in New York, grand plans of his (a stadium for NYC's 2012 bid for the Olympics and a congestion-pricing fee on drivers) never saw the light, as they were both axed by state legislature. Sidewalk reportedly wants autonomy from city regulations.

But during Doctoroff's announcement of the smart city endeavor, he posed a strong argument to sew these city seeds. Building a city from nothing could help rethink government, social policy and data-driven management, as well as test solutions to cybersecurity and privacy concerns.



"If you could create a place, it'd be a laboratory to experiment with these problems," he said. Acxiom Corporation (NASDAQ:ACXM) LiveRamp Partners With Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ ... LiveRamp, a subsidiary of Acxiom Corporation (NASDAQ:ACXM) has reached out to seek partnership with Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

The company, which already connects more than 300 digital marketing platforms and data providers is looking at gaining an enhanced Customer Match through an extensive set of integrations. Google Analytics 360 Suite, Google DoubleClick Digital Marketing solutions are some of the integrations that LiveRamp has been eyeing over time.

Speaking about the new move by LiveRamp, the company s President and General Manager Travis May admitted that Google is way ahead in the provision of tremendous scale that reaches out to a multitude of audiences. Its messages are somewhat pertinent across channels and devices. May says that this will boost the company s brands in the activation of their first-party data across Google s free suite of advertising products.

The integration will enable LiveRamp clients to activate their first-party emails across Google YouTube, Search, and Gmail courtesy of LiveRamp Connect. There is a lot for customers to benefit from regarding the simplicity of activating email client files through Customer Match instead of having to upload customer data files to multiple locations.

The integration also supports Google Store Transactions for both AdWords and DoubleClick Search.

LiveRamp aims at helping various leading brands run their marketing programs more efficiently through the elimination of data silos. Furthermore, it is a frontline in the delivery of safe privacy solutions.

There are several other integrations whose designation is to make it secure and easy for brands that want to use their first-party data to present their marketing efforts.

It is vital that organizations bridge the gaps between their online and offline markets. An agile infrastructure brings back a competitive advantage that translates to increased sales, improved efficiency, and delivery of customer s expectations.

Nevertheless, using the preferred marketing platforms is good for optimization of messages for each client as well as targeting of precise segments.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Better Buy: Baidu, Inc. vs Alphabet In a comparison of Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), or parent company of Google, in February, I concluded that both online search companies had the characteristics of stocks investors may want to consider buying, but I ultimately suggested that Alphabet was the better buy. With both companies recently reporting results, does Alphabet still look like the better buy?

Metric Baidu Alphabet Market capitalization $62 billion $498 billion Trailing-12-month revenue growth (YOY) 33% 15% Price-to-earnings 35* 29.5

Growth

When it comes to revenue, Baidu remains the much faster growing company of the two, with trailing-12-month revenue up 33% compared to the year-ago quarter. Alphabet's revenue during this period increased just 15%.

The difference in the two companies' growth rates, however, isn't as large recently. In Q1, Baidu's revenue, excluding deconsolidated revenue from Qunar recognized during the period, was up 31% from the year-ago quarter. In this same period, Alphabet's revenue increased 17% -- or 23% on a constant currency basis.

And Baidu's growth story loses even more of its gusto when looking at the trajectory of year-over-year growth rates. Baidu's year-over-year revenue growth rates are clearly decelerating, suggesting current growth may not be sustainable. Revenue increased 33% in Q4 compared to the year-ago quarter, and it increased 36% -- both higher than Baidu's adjusted year-over-year revenue growth of 31% in Q1. On the contrary, Alphabet appears poised to sustain its current growth rates. For instance, Alphabet's first-quarter revenue growth is about in line with Q4 growth, and it's even meaningfully higher than its 13% year-over-year revenue growth (or 21% on a constant currency basis) in Q3.

So, while Baidu is the faster growing company when measured by sales, the two companies' current growth trends suggest their rates of growth could come closer to converging in the future.

When it comes to growing profits, however, Baidu is the laggard. Baidu's adjusted net income in the first quarter, for instance was down 13.9% from the year-ago quarter. In the same period, Alphabet's adjusted first-quarter net income rose an impressive 17.6%.

Baidu's headwinds with profitability are driven by the company's aggressive and costly moves into faster-growing, lower-margin businesses, such as app market places and streaming video. While Baidu management anticipates the business will return to meaningful growth in profits over the the long hall, investors are going to have to deal with fast-growing costs for now.

So, even though Baidu's sales are growing faster, Alphabet is growing where it counts: on its bottom line.

Valuation

Interestingly, despite Alphabet's more impressive earnings growth recently, investors are still rewarding Baidu with a higher multiple to its earnings. It trades at a price-to-earnings ratio of about 35 after earnings are adjusted to exclude a fourth-quarter benefit from a net gain from Qunar shares. Google trades at a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.5.

Why may the market be awarding Baidu with a more favorable price-to-earnings multiple? It likely has something to do with Baidu's relative size in comparison to its addressable market. At a $62 billion market capitalization, the company is much smaller when measured by market value than Alphabet, which has a market capitalization of $498 billion; and with Baidu being the dominant search engine in the massive China market, investors may be hoping the company can take advantage of a fast-growing addressable market as more people come online with faster Internet speeds as the country develops.

Given the speculative nature of the thesis for Baidu's net income growth to pick up and for the company to successfully follow through on an uncertain market opportunity, investors may want to side with Alphabet over its Chinese counterpart. Alphabet looks comparatively compelling -- and not as risky -- as it continues to deliver strong revenue and net income growth for investors. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Creates First Chip Specifically for Machine Learning Published By: Eunice Gettys on May 27, 2016 11:59 am EST

Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google I/O developers conference ended last week, and people cannot stop talking about the new products and services revealed by the tech giant at the event. One major announcement was the new the Machine Learning chip that is currently being developed by the company.

The new chip, Google Tensor Processing Unit or TPU, is currently being developed to work with Google Tensor Flow technology. The company has been using the chip for over a year and claims that the Alpha Go supercomputer, which defeated the World Champion Go player, was powered by a TPU.

It was reported earlier that Google had hired a top chip engineer to work on the design of the new chipset because of its complex design. For the new chip, the company designed a custom ASIC that was efficient on both power and performance while being used for Machine Learning. The new TPU, according to the company, can solve far more complex algorithms quicker than a GPU because GPUs require a longer time to calculate due to its extra circuitry.

However, Google s latest chipset is very expensive to build and will likely not make its way to the consumer market. Building a custom ASIC for a TPU can range anywhere from $40 million to $100 million, depending on the team size, timeline and complexity. Due to the high costs, Google stated that the chips will only be used within the company and will not be available for sale. It also said that the new TPUs will not end partnership with NVidia Corp. (NASDAQ:NVDA) as the tech giant will continue to buy GPUs from NVidia.

With TPUs, Google says it will look to improve its services, such as Street View, which is already optimizing search results using machine learning. Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) New Android "N" Leaves Apple's Inc (AAPL) iOS Behind Published By: Ken Bock on May 27, 2016 10:19 am EST

Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) just concluded the company s latest I/O developers conference in Mountain View where the tech giant revealed the company s upcoming products and services. One of the biggest highlight of the event was the reveal of the latest Android N operating system which is expected to release later this year on the new Nexus devices. With the Android N, Google has introduced a bunch of new features such as built in VR and multitasking, while also improving the performance and efficiency of devices. The new Android N can be downloaded through Google s developer portal; though Google recommends you to back up your data before installing the Developer Preview.

Google s new OS brings in a bunch of new features that will excite Android fans all over the world. With the new operating system, the tech firm hopes to reel in more users from other platforms such as Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL) iOS. Today, we take a look at some of the new features on Android N that are not found on iOS devices.

Multitasking

Android N now lets users use two windows on one screen with its new split-screen feature and this is the first time multitasking will be a native part of an OS from Google. The new feature can be activated by holding down the Overview key which shows a list of apps running in the background. With the addition of multitasking, Android N looks set to be the perfect platform for productivity.

Notifications

Android N sees a revamp of how notifications are handled by the device which has been made possible due to the newly designed interface. Users can now have different ways of responding to notifications as users can now reply directly from the notification panel. This makes responding to notifications less tedious as users do not need to switch between different apps.

Better Settings Menu And Performance Enhancements

The new settings menu is much of the same but Google has made some improvements such as adding a Suggestions Box which makes searching within the settings menu a lot faster. There is a new display option which lets users change the resolution of the device s interface, something that was not found on previous Android versions. There is a new VR mode called; Google Daydream, which is integrated with the new Android N, though not much is known about how Google will make use of the new technology. Moody's says Alphabet's victory in code copyright case is credit positive  
2016-11-15
Analyst Upgrades: Alphabet Inc, Netflix, Inc., and Facebook Inc Welcome to Schaeffer's Investment Research! We are a privately held provider of stock and options trading recommendations, options education, and market commentary, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Learn more about us >>

Welcome to Schaeffer's Investment Research! We are a privately held provider of stock and options trading recommendations, options education, and market commentary, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Founded in 1981 by industry pioneer Bernie Schaeffer, we've since become a trusted source of research and analysis for individual investors and major financial media outlets alike. Facebook Inc. (FB), Alphabet (GOOGL) in Totally Different Positions With Fake News 

Facebook Inc. (FB), Alphabet (GOOGL) in Totally Different Positions With Fake News



Facebook Inc. (FB), Alphabet (GOOGL) in Totally Different Positions With Fake News

2016-11-15



" Google's move similarly does not address the issue of fake news or hoaxes appearing in Google search results.



That happened in the last few days, when a search for 'final election count' for a time took users to a fake news story saying Trump won the popular vote. Votes are still being counted, with Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton showing a slight lead. " Source: Reuters

Both Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) just released information on how they will try to curb fake news proliferation on their digital properties. While the approaches are similar, the impact of fake news for each of these tech giants is totally different.Reuters reported this morning that "Alphabet Inc's Google (GOOGL) and Facebook Inc (FB) on Monday announced measures aimed at halting the spread of "fake news" on the internet by targeting how some purveyors of phony content make money: advertising."The goal here from each firm is to prevent advertising powered by their engines from appearing on fake news articles and therefore to curb the benefit of creating that fake news. A reasonable belief is that when the monetary incentive has been blocked, the activity in and of itself will stop or at least be crippled.While that side of the story is likely pretty close to correct, although not at all holistic, it's the other side of the phenomenon that has enormously different ramifications for each firm.Facebook Inc. CEO Mark Zuckerberg said that 99% of the news on Facebook was likely authentic and that "overall, this makes it extremely unlikely hoaxes changed the outcome of this election in one direction or the other."But, there is serious trouble already with this analysis. It is certainly possible, if not likely, that even if 99% of news is authentic, that the 1% that is not authentic could have substantially larger reach. As a simple arithmetic example, assume there are 100 news articles, and one is fake. But, assume the 99 authentic stories get 100 pageviews while the one fake story gets 1,000 pageviews.This is a totally contrived scenario, but in this case, the actual reach would be 9.2% for inauthentic (fake) news on Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) calculated as 1,000 page views out of a total of 10,900. It's easy to see how 1% fake news could have aon the populace at large using Facebook for news. But that's not the problem here for Facebook.The ad dollars from the fake news are likely trivial to the enterprise at large, and this boils down to a PR issue for Facebook, surrounding issues of corporate citizenry. Beyond that, it is likelyto have fake news. It's simply the human condition to seek confirming evidence of our beliefs -- we just can't help it. Whether the news is real or not, if it fits nicely into a narrative that someone likes, then it will be read, and distributed. That likelyI believe Facebook would wipe out fake news in one fell swoop if it had the capacity to do so with a magic button, but in the meantime, the problem it faces is one of perception, not one that affects the bottom line.But, it'sfor Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL).The issue for Google is much larger and totally different. While the ad dollars from fake news are also likely trivial to Google, the issue goes well beyond corporate citizenry and perception.Facebook is social media and the more content the better as long as it engages its users. Google is not social media, it is a content discovery engine. In its most basic construct, Google Search is the collection of all of human thought for all time accessible instantly. Search and go. This reality has made Google the second largest company in the world. But there's a problem now.The fake news is showing up in Google searches. Never mind the ad dollars and the banning of those sites from the Google advertising ecosystem, Google Search is infected. Here's a snippet from a Reuters article:The difference between Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) here is enormous. If Google cannot get a hold of the proliferation of fake news, a punitive monetary move will not fix the crown jewel that is Google Search. And friends, if the sanctity of Google Search is compromised, Google faces existential risk.The different risks that Facebook Inc. and Alphabet Inc. face are obvious to each company. Google has urgency here -- urgency to clean Google search, beyond just corporate governance. Facebook may have a PR problem, but all of the data we have seen shows that engagement on Facebook (and Twitter) during the election was through the roof. There is no existential threat here for Facebook.It's likely, though not assured, that the urgency that Google will feel from a corrupted core product (Google Search) will make the firm more aggressive in combating the fake news phenomenon. While both firms face risk, there is a ticking clock for Google, as anyone who watched the small startup take shape remembers when it became the search champion of the world less than two decades ago.Watch for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to act swiftly, aggressively, and continually on this issue and take the lead in efficacy over Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB). Insider Selling Alert: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) and Groupon ... Smart Stock news highlights Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO) and Groupon Inc (NASDAQ:GRPN) recent insider selling activity. The details of each are as follows:

Alphabet Inc.

SVP, Corporate Development David C Drummond unloaded 1,000 shares (this totals 9% of his direct stake in the company) on November 14. These shares were worth $755,600. Following this, Mr. Drummond owns 9,748 shares, worth $7,342,389.

Yahoo Inc.

Chief Revenue Officer Lisa Utzschneider sold 339 shares, (this totals 0.1% of his direct stake in the company) on November 10. These shares were worth $14,085. Following this transaction, Ms. Lisa owns 596,101 shares, which are worth $23,46,769.

Groupon Inc.

General Counsel and Secretary Dane A Drobny unloaded 42,930 shares (this totals 12% of his direct stake in the company) on November 9. These shares were worth $164,851. Following this, Mr. Drobny owns 322,107 shares, worth $1,288,428. Night Owl Capital's Q3 Bets: Alphabet Inc (GOOG), Starbucks Corporation (SBUX ... Insider Monkey believes in mimicking hedge funds  long positions, because research-based evidence consistently prove that the smart money returns positive gains from long sides of its portfolios. The sterling returns of hedge funds are often eclipsed by hedged positions and high fees. Our data for hedge funds  third-quarter returns backs this up, as the funds in our database with at least five long positions in billion-dollar companies on June 30, had an average return of 8.3% in the third quarter. Meanwhile, the Barclay Hedge Fund Index has hedge funds  actual returns for the third-quarter at less than 4%, though it should be noted that the Barclay s Index tracks the performance of thousands of funds, while we focus solely on the cream of the hedge fund crop. Thus, in this article we ll take a look at four long positions held by Night Owl Capital Management, including Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX), Sensata Technologies Holding N.V. (NYSE:ST) and Tyler Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:TYL).

Night Owl Capital Management is a Connecticut-based hedge fund founded in 1993 by John Kim. Night Owl s equity portfolio disclosed an equity portfolio worth nearly $170 million as of the end of September, up from $140.13 million at the end of June. The fund returned 12.03% from 16 of its long positions in companies worth over $1.0 billion.

During the third quarter, as the stock gained 12.3%, Night Owl trimmed its stake in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) by 1% to 19,244 class C shares worth $14.96 million. At the end of June, a total of 126 of the hedge funds tracked by Insider Monkey were bullish on this stock, a change of -11% from the previous quarter. The largest stake in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) was held by Eagle Capital Management, which reported holding $1.28 billion worth of stock as of the end of June. It was followed by Southeastern Asset Management with a $669.8 million position. Other investors bullish on the company included Egerton Capital Limited, Lone Pine Capital, and Viking Global.

Follow Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Follow Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Trade (NASDAQ:GOOG) Now!

In Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX), Night Owl held 150,717 shares worth $8.16 million at the end of September, down by 1% over the quarter. Between July and September, the stock lost 4.9%. During the second quarter, the number of funds from our database long Starbucks Corporation inched up by 2% to 53. Among these funds, Melvin Capital Management held the most valuable stake in Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX), which was worth $142.8 million at the end of the second quarter. On the second spot was Columbus Circle Investors which amassed $135 million worth of shares. Moreover, Adage Capital Management, Citadel Investment Group, and Melvin Capital Management were also bullish on Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX). 
2016-05-24
Google Is Coming Back To China Soon When Alphabet's (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Google exited the Chinese market in 2010 due to a soured relationship and censorship demands by the Beijing government, it appeared as if it would be at least a decade before the company would even consider making a comeback. But Google has already started making the first tentative steps to re-enter the Middle Kingdom and could be only months away from making a full comeback. Google is set to partner with Chinese Internet company Sohu.com (NASDAQ:SOHU) in Chinese Internet searches. Google will conduct some of Sohu's searches while Sogou, Sohu's search engine, will screen the results. According to the South China Morning Post, other Google applications including Google Maps and Google Play are set to return to the Chinese market. It appears as if Google will share the Sogou search partnership with Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) whose Bing search will be performing English search functions for the search engine.

By the time of its departure in 2010, Google owned about 17% of the Chinese search market. But with Chinese search giants such as Baidu (NASDAQ: BIDU) and Qihoo 360 (NASDAQ: QIHU) now dominating the search space in the country in a big way, Google's most realistic chance of breaking into this market lies in bringing Google Play to China.

Doing it the Apple Way

Few, if any, American tech companies have enjoyed the kind of blowout success that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has had in China. Although the Chinese market was not spared the capitulation after Apple recorded a 26% Y/Y revenue decline in the market during the Q2 FY 16, the largest by any geographical region, it remains Apple's most important market ahead of the entire EU market. Maybe that was to be expected from such a large market that has been growing at close to 100% for several years. In Apple's hardware category only the ''Other Product'' category which bundles Apple Watch, iPods, and Apple TV recorded positive growth after posting a 30% Y/Y revenue increase to $2.2B.

Apple's Software & Service segment, that consists of App Store, Apple Music and iTunes Music, Apple Care Service plans and iCloud storage plans, has however remained a bright spot for the company. During fiscal second quarter, the segment posted revenue of $6B, up 20% from a year ago. Services segment was the only Apple segment that added more than $1B in revenue growth during the quarter. Now much of the success by this segment can be chalked up to App Store which contributes about 30% to the Service category. Although Apple does not routinely divulge App Store revenue numbers, the company said that App Store revenue increased 35% Y/Y while generating 90% more revenue than Google Play up from a 75% lead a year ago according to App Annie. And Apple has China to thank for the explosive iOS revenue growth.

iOS revenue in China grew 2.2x during the last quarter, as China overtook Japan to become the second largest App Store market. China actually overtook the U.S. in App Store downloads during the fourth quarter of 2015. In-app purchases of games is firing all this growth with games such as The Legend of Mir 2, Westward Journey Online, and Fantasy Westward Journey proving to be big hits in China. Although the U.S. still holds a sizable 30% iOS revenue lead over China mainly due to better monetization of non-gaming apps, China is set to overtake it in a matter of several quarters if it maintains that kind of blistering growth clip. The huge iPhone install base in China is certainly helping Apple.

Well, Google's absence in China certainly appears to be part of the reason why Google Play continues to lag App Store revenue-wise despite enjoying the lion's share of downloads. After all Android owns three quarters of the mobile OS market in China with almost everything else belonging to iOS. Google Play recorded an impressive 70% revenue growth in global entertainment revenue during the last quarter, but still failed to match App Store's 130% growth in this pivotal category partly because of its absence in the largest mobile gaming market outside the U.S. India, Vietnam and Pakistan in that order are Google Play's top three markets. All top 10 Google Play markets are emerging economies.

Can Google Play succeed in China? I believe the company has a good opportunity to crack this market. Although smartphone and tablet gaming generated $5.5B in China in 2015, just a sliver of this went to foreign developers due to heavy fragmentation of the Android market in the country with estimates that there are 200-400 independent Android stores operating in the China. Developing apps for such a market can be a nightmare especially for a foreign developer. Not only do developers have to contend with an extremely fragmented market, they often have to surrender more than half their app revenue (estimates run as high as 60% to 70%) to multiple Android channel partners compared to the standard 30% cut by established platforms such as Google Play and App Store. In fact a recent GamesBeat survey of gamers, developer and publishers in China found that most players in the country badly want Google Play to return to the country. Netease, one of China's largest publishers, is one of these. Here is an excerpt from an interview between GamesBeat and a Netease executive:

"[Android is in] a terrible situation. From Netease's perspective, we are happy if Google comes back. It's good for publishers and developers. And the Chinese government probably knows this."

So Google's return will help bring some sense of order to the Android market in China. The presence of Google Play will be a breath of fresh air and will help to open up the market even further. Google Play will easily become the exclusive go-to store for foreign Android developers which means it will have a lot of content that won't be available in smaller Android stores in the country. China might go a long way in helping double Google Play revenue over the next four years:

Source: Business Insider

Which should help the company realize its goal to make Google Play and YouTube its chief growth drivers over the next couple of years:

Source: Business Insider

But despite all the goodwill it's likely to receive in China, Google Play won't have a walk in the park there. Tencent (OTCPK:TCEHY), China's biggest Internet company, already owns a giant app store in the country and is China's biggest publisher of mobile games. Its ubiquitous WW/WeChat app has helped the company overtake Baidu and Qihoo so Google Play will probably have to play second fiddle to Tencent for years.

Google might not be able to exactly replicate Apple's success in selling mobile apps in China. The company is coming into a mature market with local heavyweights that really pack a punch. Nevertheless Google Play has an excellent chance to break into a highly fragmented Chinese app market and make good money while at it. Analysts Reiterate Outperform on Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (GOOGL ... Wall Street analysts weighted in on tech giants Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) in regards to innovation fears and a developer conference, respectively. Both are bullish on the two firms, with one highlighting Apple s core strengths prior to the iPhone 7 launch while the other pointing to Alphabet s value generating new products.

Apple Inc.

Analyst Andy Hargreaves of Pacific Crest weighed in on Apple regarding concerns of a lack of innovation for the iPhone 7, set to release in September. The analyst believes these concerns are unwarranted and that the market should instead focus on user base trends and potential upgrades. The analyst notes that according to his estimates, Apple s iPhone base grew by around 70 million in the past 2 years. He states,  We believe concerns about a potential lack of innovation in the iPhone 7 underestimate the extraordinary growth in the user base over the past two years   The analyst believes regardless of any hardware updates, this increased user base  should drive significant growth in upgrade volume and overall iPhone unit growth in F2017. 

Although the analyst acknowledges that increased holding periods reprints  a legitimate concern,  he believes potential upgrades from the newly increased user base will should offset any concerns and generate  substantial growth in replacement sales  despite holding period changes. If anything, the analyst claims that  software and expanding distribution are the primary drivers of new users to Apple s platform.  The analyst believes these features should result in easier comps relative to the iPhone 7/6s compared to the iPhone 6s/6, noting a likely smaller decline in the number of absolute users. Ultimately, the analyst believes Apple s strong user base should keep the company afloat. He states,  We believe Apple s strong hold on its user base will support sustained pricing power, which should help drive stable gross margins and strong cash flow. 

The analyst reiterates an Overweight ration the company with a $123 price target.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Andy Hargreaves has a yearly average return of 21% and a 46% success rate. Hargreaves has a 15% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #124 out of 3929 analysts.

Out of all the analysts who have rated AAPL in the past 3 months, 86% are bullish, 3% are bearish, and 11% remain on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $125.80, marking a 29% upside from current levels.

Alphabet Inc

Analyst Stephen Ju of Credit Suisse weighed in on Alphabet after attending the Google I/O developer conference. The analyst  came away incrementally more positive on the company s strategic positioning  and cited several takeaways from the conference the he feels represent catalysts for the stock. The analyst cites the  growing ubiquity  as well as AI in all of the company s products and apps. He also believes the company came a long way this year, as 2016 represents  increasing integration  and more user friendly UI. The analyst is particularly impressed with recent product launches such as Google Home, Assistant, Allo, and Duo.

According to Ju, products such as Rich Cards, Accelerated Mobile Pages, Instant Apps, the Credentials Management API and the Web Payments API are the most influential for the company from a  more mid-to-longer term monetization perspective.  He believes these products enhance the overall user experience and represent a  win-win move  for the company and publishers. Specifically, he mentions that Instant Apps offering businesses an easier way to engage with users, and that the Credentials management API and Web Payments API  should raise mobile conversion rates.  Ultimately, the analyst claims that  these actors should positively impact mobile search pricing. 

The analyst reiterates an outperform rating on the company with a $920 price target.

Stephen Ju is ranked #59 out of 3,929 analysts on TipRanks. He has a 67% success rate recommending stocks with a 13.7% average return per recommendation.

According to TipRanks, out of all the analysts who have rated the company in the past 3 months, 97% gave a Buy rating while 3% remain neutral. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $914.91, marking a 25% upside from where shares last closed. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Allo Chat Privacy Concerns Are Way Overblown After last week s Google I/O event, Alphabet Inc s ( GOOGL , GOOG ) annual tech-centric State of the Union conference, there has been an increasing buzz surrounding one of the company s latest reveals, the Allo chat app.

Source: Brionv via Wikimedia (Modified)

The buzz hasn t been focused on Google s seemingly backward efforts to decompile its flagship Hangouts chat app, and replace it with multiple standalone apps. Instead, the focus has been on the company s decision to make end-to-end encryption an optional feature that users must manually enable.

And of course, why wouldn t privacy and encryption be the focus in today s post-Snowden era?

Since Edward Snowden s infamous whistleblowing, the entire nation has been overwhelmed and inundated with a constant, exasperated and sometimes hysterical barrage of news articles, blog posts and videos identifying and criticizing every potential risk   regardless of how minuscule   to our individual privacy.

What s the Concern With Allo?

Director of Engineering, Erik Kay first revealed and demonstrated the Allo chat app during the keynote address at Google I/O. The app looks like an interesting improvement that uses Google s existing AI technology for enhanced communication.

However, personal security extremists have put Allo in the crosshairs because its end-to-end encryption feature is not turned on by default, and must be intentionally enabled by users. That fact has made both the Allo chat app and Google the target of the most recent bout of conspiracy theorists  fear-mongering outbursts.

The buzz even prompted Snowden himself to speak out against Allo in a Twitter post, stating opt-in encryption makes the app dangerous and unsafe.

Interestingly, Snowden did not attack or criticize the actual viability and effectiveness of Google s encryption methodology, nor did any of the other personal security bloggers and journalists. Instead, the concern surrounds a general lack of confidence in the average user s ability to remember to turn on end-to-end encryption if he feels it s necessary to ensure conversations are completely secret.

So, it would seem that these  privacy savants  are more upset over Google s assumption that users are smart enough to know when they should turn on encryption. In that light, Google has more confidence in users  intellectual and technological prowess than many of today s self-proclaimed personal security advocates, who obviously think Google should assume people are too stupid to understand encryption and the potential privacy risks associated with sending unencrypted messages.

Therefore, it s the extremists who actually insult the tens of millions of Android users with their outrageous outbursts bashing GOOGL for its Allo chat features.

Bottom Line for Google and the New Allo Chat App

The sad truth is that no matter what features Google might put into its new Allo chat app, there will undoubtedly be a number of consumers who are unsatisfied and frustrated. You just can t please everyone.

GOOGL developers are by no means idiots, and personal privacy and security were clearly major considerations when they created Allo. For reasons that I don t pretend to know, the decision to make end-to-end encryption an optional feature wasn t made lightly, and is the result of a careful balancing act between functionality and privacy protection.

The encryption is available to everybody, and users who are concerned with protecting the content of their messages can turn it on. That being said, Android owners who install and use Allo will have to consider the plausible risk of sending unencrypted messages, and determine the possibility of legitimate danger.

Personally, I like the idea of being able to ensure my privacy is protected   in those rare instances when I might choose to engage in taboo discussions. At the same time, I m not afraid of using an app such as Allo even without the end-to-end encryption.

Using a mix of common sense (e.g., not sending messages containing my Social Security number or credit card details), built-in Android encryption features and when necessary, a VPN, both my device and data in transit are protected from most would-be thieves and hackers.

Of course, extremists can surely point out a plethora of flaws in my assumptions, but the truth is that I m simply not worried about the NSA, CIA, FBI or any other Orwellian Big Brother type of government organization. I ve got nothing to hide, and honestly, my life probably isn t interesting enough for the men in black to take a second look at my texting.

As of this writing, Greg Gambone did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Project Abacus To Introduce Log In Without ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is planning to put an end to passwords on Google Android in the near future.

The company is working on technology that can factor in various signals such as location, walking and typing patterns among others to create a system that can identify the user. The project was first announced as Project Abacus during the latest Google I/O event which took place last week. Google s head of Advanced Technology and Projects research unit (ATAP) Daniel Kaufman revealed more details about the project during the event.

Project Abacus is the next user authentication feature

The project will acquire data such as the time and location where specific apps are used. It will even take facial features and user s voice into account to generate a trust score which can then be used to determine if the person using the handset is the owner or not. Apps used to carry out monetary transactions will obviously require a very high trust score.

If the technology is a success, it will phase out regular security measures such as passwords which are considered annoying by most people. The Trust API was created by engineers at the company s search and machine intelligence division. Project Abacus is however not new. It made its debut in the 2015 Google I/O with the aim of advancing past the pin and password age. The company is already using some of the technology such as in the case of  Smart Lock  which automatically unlocks the user s device when in a secure location. The feature is available for devices running Android 5.0 or higher.

There is also Smart Lock for passwords which saves passwords for apps and websites and remembers them automatically the next time the user visits the same website or app. Project Abacus uses a different approach. It runs in the background to collect information used to develop the trust score. If the score generated is insufficient, it goes back to the passwords.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-06-23
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Price Target Slashed As Desktop Search Volume Declines Published By: Ken Bock on June 23, 2016 11:16 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is the current fore runner in the online search engine business. Mr. Larry Page and his Stanford colleague, Mr. Sergey Brin, founded the company in 1998. Google gained incremental popularity and by early 2000s, it became the most popular search engine. The rise of Google was not without consequences, as it is widely believed to have triggered Yahoo s eventual decline.

Since the introduction of smartphones, desktop computers and the associated products have been on a steady decline. Among such products is Google, which according to Evercore ISI analyst, Ken Sena, has started to see a decline in number of desktop search queries. The analyst asserts that Google has been largely successful in providing advertisers an efficient and accurate search platform, but in the broader context, it is evident that the total number of desktop search queries has been eroding. This, in part, can be attributed to a mix shift towards mobile and programmatic devices. The traffic acquisition costs for these devices are substantial and can create headwinds in coming days.

Rising competition in the market, especially from social media websites offering search functionality and shift from desktop to mobile, along with associated headwinds, lead to significant cuts in the analyst s projection model for Google. Mr. Sena cuts his revenue estimate for the year 2017 to $96.6 billion, which is 3% below consensus, and has growth projection of 12.5% y/y, while the EPS estimate is cut down to $37.09, which is 6% below consensus estimate of $39.80.

In order to reflect the changes in estimates, the analyst has slashed the stock price target by $120. The new price target for the stock is $830 down from $950. The firm, however, abstained from downgrading the stock and maintained Buy ratings. The analyst opinion for the stock from 51 analysts has 19 Strong Buy, 29 Buy, and 3 Hold ratings. The stock now trades at $702.31 and has declined by 1.12% since the opening. 
2016-12-17
Apple Inc. (AAPL), Facebook Inc (FB), Amazon, Alphabet Inc: Quant Models Like ... Are Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stocks worth adding to your portfolio? In short the answer is likely yes, since each of these companies is among the leaders in its respective industry. However, each stock is rather expensive and it is not guaranteed that all of them will outperform the market, at least in the short term. There are many ways to analyze a stock, one of which is to see how smart investors are trading it, which is what we do at Insider Monkey. The smartest investors in recent quarters seem to be, well, robots or quant hedge funds.

We track over 700 hedge funds and other institutional investors and analyze every quarter the general sentiment among them towards thousands of stock. One particularly interesting group of investors that we follow are quantitative hedge funds, many of which are some of the largest and best-performing funds on Wall Street. We calculated the returns of some of these funds using data from their publicly available 13F filings, and determined that most quant funds managed to outperform the market even though in some instances their picks were less risky than the broader market. For example, the top five stock picks of Jim Simons  Renaissance Technologies posted an equal-weighted average gain of 1.17% per month between 2008 and 2012, outperforming the S&P 500 which inched up by 0.29% per month during the same period. When we adjusted returns for known factor returns like size, value, and momentum RenTech s alpha turned out to be 103 basis points per month. This means this quant hedge fund s top picks were able to beat the market by almost a percentage point a month by investing in a portfolio of less risky stocks.

Having said that, we have lined up six quantitative hedge funds: Cliff Asness  AQR Capital Management, David E. Shaw s D. E. Shaw & Co., Jim Simons  Renaissance Technologies, Peter Muller s PDT Partners, and Neil Chriss  Hutchin Hill Capital. In a previous article, we have discussed most of these funds, as well as their top stock picks. In this piece, we ll take a look how these funds traded the aforementioned four stocks: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Most of the quant funds in question own shares of each of these stocks, but based on the size of each position and the changes it underwent during the third quarter, we will try to determine two stocks that could potentially represent the best investments.

Let s start with Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), in which all five of the six quants held shares heading into the fourth quarter, while one fund closed its position between July and September. The largest positions are held by D. E. Shaw & Co. and AQR Capital Management, which disclosed ownership of 6.68 million shares and 6.44 million shares, respectively. Moreover, both funds held Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) as their second-largest holding and both increased their exposure to the stock over the quarter, but, while AQR Capital increased it by just 14%, D. E. Shaw boosted it by 178%. Other quants that increased their stakes included PDT Partners, which added 17,200 shares to its stake, taking it to 89,500 shares, while Hutchin Hill Capital added 24,900 shares and held 25,000 shares at the end of September. However, at the same time, we have two funds that limited their exposure to the stock. As stated earlier, one investor that sold all of its shares in Apple is Renaissance Technologies, which had previously owned nearly 1.10 million shares (at the end of June). In addition, Two Sigma Advisors cut its stake by 81% and held just 48,531 shares heading into the fourth quarter. So, from what it looks like the quants that we are discussing in this article are overall bullish on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), which is also supported by our more general data across all hedge funds tracked by us, with the number of investors long Apple jumping to 145 from 116 during the third quarter. 
2016-07-27
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO Lawrence Page Sold $24.9 million of Stocks CEO of Alphabet Inc ( GOOG ) Lawrence Page sold 33,332 shares of GOOG on 07/25/2016 at an average price of $748.02 a share. The total sale was $24.9 million.

Alphabet Inc through its subsidiary Google Inc is engaged in improving the ways people connect with information & products including Search, Android, YouTube, Apps, Maps & Ads. It also produces internet-connected home devices & provides internet services. Alphabet Inc has a market cap of $506.97 billion; its shares were traded at around $738.42 with a P/E ratio of 31.76 and P/S ratio of 6.76. Alphabet Inc had an annual average EBITDA growth of 29.80% over the past 10 years. GuruFocus rated Alphabet Inc the business predictability rank of 3-star .



Warning! GuruFocus has detected 3 Warning Sign with XTER:HEN. Click here to check it out.

XTER:HEN 15-Year Financial Data

The intrinsic value of XTER:HEN

Peter Lynch Chart of XTER:HEN

Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with GOOG. Click here to check it out.

GOOG 15-Year Financial Data

The intrinsic value of GOOG

Peter Lynch Chart of GOOG







CEO Recent Trades:

CEO, 10% Owner Lawrence Page sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 07/25/2016 at the average price of $748.02. The price of the stock has decreased by 1.28% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of GOOG stock on 07/20/2016 at the average price of $739.21. The price of the stock has decreased by 0.11% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of GOOG stock on 07/06/2016 at the average price of $690.94. The price of the stock has increased by 6.87% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of GOOG stock on 07/06/2016 at the average price of $690.94. The price of the stock has increased by 6.87% since.

Directors and Officers Recent Trades:

SVP, Corporate Development David C Drummond sold 5,000 shares of GOOG stock on 07/12/2016 at the average price of $725.52. The price of the stock has increased by 1.78% since.

President, 10% Owner Sergey Brin sold 33,340 shares of GOOG stock on 07/01/2016 at the average price of $704.24. The price of the stock has increased by 4.85% since.

President, 10% Owner Sergey Brin sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 06/30/2016 at the average price of $693.34. The price of the stock has increased by 6.5% since.

President, 10% Owner Sergey Brin sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 06/29/2016 at the average price of $689.97. The price of the stock has increased by 7.02% since.

President, 10% Owner Sergey Brin sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 06/28/2016 at the average price of $682.95. The price of the stock has increased by 8.12% since.

For the complete insider trading history of GOOG, click here .About GuruFocus: GuruFocus.com tracks the stocks picks and portfolio holdings of the world's best investors. This value investing site offers stock screeners and valuation tools. And publishes daily articles tracking the latest moves of the world's best investors. GuruFocus also provides promising stock ideas in 3 monthly newsletters sent to Premium Members

This article first appeared on GuruFocus . Alphabet Earnings: Mixed Feelings Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) will report earnings on Thursday after market. The sentiment on the stock is quite mixed heading into the earnings with some expecting a modest result while the others are concerned over the tough comps. While YouTube could be a positive surprise in the quarter, margins could see downside risk. Overall, the mobile monetization will be a critical driver for search although this area is starting to see evidence of emerging competitive threats from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) that have so far been refining their own search within their respective ecosystems. Finally, moonshot projects remain the key future growth of GOOG given the risks associated with the core search. However, there has been limited improvement in this segment in recent quarters that raises the question whether GOOG can successfully commercialize and monetize these projects. To be clear, I am bullish on Alphabet's long-term outlook given the penetration of its ecosystem, which I consider to be superior and more sustainable than that of the iOS. If Alphabet's core segments beat expectations and if the "Other Bets" deliver another round of positive updates, then I believe the stock could go higher post-earnings. However, do note that GOOG has missed EPS estimates in 5 of the past 8 quarters while it missed revenue in 4 of the past 8 quarters, so the trend certainly does not look good.

Consensus expects revenue ex-TAC to be $16.86b and adjusted EPS of $8.03. Consensus expects CPC to be down 6% y/y while paid clicks is expected to see a +27% y/y growth. What I will be focusing on will be mobile monetization given that it is the key growth segment for GOOG and also an area where it is facing the structural challenge in mobile given the disintermediation by apps and competition from FB, Apple and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN). As such, diversification into cloud, VR, broadband, drones and Other Bets are critical to offset this potential weakness.

Key focus areas for GOOG will be YouTube, Android and VR.

YouTube will likely to be a bigger part of Alphabet's growth story in that the macro trend in cord-cutting and cord-shaving is supportive of the platform as viewership and engagement migrate to digital channels. This secular tailwind favors video distribution platforms that have a broad spectrum of content capable of attracting various audiences. In addition, the growing penetration of smart TVs globally with YouTube as a pre-installed channel app is also driving YouTube penetration higher, allowing Alphabet to steal more ad dollars away from TV. The recent overhaul on the cable set-top market by allowing third-party set-tops to have access to content is highly accretive to YouTube penetration, in my view (see - Google Scaling Up Online Video).

Android is another area that is critical to GOOG's future growth but there is evidence suggesting that the Android ecosystem could be at risk. Notably, media reported that Huawei is looking to develop its own OS to offset its reliance on Google. Given that Huawei is becoming one of the largest smartphone makers in the world with roughly 10% of the global market share, it makes sense for Huawei to develop its own OS to lessen the risk associated with being overly reliant on Android. Huawei's interest in developing its ecosystem is similar to that of Samsung's (OTC:SSNLF) decision to develop the Tizen. Broader migration away from Android could potentially destabilize the entire Android ecosystem, creating a domino effect where other large-scale OEMs have broad geographic footprints, large product portfolios and negotiation power on app developers to pursue their own mobile OS. This will certainly negatively impact GOOG's ability to sell advertising to current handsets that run on Android. More important, this further reinforces my view that GOOG needs to scale its Other Bets divisions such as driverless cars, broadband, wireless services and home automation to offset the risk to its core search business (see - Alphabet: Google Fiber Will Eat AT&T And Verizon's lunch).

Finally, VR will be another focus area given the amount of investments that Alphabet has dedicated. (Google Making Next Big Steps Into Virtual Reality?) Recent media pointed out that GOOG scrapped its VR product that was designed to compete directly against Oculus (see - Google: Getting Serious About Virtual Reality). Given the recent success with augmented-reality game such as Pok mon and the fact that GOOG has invested in AR startup Magic Leap, my guess is that GOOG is moving beyond VR to enhance its AR and refine its Google Glass to potentially transform it into a AR computing platform. Any commentaries on how GOOG plans to pursue its VR would be constructive to investor sentiment. Earnings Preview: Alphabet Inc, Amazon.com, Inc., and Baidu Inc Earnings season has kicked into high gear, with tech stocks Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) seeing big reactions in the wake of their respective results. While AAPL supplier Cirrus Logic, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRUS) and TWTR peer Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) will take their turn on the earnings stage after tonight's close, tech firms, andare slated to unveil their quarterly reports tomorrow night. Here's a closer look at the options activity surrounding GOOGL, AMZN, and BIDU ahead of earnings.Pre-earnings call buyers have been active in's options pits, per data from the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX). Specifically, the stock sports a top-heavy 10-day call/put volume ratio of 2.07 across this trio of exchanges -- in the 88th annual percentile. Even with the uncertainty of earnings looming, short-term volatility expectations are currently near their lowest point of the year -- a potential boon for options buyers. In fact, GOOGL's Schaeffer's Volatility Index (SVI) of 33% rests lower than 99% of all comparable readings taken in the past year.Technically, Alphabet Inc has rallied nearly 13% since taking a bounce off its 320-day moving average during the post-"Brexit" broad-market plunge . However, the shares are running out of steam near the $760 mark -- an area that helped support GOOGL in early April -- last seen at $759.93.has seen a rise in call buying in the weeks leading up to the release of its earnings report. At the ISE, CBOE, and PHLX, the stock's 10-day call/put volume ratio of 1.19 rests in the 73rd percentile of its 12-month range. Meanwhile, it's getting pretty pricey for those purchasing the stock's near-term options. Not only does AMZN's SVI of 41% rest higher than 61% of all other readings taken in the past year, but its 30-day at-the-money implied volatility of 36.6% is docked in the slightly inflated 59th annual percentile.Looking back over the past eight quarters, AMZN has averaged a single-session post-earnings move of 9.9% -- slightly less than the 10.9% the options market is expecting this time around. On the charts, the stock has put in a standout performance in recent months, and analysts have been quick to take note . Based on their present price at $736.91, shares of Amazon.com, Inc. have surged more than 55% off their mid-February low at $474 -- notching a record high of $757.34 on July 12.has turned in a number of volatile post-earnings performances over the last eight quarters, swinging, on average, 7.6% in the session subsequent to reporting. For Friday's trading, the options market is pricing in a bigger move of 9.9%. It looks like options traders are expecting this post-earnings price action to resolve to the downside, too. At the ISE, CBOE, and PHLX, BIDU's 10-day put/call volume ratio of 0.96 ranks in the 83rd annual percentile. Plus, the equity's Schaeffer's put/call open interest ratio (SOIR) of 1.11 sits just 3 percentage points from a 52-week peak.Outside of the options arena, analysts have taken a decidedly optimistic tone toward Baidu Inc, with 86% maintaining a "buy" or better rating, and not a single "sell" to be found. Another big post-earnings move for BIDU could escalate amid a shift in sentiment among options traders or analysts . Technically, BIDU is down 13% year-to-date, last seen at $163.93. Rentokil signs deal with Google and PA Consulting Group  
2016-01-17
European Union to Scrutinize Usage of Big Data by Large Internet Companies MUNICH The European Union is considering whether the way large Internet companies, such as Alphabet Inc. s Google or Facebook Inc., collect vast quantities of data is in breach of antitrust rules, the bloc s competition chief said Sunday.

 If a company s use of data is so bad for competition that it outweighs the benefits, we may have to step in to restore a level playing field,  said Margrethe Vestager, European Commissioner for... 
2016-12-12
How a 5% Move in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Stock Is Worth 700% It s not without political risks, but Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG ) is looking great again. For the bulls, a second attempt on the price chart looks worthy of a little of our attention on GOOG stock.

Despite uncertainties ranging from net neutrality, skilled labor immigration policies and potentially bearish China trade relations tied to the incoming Trump administration, GOOG stock is showing its wherewithal.

The  What ifs  are daunting. Not just for Alphabet Inc, but for other large-cap tech outfits such as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) or the likes of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Silicon Valley would be on the butt end of Trump s pro-business platform if his policies are actually pursued and ultimately implemented.

Regarding China, the impact of trade restrictions could be particularly hurtful for GOOG stock. Following the company s difficult exit from China in 2010, Alphabet Inc is back and aiming to be a player in the second largest economy s mobile market with Google Play and its new Pixel phone.

On the plus side, other Trump pledges regarding the repatriation of overseas cash hordes and cutting corporate tax rates are not only favorable for GOOG stock, but also more likely to gain passage through Congress without much effort.

Plus, if investors just look at GOOG s stock chart, rather than the bluster of potential threats, you ll see that things look pretty good.

GOOG Stock Chart



Click to Enlarge It hasn t always been pretty, but Alphabet s price action has at least been constructive.

During the first half of 2016, GOOG established a large corrective double bottom. That s typically a welcome event for bulls because it unwinds excessive behavior. The technical reset then went on to forge a breakout attempt in October.

Unfortunately, the move to fresh all-time highs proved short-lived. Alphabet s rally reversed, then winded up failing.

Next Page GOOG: Alphabet Inc's Google Signs 'Internet Speed' Deal With Cuba Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG ,NASDAQ: GOOGL ) and Cuba have inked a deal that will help Cuba attain access to faster Internet.

It has only been two years since President Obama met with officials from the Caribbean nation in a bid to improve relations between the two nations. Over that time, plenty has been done to normalize relations, including lifting the trade embargo, allowing Cuban cigars to be transported from Cuba and re-launched direct flights between the countries.

Now, Google s parent company Alphabet is stepping up and rolling out an agreement with Mayra Arevich Marin, president of state telecommunications monopoly ETECSA, to give Cubans access to the Google Global Cache network.

This service includes content from Gmail, YouTube and other servers that will mark a great effort into advancing the telecommunications industry in Cuba. The Caribbean country is gradually moving towards becoming a nation that is more globalized and more in touch with the contemporary world s technology.

However, the country s companies will not allow U.S. corporations to wire the systems in Cuba due to concerns regarding the nation s national security.  This may improve reception of cached materials, but not for example email which depends on local bandwidth,  a local telecommunications technician said.

This worker asked Reuters to keep his identity anonymous because the cautious approach that Cuba is taking to normalize relations with the U.S. is still being hashed out.

GOOG shares fell 0.2% Monday, while GOOGL slipped 0.3%.

More From InvestorPlace Netflix, Inc's (NASDAQ:NFLX) VR App On Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Play ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google is trying to make every effort to consolidate its content for its new Daydream virtual reality platform. It is perhaps following in the steps of HBO and Hulu because it will now be possible to watch Netflix, Inc s (NASDAQ:NFLX) shows though Netflix VR app that was designed for Pixel phone and Google s Daydream headset. It is available through Google Play Store. The availability of the VR means that Google s Daydream headset can support smart devices, but again they must be running on Android 7.0 Nougat.

While it may seem like Netflix VR app is offering the same media content, as before, there are differences. Besides providing immersive viewing experience, it also supports 360-degree viewing. Recently, the streaming service also allowed the downloading of content for offline viewing as well.

Netflix VR App on Google Play Store: What Should Subscribers Expect?

Advanced Real-Time Chart: If not automatically loaded with the correct symbol related to this article, you can manually enter it (ex. AAPL) to update the chart.

The availability of Netflix VR App On Google Play Store has a lot to offer. Remember the app is live on the play store. However, it is unfortunate that the Gear VR owners may not access it because it is not compatible with non-Daydream systems. Those that have Moto Z series and LG G5 owners, Sony Xperia XZ, Google Pixel phone series as well as X Performance series, among others with Adnroid 7.0 Operating sytemtn are also compatible with Netflix VR.

The Netflix VR app has an enormous virtual screen and a rich digital environment. Thus everyone will watch their favorite shows as if they are in front of their home TV. The Daydream controller makes it possible to access all the content currently up on Netflix thanks to the virtual interface.

But Netflix VR Is a Stand-Alone Application

Netflix s VR platform cannot be compared to the likes of Hulu and HBO apps, which have a bit more options to take advantage of. It is a standalone application. The use of a phone to watch movies or any of Netflix shows will require a subscription. But all said and done, Netflix VR app on Google Play Store may be the best milestones that Netflix has achieved. Alphabet Inc.'s Google Home Now Works With Google Photos and Netflix, Inc. It seems that the search engine giant, Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google, is trying to convince people that everything can be controlled through voice command. It is recently reported that tech mammoth is working on new features for its Google Home's Assistant app in a bid to enable the users to play any content from Netflix on Google Chromecast using voice command.

The company is also planning to integrate Google Photos in its Home Assistant app. The news has ignited excitement among the users, and many tech experts believe that the main aim of the tech giant behind this move is to pose a serious threat to Amazon Echo. It was recently reported that several users started experiencing a new "Videos and Photos" option in their Google Home Assistant settings. Many tech gurus believe that the new option will likely feature all the future video streaming content that will work with Google Assistant.

The move indicates that the search engine giant is pretty serious towards achieving its market ventures in the home automation industry. Also, many experts believe that this move will help the company get many users to switch to its platform. Adding to that, it is pertinent to mention that the update has not been made available to all the users. However, many tech experts believe that the update will arrive soon.

For now, reports that are making rounds in the tech space indicate that only Netflix video content could be played on Google Home's voice command, but many believe Google has plans in its pipeline to bring other online streaming platforms like Hulu on its platform. Also, the search engine giant is making its efforts to offer improved features to the users in a bid to create traction among them to buy its Google Home device. Google launches mobile payment app Android Pay in Japan in a tie-up with Japanese e-commerce company Rakuten - Nikkei  
2016-08-15
Why Google Fiber's expansion isn't happening as fast as expected  How Durable Is Google's Growth Driver? In comparison with other search engines, Google demonstrates the best combination of changes in price and in the number of paid clicks.

From 2016 to 2019 the mobile internet advertising spending will double, but the growth rate will decline.

Google holds the position of the leading search engine in the world as a whole and in the United States in particular.

Ruth Porat, the CFO of Alphabet and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), said the following, commenting undeniably good Q2 results of the company:

...primary driver was the increased use of mobile search by consumers, benefiting from our ongoing efforts to enhance the mobile search experience...

Now, in my opinion it is logical to wonder how durable the momentum of this driver is.

First of all, the dynamics of Google's global search market share should be assessed. According to Statcounter, as of August 2016, 89.5% of the global desktop searches are conducted through Google search engine. As for smartphones and tablets, Google accounts for 93.8% of the global searches. The both indicators have not changed significantly over the past three years.

Speaking directly of the United States as a Google's key revenue source in terms of geography, it should be noted that in 2016 the percentage of Google mobile search queries has increased by 1.87%, reaching its record of 92.03% in August. The growth is relatively insignificant, nevertheless, Google's position became even stronger.

To complete the picture, it should be added that in 2016 the global share of Android mobile operating system has increased by 3.02%, reaching the level of 65.2% in August.

Given the slowly changing users' preferences, we can conclude that Google's position as the leading global search engine will not change for at least two-three more years. That means the answer to the question posed at the beginning of this post lies in the trends of the mobile advertising market.

According to 2015 emarketer forecast, the global mobile internet advertising spending will grow by 47.6% YOY in 2016. Over the next three years, the market size will nearly double, but the growth rate will reduce significantly. The saturation of this market will be associated with increased competition, which will make the pricing policy and the qualitative characteristics of advertising services crucial.

There are two key trends associated with the growth of the mobile advertising market - the ad units are becoming cheaper, while the number of paid clicks is increasing. In such a situation, the ability to adapt pricing policy to the changes in demand is a crucial factor in maximizing revenue for the companies such as Google.

I know three search companies that openly publish their dynamics of change in the average price and the number of paid ad clicks - Google, Yahoo! (NASDAQ:YHOO), and Yandex (NASDAQ:YNDX).

In my opinion, Yahoo! demonstrates the worst example of adaptation to the market dynamics. Yahoo! is trying to compensate the fall in the number of paid clicks with the increased prices, but it does not save the situation, and, as a result, the revenue from pay-per-click ads is steadily falling.

Source of data: Yahoo!

At a first glance, Yandex demonstrates quite good dynamics of overall advertising revenue. But it should be noted that relatively high inflation rate in Russia is built into the rising price of Yandex paid clicks. Moreover, in my opinion, the growth rate of the number of paid clicks does not match the growth rate of the market itself.

Source of data: Yandex

Google demonstrates objectively the best result among the three companies. Starting from Q2 2015, the drop in the average price of a click has been offset by their increased number, which eventually leads to the steady growth of the overall advertising revenue.

Source of data: Alphabet

There is another issue I would like to bring your attention to. Generally speaking, the growth of mobile Internet is a threat to traditional search engines. The reason is banal - the relatively small size of a smartphone screen does not allow you to conveniently enter the search queries.

But it should be noted that Google has fundamentally approached this problem. Google voice assistant, announced at its I/O Conference in May 2016, greatly exceeds the capabilities of conventional voice input. In fact, this is a technology of a meaningful dialogue with Google, during which the search process becomes intuitive and even fun.

Conclusion

In my opinion, the above mentioned factors indicate that Google adapts perfectly to the era of mobile Internet. Objectively strong results showed by Alphabet in Q2 are a natural consequence of Google's successful advertising pricing policy. Hence, the company has all preconditions to maintain the gained momentum of the revenue growth for at least this year.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Google's Newest OS is Designed to Capture a $19 Trillion Opportunity Google parent Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) is working on a brand new operating system that has nothing to do with Android or Chrome OS   so what is it for?

The operating system, dubbed  Fuchsia,  is a departure from other OS s Google has created to date, in the sense that it isn t based on Linux. Linux is a decades-old system that s been used in computers for many years, but isn t ideal for every situation.

From Android Police:

Especially in the case of embedded devices like car dashboards or GPS units, full-blown desktop kernels like Linux impact performance and cause other issues. There s a massive ecosystem of operating systems designed for embedded hardware, and Google may be working on their own. Enter  Fuchsia.  Google s own description for it on the project s GitHub page is simply,  Pink + Purple == Fuchsia (a new Operating System) . Not very revealing, is it? When you begin to dig deeper into Fuchsia s documentation, everything starts to make a little more sense.

Looking under the hood of the not-so-secret project reveals Fuschia is designed to replace commercial operating systems that run on embedded devices   which are usually small computers designed for a specific purpose, like running your washing machine or HVAC system. These systems are part of The Internet of Things (IoT), a concept describing a rapidly evolving future where nearly every household or business device is connected to the internet.

Cisco has called the IoT a $19 trillion opportunity for hardware markers, software companies, and device manufacturers. Google wants in on that massive market badly, and this looks to be one of its biggest steps yet.

Google is already involved in the IoT in a handful of other ventures. Back in 2014, it bought connected thermostat maker Nest Labs for $3.2 billion, which then bought internet video surveillance company Dropcam. The company also offers a cloud platform for developers to integrate IoT devices.

The company has been known to experiment with many things over the years, so time will tell if Fuschia evolves into a big hit, a flop, or something else entirely. Even replacing Android or Chrome OS (or both) with the new operating system isn t out of the question.

For now, Google isn t talking, but it promises some documentation for the open-source project soon.

Alphabet shares rose +1.26 (+0.16%) in premarket trading Monday to $808.31. GOOGL has gained 3.73% year-to-date, versus a return by the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same time period. Amazon, Alphabet and others who rely on money markets should brace for new ... Companies that rely heavily on money-market funds for cash management may need to overhaul their approach as they brace for new regulations in October that will require a more-sophisticated handling of liquidity and more, Fitch Ratings cautioned on Monday.

The new rules are aimed at preventing a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis, when investors pulled out of money-market funds en masse after the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers. That caused the Primary Fund to  break the buck,  meaning its net asset value fell to less than $1 per share. That shocked investors who had come to view the funds as secure and liquid as bank savings accounts. And the sheer size of the market adds weight to its impact when conditions turn south; money-market funds had about $2.7 trillion in assets as of Aug. 10, according to research firm Investment Company Institute.

The chaos in 2008 led the U.S. government to make the funds part of its bailout program with an emergency lending program and other measures.

See: SEC adopts money market fund reform rules

 We believe the reform is creating a new paradigm for corporations  cash management, which will require a more sophisticated approach to managing liquidity,  Fitch said in a note.

The new rules will allow institutional prime money funds that are used by companies for daily cash management to restrict investor liquidity during a time of stress. The shares, like the shares of most other mutual funds, will be allowed to float in value, a shift from the stable $1-a-share value traditionally maintained. The theory is that investors will then be able to monitor changes in asst value as they happen and be able to adjust their holdings accordingly.

The board of directors of a fund can decide to impose liquidity fees on shareholders looking to redeem cash at such a time, or simply lock the fund for redemptions, if the fund s liquidity falls below the regulatory threshold. Government money funds will not be affected, and some corporate treasurers are already shifting cash to government funds from prime funds to mitigate the risk, said Fitch.

See also: Why you shouldn t freak out about rising money-market rates

The change is important, because many companies use money funds for cash purposes. As the following chart indicates, non-financial companies held $573 billion in money fund investments as of the end of the first quarter, according to Federal Reserve data. A Fitch analysis of the non-financial companies in the Fortune 100 found 33 significant investments in money funds, with 22 of those companies disclosing the amount invested. For those companies, money funds accounted for 26% of their cash and cash equivalents, on average.

As the next chart illustrates, some companies use money funds carefully or not at all, while others rely heavily on them for daily cash flow management.

Cisco Systems Inc. CSCO, -0.61% was the biggest money fund investor in the sample group, with holdings of $8.2 billion, or 81% of its cash and cash equivalents. As the following chart indicates, Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -1.29% was second biggest investor, followed by Google parent Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -0.09% GOOGL, -0.15% and Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% .

But Apple s $3.3 billion investment is equal to just 18% of its cash and cash equivalents. Many of these companies also had other short-term financial assets such as Treasuries or commercial paper program. Those could be used for short-term liquidity but were not classified as cash and cash equivalents.

 For corporations that continue to rely on money funds, enhanced disclosures and risk management will be important to appropriately monitor key weekly liquidity measures in prime funds,  said Fitch. Alphabet stock continues to impress the investors with new product expansions ... Published By: Ken Bock on August 15, 2016 09:40 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) continues to wow its investors despite the possibility of the tech giant paying huge charges for taking advantage of its dominant position in the industry. The company last posted its financial earnings for the second quarter of fiscal year 2016 on July 28. The company beat the Street by posting remarkable results. It declared $8.59 in earnings per share on revenue of $21.5 billion. By doing so, the search engine giant grew its revenues by 21.3% year-over-year.

The cloud computing company credits its success to a number of revenue streams. The biggest of the streams is its advertising revenues. During the last quarter alone, the ad revenues of the $545.7 billion came in at $19.1 billion, marking an increase of 19.38% YoY. With the increasing consumers in the mobile market, the company has successfully generated more revenues from the smartphone sized ads than the desktop ads. The company saw an increase of 37% YoY in clicks on paid ads, translating into higher revenues.

The company is also proud of its cloud computing services. It believes that certain features of its cloud provide it with a competitive edge over Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). This has led the company to be more confident about its storage services to the extent that it made fun of Apple in a new ad of its photo app. The company did not state Apple or iPhone specifically, however, it did make a subtle comment that iOS runs out of space quickly. This was pointed at the ability of Google s cloud to create back up of the photos enabling consumers to delete pictures from their smartphone, clearing out disk space. Apple iOS, however, lacks this feature, leading them to run out of disk space quicker than that of Google. This attracted more consumers towards Google.

Investors are keen on holding on to what they perceive as one of the hottest stocks in the market. They are impressed by the fact that the company reached its record high last Tuesday, August 10 when it hit $813 in stock price. The investors have faith that the ad revenues driven by machine learning, alongside other bets including driverless car and delivery drones, would pay off for this tech giant soon.

Furthermore, the company is due to release its new platform, Google Daydream later in this year. The platform is powered by Android Nougat and Google Play. The company has confidence that the platform has something to offer for everyone. This would enable the California-based company to dominate the existing Virtual Reality market by attracting a large consumer base. Since the product is targeted at a huge market, the company is expected to achieve a large market share. The investors are poised on reaping huge earnings from the platform based on their forecast that the virtual reality market would generate approximately $30 billion by FY20. Thus, the investors have compelling grounds to be on the bullish side. Due to this, the shares of Google are trading up 3.73% year-to-date through Friday in the market. This is in line with the performance of market indexes, Nasdaq and Dow Jones which are trading up 4.49% and 6.61%, respectively on YTD basis.

The total shares outstanding for the tech giant are 294.84 million, out of which 0.9 million trade during the active market session. Analysts at FactSet Fundamentals have recommended buying the stock and have published 39 Buy, four Overweight, and four Hold ratings on the shares of the cloud computing service. They have maintained the target price, 15.795 higher than the last close, at $934.51. The shares of this tech giant have a daily range of $803.64-807.19 and 52-week range of $593.09-813.88. Alphabet Inc Nexus 2016: 7 New Feature Upgrades Coming With Google's Latest ... Published By: Ken Bock on August 15, 2016 12:57 pm EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is expected to release the company s latest Nexus devices in the coming weeks, and reports have given us a good idea of what to expect with its latest flagship devices. Google also currently offers big discounts on Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P, which has led many to believe that the new devices will be revealed soon. Today, TheCountryCaller looks at the feature upgrades that are coming with the tech giant s upcoming Nexus devices.

Premium Smartphones

Google has reportedly collaborated with HTC for the latest Nexus devices, which all but confirms one thing; the new devices will have a premium build quality and will likely sport a metal design. The new device is expected to share design elements with HTC 10.

Stock Android

One of the biggest reasons for the popularity of Google s Nexus devices is the complete stock Android experience offered by them. The two new devices will come in 5-inch and 5.5-inch variants and will boast 1080p displays with 2K resolution.

Identical Design and Build Quality

It was first reported that Marlin M1 variant would feature an all-metal design, while Sailfish S1 variant will feature plastic components for its design. However, AndroidPolice recently reported that both devices will look the same and use the same components, and the only difference would be the display size.

Same Specifications

Both devices will also feature the same specs. According to the reports, Nexus devices will be powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset and will have 4GB of RAM. Both smartphones will feature 12MP rear cameras and 8MP front cameras.

Android 7.0 Nougat Exclusive Nexus Features

It has been confirmed by Google that the upcoming Nexus devices will be the first smartphones to use Android Nougat 7.0. These devices are also expected to get some exclusive new features, such as the new Nexus launcher and animated Home button that will make the most out of Google Search and Now on Tap. Scion Asset Management Dumps Apple, Buys Alphabet Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions.

This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.  2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy Samsung Electronics (SSNLF) Galaxy Note 7 vs Upcoming Alphabet Inc (GOOGL ... Published By: Patrick Arruda on August 15, 2016 08:52 am EST

Samsung Electronics Co. (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) recently released it s latest flagship phablet in the form of the Galaxy Note 7. The new device is already being hailed many as the best Android device in the market. However, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) is expected to release another highly anticipated Android device in the form of the Nexus next month. Google s Nexus has been in the rumor mill lately and there have been reports of two Nexus devices coming later this year which are being built by HTC. The two devices are codenamed Sailfish and Marlin and are expected to feature the company s latest Android 7.0 Nougat OS. Today, we compare the specs of Samsung s Galaxy Note 7 with Google s upcoming Nexus devices to see if the new Nexus devices are worth the wait.

Design and Display

The Note 7 sports a gorgeous 5.7-inch Super AMOLED Quad HD Display with a 2560 x 1440 resolution. The new device is also the first smartphone in the market to come armed with Corning s latest Gorilla Glass 5. The Note 7 is also the first device to feature Iris scanning which adds additional biometric security to the new phablet. The device is also completely waterproof along with the S Pen which now also works under water.

The smaller Nexus 2016 Sailfish variant is expected to come with a 5 inch 1080p display while the bigger Marlin version is expected to feature 5.5-inch 2560 x 1440 AMOLED display panel. The new devices will have biometric security through a fingerprint scanner unlike the Iris scanner on the Note 7.

Specs

The US variant of the Note 7 houses Qualcomm s latest Snapdragon 820 chipset while the international variant is powered by Samsung s own Exynos 8890 chipset. The Note 7 is equipped with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage that can be expanded to 256GB via a Micro SD card.

The new Nexus devices are rumored to be powered by Qualcomm s upcoming Snapdragon 821 chipset and will feature the same 4GB of RAM. The new devices are expected to come with two storage options of 32GB and 128GB while there is no support for expandable storage.

Camera and Battery

The Note 7 is packed with the same 12MP camera found on the Galaxy S7 which has a f/ 1.7 aperture and comes with OIS. There is also a wide angle 5MP Front camera. The Note 7 also packs a 3,500 mAh battery.

The Nexus devices are rumored to pack 12MP back cameras and 8MP front cameras and there are reports that there could be support for OIS just like the Note 7 while being powered by a 3000 mAh battery,

The Note 7 packs a ton of new features but it comes with a hefty price tag that has already fended away potential buyers. The Nexus devices are expected to be a lot cheaper than the Note 7 and users that want the most bang for their buck, should wait till next month. Steve Cohen's Point72 Boosts Amazon Stake, Sells Off Alphabet Point72 Asset Management, the firm that oversees billionaire Steve Cohen s wealth, boosted its stake in Amazon.com Inc. while selling off its holding of Google parent Alphabet Inc. in the second quarter.

Point72 bought 536,020 shares in Seattle-based Amazon, boosting its position to 666,620 shares valued at $477 million as of June 30, according to a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and making it the family office s biggest U.S.-listed holding. The Stamford, Connecticut-based firm reduced its positions in Facebook Inc. and Netflix Inc. TPG Capital to Acquire RCN & Grande Communications (GOOGL) Private equity firm TPG Capital plans to acquire RCN Corporation and Grande Communications for $2.25 billion according to sources speaking to the Wall Street Journal. Both cable-TV companies are currently owned by Boston-based private equity firm Abry Partners. TPG Capital will invest alongside Google Capital, a growth-equity investment fund of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG), which will take a minority stake in both the companies. The deal will likely be announced Monday.

Both RCN and Grande Communications provide bundled cable, phone and internet services. While Grande provides services to 160,000 customers in Texas, RCN provides services to 289,000 customers in East Coast and Chicago. As both RCN and Grande have belonged to Arby Capital since 2010 and 2009, respectively, they have shared management and resources. According to the sources, the management including CEO Jim Holanda will continue with the companies. (See also: World's Top 10 Private Equity Firms.)

M&A in the TMT sector continues rising trend

Due to a rise in demand of broadband services, companies are trying to consolidate their position by acquiring other companies. Among all the deals, the most notable ones include Altice NV s purchase of Cablevision Systems Corp & Suddenlink Communications, Charter Communications investing in Time Warner Cable Inc & Bright House Networks, and DirecTV being acquired by AT&T Inc.

TPG has also been involved in number of deals in the technology, media and telecommunications(TMT) sector. In 2007, it co-invested in Alltel Corporation alongside Goldman Sachs. TPG Capital has already invested in digital media companies such as Spotify, STX Entertainment, and Univision Communications. (See also: The Biggest M&A Deals of 2015 and Looking to 2016.)

The report highlights that it could also be a strategic fit for Google Capital, as it will indirectly benefit Alphabet Inc. s broadband unit   Google Fibres. Google Fibres and both the investee companies operate a wide network of existing cable lines. 
2016-11-17
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google To Launch Toilet Finding Tool For India Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) subsidiary Google is planning to launch a new tool that will help people locate toilets as part of a strategy to help India solve its sanitation problem.

Google s tool will not only be used to find toilets, but people can use it to find clean toilets. According to a study, 70% of Indians do not have access to toilets. It is, therefore, difficult to maintain sanitation and Google is determined to help solve this problem through the tool.

Google has teamed up with the Ministry of Urban Development (MoUD) in India to come up with the initiative. The company is working on a toilet locator tool that will be featured on Google Maps, thus guiding people to clean restrooms. The tool will initially be launched in Delhi s metropolitan area. The tool will be simple to use and is as simple as finding a restaurant or a bank using Google Maps.

 The key component is, of course, Google Maps, with the locations of clean toilets now marked on the map in the same way as restaurants, shops, and parks,  reveals one of the sources reporting on the matter.

The search results for toilets will include restrooms in gas stations, hospitals, and malls. Users can search for toilets using Hindu words such as  Shulabh  or  Swach.  Google and MoUD are heavily depending on crowdsourced data from users to determine whether the public restrooms are clean or to issue notifications when various public toilets are closed. The project will be launched in Delhi before the end of this month. Both Google and MoUD hope that the project will be a success and that they will get enough feedback from users before launching it in other cities.

The initiative will be one of the many projects that the Indian government is hoping will go a long way in improving the sanitary condition in the country.

Alphabet stock closed the latest trading session at $779.98.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-10-17
Google Flights will now deliver fare change information -blog  
2016-02-05
Alphabet, Amazon, Wal-Mart, eBay: Who Might Buy Groupon? Five years ago, Groupon Inc. (NASDAQ: GRPN) turned down a $6 billion buyout offer from Google, now Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL). Less than a year later, the company staged an initial public offering that valued it at just shy of $13 billion, seemingly justifying its reluctance to sell to Google at less than half that price.

From there, however, things went downhill. The company has failed to turn a profit in any of its full-year operations since going public, and market sentiment has soured considerably. Groupon now trades at $2.60 a share, giving the company a market cap of just $1.52 billion.

All is not lost, however. The platform s active user base, defined as customers that have purchased a voucher or product within the last 12 months, has grown from 9 million at the time of the Google offer to 48.6 million at the end of September 2015. Full-year revenues are expanding year on year, and a strong final quarter in 2015 will hopefully continue that trend. These improvements with a falling valuation paint the company as an attractive buyout target. A company that can integrate Groupon s network with its own may be able to tighten up annual net losses, while bolstering its own operations.

So, who fits the bill?

The obvious first choice is Alphabet. Alphabet launched its own offers and daily deals platform on May 26, 2011, just five months after Groupon turned it down, but the platform never really caught on. It was shut down as of mid-2014, and Alphabet once again has the need for a network of individuals looking for local deals. Groupon has close to 50 million active users, and even if Alphabet was to pay a 30% to 40% premium for Groupon, it would still be getting the company for one-third of its 2010 offer.

Further, Groupon has almost $1 billion in cash on hand, which makes the deal even cheaper. With $73 billion on its books waiting for allocation, that would amount to a $1.2 billion acquisition taking Groupon s cash into account. That would not break the bank, and could kick-start an area of Alphabet s operations in which it has struggled to date.



Another potential buyer is Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN). Just as Google did back in the day, Amazon recently shuttered its own daily deals operation   Amazon Local   and has not offered a reason why. Some analysts are suggesting that the industry itself is in decline, but certain Groupon metrics   revenues, active user base, subscribers, deals listed   suggest otherwise. Amazon may be shutting down its own daily deals network in order to mount a buyout bid for Groupon s existing and active one. The network would fit seamlessly into Amazon s current model, and Amazon could use its own distribution system to ship products purchased through the system far cheaper by way of economies of scale than individual merchants could, potentially making both parties more money.

There are a few other names that make viable suitors: brick-and-mortar retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) or online retailers such as eBay Inc. (NASDAQ: EBAY), could both benefit from Groupon s network of active users. Even Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB), which relies heavily on targeted marketing for its revenues, wouldn t be a surprising buyer, for much the same reasons that Alphabet would benefit from Groupon s users.

In the end, active users is what it all comes down to. Alphabet and Amazon both failed in the space because they couldn t build an active user base, and in turn couldn t justify the expense. For a couple of billion dollars, any of these companies can pick up the network of users they tried and failed to build   for someone at least, that seems like a very good deal. Alphabet, Facebook, IBM: Who Might Buy Twitter? With next week s earnings report from Twitter Inc. (NYSE: TWTR) expected to be dismal, the stock looks unlikely to reverse to the upside, and it could easily continue its downtrend since its initial public offering back at the end of 2013. Twitter currently trades at a little over $16 a share   69% off 2015 highs and 77% off all-time highs   and the company s inability to effectively monetize its user base is leading analysts to question its future. Specifically, whether the company would benefit from being bought out and, if so, who would make the ideal suitor?

Is a buyout possible? In a word, yes. Twitter shareholders are putting pressure on the company to deliver, and this is limiting the company s ability to experiment with alternative revenue sources. If Twitter were part of a larger organization, it could shift its focus from advertising, a space in which it is already reaching top end barriers, and focus on things like data monetization or commercial licensing.

So what would be a good company to take Twitter under its wing?

One of the most widely touted suitors is Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL). Alphabet has enormous cash reserves, $73 billion at latest count, and could afford to pay a 100% premium without breaking a sweat. Many will argue that Twitter has no real value for Alphabet since the social network is very unlikely to catch up to Facebook on almost any metric, and Google already fought, and lost, in the social media space with Google+.

In reality, however, Twitter s strength isn t as a social platform; it s in its ability to aggregate data. Real-time access to the data that Twitter creates could seamlessly integrate with Google s tailored advertising approach.



Another controversial suitor is Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB), but again, there is a data driven argument for the company s interest in Twitter, and again it is rooted in data. Facebook generates its revenues from display ads, but as these become increasingly overlooked (due to banner blindness, ad blocking, etc.), it may need to diversify its approach. One way to do this is through data packaging and selling.

Facebook paid $19 billion for Instagram, and it has since expanded the platform to more than 400 million users. However, images are difficult to aggregate into any usable and sellable form of data. It also has plenty of information on who people are and what they are doing, which can be used. If it buys Twitter, it will pick up a host of different data types that it can package and sell when ad revenues start to plateau or slide. Stock market info and sports reporting spring to mind, but these are only two of many possible applications.

Finally, a less likely but perfectly reasonable third suggestion is International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM). IBM is going big on big data, and there are few if any companies in the world that could aggregate, analyze, package and sell Twitter s data more efficiently. IBM could buy Twitter and license its data to third parties. We ve already seen this happen with this IBM/Twitter agreement, and a buyout would just be an extension of this dynamic. 
2016-05-12
Alphabet, Inc. Poised to Become Most Valuable Company (GOOG, AAPL) Alphabet, Inc. (GOOG), the name for the parent company of Google, is poised to become the most valuable publicly traded company in the world, overtaking Apple (AAPL) as measured by market capitalization. Both companies are currently trading with a market cap of around $500 billion each as of May 16, 16', with Apple once boasting a market value of nearly $775 billion. (See also: Apple Sinks to Another 52-Week Low.)

Apple Has Been Losing Ground Lately

Apple shares have fallen steadily, losing nearly 30% over the past twelve months and almost 15% year to date. With iPhone and tablet sales beginning to stagnate, many investors are fearing that the tech giant may losing its innovative edge as other mobile device makers and computer manufacturers become increasingly competitive. Apple has also faced increasing competition on the software services side as its iTunes music streaming service faces increasing competition as well as a rise in Android as the operating system for mobile phones and tablets. According to research conducted by industry analyst KantarWorldpanel, Android has been growing in market share at a record pace, increasing 7.3% points in the first quarter of 2016 to 65.5% penetration in the United States and increasing 6% points in China to reach 77% penetration.

Just recently, investment guru Carl Icahn sold out his entire stake of Apple stock, 45.8 million shares of it, commenting that its hay day is likely over.

Meanwhile, Google Has Been Strong

With Android owned by Google, Apple's loss is Alphabet's gain. While Apple shares have fallen sharply over the past twelve months, shares of GOOG are up nearly 35% over the same period. Some are comparing the rise in Google at the expense of Apple to what Apple did to Microsoft (MSFT), dislodging it from the number one most valuable company position back in 2010.

The Bottom Line

Apple and Alphabet, the parent of Google, are duking it out to claim the title of most valuable publicly traded company by market cap. With shares of Apple declining on negative sentiment, and Google positioning itself for a bull run, it is possible that Alphabet will take the crown, just as Apple took it away from Microsoft a few years ago. Alphabet Inc's Google wants to move past maps and digitally create the ... Google already maps the world, but the internet giant has bigger plans for its next location-based technology.

The Alphabet Inc. unit wants to digitally map the interiors of buildings in 3D down to a resolution of a few inches, and make money in virtual reality along the way, through a project named Tango.

The company plans a big expansion of the technology this year and ultimately wants to make it ubiquitous, according to a person familiar with the situation. Job postings and recent updates to Tango s developer software show steps toward this ambitious goal. Google will showcase progress at its I/O developer conference near its Silicon Valley headquarters May 18 to 20.

Related

Tango packs cameras and depth sensors along with other software into Android smartphones and tablets. Fire up the application and point the device at a space and it sucks in images and depth information to re-create the environment on the screen and locates itself within that new digital realm.

Google hopes Tango will support a system for independent developers to create new virtual reality applications and services. Video games could have characters that hide behind real-life furniture. A museum app could show 3D animations when you walk past an exhibit. A grocery store could highlight sale items and guide shoppers to the right shelf.

Unlike most emerging virtual reality systems, Tango doesn t need external equipment to re-create the world digitally. And unlike Google Maps it can figure out the details of a space without additional data sources.

 Tango is the indoor extension of their outdoor mapping platform,  said Lex Dreitser, a virtual reality developer who builds Tango applications.

 Goose bumps 

Tango started in a Google research lab more than two years ago, but the company is trying to take it mainstream this year. It s going into new smartphones from Intel Corp. and Lenovo Group Ltd. and the software has been updated to let it easily run on more devices. And there are signs Google is working on the most important challenge: Making Tango 3D maps shareable so the company can someday patch them together into a single, detailed digital representation of many of the world s buildings, rooms and the stuff inside them.

Google Maps is one of Google s most successful services, used by more than a billion people every month. It s stitched into other popular Google services, like Gmail, Calendar and Photos. With more detailed maps, Google could build new advertising and location-based services into its products. It could also offer these capabilities to outside developers, letting them create more powerful applications for its Android operating system.

 If Tango could digitize every single physical commerce place, then all of a sudden Google has an exponential opportunity to place very relevant contextual physical advertising in every space,  said Nathan Pettyjohn, Chief Executive Officer of Aisle411, a mobile commerce and location company that has built applications for Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc. and Toys R Us Inc.  It literally gives me goose bumps talking about it. 

Tango could also make Google a potent virtual reality rival to Facebook Inc. s Oculus and HTC Corp. s Vive. The Vive and the Oculus need separate sensors along with their headsets to map a room, while Tango does it with components in the phone or tablet. The closest competitor may be Microsoft Corp. s HoloLens, a headset that integrates the technology. Occipital, a startup, makes a device that can be attached to standard Apple Inc. iOS and Android devices to give them 3D sensing capabilities. Apple may be working on VR and 3D sensing too through PrimeSense, a company it acquired in 2013.

Gina Scigliano, a spokeswoman for Google, declined to comment.

In January, Google software engineer Eitan Marder-Eppstein said the technology had  a lot of potential for indoor navigation.  And back in 2014, another Google engineer, Simon Lynen, said the company was researching how to use multiple Tango devices to build large, detailed maps that could be combined and downloaded to devices giving them  a human-scale understanding of space and motion. 

Tango s cloud

The company is hosting four I/O sessions on Tango this year, up from one in 2015.

 With I/O it feels like they re really doubling down on it,  said Andrew Nakas, who has been building Tango applications for two years.  I can do things now I had no expectation I could do back then in 2014. 

Kris Kitchen, an inventor, built an application for the blind using Tango and a backpack-sized speaker called a SubPac. Tango maps a space and passes that data to the SubPac, which vibrates differently according to the proximity of objects. That gives blind people an additional sense   touch   alongside hearing to get around.

For Tango applications like this to reach the most people, 3D data will need to be easily shareable among devices. That would mean one person could map a museum, and another person could build an application based on the original map, or extend it, saving effort.

Google is working on this by building a system that allows Tango devices to share maps with other devices. It may also weave all these maps together and store the information in its data centers so it can be accessed by even more devices.

Tango will  rely on cloud infrastructure to store, merge, and serve location data to specific Project Tango devices,  Google wrote in a job posting in February for a mobile software engineer to work on the project. The company asked for  experience with Google Maps and other related location products. 

A cloud service would make life easier for developers, according to Pettyjohn.  Right now you have to save these mapping files on the device,  he said. A cloud service would make it so  anytime you need it, you pull down a file on the spot. 

Bloomberg News Why Alphabet is more valuable than Apple Apple Inc. brought in more revenue in the final three months of 2015 than Alphabet Inc. did the entire year. Ditto on profit, with Apple reporting net income of $18.4 billion in the fourth quarter while Google s parent company had earnings of $16.4 billion for the entire year.

So why did Alphabet GOOGL, -0.15% overtake Apple AAPL, -0.53% as the world s most valuable company in midday trade Thursday?

Alphabet shares fell 0.7% to $725.16 in late-morning trade on Thursday, giving the company a market capitalization of $498.2 billion. Apple s stock fell 3% to $89.90, pushing its market cap to $492.9 billion, below Alphabet, according to FactSet. This is the second time in three months Alphabet has pulled ahead of Apple by valuation.

Here are three reasons Wall Street is currently betting on Google instead of Apple.

Growth rate

While Apple has posted phenomenal profit and revenue thanks to the iPhone, the company now seems to be transitioning from a high-growth tech stock to a value stock. The company posted its first year-over-year decline in iPhone sales last quarter and its first sales decline since 2003. Alphabet, meanwhile, is still growing at a fast rate, despite posting below-expected earnings last quarter.

Apple revenue fell 13% year-over-year in the fiscal second quarter, with its core product, the iPhone, falling for the first time. Sales also fell sharply in China, which is the company s largest non-U.S. market. Chief Executive Tim Cook admitted in the company s earnings conference call that iPhone sales were disappointed, but instead focused on the company s software and services, which raked in $6 billion during the quarter, slightly more than the Mac.

Also see: What the market gets wrong about mega-cap companies like Apple and Alphabet

Meanwhile, Alphabet revenue jumped 17.4% in its most recent quarter.

 It s all about trajectory,  Jackdaw research Chief Analyst Jan Dawson said in an email earlier this year. Google s growing fast and increasingly profitable despite its massive investments in these Other Bets, while Apple s revenue barely grew last quarter and will shrink this quarter. 

Growth potential

Alphabet s  Other Bets,  are another reason for investor optimism. The potential for future big businesses is also another strike against Apple.

Beyond the iPhone, Apple s iPad and Mac sales are shrinking, and while Apple refuses to specifically disclose sales of its new smartwatch, the first new consumer product category released under Cook doesn t appear to be moving the needle. Apple executives instead focused on the potential for services delivered through their mobile devices, a specialty of Google.

Beyond its current offerings, many of Apple s potential revenue-generating products aren t close to fruition. The company is working on an electric car, but development and manufacturing of that type of product could take years. Apple appears to be finally moving toward virtual and augmented reality, but Google has already made gains in that area.

Also see: Google shines bright,  moonshots  still in the dark

Alphabet Chief Executive and co-founder Larry Page takes pride in his  moonshots,  big bets on future technologies that include autonomous cars, the Nest smart-home business and Google Fiber effort to provide broadband service. While Google, as Dawson said, is losing money on these efforts now   the  Other Bets  brought in $166 million last quarter with an operating loss of nearly $802 million   they present investors with prospects for big gains much sooner than a potential Apple car.

 It s all about growth prospects right now into 2016 and beyond,  FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives said earlier this year.  New growth areas are the focus in this choppy tech tape. 

Willingness to gamble

Investors will trust Page and Co. to make these big bets because they have paid off in the past , most notably in the form of YouTube, which Google acquired a decade ago for less than $2 billion. Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat credited the online video network, along with advances in mobile advertising revenue, for Google s revenue gains in recent quarters.

Google made a similar bet on Nest in 2014, buying the smart-home company for $3.2 billion. Apple doesn t operate in the same manner, preferring to build from within and buying young tech companies that can help their organic efforts, as it recently did with a virtual-reality startup. Even Apple s one high-profile acquisition under Cook, Beats Electronics, was not a bet on future technology but rather a complement to Apple s current offerings.

 If you look back at Apple s history, they don t necessarily go out and buy high-profile names,  Brendan Connaughton, chief investment officer of ClearPath Capital Partners, told MarketWatch late last year.

Also see: Here s why the news about Apple is so bad

Alphabet operates differently, and the company actually has a better war chest from which to operate in the mergers and acquisitions market than Apple. While much is made of Apple s large cash pile, the vast majority of it is tied up in longer-term investments and parked overseas with no plans to repatriate.

Apple and Alphabet have similar amounts of actual cash and cash equivalents on the books   $16.7 billion for Apple and $16.55 billion for Alphabet as of the end of the calendar first quarter   but Alphabet has more liquidity at its fingertips for potential purchases. Porat said $43 billion of Google s $73 billion in cash and securities is overseas, giving the company a domestic war chest roughly twice the size of Apple s. Alphabet also hasn t tapped into debt markets as heavily as Apple, holding about $5.2 billion in short-term and long-term debt while Apple has more than $53 billion just in long-term debt and plans to add more.

In short, Google s current growth and potential for more in the near term seems more realistic to Wall Street at this juncture. That could change quickly, however, if Apple pulls out of its current growth plateau.

 Apple is massively larger and generates much more profit and cash at the end of the day, and long term I suspect it will get right back to growth,  Dawson said.  But it s going to have a tough year, while Google is looking really good right now given the short-term trends.  Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Launches Google Cardboard Outside The US Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google has finally extended Google Cardboard beyond the US by making it available from Google Play Store in the UK, Germany, France and Canada.

Cardboard has been available on Play Store in the US since February. Unfortunately, people outside the US could not enjoy the product because it was only offered to users within the US. The company has finally extended the availability of Cardboard into Canada and some European countries including Germany, France and the UK. The product is now available for purchase on Play Store at  15 or  25 for two of them. It will be priced at  20 and  30 for the set of two in France and Germany and $20 and $35 in Canada.

Pushing to New VR heights

Prior to the availability of the Cardboard VR outside the US, a few imitations of the DIY device had been provided on online markets of eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). The extended availability of the device is a sign of more to be expected from the VR industry in the future. The Success of the Google Cardboard.

Google has experienced s much success with the Cardboard VR that there are rumors that the firm is working on a VR headset for the high end market as well as a plastic version of the device. The company s aim is to make the VR headset available all around the world so that more people will get to experience the VR technology at an affordable price.

Other companies are also stepping up their VR game. Samsung s Gear VR is one of the most available VR headsets though it is priced at $99 which is relatively higher that the Cardboard VR. However, it is well priced considering it is a completely developed headset and not a DIY one.

Other headsets such as the Oculus from Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) will soon be launched, thus ending the long wait. The VR industry is expected to continue growing as more headsets and VR content pours in.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-10-12
Firefox And Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Chrome Block Pirate Bay Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Chrome and Firefox browsers have issued notifications that they will no longer be supporting the Pirate Bay website.

The browsers have also urged users to seek out alternative torrent websites. The warning by the two companies hints to the impending shutdown of the infamous Pirate Bay torrent website. This follows numerous probes and lawsuits filed against torrent websites such as Kickass Torrents, TorrentHound, and Torrentz. This could signify the demise of the Swedish-based torrent website which is considered one of the best Torrent websites available.

 Google Safe Browsing recently detected phishing on thepiratebay.org. Phishing sites pretend to be other websites to trick you,  reads one of the browser warnings.

Pirate Bay may be the latest torrent website to face strict online regulation by government authorities and anti-piracy groups due to copyright related issues. The website has been flagged as a phishing website by the Google, meaning it has been compared to an illegal website. Phishing websites are said to steal confidential user information and passwords.

 Deceptive site ahead: Attackers on Thepiratebay.org may trick you into doing something dangerous like installing software or revealing your personal information,  states a Google Chrome warning.

The homepage of the torrent website is functioning as usual but once users get to the download page, then the warning appears. Users can choose to ignore the warning and continue to their download. The other alternative is to visit other torrent websites that do not face this problem, such as ISOHUNT.TO, RARBG, Extra Torrent and Lime Torrents.

Torrent websites have also been under a lot of pressure from The Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA). Torrent websites such as Popcorn Time and YIFY fell victim to this pressure in 2015. This is because these websites offer free and easy to download high-quality movies, TV shows, and music videos.

Alphabet stock closed the latest trading session at $809.57, down by $4.60 or 0.56% compared to the previous close.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google's Chromebooks Dominate Back-to-School Shopping, While Apple Lags Google parent Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) has decisively won the back-to-school laptop shopping wars, beating out Apple Inc. ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) with its low-priced Chromebook lineup.

Apple s PCs, which are in dire need of a upgrade, saw a 13% sales decline in the third quarter, according to market research firms International Data Corp. and Gartner Inc., which released their tabulations on Tuesday.

In contrast, Google-powered Chromebooks likely saw significant sales growth. Overall PC sales fell 5.7% in Q3, but when including Chromebooks in the figures, the decline was a much smaller 3.9%.

Gartner analyst Mikako Kitagawa commented,  While our PC shipment report does not include Chromebooks, our early indicator shows that Chromebooks exceeded PC shipment growth. 

Chromebooks, which are manufactured by third parties but run Google s lightweight web-focused ChromeOS, are typically low-cost devices that still boot up and run fast due to the simplicity of their operating system. They are essentially web terminals   users don t need to  install  any software, as just about everything runs through a web browser.

At a fraction of the cost of Apple s expensive hardware, consumers are clearly flocking to Chromebooks. This trend will no doubt continue to pressure Apple to update its devices and give users a new reason to come back to Mac.

Alphabet shares were mostly flat in premarket trading Wednesday at $809.47. Year-to-date, GOOGL has risen 4.06%, roughly in-line with the benchmark S&P 500 s 4.69% gain in the same period. Pixel Is A Dud, But Google Is A Buy With all the hype leading up to the smorgasbord of Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) hardware they announced last week, it's no surprise that we are seeing a letdown now.

Leading up to the announcement, Hiroshi Lockheimer, Google SVP of Android, Chrome OS and Google Play, tweeted "We announced the 1st version of Android 8 years ago today. I have a feeling 8 years from now we'll be talking about Oct 4, 2016."

Really, Hiroshi? Let's be honest - Google just isn't very good at these types of event-driven marketing releases. And the harder it tries, the more it seems to be trying too hard.

The center of the announcement was the Pixel phone. The Google Pixel is billed as a top of the line phone, but it has its share of faults. Critics say its design is uninspiring, its chin is too big, it's too thick, it's not waterproof, it doesn't have wireless charging and it's too expensive. I happen to agree with all of these criticisms and won't be purchasing one myself (you could say that I am in the target audience for this device given that I've owned several Nexus phones in the past).

The phone is being released at what some would say is just the right time given Samsung's (OTC:SSNLF) recall of the Note 7. But I don't think it will matter. The phone simply has a limited appeal and isn't "cool" enough in terms of design to drum up interest. The fact that several models of the phone are sold out in the Google Store right now only indicates to me that Google just didn't make many of these phones. Suffice it to say that Samsung's loss is Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) gain right now, and Apple is going to have a home run quarter.

But long term, the interesting thing regarding the faults of the Pixel are that they are all easily fixable. Update the design, make it thinner, get rid of the chin, make it water proof, add wireless charging and make it a little less expensive. Done. Easy. Pixel 2 is going to be great. And all of the advantages of the Pixel will remain, including: integration with Chromecast, which the Echo cannot replicate and integration with Google Home, which Apple cannot replicate. Tying together the overall hardware system of phone, home assistant and TV with a powerful assistant that is connected to your email, phone, YouTube, pictures, search and browser is something that Apple and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) can each replicate in part, but not in whole.

So while the Pixel 1 will likely be a dud, it will fail for some very easily fixable reasons. If Google cares about this, they will put in the investment on hardware design, because hardware is what gets people excited. And then show them what is possible with the Google Assistant. If they do that, the Pixel 2 will be a surprise hit.

Looking at the big picture, Google is trading at a forward P/E of under 20, has $75 billion of cash (plus equity in various other companies, including Uber (Private:UBER)), has unlimited growth opportunities internationally where it has three of the top 5 websites in nearly every country in the world, and has unlimited potential to develop a "personal" Google for billions of people. Yes, the Pixel 1 will be a dud, but the stock is a strong buy nonetheless.

Disclosure: I am/we are long GOOG.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Mist closes $28 million series B round led by GV  
2016-11-07
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Gives Google Search Priority To Mobile Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) subsidiary Google has revised its search engine rules so that it can prioritize mobile searches.

Google has launched an initiative called  mobile first  whose aim is to rank websites based on whether they are mobile-friendly. However, it does not mean that support for desktop sites will be thrown out the window. Google will still support desktop orientation but it plans to shift towards a mobile-based approach.

Google is also working on making sure that the changes will not have a negative impact on the responsiveness of websites. The shift will be advantageous to websites that automatically adjust to user devices. Web developers will thus have to check whether their websites are optimized to support mobile browsing.

The company did not reveal the reasons behind the decision. Nevertheless, such a move appears rather obvious considering the fact that most people use their handsets to carry out web searches and other browsing activities. It was, therefore, logical for the company to start shifting its focus towards mobile platforms. This is one of the company s strategies to keep up with the rapid development that has been taking place.

 We understand this is an important shift in our indexing and it s one we take seriously. We ll continue to carefully experiment over the coming months on a small scale and we ll ramp up this change when we re confident that we have a great user experience,  revealed Google s product manager, Doantam Phan.

The new changes mean webmasters must now make sure that the content available to desktop users is similar to that which is available for mobile users, thus the websites have to be responsive. Those using filters and those without the mobile version should work towards making sure they have mobile site support and that the content is rich and without exclusions.

Alphabet stock closed the latest trading session at $781.10.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATVI), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) DeepMind ... Demand for the use of artificial intelligence is growing by the day. It is for this reason that Activision Blizzard, Inc. (NASDAQ:ATVI) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google s DeepMind Research team will pull together their efforts in rolling out an Application Program Interface (API) to help in playing the real-time wargame Starcraft II. The tools will also provide a suitable environment for AI and machine learning researchers around the world. The researchers are confident about the artificial intelligence given that it outdid a human four times in the dazzlingly complex board game known as Go.

The nomination of Starcraft by Google researchers comes at a time when the classic computer strategy game has drawn much attraction among millions of fans. Nonetheless, the game is a representation of the progress of artificial intelligence against previous games the likes of Chess or Go.

The game will be a research platform

Starcraft s complex set of rules presents a learning environment with a reasonable amount of challenge according to Gamasutra reports. The sentiments are echoed by Ben Weber, a data science manager for Twitch who says that AI agents will also face challenges. The game involves interconnected layers of decisions. The use of incomplete information as a gameplay parameter makes the game interesting. As early as next year, the game will become a research platform for any AI researcher who wants to grow their potential.

Talking about the game in a blog post, the DeepMind team said,  It is an interesting testing environment for current AI research because it provides a useful bridge to the messiness of the real world. 

But it has its challenges and threats

The world is at the dawn of AI advancement. Nonetheless, the game has an entirely different set of difficulties. The players must manage a constantly shifting digital economy to achieve victory, which means mining minerals and gasses. They will also be required to build defensive structures and troops before engaging the enemy. The best players must take note of the happenings at their home base as well as in distant corners of the battlefield.

However, the game has a limitation that is experienced by human players. AI players will be required to make decisions about controlling the game s camera and the execution of mouse clicks. It is clearly one of the many games that can be referred to as a computerized military genius as well as being a competitive e-sports game.

Meanwhile, Google s stock closed at $781.10, for a decline of $1.09 or 0.14%

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Passive Managers Miss Gains on Facebook, Alphabet Inc., Amazon Published By: Ken Bock on November 7, 2016 09:20 am EST

Index tracked funds have been the winning formulae for investors for over two decades now, however active investors have outweighed them in recent times. The current structure of markets tends to favor the latter, as rising interest rates create more friendly conditions for active investors. In such a scenario, a rise in the interest rates towards the end of this year would mean that it is perhaps the era of active investors. The Country Caller discusses the returns of benchmark index s and individual stock s since the start of this year.

Since the beginning of 2016, the S&P 500 has thus far yielded a return of close to 5%. However, other companies such as e-commerce giant Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) have yielded double-digit returns in the same period. Thus fund managers who missed on these stocks lost a lot of value.

However, conditions were also not very friendly for active fund managers either, as they had to face a very volatile market. The recent market situation says it all, as all the major companies are down, thereby wiping out billions of dollars for investors, as the S&P 500 index experienced its longest losing streak in 36 years. Although index tracked funds are less risky, the problem for passive investors currently is that stock prices tend to move more on company related developments than following the market.

TCC believes that the current situation is beneficial for active investors, as majority of the shares are now available at lower multiples, thus maximizing the upside. There has been no change in Wall Street s views as research firms still stick to their high price targets. Going forward, only investors who invest in accordance with the developments shall benefit, while December would be a very important month for markets. Google Overhauls iOS Gmail App Alphabet Inc. s Google rolled out a complete overhaul of its Gmail app for Apple Inc. s iPhone and iPad on Monday. Now, it looks just like Gmail for Android.

The updated iOS app is easier to use and has a cleaner, more modern design than before. The biggest improvement is arguably Gmail s new found speediness. It s noticeably faster at refreshing and opening messages, thanks to under-the-hood reworking.

While this is the... Alphabet Inc.'s (GOOGL) Android Nougat Has A Hidden Partial Screenshot Feature Published By: Ken Bock on November 7, 2016 01:28 pm EST

Everyone has had the problem of taking a screenshot of something but still having to crop bits of the picture to use it further. Well, Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android Nougat will soon have a feature where you can just take a screenshot of what you want, rather than the whole screen. The feature isn t available to the public as of yet but is in the codes of the software.

We face the extra nuisance of cropping a screenshot which we took to send to a friend or a coworker, when it contains something which we don t want to share. Google has looked to give the added convenience to users through this feature in Android Nougat. Although the feature isn t public yet, users have discovered the  partial screenshot  feature code in the Nougat 7.1 Android Open Source Project (AOSP).

Reddit users have a knack of digging into things which aren t public. Carrying on the tradition, they have been going through the AOSP codeand were the first people to find the commit for the new feature. The commit describes the featured labelled as  partial screenshot  and it allows the user to choose what part of the screen they want to capture.

YouTube user, Maxr1998 posted a video demonstrating the partial feature on his Nexus 4 device, which is running on NitrogenOS (rooted). The video shows the user pressing the physical buttons on his device as one would whilst taking a screenshot. However, after pressing the buttons, the user goes on and presses and drags the screen to the specific area of which he wants to take a screenshot of. After letting go of the screen, the screenshot gets saved on the phone.

The feature is only available for devices running on Android Nougat as the previous iteration of the software, i.e. Marshmallow or below, doesn t have the specific commit written in it. There is no news of the company releasing the feature in the stock version of Android Nougat.

According to the user who discovered the feature, Mr. Wasdennnoch, the partial screenshot feature was also available in Android 7.0 s code. So, we can t be sure if the company will even bring it out for public use as it has been in the codes of the software since the introduction of Android Nougat, back in August, 2016. 
2016-03-26
Better Buy: Microsoft Corporation vs. Alphabet Inc In the world of technology companies, you'd be hard-pressed to find two giants who have stood at the top of their respective niches for as long as Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL), formerly known as Google.

With the market having experienced a bit more volatility than years' past, and with both of these stocks sitting near 10-year highs, you might think about sitting on the sidelines. But from a historical perspective, that's a mistake: Stocks go up more than they go down -- and if you're a long-term investors, you'll have to endure several volatile markets, and continue holding through several "10-year highs."

So, between these two, which is the more enticing bet? Let's examine based on three criteria.

Financial fortitude

There's nothing more fragilizing than debt. When unexpectedly tough times hit, debt can cause companies to drastically change their goals... or even declare bankruptcy. On the other hand, if a company has a lot of cash on hand, such volatile periods can actually present an opportunity -- to expand market share, make acquisitions, or even buy back stock.

Here's how the two companies stack up on traditional metrics of financial fortitude.

Cash & Equiv. Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Microsoft $102 B $45 B $11.4 B $24 B Alphabet $72 B $8 B $15.8 B $16 B

At the end of the day, each of these companies is a veritable cash machine. Google relies on its dominance of the advertising market for much of its cash, while Microsoft still benefits from its Office and Windows products and licenses for the vast bulk of its business.

Overall, I'm inclined to say that this is a tie. While Microsoft has more money on hand, it also has much more debt. And while Alphabet sports very little debt -- relative to its cash -- it didn't generate nearly as much free cash flow as Microsoft.

Winner = Tie

Sustainable competitive advantages and optionality

In my eight years of active investing, I've come to realize that there's no single metric that matters more to the success of my investments than an underlying company's sustainable competitive advantages. It is this which keeps customers coming back -- again and again -- to use the company's products.

With Microsoft, the ubiquity of both Office and Windows is undeniable. Office 365 has pulled ahead of Alphabet to gain the largest market share of enterprise customers -- though that share stands only at 25.2%. And according to netmarketshare.com, Windows accounts for 88% of desktop operating systems. The same cannot be said, however, for mobile devices, where as of the second quarter of 2015, Windows only accounted for 2.6% of operating systems.

And it is there where Google has been gaining a distinct advantage. We'll get to the company's search dominance in a minute, but consider that Alphabet's Android operating systems accounted for 83% of mobile operating systems worldwide last year, and you'll see that the slow migration to mobile devices is definitely helping Alphabet.

Beyond Android, Google has several other products with over 1 billion users: Google search, Maps, YouTube, Chrome, and Gmail... to name a few. What's key about these is that Alphabet collects gobs of data on users, and that data can then be used to offer advertisers the type of targeted ads that companies of yesteryear would have killed for.

Beyond that, Alphabet recently changed its structure to highlight its optionality. Starting with the company's Google[x] lab, Alphabet is taking a swing at many "moonshots" -- technologies that may not succeed, but if they do, will improve certain outcomes exponentially. Driverless cars, the connected house, and contact lenses that can sense insulin levels are just three examples of such technologies.

Combine this optionality with Google's 88% share of the global search market, and I think it has more competitive advantages.

Winner = Alphabet

Valuation

There are lots of ways to evaluate how pricey a stock is. Below, I'll show you how these two companies stack up on four different methods.

P/E P/FCF P/S PEG Microsoft 20 18 5 2.12 Alphabet 26 33 7 1.33

On almost every measure of valuation, Microsoft looks cheaper -- except for the last one, Price-to-Earnings-Growth. In effect, this tells us that analysts think it makes sense for Alphabet to trade hands for a premium -- because there's a higher probability for outsized growth. That growth will most likely come from the massive transition of advertising dollars from print and TV ads to desktop and mobile ones.

All things being said, however, Microsoft does look cheap. The number of businesses still using desktop computers -- and the company's operating system -- is still very high. The ubiquity of Office can't be ignored, either.

Winner = Tie

You really can't go wrong with buying either one of these stocks. Though I own shares of Alphabet myself, Microsoft has a more enticing valuation, and investors may be underestimating the strength of both Office and Windows. In addition, Microsoft offers a nice 2.7% dividend yield, while Alphabet has none.

While I give Alphabet the nod here, owning either Alphabet or Microsoft should help investors rest easy at night. Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google Street View Lets You Explore "Batman vs. Superman ... Published By: Myrna Salomon on March 26, 2016 11:03 am EST

Batman vs. Superman has met with a strange mixed reception, dividing the viewership between whether or not the film was underwhelming. However, one thing is for certain, the Batcave is a thing of beauty. It is a whole new take on the Dark Knight s hideout, and if you have not had enough of it, Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ: GOOG) Google gives you the opportunity to explore it in detail.

To explore the new Batcave, users need to keep the following steps in mind:

1. Access the Google Maps app, or visit Google Maps on your browser.

2. In the search bar, type  Bruce Wayne s residence. 

3. Select  Street View. 

After following the aforementioned steps, users will get the opportunity to extensively explore the Batcave along with the new Batmobile and the Robin costume as well. As for the Batcomputer and the Batsuit, they can be located upstairs within the subterranean base.

That being said, Google has always managed to impress when it comes to utilizing its own products and services to feature popular franchises and properties, that too in a unique way, and it does not seem to be stopping any time soon. 
2016-03-31
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Stock Chart Paints Bearish 'Pin Bar' Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock has been stuck in a narrow price range since the past few trading sessions. Such consolidation often precedes a break out in either direction. The job of any trader or investor should be to search for clues as to the direction of that impending price move.

The appearance of a bearish  pin bar  on the daily chart suggests Alphabet may be ripe for a correction after bouncing close to 10 percent from the lows of last month.

Alphabet Inc Stock Showing Signs of Exhaustion

The  pin bar  on Alphabet Inc s daily chart is indicative of bulls finally running out of steam. The pattern is extremely powerful, and has high predictive value when identified correctly. A pin bar is short for Pinocchio bar. It consists of a small real body and a long wick protruding from the body. In case of the bearish variation, the body is at or close to the low of the session, with the wick at least 3 times the size of the real body.

The significance of the latest pin bar is further enhanced by the fact that it appeared around the key resistance zone of $750. For pin-pointing entry, traders can switch to 5 minute or 15 minute charts, and go short on the break of a lower pivot low. Stop loss can be placed above the last pivot high.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Alphabet Inc Chart Points to Weakness   Top Trader

 I think Alphabet has reached overbought conditions and it s set to move lower into earnings next month,  Todd Gordon, founder of TradingAnalysis.com, told CNBC.

Looking at the daily price chart of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), Gordon notes that the formation of a  textbook  setup indicates a retracement is round the corner.

 What we had was a rally, then a step back into a higher low,  he explains.  But the key indicator that we are in a corrective rally is we got another push that was exactly the distance of the prior rally and that failed I think the downtrend is going to resume. 

To profit from the expected decline in Alphabet Inc, Gordon suggests buying a put spread   specifically the April 730/725 spread. In this bearish options strategy, an investor buys a put and then sells a lower strike price put of the same expiry to offset the cost of initiating the trade. The target is for the underlying shares to dip to the short strike, or in this case to $725 by the middle of next month.

Shares of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) ended Wednesday at $750.53. You Can Now Get the Stock Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google Dialer On Any ... Published By: Eunice Gettys on March 31, 2016 01:03 pm EST

Due to Android s fragmented nature and OEM s practice to employ custom skins to the OS, the Android experience differs highly from device to device. And it isn t just limited to the skinning of the OS. Often, manufacturer s replace Google s stock applications such as the Calendar, Dialer and Messenger with variants of their own, inhibiting users from getting the stock Android experience as intended by Google. One stock application which is sorely missed on OEM branded devices is the Google Stock Dialer.

The dialer has numerous amazing features such as an automatic speed dial, which creates a Speed dial line-up based on your current calling history. In my experience, it almost always negates the need to search for your usual contacts as all of them are already in the Speed Dial. Another great feature is the integrated search function which is linked with Google maps as well. Simply start typing in the name of a business and the dialer will search for the number and present it to you as a dial-able option. Unfortunately, custom Dialers from manufacturers such as LG and Samsung lack these features. However, thanks to the folks over at XDA Forums, you can now install the Google Stock Dialer on your Android Marshmallow 6.0 device without even the need for root. Here s how.

How To Install Stock Google Dialer on Any Android Marshmallow Device

In this tutorial, we re going to show you how to install the Google Dialer and the accompanying Contacts application on any Android device without root.

Step 1: Download the APK file for the Dialer here and Contacts here.

Step 2: Once both files are downloaded, copy them to the root of your smartphone s storage. Since you re going to be sideloading the APK files, you ll need to enable the manual installation. To do this, head on over to Settings > Security and then check  Allow installation of apps from unknown sources .

Step 3: Using a file manager application such as ES File Explorer, navigate to the root of your device s storage and install the Contacts application followed by the Dialer application.

Step 4: Once installed, you ll need to set the default calling application to Google s dialer.

And that s it. You can now enjoy all the features of Google s Stock dialer on your OEM branded device. Since this is still and early release, there s a slight chance of some errors, but the developer is hard at work to refine the app even further so we ll be updating this post with the latest releases. If you run into any issues, please let us know in the comments below. Why Google Will Not Buy Twitter Earlier on Thursday, a rumor circulated Wall Street that Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) was going to be acquired, this time by Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG). It's not the first time this idea has come up.

According to Benzinga Pro, chatter surrounding Google and Twitter appeared on January 22, 2015 and July 13, 2015, not leading to anything further.

This week's rumor has instigated a price spike in the issue and it appears to be holding the gains; Twitter shares are up about 1.6 percent on the day.

Udall: Google Has Enough Problems

One major issue with any acquisition of this magnitude is regulation.

According to Sean Udall of The Tech Strategist, Google already has enough problems with the European Union and the DOJ concerning antitrust issues. Udall added that he didn't think the company would want to bring more potential scrutiny to the inner-workings of Alphabet Inc.

The fact that both companies work together on a search engine partnership makes it easier to consider a closer relationship, he explained.

100% Premium?

Also adding skepticism to the potential deal is the 100 percent premium new rumors say Twitter will cost an acquirer. Historical standards for acquisitions of major companies since 2014 have been close to a 30 percent premium, according to Factset.

Lower Thirst For M&A

Udall went on to point out that Google has severely reduced its thirst for Internet-related issues since it acquired Doubleclick back in 2006.

According to Udall, a more suitable acquirer would be Microsoft, IBM, Oracle or Apple.

Twitter shares hit a high of $16.83 amid the rumor, after opening near $16.40.

Latest Ratings for GOOG Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Pacific Crest Reinstates Overweight Jul 2016 JP Morgan Maintains Overweight Apr 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for GOOG

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Analyst Color Technicals Intraday Update Analyst Ratings Movers Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2016-09-12
What Morgan Stanley Has to Say About Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Amid Apigee Acquisition Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is set to acquire cloud software company Apigee in an all-cash deal of $625 million, or $17.40 per share. Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak sings the praises of the tech giant in this  move to bolster its enterprise offering and developer community. 

As such, Nowak reiterates an Overweight rating on shares of GOOGL with an $880 price target, which represents a nearly 12% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

From the analyst s perspective, the acquisition continues Alphabet s further strides in beefing up its cloud offering in GCP, on the heels of bringing Diane Green to the team in November 2015 to take charge in cloud business, along with Tariq Shaukat in May 2016 to direct enterprise sales.

 We believe GOOGL will be able to benefit from APIC s API management technology which is deployed in many enterprise accounts and should bolster its enterprise offering. GOOGL gains a backdoor to managing critical back-end systems of APIC s major enterprise customers which also progresses GCP s hybrid cloud value proposition. Furthermore, APIC s bring access to a well-established developer community (~200k developers) which may translate to increased GCP adoption and innovation. Given the importance the developer community has played in AWS s success, this acquisition could help GCP s competitive position in the enterprise cloud space,  he concludes.

For Nowak, Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) are the future in unlocking the ultimate digital evolution for the enterprise, and considering Apigee already has a heavyweight head count of customers, including Walgreens, AT&T, Expedia, and SAP, this acquisition could prove to be an important, savvy step for GOOGL.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Brian Nowak is ranked#360 out of 4,124 analysts. Nowak has a 66% success rate and realizes 6.7% in his annual returns. When recommending GOOGL, Nowak yields 13.6% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 32 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 31 rate a Buy on GOOGL, while 1 maintains a Hold. The consensus price target stands at $942.85, marking just under a 20% upside from where the shares last closed. YouTube Is Over Party About 2 weeks ago, there was a hashtag trending on Twitter - #YouTubeIsOverParty - which had over 100,000 tweets. Along with this, many of the top YouTubers made videos on the topic. Hence, it became a major event. For those who aren't familiar with the topic, I will explain what happened and what the takeaway is for investors in Alphabet (GOOGL, GOOG). I've watched many of the videos YouTubers have made on the topic, reviewed the terms and conditions for YouTube, and have personally experienced results relating to the event on my own small finance YouTube channel.

The #YouTubeIsOverParty was caused by a sudden demonetization of YouTube videos. This means the impacted videos were no longer able to make money from ads. For content creators who have a lot of subscribers, YouTube is their job, so this impact to their earnings is serious business. The amount of money creators make on the ads as a percentage of their total income varies, but for most it is a substantial percentage. Unfortunately for YouTube, if any of its creators get a pay cut, they have a massive audience to complain to. For most companies, a change of their service won't become a trend online, but for YouTube, any change is a major story.

The percentage of videos demonetized varies for different YouTubers depending on what type of content they produce. According to the YouTuber GradeAUnderA, for most YouTubers less than 1% of their videos were demonetized, but more controversial channels lost 10% to 15% of their videos' monetization.

The reason for this demonetization has to do with videos being advertiser-friendly. This is important for YouTube, because if it doesn't limit some content from being advertised upon, advertisers can pull all of the money they spend on YouTube. It only takes one controversial video to hurt an advertiser's business. For YouTube, it makes sense to "shoot first and ask questions later" by demonetizing any potentially controversial videos.

The way YouTube follows through on this skepticism surrounding potentially controversial content is by using an algorithm which scans keywords and titles in videos for terms which would signal the video needs to be demonetized. This policy has been in place for a while, but YouTube just began notifying the content creators, so it came as a shock to some to see this happening. It is tough to determine if there was a change to the algorithm along with the start of notifying more creators that their video was demonetized. This may have happened because there was a burst of demonetized videos.

From what I have heard, there has already been controversial videos which had extremely low CPMs (cost per thousand - an advertising metric which determines the amount of money made per ad view) on their videos. The videos were blacklisted. When this occurred, YouTubers were in the dark about why they didn't make much money. This new policy of telling the creators was actually a great change, because after the creator is notified of a change, he/she can appeal the decision.

This process happened to one of my videos. I made a video on Valeant (NYSE:VRX) stock, which was demonetized about 5 months ago. I appealed the decision, and the video was allowed to be monetized once again. I had no idea why this happened at the time. When this recent story broke, I checked the tags in the video. Because I put "drugs" as a tag, it caused the algorithm to automatically demonetize the video. When a person reviewed the video, they probably recognized the video wasn't about illegal drugs and corrected the error. Therefore, a suggestion for YouTubers would be to avoid using controversial tags and titles.

As you noticed, YouTubers like myself have recognized this problem by analyzing the situation. It shouldn't be this way. YouTube should be more explicit in its terms and conditions to explain the changes to creators. This is my only gripe with YouTube. It is tough to explain to such a wide swath of people about the changes, but it needs to do a better job of this. Right now, there is no competitor which can take business from YouTube, but considering it has been a long-term trend for YouTube to be vague with its policies, this could inspire a formidable start-up competitor in the future to emerge. It is clear YouTube should want to satisfy its creators; they have made the platform what it is today.

The biggest recent example of where YouTube hasn't been clear to its creators is also related to this story. This is example is the recent changes to its terms and conditions. As YouTube grows and gains more advertisers, it has to become more appealing to them. This means the direction will always be towards restricting content. The goal for YouTube is to restrict as much of the controversial content as possible without censoring any creators.

The accusation of YouTube censoring content refers to the last bullet point below. YouTube is a great place to discuss political news. Controversial topics are inherent in any political debate. Because of this, it should consider having a special category for advertisers who want to run ads in front of these videos. I think there is already a category for blacklisted content, because an extremely low CPM would indicate this classification exists. However, it wouldn't be fair to have a discussion of natural disaster be blacklisted so harshly. These topics need to be discussed. YouTube needs to be a place which encourages free expression for it to maintain the long-term dominance it currently has in the online video category.

What This Means To Investors

The biggest takeaway investors should have is that the #YouTubeIsOverParty doesn't mean YouTube is going anywhere. In fact, the changes YouTube made are a positive, because it means it is working to satisfy advertisers' needs. They are the stakeholders that keep the business afloat. YouTube needs to do a better job of explaining this to top creators, to avoid each change turning into a trending topic on social media. If it doesn't do a better job of explaining changes, I expect another #YouTubeIsOverParty to happen in the future. As I said, YouTube isn't going anywhere in the near future, but it doesn't want these hashtags to trend often.

Besides improving its explanation of changes to the terms of service, YouTube also needs to show it is against censorship by providing examples of what is and isn't ok. In these examples, the promotion of free expression needs to be emphasized. It casts a bad light on the entire website if talking about certain issues which are commonly referred to by commentators become disallowed. The final issue YouTube needs to continually improve on is balance between "free use" and copyright complaints. This is because some people abuse the system by striking down a video which casts them in a bad light, even if there is no justification for a copyright strike.

YouTube probably will continue to be successful as the leading platform to share videos, but that doesn't mean investors should ignore any problems which pop up. A great investor investigates every possible issue which can cause the firm they are researching to go "off the rails."

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Google Battles Diabetes Welcome to the Diabetic issue of M&A Daily

Google

Alphabet's (GOOG/GOOGL) Google and Sanofi (NYSE:SNY) are forming a JV to fight diabetes. The deal combines Google's expertise in software and miniature electronics with Sanofi's expertise in treatment.

Potash

Agrium (NYSE:AGU) and Potash (NYSE:POT) are merging in a $16 billion stock deal. POT holders get 0.40 shares of the new company; AGU holders get 2.23. Agrium is working with Barclays (NYSE:BCS); Potash is working with Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) and Royal Bank of Canada (NYSE:RY). Both are working with Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS).

Raptor

Horizon (NASDAQ:HZNP) is buying Raptor (NASDAQ:RPTP) in a $800 million cash deal. RPTP holders get $9 per share. The target is up over 60% since it was first disclosed on M&A Daily. The buyer is working with Citi (NYSE:C), along with Bank of America (BAC), JPMorgan (NYSE:JPM), Jefferies and Cowen (NASDAQ:COWN).

NetSuite

Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) extended the tender for NetSuite (NYSE:N) until October 6 to secure antitrust approvals.

Linde

Praxair (NYSE:PX) merger discussions with Linde (OTCPK:LNEGY) failed.

Perrigo

Starboard has taken a 4.6% stake in Perrigo (NASDAQ:PRGO). The firm sent a letter to the company saying that Perrigo should explore options including divesting non-core assets (no one ever says when they buy non-core assets).

Rackspace

Today is the HSR filing deadline for the Apollo (NYSE:APO) acquisition of Rackspace (NYSE:RAX).

USMD

The definitive information statement has been filed for the WellMed acquisition of USMD (NASDAQ:USMD).

Lexmark

Apex is in talks with private equity about selling the Lexmark (NYSE:LXK) software division, which should help their CFIUS review. The $4.80 arb spread offers a 42% IRR if the deal closes by yearend.

tronc

tronc (NASDAQ:TRNC) is in discussions over the Gannett (NYSE:GCI) $673 million takeover bid. The companies are discussing an offer made by Gannett of $18.50 per share. More to come in future editions of M&A Daily 

Elsewhere on Seeking Alpha

Done deal(s)

OSI (NASDAQ:OSIS) closed its AS&E (NASDAQ:ASEI) deal.

Next Steps

What do you think of M&A Daily?

Feedback? Please comment below.

Hate it? Find the unfollow button and cease your suffering.

Like it, please follow me on SA.

Love it, please join StW.

Disclosure: I am/we are long LXK, TRNC.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Chris DeMuth Jr and Andrew Walker are portfolio managers at Rangeley Capital. We invest with a margin of safety by buying securities at discounts to their intrinsic value and unlocking that value through corporate events. To maximize returns for our investors, we reserve the right to make investment decisions regarding any security without notification except where notification is required by law. We manage diversified portfolios with a multi-year time horizon. Positions disclosed in articles may vary in sizing, hedges, and place within the capital structure. Disclosed ideas are related to a specific price, value, and time. If any of these attributes change, then the position might change (and probably will).

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. Here's How Apigee Corporation (APIC) Could Benefit Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) On Friday, Morgan Stanley weighed in on Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) soon after the company announced to acquire Apigee Corporation (NASDAQ:APIC) for $17.40 per share. The deal valued at an all cash offer of $625 million represents a 21 percent premium to the unaffected stock price on August 16. The firm has maintained an Overweight rating and a price target of $880 on Alphabet stock, which reflects an upside potential of 11.6% over the last close of $788.48.

According to the management s provided outlook, Apigee was only a few quarters away from cash flow break even. Noting which, the firm said,  from a valuation perspective the offer represents 5.3x/4.1x CY16e/CY17e revenue, respectively, based on our estimates. Factoring in recurring revenue, the purchase price represents 10.9x/7.4x CY16e/CY17e recurring revenue. 

 Upon closing of the deal, which is expected at the end of 2016, Apigee would be the latest in a series of acquisitions of pure-play API management vendors,  wrote the firm in its recently issued research note. According to Morgan Stanely, the Apigee acquisition makes it evident that Alphabet is continuously working to build out its cloud platform following the hire of Tariq Shaukat to lead enterprise sales and Diane Greene to lead cloud business.

According to the firm, the Apigee acquisition would benefit Alphabet highly as Apigee s API management technology is deployed in various enterprise accounts. The firm believes Alphabet would enhance Apigee s enterprise offering. Furthermore, APIC s access to the gigantic community of developers may help in increasing GCP s innovation and adoption. The developer community has played a vital role in the success of Amazon Web Services. Hence the firm believes this acquisition could help GCP to achieve a better position than competitors in the enterprise cloud space.

In relation to the proposed deal, Morgan Stanley is the financial advisor to Apigee Corp. The transaction announced on September 08, awaits approval of the Apigee shareholders, customary closing conditions and applicable regulators. 
2016-10-03
Alphabet: Pixel Phones Punctuate Its AI Strategy Bell Canada posted pre-order pages for Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Pixel Phones yesterday. This leak was two days ahead of the October 4 event of Google. Vendors at Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) are also already selling cases for the Pixel and Pixel XL phones. Just like how Google renamed itself to Alphabet, Pixel is the new official brand that replaces the old Nexus trademark of Google's Android phones.

Bell Canada's pre-order page revealed a white Google Pixel and a black Google Pixel Plus. Pixel was also the brand name snapped on Alphabet's first Android laptop product last year. The next 'Nexus' tablet from Huawei might also be the rumored Pixel 3 hybrid laptop/tablet device.

(Source: Bell.ca)

Alphabet is now unifying compute products under a single brand. Pixel is obviously Alphabet's answer to Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) high-end Surface brand of tablet/laptops and upcoming phones.

Pixel Phones Are Important To Google's Artificial Intelligence Strategy

There are economic benefits from selling$650++ Pixel phones. The people who will buy them (most probably affluent) are also going to be good customers of the Google Play Store. However, my long-term forecast is that Pixel phones are tools that could help Google grow its commercial Artificial Intelligence (AI) services. The Pixel phones are going to share spotlight with Google's answer to Amazon's Alexa Echo device on October 4.

Going forward, people are not going to carry around smart home assistants/wireless speakers. Pixel phones are therefore Alphabet's most important consumer hardware products for this year. The Pixel phones' significance to Alphabet's Artificial Intelligence efforts is best explained by KPCB's chart below. In America, 65% of smartphone owners use Voice Assistants. In the future, search engine queries and entertainment requests are going to be mostly done through voice commands.

The Pixel smartphone's small size makes it a great consumer tool could that service the needs of Voice Assistant-using people.

(Source: KPCB)

Amazon already sold more than 4 million Echo speakers but it also recognized that product's limited portability. Amazon therefore enabled its cloud-based Alexa Voice Assistant in its latest Fire HD 8 Android tablet. Maybe in the near future, Amazon will come up with an Alexa Voice-powered smartphone too. Amazon could just rebrand some its Prime-exclusive Android phones to come up with its own brand of Alexa-powered smartphones.

Google has compelling reasons to make sure that people do not rely too much on Alexa for their online search queries. Alphabet wants people to continue relying on Voice Assistant-powered Android smartphones and tablets to search for information and entertainment content.

Yes, Alphabet's search engine business and Cloud ML are platform and device-agnostic. However, due to differences on how third-party firms design their Android devices, Alphabet needs to build and sell its own phone products. Only Made-by-Google phones (not polluted by third-party UI or apps) could properly be optimized for Alphabet's commercial Cloud Machine Learning (Cloud ML) Platform.

Alphabet is charging fees from people and enterprises who will use its Cloud ML services. It makes sense for Alphabet to also try making money by selling Pixel phones to customers who will use its AI services. Due to having stock OS and apps, Pixel phones are going to provide faster Voice Assistant experience to users.

(Source: google.com)

Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) is the biggest vendor of Android phones. However, Samsung Android phones are pre-installed with TouchWiz User Interface and third-party apps that tend to compete with Alphabet's own apps. Yes, Alphabet is very strict about OEM's pre-installing apps on their Android devices. However, the struggling existence of the Android One project (which aims to disseminate pure Android OS handsets) says OEMs have economic interests in pre-installing their own apps and services on Android devices they produce.

Samsung also has its own cloud machine learning platform called ARTIK. Due to the self-serving interests of Android device makers like Samsung, there is no guarantee that Samsung Android phone owners will be automatically herded toward Google's Cloud ML platform and services.

Stock Android Pixel phones are Google's showcase products to demonstrate its advances in Machine Speech Recognition and Language Translation. Real-time machine speech recognition is a resources-hog task that gets slowed-down when a Samsung or a Huawei phone gets too many custom third-party apps that are running in the background.

People are still not going to be happy with Google's guarantee of 90% speech recognition accuracy if it comes with delayed processing time. AI-enhanced bots in-charged of Customer Relations Management (CRM) are going to frustrate people when the Natural Language Processing interaction with them is slow.

(Source: KPCB)

There's big money to be made from cloud-based Natural Language Processing (NLP) services. Tractica predicts that the Artificial Intelligence services industry is predicted to grow from $643.7 million to $36.8 billion by 2025. Alphabet is just one of many firms that have been doing M&A of Artificial Intelligence companies. Alphabet's most recent acquisition of Api.ai enhances its reach into commercial products involving bot-powered natural language processing, speech recognition, and conversation management.

Conclusion

Pixel phones and the Google Home speaker/smart assistant are Alphabet's early-bird attempts to quickly lead in the small but growing AI services industry. I am very enthusiastic over Pixel phones because they are more portable gadgets for smart Voice Assistant apps like Google Assistant. Alphabet may no longer catch-up with Amazon's big lead in cloud infrastructure services. However, I see Alphabet becoming one of the top leader in the still nascent but fast-growing AI services.

I have a Buy recommendation for Alphabet's stock. Artificial Intelligence services are good expansion products that can help Alphabet rely grow beyond its digital advertising comfort zone. Pixel Android smartphones are no longer mere personal-data gathering tools for Alphabet's search engine and advertising businesses. They could become every day tools which help people optimize their daily tasks using Alphabet's AI platform.

The shift toward marketing high-end phones with price tags above $600 is also commendable. This is a big change from Alphabet's old practice of selling sub-$500 Nexus phones. Alphabet has probably decided that it has better chances in competing against the high-end phones of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Samsung . Sub-$500 Nexus phones apparently had a hard time competing against the $300-$400 high-end Android phones of Xiaomi, OnePlus, Lenovo, Huawei, Acer, and Oppo. Downside Protection For Alphabet After Its Wedbush Downgrade  Analysts Weigh in on Two Stock Giants: Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA), Alphabet Inc ... U.S. stocks started the fourth quarter on a weak note following a mixed batch of economic data and amid crude oil s ongoing resurgence. Among the equities in focus on Smarter Analyst today are electric car giant Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) and Google parent Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Let s take a closer look:

Tesla Motors Inc

As Tesla hopes to acquire SolarCity (NASDAQ:SCTY), Oppenheimer analyst Colin Rusch believes that although the deal has good odds to still go through, the timeline could face a bump in the road. Specifically, Rush notes the SEC review process will likely face a delay in the midst of pending litigation, due to a recent SCTY installation fire from March 19 under investigation as well as the  incremental risk  of an IP lawsuit, filed by SPWR and Khosla Ventures against SCTY for stealing IP to create a solar roof shingle product.

The analyst contends,  The date of record for the shareholder vote is set, but note that adjustments to the S4 have focused on board indemnification, and we expect the recent lawsuit from SunPower and Khosla Ventures to also be included in another amendment.  Rusch adds,  We believe extension to the timeline is likely to work against the deal given the risk of ongoing collaboration to trigger gun-jumping rules even with relief from SCTY s immediate financial pressure due to two asset deals and strong TSLA deliveries of 24.5K in 3Q16 (vs. consensus at 22K-23K) supporting bullish arguments. 

From the analyst s perspective, when the electric car giant initially raised capital back in May of 2016, a lot of investors were under the impression the SCTY acquisition was already in the works, which Rusch believes is  evidenced  by the various lawsuits that already had been filed.

 While it s difficult to handicap, we believe ongoing litigation signals the risk that additional damaging information may become public,  Rusch concludes.

As such, Rusch reiterates a Perform rating on shares of TSLA without listing a price target.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, four-star analyst Colin Rusch is ranked #562 out of 4,197 analysts. Rusch has a 46% success rate and realizes 7.4% in his annual returns. When recommending TSLA, Rusch garners 88.9% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit TSLA as a Hold. Based on 13 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 3 rate a Buy on TSLA, 6 maintain a Hold, while 4 issue a Sell. The 12-month price target stands at $222.33, marking a nearly 5% upside from where the shares last closed.

Alphabet Inc

Alphabet s senior vice president of Google Cloud and former VMware CEO Diane Greene announced a total  Google Cloud  reorganization of all its cloud-based products, technology, and services. The package includes Google Cloud Platform, G Suite (once called Google Apps for Work), Machine Learning tools and APIs, the enterprise maps APIs, and Android phones, tablets, and Chromebooks that access the cloud.

Additionally, Alphabet Inc is introducing a new customer engagement model called Customer Reliability Engineering, where Google engineers and a customer s operations team will integrate to shoulder critical cloud applications responsibilities.

As Alphabet makes steps to continue its cloud brand and portfolio growth with an approach focused on consumers, Merrill Lynch top analyst Justin Post reiterates a Buy rating on GOOGL with a $960 price target, which represents a 19% increase from where the shares last closed.

The analyst believes,  We view today s announcements as a clear message that Google remains committed to the cloud. While total revenue contributions today are relatively small, we see potential for the segment to grow to $7bn over the next four years. In the meantime, our recent ad spend checks suggest the mobile cycle remains strong and only moderate y/y revenue deceleration in 3Q, which we think is in line to slightly better than expectations. 

 Looking out six months from now, we think sentiment can improve as we estimate Google will still be growing Website revenue around 19% and the Street will likely be looking forward to easier comps,  Post concludes.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, top five-star analyst Justin Post has achieved a high ranking of #15 out of 4,197 analysts. Post upholds a 77% success rate and gains 19.9% in his yearly returns. When recommending GOOGL, Post realizes 25.5% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 32 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 31 rate a Buy on GOOGL, while 1 issues a Sell. The consensus price target stands at $943.36, marking a 17% upside from where the stock is currently trading. 3 Big Stock Charts: Alphabet Inc (GOOG), Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) and Tesla ... Stocks spent the day surging higher on Friday as Deutsche Bank AG (USA) (NYSE: DB ) shares led an end-of-quarter rally on relatively average volume, considering that there was some  windows dressing  going on. This morning s headlines are rich with trading fodder for both the bulls and the bears as the market heads into what is likely to be another volatile ride.

Today s Three Big Stock Charts focuses on three stocks in that are currently in the news. For the bulls, we ll take a look at Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) and then two stocks for the bears, Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE: WFC ) and Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA ).

Alphabet Inc (GOOG)

All of the attention of the technology sector is placed on Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) as it pushes to new all-time highs: the company is up more than 23% for the year and isn t running out of steam. Of course, shares of Alphabet are also moving towards new high territory and no one is paying any attention   something we like to see.

GOOG shares have been consolidating at the $775 level since August and have held some relative strength against the rest of the market. The consolidation has allowed Alphabet s 50-day moving average to slip under current prices and provide potential support.

This consolidation has also resulted in the momentum indicators turning positive on GOOG shares at the same time that the RSI readings are firmly entrenched in the middle of their range. This suggests to traders that they may have a technical value play in Alphabet shares for the short-term.

Finally, GOOG will offer its earnings results on Oct. 27. Recent trends have seen Alphabet shares rally into the earnings announcement and a similar scenario this month could lead to a  buy the rumor  situation, as the company s last report was a positive catalyst for GOOG shares.

Wells Fargo & Co (WFC)

This will be the second time in a week that we ve covered Wells Fargo stock, but from the technical perspective, it is worthy of the coverage. Two weeks ago, we drew a line in the sand at the $45 level as the company s CEO was preparing to testify to Congress. We pointed out that WFC shares were ripe for a  dead cat bounce  and that s exactly what the market saw as Wells Fargo traded back up to $47.

Now, WFC shares have fallen back into the hands of the sellers as they reversed at $47 and have now broken key support at $45. One potential catalyst for the next step lower is the fact that we ve only seen one downgrade from analysts on Wells Fargo stock in the last three months. Given the continued headline risk, it is likely that we will see some analysts reassess their outlooks and potentially lower ratings.

WFC stock s next target to the downside is $40, which offers support from being a round number along with historical chart support as well.

Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA)

Tesla is in the news today after news that its deliveries were much higher than expected. TSLA shares opened above $210, higher by 4%. Tesla stock has turned into a favorite for the traders, which means that they have become more sensitive to the technicals and less sensitive to fundamentals.

The technicals show some serious overhead resistance for TSLA at the $215 level. Currently, this price marks the confluence of Tesla s 50- and 200-day moving averages, which are both trending lower. The combination of these bearish trendlines at the $215 mark should signal an opportunity for those that have been trading the stock s range to close-out profits and potentially take short positions.

Finally, a look at the price channels for TSLA shares shows that the channel that has developed since the April highs intersects with the trendline resistance at $215, putting even more potential pressure on Tesla shares to recede from this price. For now, the bears look to be in charge of TSLA stock, despite the positive news.

As of this writing, Johnson Research Group did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Google enters crowded Twitter fray.  GOOG Stock: Why Alphabet Inc Is in the Limelight By Mukta Samtani Published : October 3, 2016

Alphabet Inc Moves To The Next Level 

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) hit the headlines when GOOGL stock touched its 52-week high of $819.06. The company, otherwise known as Google, also rebranded its cloud business as  Google Cloud  and its  Google Apps  as  G Suite  to celebrate one billion active cloud users.

With the Internet full of leaked pictures of Google s upcoming  Pixel  smartphone, expectations are high for the company s October 4 event. However, Alphabet Inc is targeting something bigger through this event, which would determine whether Google stock can cross its high level and go on to make new highs.

Google is expected to unveil its  Google Home  device tomorrow. It is a small speaker with microphones that respond to voice commands and carry out tasks like playing favorite music or working with Google services.

Google Home is powered by  Google Assistant,  Google s smart digital assistant which uses artificial intelligence (AI) to understand queries and come up with the most accurate responses. Management has tried to build this capability into its messaging app  Google Allo  and into Alphabet Inc s upcoming smartphones and tablets. (Source:  Google, Lagging Amazon, Races Across the Threshold Into The Home,  The New York Times, October 2, 2016.)

Google has been trying for a long time to create a virtual assistant that would respond to searches and commands with greater precision. Google Assistant becomes more and more intelligent as it gets to know the user better.

This is not only to compete with Amazon.com, Inc s (NASDAQ:AMZN)  Amazon Echo  that is powered by  Alexa.  It is also about Google s plan to get its AI feature into customers  daily lives. The more the company gets involved in people s lives, the bigger potential it has for its advertising business, which means bigger gains for Google stock.

As the dominant search engine, this is something that was the next natural step for Google. Instead of having to type questions into an Internet search field, users will be able to simply speak to Google Assistant, which uses AI to generate answers. The potential for this capability is huge. And the biggest gains are likely to go to GOOGL stock.

Moreover. Google is the leader in natural language processing, which means the company s technological ability to turn spoken words into something that computers can easily understand is unparalleled. That cannot be said about Amazon.com or Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL).

As the company moves from offering a traditional search bar to building an all-pervasive and all-knowing smart digital assistant, current and potential Google stock investors should be looking at the features and pricing of the new Google Home device. If Alphabet Inc can come up with a smarter digital assistant with superior search capability, at a competitive price, the company will have a winner in its hand. This would likely give a huge boost to GOOGL stock. 
2016-02-18
Microsoft Corp. or Alphabet Inc: Which Offers the Best Value? For all the wrong reasons, the stocks prices of both Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) have come under pressure in recent days. Following their respective earnings reports, it appeared investors were duly impressed with both tech behemoths, but now global market conditions have taken a toll.

Microsoft closed up more than $3 a share, to $55.09, the day after releasing quarterly earnings news on Jan. 28. Alphabet's Class C stock gained $12.65 a share after it announced fourth-quarter results on Feb. 1, climbing to $764.65. And that rise came on top of the jump it took in the days leading up to the earnings release: It had been sitting at $699.99 on Jan. 27. However, the past week or so has been unkind to Alphabet and Microsoft, which is great news for value investors.

The case for Alphabet

Alphabet ended its fourth quarter with $21.33 billion in sales, an 18% improvement from a year before. That also compares impressively to Q4 2014 in another way. That quarter, Alphabet reported year-over-year sales growth of "only" 15%. Given its size, the end of 2014 was nothing to sneeze at. Yet not only has Alphabet's upward momentum continued, sales are actually growing faster than they were a year ago.

Based on estimates, Alphabet is positioned for continued growth in 2016. As the undisputed digital advertising leader, Alphabet stands to benefit the most as more brands shift more of their marketing budgets online. One study suggests that on a global basis, digital spots are expected to grow more than 17% this year to nearly $160 billion. And it gets better.

For the first time ever, worldwide digital ad spend is projected to exceed the outlay for TV spots by next year. To put that in perspective, over $500 billion will be spent on ads this year, and it won't be long until folks like Alphabet are grabbing the lion's share of that total. Alphabet doesn't break out specifics, but CFO Ruth Porat did say that mobile and YouTube were two key drivers of last year's success, which also bodes well.

Of all those dollars spent on digital ads across the globe, over $100 billion will target mobile users in 2016, according to eMarketer estimates. And with the proliferation of video spots also on the uptick, Alphabet's ridiculously popular YouTube will continue to grow.

The case for Microsoft

Microsoft is also leading the way in one of the world's fastest-growing markets: the cloud. Not only does its Azure platform address the opportunity cloud infrastructure represents, even more importantly, it's the basis for Microsoft's Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) products, including its flagship Office 365 and Dynamics CRM (customer relationship management).

As quickly as the cloud platform market is growing -- one forecast calls for nearly 20% annual growth to $43 billion in sales by 2018 -- SaaS cloud revenue is estimated to climb to over $68 billion in two years. Last quarter's more than $9.4 billion annual run rate of commercial cloud revenue already puts Microsoft at or near the top of the provider list.

The record-breaking adoption rate of Windows 10, which has been installed on over 200 million devices, is boosting other key areas. Dynamics CRM revenue climbed by double-digits again last quarter, and the number of users more than doubled for the fifth straight quarter. All those devices running Windows 10 also helped boost Bing search revenue -- again -- by 21%.

Detachable tablets, according to IDC, are one of the few growing device markets, which suits Microsoft's Surface Pro line-up perfectly. CEO Satya Nadella isn't sharing sales specifics, but Surface revenue climbed 29% last quarter, after accounting for currency headwinds. Based on IDC's data and all the buzz surrounding Surface and Surface-like pseudo-tablets, Microsoft seems to be on to something.

From purely a growth perspective, Alphabet's upside due to its dominant position in the fast-growing digital ad space, its improved mobile solutions, and its wildly popular YouTube gives it the edge. Considering its average price target of $924.42, analysts seem to agree.

More conservative investors shouldn't discount Microsoft's nearly 3% dividend yield on top of its more modest, though still legitimate, upside. But overall, the for value, Alphabet's current share price around $685 -- give or take -- is woefully cheap, moving it to the head of the class. Alphabet Inc   Is Google Stock (GOOGL) Saddled With a $3.75B Mistake in Nest? Nest   the Alphabet Inc ( GOOGL, GOOG ) company that builds smart thermostats   might have a management problem.

A recent report from Business Insider notes that founder and CEO Tony Fadell was not only disliked by his staff, but was feared as well, and that  sitting near Fadell s office meant hearing a constant barrage of shouting. 

Employees are leaving the company, and only about half would recommend working there to a friend. If management doesn t get it together, Nest could experience a brain drain as top talent leaves for a better work environment. And Nest needs that talent.

After GOOGL released its segmented results, Google stock investors were disappointed with the lack of profitability and revenue from Alphabet s Other Bets.

Nest is one of the more mature businesses in the segment. With talent leaving and revenue disappointing, Google stock investors may be wondering if the company wasted money on Nest.

Talent Leaving the Nest

Alphabet acquired Nest in 2014 for $3.2 billion, and management s track record has been littered with warning signs since the takeover. Management has fostered a culture where it s always  crunch time,  according to ex-employees. Shortly after Nest acquired Dropcam for $555 million, both founders of the security camera company left. Now Fadell has just a 70% approval rating on anonymous data-sharing site Glassdoor.

Comparatively, 97% of employees approve of sister company Google CEO Sundar Pichai, and 91% of Google employees say they would recommend working at Google to a friend (if they can get a job there). Apparently, the Google company culture has not rubbed off on Nest.

As a result, Nest Labs faces a much higher risk of losing talent. The company is still working on expanding its product portfolio. It currently sells its flagship thermostat, a smoke detector and the Dropcam security cameras.

Eventually, Alphabet wants Nest to produce any and all connected devices in consumers  homes. As such, it needs to be fostering talent, not driving it away.

Disappointing Results for GOOGL

It s unclear if Fadell s management capabilities have led to disappointing results, but the company s revenue came in well below expectations when GOOGL reported its fourth-quarter earnings.

Analysts estimated Nest generated around $300 million in 2014. In 2015, the entire  Other Bets  segment produced just $448 million in revenue   just 37% year-over-year growth. More importantly, the operating loss from Other Bets totalled $3.6 billion   about 15% of Google s operating income, but negative.

That loss nearly doubled YoY in 2015 after nearly quadrupling the year before. And Alphabet is funnelling huge amounts of R&D, capex and marketing dollars into its Other Bets and it s not seeing any payoff.

Analyst Jan Dawson of JackDaw research even went as far as saying  The prospects for Nest and Fiber as revenue generators and profitable businesses are not great,  after Alphabet released its first look at the Other Bets segment.

There is a chance for Nest to accelerate its revenue growth, however, as smart home adoption is still in its early stages.

The problem is more competitors crop up every year, meaning that Nest needs to continue innovating and attracting top talent. Management isn t doing a good job at either right now, and that should concern GOOGL investors.

As of this writing, Adam Levy did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) in Race With Amazon.com (AMZN) to Get Fresh Groceries to ... On Wednesday, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) announced that it will soon be delivering fresh groceries in Los Angeles and San Francisco. The decision forms part of the search giant s expansion of Google Express, a unit of Google that already conveys dry foods and other stock to consumers. This new venture would also place Google in more direct competition with Amazon Fresh, a division of Web giant Amazon(NASDAQ:AMZN) that has long been delivering fresh foods on demand.

Google Express now gets groceries to your door

Google says it will partner with Costco, Whole Foods and a range of other entities operating in Los Angeles and San Francisco. This will help enhance the delivery of its new service. Though the news barely comes as a surprise for most. For some time now, Google has been rumored to be making a jump into the same-day delivery of fresh groceries and other perishables. The decision was only officially confirmed on Wednesday this week.

The new service is hardly one that is revolutionary either, but the demand for fresh food deliveries to homes and businesses has grown vastly in recent years. It is especially large in the two cities where Google will offer the service.

Online shopping is an $11 billion business in the U.S. It also holds a projected growth rate of 9.6 percent per year. It is a high-risk industry though, with relatively thin profit margins too. It is Web giants like Amazon.com(NASDAQ:AMZN) and Google(NASDAQ:GOOGL), which have a great influence and reach, that stand to make the most from getting into online deliveries.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Rivals feel the heat from Google

Besides Amazon Fresh, a number of other rivals will likely feel the heat of the added competition from Google Express once the service takes off. Online grocery delivery services like FreshDirect, Safeway and Instacart could feel as though their belts have been tightened due to Google s ability to offer competitive rates for its services. Google also cuts costs by partnering with other fresh food companies instead holding stock in costly warehouses.

Non-Google Express members can make orders from $4.99 depending on the desired speed of delivery. A year membership will set you back $95 with fees staring at $2.99 per order. Orders should also be more than $35 per order for Google Express members.

For comparative purposes, an Amazon Fresh membership costs $299 per year. Instacart charges $149 annually with $5.99 per delivery for non-members and free two-hour deliveries for orders above $35. Already, Google(NASDAQ:GOOGL) Express s $95 fees stands out as a better bargain. Opinion: 10 of Google's smartest and wildest new projects Most people know Google as the world s most widely used search engine. (It handles more than 3 billion searches a day.)

But Google Search, although revolutionary when it was released, is just one of many projects launched by the Mountain View, Calif.-based company.

The thing that separates Google from other giant technology companies is the sheer number of projects it s involved in. They range from Internet-broadcasting balloons to self-driving cars, and they re the main reason Google underwent a major reorganization last year, when it became a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -0.09% along with quite a few other companies tied to it. This helped Google to focus more on the Internet-service business, while providing a greater autonomy to the other companies (now owned by Alphabet). That enables Alphabet to fully concentrate on weird, wonderful and amazing projects we ll talk about in this article.

Liftware.com

The Liftware spoon

This spoon enables patients who suffer from tremors (such as Parkinson s) to eat food without spills. It s essentially a stabilizer that reduces the tremor by making a series of counter-motions relative to the hand. This means that if a hand moves up, a stabilizer will move the spoon down, thus keeping it in place. It reduces the tremor-induced movement by an average of 76%. Lift Lab, which designed the Liftware spoon, was acquired by Google in 2014 and is now owned by Alphabet under the Google X subsidiary.

Google Genomics

Yet another project run by Google X, Google Genomics enables scientists and researchers to store, search and run virtual simulations on vast amount of data   namely, millions of genomes. Stored data can be manipulated by using the same technologies that power Google Search and Maps, making Google Genomics a robust scientific tool, capable of exploring and sharing large, complex sets of information.

Calico.com

Longevity

Although it s not named as such, longevity is one of the primary concerns and efforts of Calico, which is short for California Life Co., owned by Alphabet. Calico has licensed various experimental drug compounds, as well as announced extensive collaborations focused on the biology of aging and therapeutic approaches to aging-related diseases.

bestfoto77/Shutterstock

Google DeepMind

What separates DeepMind from other artificial-intelligence systems is the way its algorithms are built. Instead of focusing on a single task, DeepMind s algorithms are general, allowing it to perform well across a variety of tasks straight out of the box. This unique ability enabled it to learn on its own how to play and win Atari 2600 games, navigate a 3D maze and, in January, for the very first time win against a human in a complex game of Go. DeepMind was acquired by Google in early 2014. It was Google s largest European acquisition to date.

Project Soli

While the majority of human-device interactions pivot around using peripherals such as a mouse, a keyboard or a touchscreen interface, Project Soli by ATAP (Advanced Technology And Projects, a Google-owned company) goes in a totally different direction: It s using radar to detect minute hand and finger movements, which could then be used to manipulate real devices, or even allow an unprecedented level of interaction in virtual environments. The main idea behind the project is to increase the ease of use of various wearables and other digital devices, regardless of their size.

Project Loon

These helium-filled balloons are designed by Google X to reach an altitude of almost 13 miles, nearly twice that of commercial airplanes. Once airborne, the balloons provide a reliable and cost-effective way to beam Internet service from the sky to places that lack it. It must be remembered that 4.3 billion people are still offline. Find out more about the project on its homepage.

Speedtest.net

Google Fiber

Imagine Internet without buffering. Imagine all your videos, movies, games and data downloading from the cloud or any other online location as if they were already on your hard drive. If you re no longer imagining things, you probably live in Atlanta; Austin or San Antonio, Texas; Charlotte or Raleigh-Durham, N.C.; Kansas City, Mo.; Nashville, Tenn.; or Salt Lake City or Provo, Utah. The rest of us can keep dreaming about Google Fiber, a service that, among other things, provides you with a connection speed of up to 1,000 Mbits per second. Google Fiber is a subsidiary of Alphabet, a part of its  Access and Energy  unit.

Nest.com

Nest

Nest is best known for its smart thermostat, fire detector and security camera. These devices  learn  about a homeowner s habits and use that knowledge to optimize efficiency and save money. Google acquired Nest for $3.2 billion in 2014.

Verily

Smart contact lenses

Lenses designed by Verily, an Alphabet company, have the potential to do much more than correct your vision. Equipped with various sensors, they could measure the glucose level in your system, as well as detect if you re intoxicated or feverish. Data collected this way could then be transmitted to a mobile device or laptop for further processing. The lenses themselves need no external power source, since all the energy they require would be provided by the solar cells on their surface.

Google

Project Skybender

I briefly covered this project in a previous article. Skybender is all about Internet-beaming solar drones, designed to stay airborne for up to five years. During that time, they won t only provide 5G Internet, but also take aerial photographs when needed, which makes them perfect for situations where surveillance and communications are of the utmost necessity (such as natural disasters or search-and-rescue operations). The drone project is run by Google X.

So there you have it. And this is just a selection of the projects that I thought were the most unique and interesting. Which are your favorite Alphabet projects? What do you think they ll come up with next? Let me know in the comment section below! 
2016-01-15
The Top 5 Google Shareholders (GOOG) In true genius tech startup fashion, Larry Page and Sergey Brin founded Google in a friend's garage. From its humble beginnings, as of December 2015, Google is part of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) and is the world s most-used search engine and one of the greatest entrepreneurial success stories in U.S. history.

1) Sergey Brin

Born in Moscow, Russia, Sergey Brin and his family emigrated to the United States in 1979 to escape Jewish persecution. While completing his doctorate in computer science from Stanford, he met Larry Page, and the pair developed a search engine they called Google as a research project. The two founded Google in 1998, and when the company had its initial public offering in 2004, they both became billionaires.

Brin is president of Alphabet, the parent company created in 2015 to house the corporate structure for the numerous other projects Brin and Page are exploring. As of December 2015, Brin has nearly 21 million shares of company stock valued at almost $16 billion and has a net worth of $37.6 billion.

2) Larry Page

Larry Page is the co-founder of Google and the chief executive officer (CEO) of Alphabet. Most of his daily responsibilities have been given to Google Inc. CEO Sundar Pichai to focus on longer-term strategy. An advocate of clean energy, Page owns a number of homes using fuel cells, geothermal energy and rainwater capture systems. As of December 2015, Page owns 75,000 shares of company stock and is one of the richest people in the United States with a net worth of $38.1 billion.

3) David Drummond

David Drummond was first introduced to Google in 1998 while working as a partner at one of the nation's leading law firms representing technology businesses. Serving as the company s first outside counsel, Drummond worked with Page and Brin to incorporate the company and secure its initial rounds of financing. He came to Google in 2002 and is the senior vice president of corporate development and chief legal officer. He is charged with the task of identifying business opportunities, possible mergers and acquisitions, and strategic alliances. Drummond has owned over 1 million shares of company stock during his stint at Google. After years of gradual sell-offs, he owns over 18,000 shares as of December 2015.

4) John Doerr

A partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, John Doerr is one of the world s most accomplished and connected venture capitalists. Doerr has a history of finding and backing technological innovations and has supported some of the world s most renowned entrepreneurs. His technology career began as a chip maker at Intel in 1974. He went on to found Silicon Compilers, a VLSI CAD software company, and co-founded @Home, a national broadband cable Internet company. Doerr has guided his firm s investments in Twitter, Uber, Amazon, Sun Microsystems, Square and Nextdoor, and he serves on the boards of Amyris, Google and Zynga. As of December 2015, he has 3,400 shares of Alphabet stock and has a net worth of $4.7 billion.

5) Institutional Holdings

As of 2015, 64% of Google s stock is institutionally owned. The Vanguard Group and several of its mutual funds are the largest institutional holders of Google stock. The 16.9 million shares of stock owned by the group are valued at $12.8 billion. Three of Vanguard's funds are in the top five of the largest mutual fund holders of Google stock. Vanguard s Total Stock Market Index Fund owns 5.1 billion shares, its 500 Index Fund owns 3.3 billion shares and the Institutional Index Fund holds 3 billion shares. Vanguard is the world s largest provider of mutual funds and is credited with creating the first index fund tracking the S&P 500. The company has a unique ownership structure as it is owned by its fund holders with no outside investors. Eric Schmidt's Venture Capital Fund Invests in Relativity Media Relativity Media said that a venture capital fund run by Alphabet Inc. Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt will invest in the studio.

A spokesman for Relativity confirmed the investment on Friday, but declined to provide further details.

Court Coursey, managing partner of TomorrowVentures, was named Relativity s chief investment and strategy officer. He will still retain his position at TomorrowVentures.

Coursey will report to Ryan Kavanaugh, chairman and CEO of Relativity, who called him  a proven business leader and entrepreneur with deep knowledge of the forces shaping media, entertainment and technology. I m thrilled to welcome him to Relativity as we prepare for the next chapter in our evolution as a 360-degree content engine. 

Course said that  Relativity and Ryan have pioneered a powerful new model at a time when the content business is being revolutionized by technology and changing consumer behavior. 

Relativity Media is in the process of emerging from Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, with a reorganization plan pending before a New York bankruptcy judge. Kavanaugh bought back control of the studio and the company is preparing to release a number of movies, including  Masterminds,  that were delayed after it filed for Chapter 11. The company said that it would begin production on  The Crow  in March.

The investment is through Schmidt s TomorrowVentures, which also has made investments in Legendary Pictures, Maker Studios and Raine, along with Forbes Travel Guide, Prosper Marketplace, Lowercase Capital, Sharecare, Life Kitchen and 500 Startups. The list of their portfolio is on their website here.

Alphabet is Google s renamed parent company of Google and its other ventures. 
2016-10-30
2 Popular Stocks In Danger Of A Pullback  
2016-11-02
Alphabet's Eric Schmidt Gave Advice to Clinton Campaign, Leaked Emails Show Alphabet Inc. Chairman Eric Schmidt helped early development of Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign, according to newly released emails from WikiLeaks, suggesting executives of Google s parent company could retain close ties to a Clinton White House.

Mr. Schmidt in April 2014 backed a startup dubbed Timshel that helped develop some of the technology behind Mrs. Clinton s campaign website, including functions to sign up... Alphabet's VR Headset, Daydream To Hit The Stores On 10 November Published By: Ken Bock on November 2, 2016 07:19 am EST

Alphabet Inc. s upcoming VR headset was announced only a month back. Now, another announcement suggests that the product will be available to purchase from November 10. This virtual reality (VR) headset is compatible with Pixel and Pixel XL phones that google recently launched. The VR headset can be purchased for $79 (US) from the Google Store and many other retailers in Canada, Germany, the UK, and Australia.

The price of the Daydream varies according to geographic locations, Australia being the most expensive, where it would cost $91. Canada s Headsets can be bought for $73.96, $79 for US, $76.45 in Germany and lastly, $84.61 in the UK. According to analysts , VR could make up to $40 billion by 2020, thus companies are rushing into the technology at the speed of light.

Alphabet Inc. s Daydream VR headset will work flawlessly on the new Daydream platform, which is present in the latest version of Android, Nougat. The headset is fairly easy to setup, is user-friendly and comfortable to use. Users that are new to this tech can easily slide in and enjoy. Inside the box, customers will find a motion-sensitive remote control and a wrist strap so that users don t lose the remote while using their headsets.

Daydream headset can give users a cinematic experience in the comfort of their homes. It allows them to enjoy games in a manner that was non-existent before. The headset will soon feature various applications, such as Hulu VR, Google Play Movies, YouTube VR, and many others, which would give users a whole library of video content.

This upcoming headset should not be taken for granted by Pixel users, especially the ones who still have not experienced the wonders of VR. Daydream View is a great addition into Alphabet Inc. s portfolio of VR products. Users should be able to enjoy the VR headset from November 10 onwards. Chant Magical Words, Become Wizard On Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Android Published By: Ken Bock on November 2, 2016 11:37 am EST

For all those Harry Potter fans, who ve always fancied being a wizard or a witch, their childhood dream might become a reality. We may not exist in J.K. Rowling s magically portrayed universe of magic and witchcraft, but technology from Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) brings us closer to that world, with the ability to cast spells utilizing Android phone and fully live those magical fantasies.

The company collaborates with Warner Bros. in order to promote Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. The company turns few of its services, such as Street View and OK Google, into portals to the magical world of Harry Potter. With a bit of imagination, a desire to be a wizard or a witch is all you need to relive those fantasies in this magical world.

The availability of three new Harry Potter spells Lumos, Nox, and Silencio on the Android platform stirs up the world. First up is OK, Google, followed by the magical words that transforms your smartphone to a makeshift band. By simply saying the magical phrase and adding  Lumos  will lighten up your phone s flashlight, or  Nox  to turn off the flashlight when you re done. Similarly, the magical word  Silencio  can be used to silence the ringer on your phone and notifications. Please note, a British accent will be handy and will be advisable for the best results.

Google proclaimed the new feature on its blog earlier this week. With Harry Potter-themed game Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them and Daydream View ($79) arriving in November, the new spell feature from Google clearly hypes the game; the aim is to get the users enthusiastic about discovering the magical world of Harry Potter with Google s hardware.

The tech giants also proclaimed four new sites on Google Street View, which enables the already excited users to explore the fictional world of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. The game is set in New York City in 1926. This is a cool set of sneak peek into the game, making users more excited, as they can t wait to get their hands on it. Whole Foods Market announces changes to leadership; appoints John Mackey CEO  
2016-11-29
Make Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Pay You a Dividend Since the U.S. elections, the consensus has been to sell mega-cap tech and roll into small caps   especially financials. As a result, small caps rallied two weeks in a row and finally set a new all-time high. Contrast that with Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ), which recently lost an important support level around $790 per share. During the same period of time, GOOGL stock was caught up in the rotation reflationary Trumpian trade.



Click to Enlarge This doesn t indicate fundamental weakness on Alphabet s part. It wasn t alone. Other favorites also faltered   most notably Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ) and Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ: AMZN ). All these blue chips were sold as the small caps rallied to new highs.

The selling in mega tech has abated a little in the last few days, however. In fact, counting Monday, GOOGL stock looks like it s the healthiest of the three relative to their dips.

My last trade on GOOGL was a nice and easy win in spite of the volatility. I set a December iron condor that created income from thin air.

Today, I m looking to reset a similar trade for a chance to rinse and repeat. I want to range-trade Alphabet and try to create income out of thin air.

2 Trades on GOOGL Stock

Trade No. 1   The Bet: Sell a Dec. 30 $740/$730 credit put spread for 90 cents per contract. From current levels, I have a 6.5% price buffer and an 85% theoretical chance of success. The reward if successful is 10% yield on money risked.

Trade No. 2   The Hedge: Sell a Dec. 30 $850/$860 credit call spread for 60 cents per contract. To win, I need the price to stay below my sold spread while I am in the trade. My price buffer from the current level is 7%. This is closer than ideal, especially in this uber-bullish environment. Caution is warranted.

Taking both sides of this setup puts me in a sold iron condor for Dec. 30. To succeed, I need GOOGL stock to stay between both spreads sold through expiration. This is a rangebound trade for which I collect a total of $1.50 per contract to open.

If successful, the trade would yield 17% on money risked overall.

I will not let this trade get away from me. I am not required to hold either side through expiration. I can close either at any time for partial gains or losses.

Nicolas Chahine is the managing director of SellSpreads.com. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @racernic and stocktwits at @racernic. 
2016-04-07
Google/ Alphabet Inc PT Upped As Big Upward Move Predicted Google parent company Alphabet s shares have lost most of what they gained on Wednesday following an analyst s price target increase. Last year the search giant s stock went on a tremendous tear, landing it a position in the top four tech stocks of the year known as FANG (Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google). UBS analysts don t think last year s stock move is over, however. They say buckle up for what could be yet another sharp increase.

Alphabet in the midst of a long-term shift

Analyst Eric J. Sheridan said he has bumped up his price target for Alphabet from $875 to $880 per share and continues to rate the stock as a Buy. He named several debates that should be considered but added that he still thinks it is undervalued compared to its medium- and long-term growth potential. Further, he said investors are clearly concerned about what will happen after the first half of this year.

Sheridan also believes that Alphabet could surprise to the upside in terms of revenue growth in the areas of advertising, mobile computing, media, and enterprise; margin stability; and return of capital.

Three things to monitor with Alphabet

The UBS analyst goes on to name three important debates that could drive Alphabet s operating results and stock price performance in the next five years. One is revenue growth, as he expects it to be in the mid to high teens as Google s mobile advertising, YouTube, and Google Play, Enterprise, and Other Bets segments do well. He also believes concerns about long-term deceleration is  misplaced.

The second area of debate is operating margins, which he expects to remain flat or move upward as Alphabet improves operating efficiencies. He also believes  inherent scale leverage,  especially in some areas like YouTube, will help boost margins, although he adds that there is a mix shift pressure due to the Enterprise growth initiatives.

Third, he thinks investors should keep watching capital allocation. He believes Alphabet will seek a balance between the pursuit of large-scale revenue opportunities, boosting its computing strengths through machine learning, artificial intelligence, mobility, and improving the user experience and returning extra capital to investors.

Sheridan believes investors are underappreciating Google s ad momentum as well. Despite Negative Press, Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Develops Driverless Car Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) has recently generated negative press, especially with regards to its poor management of its acquisitions such as robotics firm Boston Dynamics and smart home products company Nest. The two subsidiaries have reportedly been embroiled in executive wrangles, forcing Google to put up Boston Dynamics for sale. Nest has also announced that it has discontinued support for its Revolv line of smart home hubs, igniting a chorus of condemnation from disgruntled consumers and industry analysts.

However, Alphabet still wants to change the world. Its main subsidiary, Google has announced plans to test its self-driving cars in the Phoenix, Arizona metro area. This will make the city the fourth one to accommodate testing of the driverless vehicles.

Alphabet Has Conducted Tests in Various Climates

Google has been testing its autonomous cars over the past six years in Mountain View, CA, where its headquarters is located. It later ventured to Austin, Texas in the summer, before moving to Kirkland, WA, which is well known for its wet climate. Kirkland is also hilly, providing a platform for testing how the Google car will work under such tricky terrain.

Major technology firms and automakers are furiously engaged in R&D to develop mass-market driverless vehicles, though most of them have voiced complaints that safety rules are working to their disadvantage. This has impeded testing and the subsequent rollout of such automobiles.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Google has clocked most of its 1.5 million miles of driverless car testing in California. However, it has been locked in a spat with its home state since December after the latter tabled proposed laws that will require an autonomous car to have brake pedals, steering wheel and a licensed driver when the car is being tested on the road.

Arizona, which is home to a vast desert land mass, has been touted by Google s Self-Driving Car project head of business operations, Jennifer Haroon, as an ideal place for innovation and research to thrive. The desert climate will help the company gauge how its cars and sensors can work in extreme temperatures and dusty conditions.

Google has disclosed that its test drivers have conducted tests in Phoenix using four Lexus RX450h SUVs in order to develop in-depth maps of traffic signals, lane markers, streets and curb heights.

Google s decision to test its autonomous vehicles in Arizona means it has quickly moved on from the embarrassing incident in Feb. 14, when one of the robot-driven cars was involved in a minor fender bender with a municipal bus in its Mountain View base.

The company has assumed responsibility for the accident, which is the first one involving one of its self-driving cars. However, it has modified its software in order to prevent future mishaps.

NHTSA Developing Guidance on Autonomous Cars

The National Highway Safety Administration announced in January plans to develop a policy governing self-driving vehicles, which will be sent to automakers and the states by July. NHTSA has scheduled its first public hearing to discuss the proposed guidance to be held tomorrow in Washington.

Google scored another coup in February when the NHTSA announced plans to classify the artificial intelligence system that drives the autonomous car as a driver under the federal law. This marked the first significant step toward the rollout of self-driving cars on American roads.

It is worth noting that Google isn t the only company leading the way in the development of autonomous cars. Automakers such as Japanese giant Toyota Motor Corp are reported to have filed more patents for this rapidly-growing technology.

Moreover, most automakers are likely to partner with Silicon valley firms such as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Tesla Motor Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) to develop the cars. This could be due to the fact that Google offers direct competition to such vehicle manufacturers as it has developed its own in-house car for the project, findings by Thomson Reuters  Intellectual Property and Science unit show. The Nest Division at Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Is in BIG Trouble It s been a tough two weeks for Nest, the smart home company acquired by Alphabet Inc ( GOOG , GOOGL ) in 2014.

Source: Nest

Staff are jumping ship and Alphabet is putting on the pressure to release new products needed to meet sales goals.

Amidst all of the chaos at Nest, Greg Duffy, co-founder of Dropcam, which the company purchased in 2014, has gone on record describing the sale as a  grave mistake.  Then, a few days later, Nest shut down Revolv, another smart home startup it had purchased.

This move effectively bricked all Revolv hubs in circulation, leaving the $300 devices useless hunks of plastic and earned Nest a public relations black eye on top of its internal challenges.

What the Heck Is Going on at Nest?

Let s start with Dropcam   that s where the first public hints of Nest s troubles surfaced.

At the end of March, The Information posted a deep dive into Nest and its CEO Tony Fadell. Much of the piece focused on Dropcam, in light of a series of public remarks made by its co-founder that have been highly critical of Fadell.

Dropcam was experiencing strong sales growth and had new home security sensors in its product pipeline when it was acquired by Nest for $555 million. Nest immediately cancelled Dropcam s home security project in favor of its own (which has yet to materialize) and half of the 100 Dropcam employees have quit since the acquisition due to an apparent culture clash. Dropcam s co-founder also quit, first attempting to oust Fadell by pitching himself as a replacement to Alphabet CEO Larry Page.

Also central to the piece in The Information is Alphabet s growing impatience with Nest s financial performance. The company hasn t released any new products   just updates   since being acquired by GOOGL for $3.2 billion, and sales since then have fallen short of expectations. There are reports Alphabet is putting pressure on Nest to finally release its smart home security system by this fall, with Fadell admitting that Alphabet expects to hold him to the numbers in business plan projections going forward.

Re/Code goes further, saying that with $340 million in sales for 2015,  Nest is underperforming, and its future at Google is at risk.  With a three-year operating budget tied to a vesting schedule designed to retain key engineers and executives set to expire in 2016, the pressure on Nest seems likely to get worse before it gets better.

Similarly, 9To5 Google reported on a Reddit thread where someone claiming to be a Nest engineer posted that the company is on a  deathwatch  thanks to poor sales and lack of innovation, calling out Fadell s leadership as central to the problems.

Finally, as if all the the internal drama wasn t enough, Nest now finds itself in the middle of a major public relations disaster. The company bought smart home startup Revolv in 2014, apparently interested more in its engineers than its smart hub product. The announcement  We re shutting down Revolv  effective May 15 so that resources can instead be allocated to the Works with Nest platform landed with a thud. People who bought the $300 hub learned it will be good only as a paperweight going forward.

Next Page 
2016-01-26
Alphabet Inc's Self-Driving Cars Hit a Speed Bump Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google and its driverless car initiative began back in 2009, but the futuristic notion of driving from point A to point B without touching a steering wheel goes back long before that. It looked as if Google was getting close to making driverless cars a reality when it announced in December it would be spun off into a separate unit under the Alphabet umbrella sometime this year.

The decision to run the car unit as a distinct entity led some to believe that its self-driving cars were inching closer to going mainstream. Alas, it appears one of consumers' biggest fears as it relates to a Jetson-like driving experience could prove to be a major roadblock.

Survey says

As part of the deal with the state of California -- where many of its self-driving cars are being tested -- Google is required to submit reports detailing the results of its efforts. After logging over a million miles on the road, there have been some hiccups, which is to be expected during this initial phase.

However, Google's latest report to the state highlights more than a few disturbing incidents that could put a damper on its plans to introduce a driverless car fleet to the public. From Sept. 2014 to Nov. 2015, there were a whopping 341 "disengagements," which is Google's way of saying test drivers were either prompted, or felt they needed, to take back control of the vehicle.

Of the hundreds of disengagements reported, failure of the technology was the cause for testers to take over on 272 occasions -- an unsettling number, to be sure. But the remaining 69 problems were even more disconcerting, and they speak directly to why two-thirds of consumers responded to a recent poll saying they were not interested in self-driving cars because the thought of "losing control" was unsettling.

The 69 times drivers took the wheel of the self-driving vehicles of their own volition were due to incidents in which "safe operation of the vehicle requires control by the driver." These included situations in which others on the road were driving erratically, or the rider was simply uncomfortable and wanted to assume control of the vehicle.

According to data Google receives whenever one of its cars disengages, there would have been 13 accidents involving either another car or object if not for the voluntary disengagement.

With all of those miles under its self-driving belt, the relative number of would-be accidents may not be alarming. However, according to a study, Google's self-driving cars are currently about 15 times more likely to be in an accident than "traditional" vehicles.

Does it matter?

There's a reason most every major auto manufacturer and folks like automotive components manufacturer Delphi (NYSE:DLPH) -- which showed off its own driverless cars at the recently completed computer electronics show (CES) in Las Vegas -- are diving into autonomous vehicles. According to one estimate, by 2020, there will be 10 million self-driving cars on the streets.

That's an awfully big opportunity for the Googles of the world, let alone an upstart like Delphi, with its $18 billion market capitalization. If Delphi is able to carve its own niche among of all those driverless cars expected on the road in four to five years, it could really move the revenue needle. Apparently, Delphi is doing something right, in that its self-driving cars took one of the spots as a "top pick" at CES.

Unlike Delphi and the auto manufacturers' driverless car initiatives, Google has the added benefit of boosting its digital ad revenue, too. It's not difficult to imagine cruising along in a Google driverless car -- that just happens to be running Android on its monitor -- and surfing the Internet, or checking messages with the usual collection of digital ads.

Still, investors shouldn't expect Google, let alone newcomer Delphi and its ilk, to introduce self-driving cars to the masses anytime soon. As the report to California makes abundantly clear, consumers' uneasiness with giving up the reins to their automobiles is warranted. While that may not put the kibosh on Google's driverless car plans, it could set it back years. Facebook And Alphabet Are Largest Benefactors To Programmatic Shift Towards An ... Shares of Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL), The Rubicon Project Inc (NYSE: RUBI) and Criteo SA (ADR) (NASDAQ: CRTO) have declined significantly over the past one month.

(NASDAQ: FB), (NASDAQ: GOOGL), (NYSE: RUBI) and (NASDAQ: CRTO) have declined significantly over the past one month. Morgan Stanley s Brian Nowak maintained Overweight ratings for Facebook and Alphabet, while initiating coverage of Rubicon and Criteo with Equal-Weight ratings.

Online advertising is expected to gain share, and programmatic ad buying would continue to gain traction, Nowak stated.

Online advertising is expected to gain share and constitute 42 percent of total global advertising by 2020, analyst Brian Nowak said. He added that display advertising is likely to comprise around 44 percent of the total online ad market.

The shift to programmatic ad buying is  among the most powerful trends in online display  and programmatic could constitute about 69 percent of the global display market by 2020. Moreover, programmatic is expected to drive 94 percent of the growth in the display market from 2015 to 2020, Nowak mentioned.

The programmatic shift is taking place with advertisers and agencies looking for:

Better real-time price discovery A more efficient ad buying process The ability to better link ad spend to actual transaction dollars

Nowak pointed out that Facebook and Alphabet are  the biggest drivers and beneficiaries of the programmatic shift.  He explained that the programmatic ad market comprises of  3 distinct buckets,  namely Social, Google, and the Open Web.

Social [Facebook]: 52 percent of the overall market and driving about 58 percent of forward growth

Google: 17 percent of the overall market and driving around 18 percent of forward growth

The Open Web [Everyone Else]: this is expected to grow 21 percent per year over the next 5 years

Facebook

The price target for the company is at $130. Nowak said that while Social constitutes 52 percent of Programmatic, Facebook comprises 92 percent of Social. He named the company as the  top pick to benefit from and drive the programmatic shift. 

The analyst cited the following reasons:

Leading and growing on-platform monetization New platforms, such as Instagram, starting to bud in 2016 Street estimates being overly conservative

Google

The price target for the company is at $820. Nowak pointed out that Google was the leader in the non-Social programmatic space.  Accelerating mobile search and YouTube primary drivers of top-line growth but a programmatic business growing 26% per year helps as well,  the Morgan Stanley report noted.

The Rubicon Project

The price target for the company was established at $15. Rubicon is supply side platform within the Open Web Source. Real-time bidding management comprises 77 percent of the company s managed revenue. The company helps publishers gain access to demand and liquidity, and advertisers reach their target demographics, Nowak mentioned

Rubicon has a $6.4bn addressable market, which is expected to grow around 20 percent every year over the next 5 years. Rubicon constitutes around 12 percent of market, and competes mainly against three private companies.

Criteo

The price target for the company is established at $36. Criteo is a pure play re-targeter, Nowak said. The company has about 4 percent share of the programmatic market. While prospects are bright, the company s incremental EBITDA margins could come under pressure in the near-term due to increased investment in mid-market, China, core innovation and R&D, the analyst commented.

Latest Ratings for FB Date Firm Action From To Mar 2017 Barclays Initiates Coverage On Overweight Mar 2017 BTIG Research Upgrades Neutral Buy Feb 2017 Pivotal Research Downgrades Buy Hold View More Analyst Ratings for FB

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Brian NowakAnalyst Color Initiation Reiteration Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Google Glass goes dark on its social media accounts A Google Glass-wearing attendee listens to a speaker in the 'Designing for Wearables' session at the Google I/O developers conference in San Francisco June 25, 2014. REUTERS/Elijah Nouvelage

NEW YORK Four years after unveiling its wearable glass headset, Alphabet Inc's Google shut down several social media accounts linked to the Glass gadget, ending its push to popularize the pricey eyeglasses with consumers.

On Tuesday, Twitter, Facebook and Instagram accounts for Google Glass were no longer active, a development first reported on the website 9to5Google.

A statement on the Google Plus page said: "Hi Explorers, we ve had a blast hanging out with you on G+ throughout the Explorer Program." It went on to instruct users to get in touch with questions on the support page for Glass.

The company declined to comment on the decision.

Google stopped selling Glass to consumers last year noting that it was time for a strategy reset, and the head of the Google X research lab has since then said that the hype surrounding the $1,500 device became overblown considering it was merely a prototype and not a finished product.

Glass was greeted with enthusiasm among tech aficionados when it was first unveiled in 2012. But the device, which allows users to access e-mail messages on its eye-level screen and to record video with a tiny camera, quickly ran into problems. Some mocked its awkward appearance, while others expressed concern it could be used to make video recordings surreptitiously.

On Twitter, many interpreted the disappearance of Glass's social accounts on Tuesday to mean a final end to efforts to market the product to consumers.

Jonas Haberkorn (@JonasHaberkorn) tweeted: "#GoogleGlass for consumers is dead, yes really dead."

Meanwhile, one user lamented the disappearance of the device's social presence.

Mark Tompkins (@javamarket), who identifies himself as a trader and former hedge fund partner on Twitter, said: "Disappointed in @google's decision 2 remove #GoogleGlass history from FB & @twitter. We learn best from actual recorded history. #coverup"

(Reporting by Anjali Athavaley; Editing by Bernard Orr) 
2016-02-25
Alphabet Inc: The No. 1 Reason to Be Bullish on Google Stock By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : February 25, 2016

Google Stock Continues to Deliver

What would life look like without Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)? As always, I remain intensely bullish on Google stock, because none of us could fathom a world without Google.

My smartphone is powered by Google s  Android  operating system. I use  Google Chrome  as my Internet browser just to make sure the search engine is automatic. I simply wouldn t be able to do my job without the services this company provides.

The same is true for tens (and maybe hundreds) of millions of people. Anyone who has dismissed this company as just a search engine or just an advertising firm is crazy. Google perennially surprises us with unorthodox shifts. This time is no different.

Last year, Google reorganized itself into the conglomerate we now know as Alphabet. The metamorphosis was supposed to make it easier for employees to toss up paradigm-altering ideas. It s not that Google wasn t already doing that, but the shift made it easier to see the company as more than its search engine service.

Although the name change was infamous at first, it was undoubtedly genius.

It has allowed Google to expand in ways we never previously imagined. Let me give you three examples that perfectly demonstrate how much this could impact Google stock.

Big Changes for Google

I m sure many of you have heard of Spotify, the streaming service that has music industry executives wetting their pants. Users pay a flat fee in exchange for access to vast libraries of audio content. It s basically Netflix, but for music.

Well, this growing company needs a lot of space on the  cloud.  It has tons of data that needs to be housed, so a lot of companies are hoping to build a relationship with Spotify. Nearly every analyst expected the music streaming company to go with Amazon.com, Inc.

Amazon s cloud computing arm is the runaway market leader for infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS). However, Spotify chose to go with Alphabet, citing the company s diverse array of tools. It s a big win that will almost certainly translate to huge revenue. (Source:  Sorry Amazon: Spotify Choses Google over AWS for big cloud deal,  [sic] Business Journal, February 24, 2016.)

Next up is the  Google Chromecast.  This $35.00 device started as a mechanism to make regular TVs into smart TVs. By bringing WiFi to regular TVs, the Chromecast effectively turned them into lo-fi  computers  that could browse the Internet, play YouTube, or even run Netflix.

Google s Chromecast was an enormous success. Between 2013 and 2015, Americans bought 20 million units. Now, TV makers like Vizio are coming to Alphabet to get the devices embedded into all of their products. Talk about a game-changing product. (Source:  Google is putting its video streaming gadget directly inside TVs,  Business Insider, February 24, 2016.)

My final example is probably the most significant reason to be bullish on Google stock. In addition to being a mainstay in the digital world, Alphabet is now looking to become the main provider of Internet. It is going city to city, laying fiber optic cables that increase Internet speeds by a factor of four. Its latest target is San Francisco, the central hub of innovation in America. (Source:  Serving San Francisco apartments and condos, using existing fiber,  Google Fiber Official Blog, February 24, 2016.)

All told, these expansions are opening big revenue streams for Alphabet. The company that started as Google is showing that it has no ceiling, so maybe GOOG stock doesn t have one either. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)'s Google Asks 9to5Google To Drop Its Name Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) s Google is not happy with technology news site 9to5Google using its name as part of its online identity. As such, Google has informed 9to5Google owners that they have been violating its trademark. What s shocking is that 9to5Google has been publishing under the name for five years and its reporters and executives have attended or invited to Google events multiple times. It doesn t appear that Google is interesting in letting 9to5Google appeal its decision and the best way out for the site is to take on a different name.

9to5Google doesn t pretend to be Google and it also doesn t write content that are hostile to the company. It is just dedicated to covering the activities of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) and its constituents.

Ads blocked

It all started with 9to5Google s ads stopping to function. It didn t immediately occur to the site owners that Google may have been trailing them over trademark violation. Thinking it was just a normal problem similar to what they have encountered in the past, 9to5Google contacted Google s ad desk, but the response it received was shocking. Google had pulled the ads because the site fringed on its trademark copyright.

Six-figure ad income

According to 9to5Google, selling ads generates well into six-figure income a month. As such, without the ads, the new publisher is facing a huge revenue loss. Although Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) s Google hasn t indicated that it was willing to change its mind on the trademark infringement claim, 9to5Google promised to appeal the decision, but it was also exploring other options. The site says that there is a strong chance it will have to change its name to be in good terms with Google, of course, if the appeal fails to bear fruits.

Could Google trigger a trend?

If Google s move regarding 9to5Google is replicated by other tech companies whose names are used by third-party news sites, many publishers could be affected, both in terms of operations and revenue. For example, there are several sites using Apple or Mac as part of their Web identity.

Alternatives

9to5Google is looking at 9toG.com as a more viable alternative to its current address should Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) s Google refuse to bulge on the trademark dispute.

1 Chart Pattern Every Investor Should Know This little-known pattern preceded moves of 578% in ARWR, 562% in LCI, 513% in ICPT, 439% in EGRX, 408% in ADDUS and more... Click Here to See This Now.

(Visited 485 times, 1 visits today) Alphabet Inc Fiber Makes Its Way to San Francisco Published By: Patrick Arruda on February 25, 2016 10:21 am EST

San Franciscans can now rejoice, because Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Fiber is finally making its way to their city. However, the bad news is that only a few people will be able to take advantage of the service.

The announcement was made this week and Google explained that the service would be available to condos, apartments and other affordable housing properties. It would more specifically be available to all those locations where fiber optic cables are already in place.

On the other hand, now that Google Fiber is headed for San Francisco, this will make it the 22nd metropolitan area where the service has reached.

Google literally had to start from scratch to build its Fiber network, but it is not ignoring those places where fiber optics is already available, like Huntsville, Alabama for instance.

Even though San Francisco is recognized as being  the tech city,  Google somehow managed to be late for the party, as this is not the first time Google has tried to offer its services to the city. The EarthLink and Google Wi-Fi service proposed back in 2007, did not work out the way it was supposed to, after which it fizzled out once and for all.

That being said, Google Fiber has been a widely anticipated service, and it has already reached Austin, Atlanta, Kansas City, Provo, and so on. Moreover, it is also planned to be released in other cities like Nashville and even San Antonio. So far, the service has been quite a success and if Google continues to play its cards right all the while taking its time to ensure the service is flawless, there is no reason why it should not succeed in the long run. 
2016-12-09
The Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Stock Growth Story Ain't Over In a recent post, I suggested that social media juggernaut Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) was a better investment bet than Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL). The link between the two is that they collectively dominate the mobile ad spending market. However, GOOG stock is no slouch when it comes to its own investment appeal.

And, in a number of respects, it represents a more diversified bet on the continued growth in digital ad spending and the network effect of any firm that operates primarily online. Despite the naysayers, Alphabet stock s economic moat is arguably strong and defensible.

Alphabet Stock and Google s Recent Sales Trends

In late October, GOOG reported very solid third quarter results. Revenue grew 20%, and an even more robust 23% when backing out foreign exchange fluctuations (a strong U.S. Dollar makes international results look less strong). Management singled out mobile search (the Google website) and video (YouTube) for helping drive its  core advertising business. 

Total sales reached $22.5 billion, more than half of which stem from outside the United States. Nearly 90% of total sales stem from the Google websites. GOOG makes money on its websites where advertisers pay when a web surfer clicks on one of its ads.

The other segment, which it lumps into  Other Revenue , made up the remaining 10% and consists of sales from its Google Play store, Chromecast, cloud storage and the Google Pixel phone that was recently released.

The other segment also includes an  Other Bets  division that doesn t account for much sales or profit, but has the Nest, Google Fiber, life sciences division and other  moonshot  initiatives such as a self-driving car. Yet some speculate it consumes a rather high proportion of research and development costs (up to 40% of total R&D) and could come out with a new product or technology that changes the world (and subsequently the overall success of Alphabet stock).

The Profit Picture and Outlook

Third-quarter profits jumped 27% to $5.1 billion and represented a very impressive profit margin of almost 23% given the heavy spending in Other Bets.

For the full year, analysts expect total net income of $34.44 per share on sales growth of 19% for GOOG stock. Total sales could reach $90 billion and exceed $100 billion by the end of 2017.

Alphabet stock s cash flow generation is one of its most appealing investment characteristics. Year-to-date free cash flow (through Sept. 30) was approximately $19.5 billion. It came in at more than $21 per share last year, or about the same as reported profits. This level of cash generation speaks to how successful and profitable the firm is.

GOOG s Appeal

Alphabet has an enduring economic moat given its dominance in internet search. It also controls at least half of the software that drives mobile phone devices through its Android franchise. Android goes head-to-head with Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS that powers its iPhones. Consumers are likely to only increase their use of the internet and will increasingly use their mobile devices to do so.

GOOG points out that billions of people have yet to be able to access the internet on a consistent basis. Online capabilities help people shop, open businesses and network with other individuals.

Its digital dominance has not gone unnoticed. European regulators are trying hard to wrest away Google s search dominance   it has a market share upwards of 90% in a number of countries in Europe. But this also speaks to just how influential the company is. European (and other) regulators tried to take the wind out of the sales of Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) several years ago, but the company arguably remains as dominant as ever.

Next Page Google Sort Of Back In China With Developer Page Bottom line: Google's new launch of a China-based developers site marks a partial return to the Chinese web, but its higher-profile return to the consumer market with a Chinese Google Play app store probably won't come until next year.

After more than a year of speculation, global search leader Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is finally back in China. Or at least sort of. The tech world is certainly buzzing about this latest development, which comes with Google's launch of a China page for locally-based developers. For anyone who wants to look, the page itself is at developers.google.cn, and is all in English. But proving its China credentials, the page also has a QR code that lets users follow Google Developers on WeChat.

So, what does all of this mean? The development does seem relatively significant, since this launch appears to show that Google has officially received Beijing's blessing to develop new business in China, in this case by pursuing local developers. Up until now, Google's only presences on the China web were its google.cn page, which has a live link to its Hong Kong page, and also its Google translation service.

We'll explore the broader implications shortly, but first, let's review the latest headlines that come from a developer conference that Google held on Thursday in Beijing (Chinese article). The conference marks at least the company's second major event in China this year, following its opening of an experience center in the southern boomtown of Shenzhen back in July (previous post). Some might say this staging of this latest event in the Chinese capital might have some symbolic significance, since Shenzhen is much further away and just across the border from the capitalist enclave of Hong Kong.

Both meetings were presided over by Google's Greater China chief Scott Beaumont, who happens to be a China hand and speaks Mandarin. About 2,000 people attended, and Google executives said they will start to introduce some Mandarin into the local Chinese developers site that is now all in English. There's not much more to the reports, though Google's executives did manage to utter the word "innovate" quite a few times in their remarks, using a word that has become a favorite of Beijing leaders these days.

It's certainly no surprise that Google is trying to curry favor with Beijing. Such an approach would have been surprising 7 years ago, when Google angrily shuttered its China-based search site due to unhappiness over Beijing's strict self-censorship policies. But since then, the company has been having second thoughts. The biggest reason for the turnaround is the rapid rise of smartphones over that period, and Google's place in the market through its free Android operating system that powers the big majority of those smartphones.

Getting High-Profile

I've written about numerous signs that Google was preparing a return to China over the last year, including reports that it was laying the necessary infrastructural groundwork and also various other behind-the-scenes steps it was taking. This kind of high-profile event also shows the company wants to be in the market, and is just waiting for the right moment when Beijing finally gives the green light.

I previously predicted that Google's China return would come this year, but now it looks like time is rapidly running out. Perhaps I could argue I was partly correct, since this launch of a China-based page does represent a return of sorts. Honestly speaking, I don't think that Google wants to return to the China search business due to Beijing's controversial self-censorship policies. But perhaps it will reopen a China-based search page as part of its return to show Beijing that it has learned its lesson, in a sort of eating crow.

What Google really wants is to get more ingrained in China's vibrant Android ecosystem, where it could potentially make lots of money by helping developers create new Android-based apps and services. From a public perspective, its main objective on that front would be the opening of a China version of its Google Play store, and also perhaps eventually launching a payment service similar to Apple Pay.

This latest developer's conference does indeed appear to show that Google is again inching towards those goals. I probably shouldn't make any more predictions after my last one didn't really come through, or at least probably won't happen before the end of 2016. But in this case, it really does seem quite likely that Google will finally get its coveted permission to open a China app store sometime in 2017, and could also relaunch a China search page to show its repentance.

Disclosure: None Alphabet Inc: This Trigger Could Send Google Stock Surging By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : December 9, 2016

New Tailwinds for Google Stock

Although we usually think of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) as a sprawling business, 99% of the company s revenues are advertising-related. Google stock (GOOG) is almost entirely concentrated in this one sector, but that could change very soon.

After years of research and development, Google is finally ready to package its self-driving program into an actual business. This would mean spinning the driverless project out of  Google X,  the experimental lab where the company tests out new ideas, into a newly formed entity. (Source:  Google s self-driving car team is hiring executives as it prepares to spin out from Alphabet s X,  Recode, December 7, 2016.)

If you ever wondered why Google reorganized itself into Alphabet, wonder no more.

These kinds of transitions are exactly why. In the founding letter, Google founder Larry Page wrote:  Alphabet is mostly a collection of companies. The largest of which, of course, is Google. 

By Page s telling, Google s moonshot ideas would eventually outgrow the company, so the company needed room for them to breathe. Under the new structure, they could evolve into full companies and have their own chief executive officers, all of whom would still report to Page.

This is what we think is happening for the driverless car project.

The first rumblings came from the head of the project himself, John Krafcik, when he spoke at the Nikkei Innovation Forum in October. Krafcik was vague about the timeline, but he made it clear that driverless cars were going to  graduate  from Google X s lab.

Now we re seeing conspicuous hires to the driverless car team. For instance, Kevin Vosen was hired as the project s chief legal officer. To the layperson, this hiring looks harmless. But Google X already has lawyers. The new hire, skilled as he may be, is a duplicate that makes no sense.

That is, unless self-driving cars will become a new company under the Alphabet banner. Other recent additions to the Google workforce also seem redundant. Why else would they hire a second  head of real estate  if not to make sure that the new division was staffed properly?

Only one answer explains all of the above: Google s autonomous car division is almost open for business.

Existing carmakers like Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (NYSE:FCAU) have signed deals to license the driverless tech from Google, which is a clever way for Google to ride the autonomous car trend without the heavy costs of vehicle production.

Moreover, the market seems ignorant of its effect on Google stock (GOOG). Investors still believe that self-driving cars are 20 or 30 years down the road, but the writing on the wall says otherwise.

If driverless cars truly graduate from Google X, it s because Alphabet executives expect it to make a lot of money. With this potential growth not priced into Google stock (GOOG), I expect there to be enormous returns waiting for the patient tech investor. Internet Beat: Top Analyst Weigh in on Facebook Inc (FB), Amazon.com, Inc ... Top analyst Youssef Squali at Cantor is diving in the internet sector with bullish commentary on favorite stocks in his coverage, including Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

Online holiday sales proved to be good to these internet giants, as sales are tracking to the analyst s growth projections of 16% to 18%. However, when looking at this week s context of the market as a whole, the stocks underperformed.

Youssef Squali has a very good TipRanks score with a 68% success rate and he stands at #27 out of 4,274 analysts. Squali garners 10.3% in his yearly returns. When recommending FB, Squali earns 24.3% in average profits on the stock. When suggesting AMZN, Squali gains 25.8%. When rating GOOGL, Squali realizes 10.2%.

 While Internet stocks rose this week, the index trailed the overall market, reflecting continued rotation into Financials, Energy, Industrials and other categories positioned to benefit most from the President-elect Trump win. YTD the group remains ahead, however, up 21.2% Y/Y,  Squali notes.

Glancing at the bigger picture and thanks to  the strength season-to-date,  the analyst sings the praises of these three key players in the tech sector.

 We feel comfortable with our forecast for 16-18% Y/Y growth in total online sales over the holiday period and continue to view AMZN, FB and GOOGL as prime beneficiaries,  Squali contends.

As such, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on shares of FB with a $170 price target, which represents just under a 43% increase from current levels.

In regards to Amazon, a big morsel of news was the unveiling of Amazon Go, a physical store that allows customers to shop for household items without requiring them to check out, with plans for a first store to open in Seattle at the start of 2017.

The store s technology will maximize computer vision, sensor fusion, combined with deep learning to allow consumers to pick up and put away items in their shopping bags to carry out once ready to go, thanks to a virtual shopping cart s tracking abilities.

Squali believes,  While the concept could be potentially disruptive to retail over time, we note that Amazon plans to debut the store initially in Seattle and that a wider rollout could be some time away. We believe that Amazon will likely use this as a test location to refine the offering and gauge consumers  responses/adoption before rolling it out on a broader basis. 

Meanwhile, online sales, specifically desktop, charged forward 13% year-over-year for Cyber Week, according to comScore data.

 While this is below the 15% Y/Y growth over the Thanksgiving weekend (Nov. 24-27), when the peak shopping season kicked off, it s still 200bps above the 11% Y/Y growth pre-Thanksgiving, attesting to an elevated level of consumer spending during the peak holiday season (so far),  Squali highlights.

Therefore, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on AMZN with a price target of $1,000, which represents a 30% increase from where the shares last closed.

Additionally, Squali maintains full bullish steam ahead for Alphabet after an investor conference has highlighted strides toward live television, on back of a strategic alliance with YouTube. The analyst reiterates a Buy rating on shares of GOOGL with a $1,040 price target, which represents a 30% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

 GOOGL, AMZN take aim at traditional cable bundles. CBS CEO disclosed at an investor conference this week that the company had  been able to make a deal with Youtube , suggesting that Google is making progress in its efforts to bring an over-the-top subscription offering for live TV. Separately, Amazon announced that Prime members would be able to subscribe to HBO and Cinemax for $15/mo and $10/mo, respectively, via Amazon Channels. The latest moves highlights ambitions of Internet companies as consumers spend more time online and cord-cutting picks up,  Squali surmises. FANG+: Apple, Alphabet, Facebook Regain Key Support Areas The sector rotation out of Apple (AAPL) and the FANGs   Facebook (FB), Amazon.com (AMZN), Netflix (NFLX) and Google-parent Alphabet (GOOGL)   amid the stock market's surge to record highs has tech analysts searching for clues to the sell-off   aside from any concerns over the incoming Trump administration.

Shares of Apple and Alphabet rose close to 2% in the stock market today, and both regained their key 50-day lines for the first time since before the election   in Apple's case   or just after, for Alphabet.

Netflix never fell below its 50-day line in recent weeks, though it dipped 0.3% Friday. Amazon edged higher but remains below its 50-day. Facebook rose 0.65% to just above its 200-day line after seven days below that key support level.

IBD's TAKE: Apple and most of the FANG stocks are showing weak relative strength vs. the broader market. True market leaders show rising RS lines. To find stocks with RS lines hitting new highs, take a free Marketsmith trial.

At Citigroup, analyst Mark May speculates whether Facebook's underperformance since its Q3 earnings report on Nov. 2 is related to Snap's plans for a Q1, 2017 initial public offering. The IPO for the owner of the popular Snapchat social network has been estimated at $40 billion, which would be the largest since Alibaba Group (BABA) went public in September 2014. Snap filed for a confidential IPO, so details aren't yet known. It's expected to make its IPO early in 2017.

But while it's easy to point the finger at Snap, whose popularity threatens to take millennials away from Facebook usage, May looks elsewhere.

"While a Snap IPO has received the most attention, the more direct liquidity overhang is more likely to come from Microsoft's (MSFT) sale of its roughly $4 billion stake in Facebook in order to fund its acquisition of LinkedIn, " he said in a research report Friday. "The timing and magnitude of Microsoft's selling is uncertain and may in fact have already occurred in part or in whole since the end of Q3."

Facebook also has been fending off a public relations problem over "fake news" generated by its users since the November election, and it's been fixing metrics advertising use to judge the audience reach of their ads on Facebook.

Google-owner Alphabet, meanwhile, is now May's top pick among U.S. internet stocks.

"Relative to Amazon and Facebook, we see five key factors likely favoring GOOGL shares near term," May said.

The top reason? "Our recent checks suggest core search growth may not slow as much as most are forecasting, which could drive upside to (Google's Q4 and 2017 estimates," May wrote.

Google apparently won't have the same kind of access to top officials at the Trump administration as it did during the Obama administration. But Google did announce a new stock repurchase program when reporting Q3 earnings.

Apple

"Thus far in 2016, Apple's stock has risen by 7% and trailing the 10% increase in the S&P 500 Index. This follows Apple's 5% stock price decline in 2015 that underperformed the 1% decline in the S&P 500 Index," said Brian White, a Drexel Hamilton analyst, in a research report.

"Given this weak stock performance over the past couple of years, and our expectation of a more durable iPhone cycle that can return the company to more consistent sales growth, we look forward to 2017," White said.

Worries that Trump trade policies or future comments over Taiwan could raise tensions with China's government remain a concern, because of iPhone sales in China.

Amazon

The e-commerce leader's shares rose 0.1% on Friday and a more-impressive 3.8% for the week.

Amazon's Relative Strength line, however, has been falling. And the stock has traded below its 50-day line since Oct. 28.

Amazon stock is working on a flat base with a potential 847.31 buy point. During the Presidential campaign, Trump called Amazon a monopoly and said it benefited from unfair tax advantages. Trump also has feuded with the Washington Post, which is owned individually by Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos.

Netflix

Netflix stock fell 0.3% to 112.88.

Netflix, however, recently was added to the IBD Leaderboard of top-performing stocks, as it had neared a possible cup-with-handle buy point of 129.40.

Among the FANG stocks, it's the only one that's long stayed above its 50-day line, dating to late September.

One worry for Netflix is that the Trump administration could reverse net neutrality rules that govern internet traffic, adding to Netflix's costs.

Loading the player...

RELATED:

Snapchat Owner Snap Reportedly Files For A Confidential IPO

Amazon Set To Disrupt Retailers In Apparel, Groceries, Services

Will AT&T DirecTV Now Launch Herald Net Neutrality's End? 
2016-10-06
New Products Point to Increasingly Diverse Opportunities for Alphabet Inc Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has just upped the ante in the battle of consumer tech ecosystems.

The company released details for multiple hardware products this week, including its Pixel smartphones, Daydream View virtual reality headset, a 4K-compatible Chromecast Ultra, and Google Home smart assistant, among others. Together, these offerings create an attractive portfolio of products that can compete with the best that major rivals have to offer.

In this segment, Motley Fool analyst David Kretzmann joins CCTV America to break down the new products and their potential impact on the competitive landscape.

A full transcript follows the video.

This segment was recorded on Oct. 4, 2016.

Michelle Makori: All right. Let's get more on the future of Google with David Kretzmann from the Motley Fool. David, thanks for joining us.

David Kretzmann: Thanks for having me.

Makori: David, Google wants us to start looking at it as a hardware company. Today, it announced a variety of new made-by-Google products. Let's start with that new Pixel phone. Who should be most threatened by this? Apple?

Kretzmann: I don't think Apple's actually going to lose much sleep over the Pixel phone. I would actually be more worried if I'm Samsung with the Note and Galaxy line, especially after some of their phones were exploding a month ago. I think entrenched Android users with Samsung will be more likely to adopt the Pixel phone rather than Apple users switching over to the Pixel. So we'll see, but I would be more worried if I'm Samsung than if I'm Apple.

Makori: Google has sold another line of phones before, since 2010, called the Nexus, but those devices haven't gained any traction. Why is this phone so different?

Kretzmann: This one is different, because Google is really taking more of the process with hardware and software rather than just the software, which is more the route they took with the Nexus line. This is also a higher end phone going for $650 or more, so a higher end phone, Google has more control and input over the hardware and software, which theoretically should be a product in Google's eyes that consumers will flock to more than the Nexus.

Makori: David, you mentioned Samsung. With Google's push into its own hardware, does this now alienate the manufacturers that use its Android operating system like Samsung?

Kretzmann: It'll be interesting to see. I see this as a more serious push by Google into the hardware space, so if I'm Samsung, I would see this as a threat. I don't know if it will really impact the relationship as far as Android goes, because Android is the world's most widely adopted mobile operating system. That's a very powerful platform, so I don't know, but if I'm Samsung, like I said, I would be worried that more of their customers would be going to Google's new phone.

Makori: David, we just saw some footage over there of the new virtual reality platform and headset that Google announced, Daydream View, made from fabric, more flexible. It goes on sale in November, and they're aiming for it to make it onto Christmas shopping lists. What's your reaction to this?

Kretzmann: It still remains to be seen if virtual reality will hit the mainstream this year. I have my doubts that this will really be a mass market product. I think you'll see some early adopters continue to gravitate toward these virtual reality solutions. We also have the Oculus from Facebook, so there are more and more solutions out here. I think this is a nice step for Google, but I remain to be convinced that this is what will really push virtual reality into the mainstream.

Makori: You know, David, speaking of mainstream, Google's certainly upping the ante in the digital assistance space with its new home device going against Amazon's Alexa and Apple's Siri. When do you see the whole voice-activated home assistant device space really catching on?

Kretzmann: Artificial intelligence is certainly here to stay. Obviously, you have Apple with Siri. You have Alexa with Amazon and the Echo device. Google really made a big push into the smart home today with Google Home, really trying to connect devices through voice and have all those devices be interconnected so you can talk to your Google Chromecast, your Google Home, your Google tablets, your smartphone of course, so really communicating across all these devices. I think people really will see artificial intelligence become more ingrained in their daily lives, and that's really what it comes down to for Apple, Google, and Amazon. It's a competition among ecosystems, and I think artificial intelligence is one avenue to strengthen those ecosystems. As people get more used to utilizing artificial intelligence in their daily lives, that makes ecosystems for all three of those companies all the more powerful.

Makori: Yeah. Absolutely. Let's take this another direction quickly, David. Lots of ground to cover. Google and parent company Alphabet have also been building and operating self-driving vehicles, and Google's saying today that its end goal is not to make autonomous cars but to create autonomous drivers to pilot them. What's your take on that?

Kretzmann: You're seeing a lot of companies go that route, whether it's Uber or Lyft, and you also have Ford and GM and the established automakers going that direction. I think Google is opting more for building the software of the operating system for self-driving cars. As you mentioned, the company is not trying to get into the business of auto manufacturing itself, but a million lives are lost globally on roads at the hand of car accidents, so there's a huge opportunity here to improve the well-being of people's lives around the world who lose their lives or get seriously injured in car accidents. Google really looks to focus on high-impact avenues, whether it's self-driving cars or smartphones or things in medicine. Whatever it might be, the company really looks to tackle these key issues, and I think self-driving cars, it's an important issue. I don't think they'll be readily adopted any time soon, in the next couple years, but we'll see. More and more companies pour resources into that technology. How Alphabet Inc Is Dangerous For AT&T Stock Owners (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ ... AT&T (NYSE:T) is not a company that is used to being defensive. Typically, AT&T is the aggressor. It operates in an industry where it is half of a duopoly, and in all the sub industries where it conducts business, it is by far the largest and most powerful. Yet, it appears that AT&T has met its match in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). The search giant is going right after AT&T s largest, most important industries, and there is nothing AT&T can do about it.

Granted, the AT&T stock bull will say that Google is no threat. However, with a larger market capitalization, a stronger balance sheet, and being one of the smartest technology companies in history, Alphabet is proving to be very dangerous for AT&T stock and company.

Alphabet s Google Fiber arrives

Consider the fact that AT&T and Alphabet launched their respective high-speed broadband services at the same time. Alphabet launched Google Fiber and AT&T had GigaPower. Each boasted speeds up to 1 Gbps. With AT&T s existing infrastructure (U-Verse), it is no question that the telecom giant had a huge head start on Google Fiber. In fact, Goldman Sachs figured back in 2013 that if Google Fiber were to reach every household in America, it would cost $140 billion! That s an expense that not even Alphabet can swallow easily.

However, something very odd has happened in the battle between AT&T GigaPower and Google Fiber. Alphabet has successfully convinced city ordinances around the country that more broadband service providers are good for customers. This has been Alphabet s approach since Day 1 to reduce costs, an argument the company first made in Kansas City and Austin, TX.

By doing so, Google is getting approvals to use its fiber on existing utility poles that provide broadband services, many of which are owned by its competitor AT&T. We just saw it happen again in Nashville, when the city approved  One Touch Make Ready  regulation to allow this practice. What this means is that Alphabet can greatly reduce those large expected costs by piggybacking the investments that AT&T has already made. It really is genius, and instantly makes Google Fiber and Alphabet a real threat to AT&T.

AT&T Fiber proof of defensive play

With that said, the AT&T stock owner will argue that high-speed broadband is only a piece of the company s business, about 10%. It is not really that important. Furthermore, those same investors will also argue that while Google Fiber has gotten some help from city officials, it only puts Alphabet on a level playing field, not an advantage.

Well, that s a fair point. However, consider the fact that AT&T is now changing the name of GigaPower to AT&T Fiber! Why would it do that? The answer is simple, to better compete against a Google Fiber that is stealing market share and creating havoc in each market it enters. Yes, it seems like a simple name change, but fact is it s Alphabet s name. Fiber belongs to Google, and AT&T s decision to change and use it illustrates a bit of desperation to gain lost ground.

All things considered, let s say Google Fiber really is causing problems for AT&T s broadband business. Sure, that s great for Google, but the argument remains that we re only talking about 10% of AT&T s business, so not a meaningful loss for AT&T stock. However, that s where AT&T stock owners don t see the bigger picture.

Alphabet is dangerous for AT&T stock owners

Google Fiber is not just broadband internet, but also very efficient TV. Look where AT&T has made its biggest investments the last five years, in TV. Ever since Google changed its name to Alphabet, it has very quickly targeted AT&T s business and has tried to weaken the giant. There are far more examples than Google Fiber.

Just look Alphabet s Pixel phone announcement. Notice how it is exclusive to Verizon Communications Inc (NYSE:VZ)? I think it is because Verizon is not much of a threat. Verizon can not even keep its broadband promises to the state of New York, and after making a horrible $100 billion investment for full ownership of Verizon Wireless, Verizon itself has quite a hole to dig itself out of.

Furthermore, Alphabet s router ambitions haven t exactly panned out, but Google Wifi does have the capabilities to expand Wi-Fi usage and take a bite out of wireless data consumption. Alphabet keeps investing in these Wi-Fi related technologies, and innovating the technology to make Wi-Fi work better. It is a matter of time before consumers realize the products that Alphabet has in the pipeline to reduce data consumption and increase performance with speeds like 1 Gbps.

Therefore, I think it is quite obvious from Google Fiber s continuous wins to piggyback AT&T s assets; AT&T s name change to Fiber; the video implications of Google Fiber; and Alphabet s ongoing work with Wi-Fi that AT&T stock owners should be very worried about Alphabet. Google Canceled the Launch of a Robotic Arm After it Failed the 'Toothbrush Test' Google published research this week detailing how its software enables robots to learn from one another. To demonstrate, the company s scientists showed videos featuring robotic arms whirling inside its labs.

Google s robotics group built those machines and wanted to sell them to manufacturers, warehouse operators and others. However, executives at Google parent Alphabet Inc. nixed the plan because it failed Chief Executive Officer Larry Page s "toothbrush test," a requirement that the company only ship products used daily by billions of people, according to people familiar with the situation.

Robotic arms Source: Google

The verdict came around the end of 2015, just before the Google robotics unit moved to X, Alphabet s research lab. Roboticists who worked on the project voiced frustration with Google s caution, echoing sentiment at other divisions outside Google s core internet business, like its self-driving car unit, which display technical prowess but have yet to ship products.

"It was still a prototype, but it had a lot of advantages," James Kuffner, chief technology officer at the Toyota Research Institute who previously led Google s robotics unit, said about the arm. "The team worked really hard. If it had been entirely up to me I would have shipped it. But it was not."

Google spokesman Jason Freidenfelds said there are no plans to sell the machines. "We re using them to do basic research on how machine learning might help robots be a bit more coordinated -- a promising field of research, but still very early days." Courtney Hohne, a spokeswoman for Alphabet s X, declined to comment.

Google built around 50 of the robotic arms capable of lifting about 10 pounds each, according to one person familiar with the project. They were designed by Meka Robotics, a startup Google acquired in 2013, according to another person. People inside the robotics division pushed to release the machines at a relatively low price, undercutting other entrants in the small but growing market for light, collaborative robots. The people asked not to be identified discussing an internal project.

One of those companies, Universal Robots, was acquired by Teradyne Inc. for $285 million in 2015. Its models often cost more than $20,000.

The unreleased arm is another sign of trouble at Google s rudderless robotics division. A slew of startups joined in 2013, thanks to an acquisition spree by former Android chief Andy Rubin. He left the following year, and Google ported the robotics teams into X for a reboot. Earlier this year, Google moved to sell the largest of these groups, Boston Dynamics, after tensions arose internally. Google hasn t yet sold the unit.

Brand Protection

Still, frustration with Google s hesitancy to release unrefined products extends beyond its experimental divisions. Page often encourages Googlers to pursue "moonshots" that are risky but could have huge impact. This sometimes results in smaller, more practical products and services being shelved or remaining research projects for years.

Kuffner compared Google s approach to that of Amazon.com Inc., which starting selling its voice-controlled Echo speaker two years ago. "When it was first released it was pretty miserable. It was very unreliable," he said in a recent interview. "But they shipped it. That allowed them to get consumer feedback, to iterate quickly, to rapidly improve it. And now they ve shipped lots of units."

On Tuesday, Google released its own wireless speaker that operates similarly to the Echo.

When Google considers releasing a product, it has to protect its brand, which is among the most valuable in the world, Kuffner said.

"There s risk associated with something that could be sub-par," he added. "No executive is going to get it right all the time. It s a hard balance and a hard line to walk because on the one hand you want to launch and ship early, but on the other hand you want to protect your brand."

The robotics field needs more of Amazon s approach, where products go out early and are iterated, Kuffner said.

Richer Repertoires

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Although Alphabet abandoned shipping the robotic arms, it has not put them to rest completely. Its latest papers, a collaboration between researchers at several Alphabet units, demonstrate a groundbreaking technique called "collective learning" applied to robotics. After the fleet of arms were trained on Google s algorithms to open a certain type of door, for instance, they were able to replicate the action with doors they had never seen before.

"The skills learned by the robots are still relatively simple -- pushing objects and opening doors," the researchers wrote, "but by learning such skills more quickly and efficiently through collective learning, robots might in the future acquire richer behavioral repertoires that could eventually make it possible for them to assist us in our daily lives." Alphabet's Verily Joins Zika Fight With Sterile Mosquito Lab Alphabet Inc. s health technology company, Verily Life Sciences LLC, is joining the fight against insect-borne Zika virus by automating the breeding and sorting of sterile mosquitoes that can reduce wild populations.

Verily has developed machines and sensors that can automatically rear, count, feed, sort and transport the Aedes aegypti mosquito that carries Zika, said Linus Upson, head of engineering.

Automation will  dramatically lower the costs,  Upson said in a telephone interview, declining to provide any specific numbers.

The call for new mosquito control mechanisms has been growing as the Zika virus has alarmed public health authorities with its rapid spread and potentially serious effects on unborn babies. As of Sept. 28, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said there were 3,625 cases in the U.S. states and 22,069 in U.S. territories, mainly in Puerto Rico.

Sterile Mosquitoes

Sterile mosquitoes have long been considered as a strategy to control mosquito populations and limit the spread of Zika, dengue, chikungunya, yellow fever and other pathogens carried by the pests. Female Aedes aegypti mosquitoes typically mate only once in their lifetimes, and introducing large numbers of sterile males can stymie breeding and cut populations.

However, overwhelming numbers of male mosquitoes are needed to be successful: in some pilot projects, a ratio of 100 sterile mosquitoes for every single wild mosquito was used, according to Upson. That has made it financially unfeasible to test at scale, he said.

Intrexon Corp. s Oxitec unit is also working on sterile-insect technology, using genetically modified male mosquitoes. Meanwhile the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation is taking a different tack, using infected male and female bugs to spread a bacteria called Wolbachia throughout a broad population. The Wolbachia bacteria suppresses the ability of the mosquitoes to harbor and transmit diseases.

Infected Bugs

Verily is also using Wolbachia but plans to use only infected males, which create unviable eggs when mating with wild females. The company is breeding mosquitoes in a lab in Mountain View, California, and hopes to start a pilot project in early 2017, according to Linus. It s still searching for a location to run its study.

Verily is one of Alphabet s new ventures, residing in the tech giant s so-called Other Bets division alongside smart-home device maker Nest and fast Internet service provider Fiber. In the second quarter, Other Bets generated $185 million in revenue and Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said that mostly came from Nest, Fiber and Verily, in that order.

Upson, who made his name as co-creater of Google s Chrome browser, said that Verily doesn t have a business model in mind and hasn t figured out how the  Debug Project  will generate revenue.

 One of the wonderful things about working at Google and now, Verily, is that we get to go after really big and ambitious problems even though we don t know how it will work out,  he said. However, he noted that the mosquito-borne diseases are a large economic burden.  There will be a sustainable way to turn this into a business.  Google-Parent, Alphabet Inc. Forced To Respond To Changes Suggested By The EU ... Google's parent company, Alphabet Inc. is being forced by the European Union's division for regulating competition to change some of its business practices. The tech giant has up until Oct. 31 to respond, or face penalties regarding alleged violation of antitrust rules.

Alphabet Inc. has been accused of violating the EU-imposed rules against monopoly, as well as abusing its dominance over its market. Google has significant claim over searches shares at about 90 percent since 2009 on mobile devices in most of the countries under the European Economic Area, The Wall Street Journal reported.

The European Commission had been known to look into Google's business operations for at least five years. Its apparent dominance over the search engine market had prompted EU's executive body over concerns of abuse of power, and even monopoly.

The EU executive body had given the Silicon Valley-based company an Oct. 31 deadline to provide evidence whether it may or may not have been abusing its power to block out competitors.

The charges stem from Google's influence over Android mobile devices, which raised concerns whether the technological giant is deliberately blocking competitors' from reaching its users, according to Reuters.

Alphabet is being accused of intentionally harming consumers' relationship with other technological companies by requiring Android users to use pre-installed Google apps such as Chrome, as well as Google's search engine.

The Oct. 31 deadline is at its fourth extension, although it has been for only the Android case. The newly imposed deadlines for other related cases are Oct. 26, and Oct. 13, of which are cases related to online advertising and sales.

The extensions had been granted by the EU following Google's request for additional time to fully assess, and review the charges' documents. The commission had deemed the request valid, and effectively allowing the defendant to "exercise its rights of defence."

Google can potentially be hit by a $7-billion fine if the commission finds sufficient evidence that the U.S. tech company is guilty of harming its competitors with "unhealthy" business practice. 
2016-09-20
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Buys API.AI To Help Developers Build Better Bots Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has revealed its acquisition of startup company API.AI. The company claims that the acquisition of the startup will allow the company to create smarter bots that are easier to talk to.

The acquisition was appealing to Alphabet because the startup has the right tools for natural language understanding and speech recognition. Alphabet revealed the acquisition though it did not reveal the terms of the acquisition deal. The company also didn t reveal how it would integrate API.AI s technology.

 API.AI has a proven track record for helping developers design, build and continuously improve their conversational interfaces,  stated Scott Huffman, vice president of engineering at Google.

Huffman pointed out that more than 60,000 developers use API.AI to create conventional experiences for different environments such as Kik and the Facebook Messenger from Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB). The VP also noted that the startup offers one of the best user interface platforms and this will help Alphabet to empower developers.

 Joining Google will allow us to accelerate improvements to the platform and service our growing developer community in ways we ve always dreamed,  claims Ilya Gelfenbeyn, CEO of API.AI.

The startup s CEO stated that his company will benefit from Google s infrastructure, knowledge and support to come up with the best developments and technologies in machine learning and AI. A few months ago, Alphabet launched a new Google Cloud Natural Language API that lets users reveal the meaning and structure of a text. The company also has an upcoming messaging app known as Allo that understands natural language.

API also has a lot to offer once it becomes part of Google. The startup is versatile as far as language is concerned with support for 15 languages including German, English, French and Chinese. It also has more than 3 million API requests according to a counter on its home page.

Alphabet stock closed the latest trading session at $128.65, down by $0.42 or 0.33% from the previous trading session. The stock had a trading volume of 14.96 million shares.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Waze Teams Up With INRIX Data To Aid In ... Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has teamed up with INRIX Holdings Limited in order to enable the Waze application to specify parking for the convenience of the applications users.

Often the journey from point A to point B is reasonable, the parking, however, can lead to being a difficult ordeal. Certainly, more so if the destination is that of a popular, densely populated area.

Although it is true that parking will not always be an issue, depending on the destination in question. It has been estimated, however, through data recorded by IRNIX Holdings Limited, that the average driver can waste up to 55 hours searching for parking alone in a year.

The Benefits of Google Waze equipped with INRIX Data

INRIX announced during a press release that they have been working on Waze with google to ensure that it s already nifty data features   such as reporting traffic build up on the current route or predicted route, these features have now been further developed with the ability to assist in finding a viable parking spot for the users vehicle.

How Will This Parking Feature Work On Waze

The application will work the exact same as before, however, once the user is near to their destination the application will ask whether or not the user wishes to be directed to a parking space if  YES  is selected; then the final destination will be superseded by the nearest parking space available.

In addition to the already useful parking function, the application will filter parking spaces available based on price. This data that INRIX is equipped with comes from previous partnerships with companies such as ParkMe and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.

There are further speculations that this application will be a crucial part of Google s autonomous vehicle parking system aiding not only in the route but also in the navigation to the final parking location of each journey. 
2016-09-16
Alphabet Inc Is on Breakout Watch (GOOGL) Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) has climbed for the past couple days as the Nasdaq-100   represented by the PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (ETF) (NASDAQ: QQQ )   earned a bid on the back of top component Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ). Apple is in the midst of one of its sharpest multiday rallies in history. As a result, though, GOOGL stock is itching to break higher out of a constructive consolidation phase.

When I last discussed shares of Alphabet on Aug. 5, I offered that the stock s path of least resistance pointed higher. While GOOGL has largely traded sideways since, in the bigger picture, things remain as constructive for shares as ever.

After GOOGL stock gapped higher and rallied following the late-July earnings report, it settled into a consolidation phase that, barring any significant outside disruptions, should remain the technical base from which Alphabet could begin its next leg higher.

Before looking at the charts, here are a few words regarding the importance of knowing one s index and/or ETF. (I promise this matters.)

AAPL is the largest fixture of the Nasdaq-100 and QQQ at about 11%. Google   made up of its Class A and Class C shares   is the second-largest holding. When an index s two largest holdings are making notable moves higher, respect the price action. Because not only can it move the index itself higher in a meaningful way, but it can begin to  infect  other holdings.

GOOGL Stock Charts

On the multiyear weekly chart, we see that the major trend higher is taking place in a well-defined channel (black parallels). After reaching the upper end of the channel in early February of this year, GOOGL stock slipped into a bigger-picture consolidation phase that also allowed the stock to re-set and revisit the lower end of the channel. The rally in Alphabet that began in late June has since pushed shares back toward the upper end of trend. But they haven t touched the upper trend line just yet.

In other words, all else being equal, GOOGL stock should have some upside left in it for the time being.



Click to Enlarge

On the daily chart, we see that after Alphabet stock gapped higher in late July and overcame previous horizontal resistance (black horizontal), it settled into a consolidation phase as marked by the blue box. This consolidation phase, which is taking place above previous technical resistance, has allowed its moving averages to catch up. For example, we see that the yellow 50-day simple moving average currently matches up with the lower end of the consolidation phase. This adds at least a little more technical support.



Click to Enlarge

When GOOGL stock finally cracks upward and out of this multiweek consolidation phase is anyone s guess. But considering that big, round numbers can act as considerable technical resistance (or support), it does make sense that the stock is finding it difficult to clear this consolidation phase taking place around the $800 mark.

A daily close above $812 could trigger a next leg higher toward $840-$850.

Like what you see? Sign up for our daily Beat the Bell e-letter and get Serge s investment advice delivered to your inbox every morning! Download Serge s Free Special Report: 6 Keys for Successful Trading and Investing.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc: Can Anyone Make the Case Against GOOG Stock? By Phil Hall, B.A. Published : September 16, 2016

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), the parent company of Google, commands respect as one of the most consistent stocks in the modern economy. Indeed, money manager and research firm Bespoke Investment Group, LLC estimated last month that anyone who had retained GOOG stock purchased 12 years ago during its $85.00-per-share initial public offering (IPO) would have seen those shares increase in value by 1,780%.

But here is something for those with a pessimistic streak that constantly see doom and gloom in every inch of the world: is it possible to structure a solid argument that GOOG stock s dozen-year run cannot go on much longer?

Google Stock Following Multiple Leaders

On the surface, making an argument against Google stock seems like the ultimate in foolishness. After all, the very word  Google  has become synonymous with search engines, and the Google web site handles about 3.5 billion search queries a day. (And if you don t believe me, look it up on Google and make query number 3.5 billion plus one!)

But in reviewing its history, a striking element is realizing that Google has been curiously late in getting involved in many of the basic corners of Internet life. For example, its  Gmail  e-mail service did not become available to the public until 2007, while the  Google Chrome  web browser didn t go online until 2008. And the  Google+  social media network wasn t ready until 2011, long after Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) took dominance of that online sector. (Some would argue that Google+ is still not ready for prime time, but that s another story.) More recently, Google is making up for lost ground by trying to challenge the  FaceTime  app with its  Google Duo  product, and it is taking on Uber Technologies Inc. and Lyft, Inc. with a carpool invitation feature in its  Waze  social navigation app.

On a more prominent scale, Google s late-to-the-party behavior has been on display in the cloud computing market. And the company certainly has work cut out for it Alphabet ranks a distant third behind Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) among cloud computing entities, and  Google Cloud  is such a minor aspect of the wider corporate environment that it is not even cited in Alphabet s quarterly earnings report. (Source:  Can Google Cloud Really Catch Up With The Cloud Leaders? , AmigoBulls, August 16, 2016.)

Yes, Google stock is quickly playing cloud computing catch-up through its recent $625.0-million purchase of the application programming interface (API) platform provider Apigee Corp., which is designed to strengthen Google s enterprise offerings. (Source:  Here s Why Google Is Acquiring Apigee,  Forbes, September 13, 2016.)

But the obvious question, it seems, is why did Google wait so long strengthen its position here?

One problem might be that Google stock is going in so many different directions that its  planning process could be the digital equivalent of throwing spaghetti at the wall. Some of its ideas, such as the computer eyewear  Google Glass  and the company s self-driving car project, attracted more media attention than customers. Curiously, a relatively benign endeavor like the U.S. version of  Google Compare for Mortgages,  an online comparison services for home loans that was launched last November amid heavy publicity, was shut down after an extremely brief four-month run, due to unspecified problems. (Source:  Google Shuts Down Mortgage Compare Service,  National Mortgage Professional Magazine, February 26, 2016.)

But while Google was wise enough to pull the plug on its mortgage site once failure became apparent, sometimes the company is unwilling to admit it is making a mistake:  Google Access,  formerly  Google Fiber,  only acquired 200,000 subscribers in the two years following its 2012 launch, and today doesn t even bother to count how many people are using it, although it is obviously far below the original five-million target. ( Google Fiber Has Been a Huge Disappointment,  Madison.com, August 29, 2016.)

O Ye of Little Faith in Google Stock

Yes, Google can be accused of being a few steps back from the cutting edge and in a seemingly perpetual state of trying to catch leaders when it comes to breaking new ground in products and services. But none of this appears to have dented GOOG stock.

When Alphabet announced its second-quarter earnings in July, the company posted earnings of $8.42 a share on $21.5 billion in revenue, which is a good step above the analysts  expected earnings of $8.04 a share on $20.76 billion in revenue. Alphabet also stated that its quarterly sales rose 21 percent year over year, while its investment arm Google Ventures (now known as GV) enjoyed $185.0 million in revenue for the quarter, which is above analysts  expectations of $168.2 million. (Source:  Google parent Alphabet s earnings: $8.42 per share, vs. expected EPS of $8.04,  CNBC, July 28, 2016.)

The healthy earnings report was greeted with enthusiasm through most the industry, with  buy  ratings being reissued or reaffirmed by the likes of Jefferies Group LLC (NYSE:JEF), Argus Research Inc., Deutsche Bank AG and Mizuho Financial Group, Inc., and Vetr Inc. raising its rating from  hold  to  buy.  Wedbush Securities was the odd man out here, reissuing a  neutral  rating. (Source:  Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group,  The Cerbat Gem, September 12, 2016.)

And, to its credit, Google stock has a knack of putting its money in the right companies at the right time, most notably when its October 2015 investment in the software developer Niantic, Inc. paid off this summer with that company s monster hit game Pok mon Go.

Don t laugh, but a Nobel Prize in Medicine could be in the company s future. Google s subsidiary Verily Life Sciences LLC s new joint-venture partnership with French drugmaker Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) is on track to develop the next generation of treatment solutions for diabetes care. (Source:  Sanofi (SNY) forms Diabetes Joint Venture with Alphabet,  NASDAQ, September 12, 2016.)

The Takeaway Regarding GOOG Stock

Yes, it is puzzling that a very successful company like Google is too often elbowing its way to a forefront carved out by other entities. But that peculiar habit has not diluted the effectiveness and attractiveness of GOOG stock.

This is not to say that GOOG stock may someday find itself much too late to the party, or that other more nimble companies will muscle them off to the fringes. But in the current environment, there does not appear to be any fear of that happening.

Can a case be made against GOOG stock? Sorry to disappoint the chronic naysayers, but that case cannot be made by this writer. Alphabet buys Urban Engines to supercharge Google Maps Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, has acquired Urban Engines Inc., a Big Data startup that specializes in using location analytics to power smart urban planning.

Urban Engines will be joining the Google Maps team, and while the startup did not say exactly how Google will be using its tools, the Urban Engines team did say that it s  excited to combine forces to help organizations better understand how the world moves. 

Like many professions in recent years, urban planning has been reshaped by the Big Data explosion. Thanks to tools like Bluetooth beacons, computer vision and so on, city planners have more data than ever on foot and and vehicle traffic, and companies like Urban Engines are offering tools to sift through that data and offer valuable insights on how to better design roads, public spaces and more.

 With the rapid growth in sensors (GPS, beacons, etc.) on smartphones and cars and transit, we are now truly in the age of Internet of Moving Things,  the Urban Engines team said in a blog post.  The potential to improve the lives of millions of commuters, by learning from commuting behavior patterns, reshaping congestion and creating new consumer services in each minute-mile is incredible. In fact, we have an opportunity to create an urban OS   an intelligent software overlay for our real world. 

Real life SimCity

Urban Engines explained that accurately gathering city-wide location and time data in a single-moment snapshot is incredibly difficult and requires a significant amount of computing power. That s why the startup had to build specialized algorithms for dealing with the information while also relying on cloud computing.

 For us CS geeks, space/time data is a new  data type  with exciting new scaling and algorithmic challenges,  Urban Engines explained.  Over the past few years, we created Warp   a powerful, new space/time engine that stitches together millions of commuters and vehicles with special algorithms and cloud power.

 For example, how to reconstruct the flow of millions of commuters each day, how to analyze and learn from hotspots from this data at a large scale, and optimize trade-offs in  what if scenarios  using large-scale emulations of real-world systems (like in SimCity). 

Neither Urban Engines nor Alphabet have revealed how this location data system will be used by Google Maps. But the service potentially could be used to help predict traffic patterns and feed valuable road analysis to Google s self-driving vehicle projects.

Image courtesy of Urban Engines 
2016-09-14
Gmail Down? Alphabet Inc Confirms World-Wide Outage Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG ,NASDAQ: GOOGL ) reported that users of Google s e-mail service would be unable to access the feature for a few hours Wednesday.

Gmail was down for users all around the world early in the day, with U.S. users among those hit the hardest. Users in the UK and the rest of Europe also experienced quite a bit of problems in the afternoon, or the morning for workers stateside.

Some were affected during the workday, with Gchat conversations disconnecting in the middle of the day. The issue began at approximately 11:16 p.m. ET.

At the time, Alphabet connected with its users through its Apps Status dashboard, reporting that it was investigating the matter and an update would be issued shortly. No further comments were sent by the company.

Corporate users were hit just as hard, despite the search engine s desire to make its apps more reliable and convenient for this strata of users. This includes Dow Jones Industrial Average employees, as well as other publications such as the parent company of The Wall Street Journal.

At around 12:40 p.m. ET, the company said that Gmail service had been fixed for most users, and Alphabet added details on how to try and restore your e-mail if the issue happens again.

Disabling your Gmail service in your Admin Console UI, saving your changes, turning it back on and saving the changes again may help restore your service, or at the very least save your progress.

GOOG stock is up 0.6% Wednesday. GOOGL shares surged 0.6%.

More From InvestorPlace: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Partnerships with Sanofi and Chipotle Headline A Busy Week Google parent Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) was founded in 2015 to allow for more transparency regarding the company s subsidiaries that are unrelated to its core product, the search engine. These subsidiaries, such as X and Google Ventures, are constantly working on life-changing products, such as self-driving cars and virtual reality. This past week, Verily Life Sciences, Alphabet s life science subsidiary, announced a new partnership whose mission is to change the way diabetes is monitored.

Verily and French pharmaceutical company Sanofi SA (ADR) (NYSE:SNY) announced that they will be investing $500 million in a joint venture called Onduo, whose goal will be to address global diabetes. Onduo s main focus will be on Type II diabetes, which affects 90% of patients afflicted with the disease. It develops due to the body s inability to properly use the insulin produced by the pancreas. The current treatment consists of dietary change, monitoring of blood sugar levels and insulin injections to correct the blood sugar levels.

Sanofi is currently a worldwide leader in the production of diabetes drugs while Verily has more experience with software and electronic development. The companies plan to  leverage Verily s experience in miniaturized electronics, analytics, and consumer software development, with Sanofi s clinical expertise and experience in bringing innovative treatments to people living with diabetes. 

Onudo hopes to introduce advances in how diabetes is monitored and treated. Diabetes is one of the most common and lucrative diseases in the world with close to 600 million people affected. Patients with the disease are desperate for a company to develop a better blood glucose monitor. Sanofi and Verily are excited about its joint venture because they don t have to rely on the  10-year development cycle of a pharmaceutical asset  and they can  start to innovate today. 

Alphabet s busy week continued with its announcement of a second major partnership that could help change the landscape of food delivery. Project Wing, an extension of Alphabet s innovation lab X, has partnered up with Chipotle to test autonomous flights and deliveries. The companies will use an automated drone, with human pilots on standby, to deliver burritos from a Chipotle food truck to a group of students and employees at Virginia Tech. The drones will hover above its target and lower the package using a winch.

Alphabet has tested real-world test flights before, almost two years ago, but this is the company s first delivery that involves customers. Mark Blanks, director of the Mid-Atlantic Aviation Partnership, claims that this project is  the most complex delivery flight operation  in U.S. history. Alphabet is using this test to monitor how well the drones fly and if the packaging can protect and keep the food warm.

Alphabet envisions its drone technology to significantly change society and the economy. It believes the integration of drone deliveries will reduce carbon emissions and change the way consumers shop. Before this can happen, companies will have to convince the FAA that drones can avoid crashing and safely navigate, using robotic technology, to drop spots. Alphabet anticipates its partnership with Chipotle will be the first major step to achieving this goal. Alphabet Inc Is Set To Monetize AlphaGo Technology Alphabet's DeepMind Artificial Intelligence (AI) company announced AI-based speech generation technology WaveNet.

WaveNet uses neural network technology related to those used in AlphaGo, DeepMind's breakthroughs Go-playing program.

WaveNet efficiently generates realistic human voices, reducing the gap to human-level performance by over 50 percent.

A few months ago Amigobulls covered the spectacular story of Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) AlphaGo, the first Artificial Intelligence (AI) program to beat the world's top-ranked human Go player. Before AlphaGo, beating a top ranked Go player was thought to be a remote, ten years in the future goal for AI. The AlphaGo breakthrough has been rightfully hailed as an important milestone for AI.

But one doesn't make much money playing Go. Top Go players do make very good money with prizes and sponsors in places like Japan and Korea where the game is very popular, but of course, Alphabet is after much bigger money than that. In other words, the company needs to convert its research results into commercial products.

Also Read: Artificial Intelligence And Machine Learning To Power The Alphabet Cloud

AlphaGo was developed by Google DeepMind, a British AI company founded in 2010 as DeepMind Technologies and acquired by Google in 2014. For AlphaGo, DeepMind created deep neural networks that learn how to play games in a similar fashion to humans and appear to mimic key cognitive aspects of the human brain. But advanced deep neural networks have many applications besides games, and some applications have clear commercial value.

A few days ago DeepMind announced WaveNet, a deep generative model of raw audio waveforms was able to generate speech that mimics any human voice and sounds more natural than the best existing Text-to-Speech (TTS) systems, reducing the gap with the human performance by over 50 percent.

"Allowing people to converse with machines is a long-standing dream of human-computer interaction," reads the DeepMind announcement, which notes that the ability of computers to understand natural speech has been revolutionized in the last few years by the application of deep neural networks. However, generating speech with computers is still based on old techniques where short speech fragments are recorded from a single speaker and recombined. "This makes it difficult to modify the voice (for example switching to a different speaker, or altering the emphasis or emotion of their speech) without recording a whole new database," emphasizes the announcement.

Voice recognition and generation technology powers all sorts of computer systems that interact with users by voice, from customer services switchboard systems to personal assistants on smartphones, such as Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Siri, Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Cortana, and Alphabet's own Google Now. The holy grail of voice synthesis is generating computer voices that sound and feel exactly like human voices. Samantha, the science-fictional AI assistant in the film "Her," played by the disembodied voice of Scarlett Johansson, able to sound totally human and communicate deep emotional content, is still a far goal, but the DeepMind announcement represents an important step in that direction.

Make no mistake, there's a lot of money in computer assistants that sound like people. Consumers love them, not only for their practical utility but also because many people miss emotionally satisfying interactions with other people. That people look to computers as friends is perhaps a sad symptom of existential malaise in today's society, but it's also a fact that consumer-facing businesses can't ignore.

For example, Microsoft has been testing its AI-powered chatbot technology in China with XiaoIce, a program that people can add as a friend on Chinese social networks. Now XiaoIce is a huge hit in China, millions of Chinese people chat with her every day, and some consider her as a loved friend. XiaoIce is significantly more sophisticated than current generation personal assistants and is able to conduct human-like conversations with simulated emotional content.

Xiaoice is a text chatbot, though - it doesn't have voice. Which is exactly what DeepMind's WaveNet could deliver to "computer friends," but also to personal assistants and business systems. CNBC notes that TTS synthesis is a technology that companies from Apple to Microsoft are interested in as they could be critical in making digital personal assistants such as Siri or Cortana smarter and more human-like.

The DeepMind announcement provides technical details of how WaveNet works. Basically, the system is a neural network that learns the characteristics of many different voices, male and female, based on which it models the raw waveform of the desired output audio signal, one sample at a time. DeepMind notes that training WaveNet on many speakers made it better at modeling a single speaker than training on that speaker alone, suggesting a form of transfer learning. More technical details are given in the research paper "WaveNet: A Generative Model For Raw Audio."

"For both Chinese and English, Google's current TTS systems are considered among the best worldwide, so improving on both with a single model is a major achievement," emphasizes the DeepMind announcement. "WaveNets reduce the gap between the state of the art and human-level performance by over 50% for both US English and Mandarin Chinese."

Conclusion

The path to commercial exploitation of WaveNet technology is clear: First, Alphabet can use its TTS technology to give an edge to its own voice interfaces over the competition. Second, the technology can be licensed to phone companies, car makers, call centers, computer game makers, and all enterprises that need voice-based interfaces. Though this is but a drop in the ocean of Alphabet's activities, it's an important one, which is good news for Alphabet investors. Alphabet Inc: Breakthrough Device Could Be Big for Google Stock By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : September 13, 2016

Google s New Technology is in the Field of Health and Medicine

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) and Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) have joined forces. If this seems like an unusual matchup, it is. Alphabet, also known as Google, does not make pharmaceuticals, and Sanofi s conception of  the cloud  is of the literal atmospheric variety. But it seems that Google stock will actually benefit from the company s plan to help diabetes patients.

Indeed, Google and Sanofi have combined forces to make life easier for people suffering from diabetes. It so happens that Alphabet Inc, aka Google, owns Verily Life Sciences LLC. Verily and Sanofi have formed a joint venture called Onduo. It so happens that diabetes has witnessed a virtual epidemic in the past few years. Google stock, as valuable as it has become, can gain even more from this association.

Indeed, diabetes treatments and related research are among the most profitable segments of the pharmaceutical industry. (Source:  Alphabet and pharma company Sanofi are teaming up to work on new diabetes treatments,  The Verge, September 12, 2016.) The Google/Sanofi matchup is quite literally a case of an algorithm bent to serve diabetes patients. The International Diabetes Federation expects there to be 592 million diabetes sufferers worldwide by 2035. (Source: Ibid.)

Google and Big Data Are One Key for Medical Advancement

Diabetes is a complex disease that requires patients to constantly monitor themselves. They do this by regularly measuring blood sugar levels. As you can imagine, not all patients can manage this all of the time. Here s where Google s algorithmic experience comes into play. Indeed, Sanofi s plan is brilliant because of its simplicity. Rather than altering the chemical composition of its treatments (which would require more regulatory tests and procedures), with Google s help, Sanofi has chosen to ensure that patients take their doses at the right time.

The new treatment focuses on monitoring patients in real time to adjust the relevant dose of anti-diabetes treatment as indicated by various sensors. The sensors are what Sanofi and Google will design through Onduo. Sanofi will supply its expertise in drug development, while Google will focus on the technology to analyze patients  data.

Diabetes might be the way that Google starts to tap into the profitable world of pharmaceuticals. It may not have a major effect on Google stock, but this is temporary. Google already has a presence in the health sector. And for good reason; last December, it created Verily Life Sciences LLC, which is a subsidiary to bring together all of its medical sector projects.

This the medicine of the future: connected medicine. The medicine of the future will not only involve chemical formulas and new ingredients; it will depend on the ability to process billions of data bits. This is why this is so important to GOOG stock. Japan report says Apple and Google engage in practices undermining competition in smartphone app market - Nikkei<AAPL.O><GOOGL.O>  
2016-12-14
Alphabet Inc.'s Self-Driving Car Project Becomes a Company, Gets a Name Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google self-driving car project is no longer just a project. Starting today, the tech company's self-driving car efforts have graduated from the Google X research unit, as one of Alphabet's "moonshots," to an official Alphabet business called Waymo.

"Waymo stands for a new way forward in mobility. We're a self-driving technology company with a mission to make it safe and easy for people and things to move around," Waymo said in a blog post on Tuesday.

Alphabet's launch of Waymo comes nearly eight years after the company began working on self-driving cars, but it enters what is quickly turning into a fiercely competitive market as Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA) asserts it is already including self-driving sensors in every vehicle and as other auto manufacturers, tech companies, and ride-hailing services explore ways to monetize the nascent technology.

Meet Waymo

Waymo was careful to emphasize that this is not the beginning of Alphabet's efforts in this important space, but rather the culmination of years of work.

"Waymo may be a new company, but we're building on advanced self-driving technology developed over many years at Google," said Waymo chief executive John Krafcik in the company's blog post.

Alphabet knew it was time for Waymo to begin the process of becoming its own company when the former Google X project completed "the world's first fully self driven car ride" in late 2015, Krafcik said. Navigating through Austin's suburbs with legally blind passenger Steve Mahan, Alphabet says the drive reflected everyday driving situations.

Mahan explained the importance of this milestone:

The ability to complete a fully self-driven trip on everyday public roads, with no test driver, was a big milestone for our team and the history of this technology. It was the signal that we could begin to shift our focus from foundational technical work toward launching our own company so we can offer many more rides, in more places, for more people.

Self-driving technology -- not self-driving cars

Interestingly, in conjunction with the announcement of Waymo today, Alphabet is reportedly backing off any plans to manufacture and sell its own self-driving cars, opting instead to partner with auto manufacturers in order to deploy the technology, according to The Information's Amir Efrati.

Alphabet has backed off plans to develop a revolutionary car without a steering wheel or pedals, at least for now, according to people close to the closely watched project. Instead, the self-driving car pioneer has settled on a more practical effort to partner with automakers to make a vehicle that drives itself but has traditional features for human drivers.

And a comment from Waymo's Krafcik during a press conference on Tuesday seems to confirm the new company's choice to abstain from auto manufacturing for now. "We've been really clear that we're not a car company," Krafcik said (via The New York Times). "We're not in the business of making better cars. We're in the business of making better drivers."

Alphabet's decision to refrain from manufacturing its own self-driving vehicles differs from Tesla's emphasis on both the self-driving technology and the manufacturing of self-driving vehicles and it means Tesla doesn't have to worry about the technology giant becoming a direct competitor -- for now. However, it's worth noting it was never certain Alphabet ever intended on manufacturing its own vehicles in the first place.

Given how competitive and capital intensive the auto market is, focusing solely on the self-driving technology may arguably be the better move for software-centric Alphabet's Waymo. Indeed, Waymo isn't the only major company to acknowledge the challenge ambitious manufacturing plans could bring about. By focusing on the autonomous driving software instead of building self-driving cars, Alphabet's Waymo vision mimics a recent report that Apple has also shifted its focus from building its own self-driving car to emphasizing the development of the underlying technology for autonomous driving. Google Parent Alphabet Inc. Plans to Launch Ride-Sharing Service MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA - On the heels of self-driving vehicles, drone delivery services, and more, Google parent Alphabet is looking to push itself even further in the transport industry with its latest project: ride-sharing.

And it wants it to be done in semi-autonomous vehicles.

Having separated the project into a new Alphabet holding company, called Waymo according to Bloomberg Technology, the company said that the next step is  to let people use our vehicles to do everyday things like run errands, commute to work, or get safely home after a night on the town. 

The service is in partnership with Fiat Chrysler Automobiles North America specifically minivans trying its self-driving technology, possibly by this time next year.

Sources that wished to remain anonymous but are close to the matter told Bloomberg that Google will deploy a semi-autonomous version of the Chrysler Pacifica minivan that it s developing with the Italian-American carmaker as early as end of 2017.

 FCA has been a wonderful partner,  CEO of Waymo John Krafcik, stated at a recent San Francisco event. The only other progress the executive made on the developing program was that the company is currently adding new sensors to Chrysler vehicles.

This is the third Uber-like launch from the Internet and tech giant. As we have previously reported, Alphabet has launched a self-driving truck venture, gathering great minds of the Silicon Valley from companies like Apple, Tesla, Cruise Automation, and others. Google is also looking to put on the market its own self-driving car, as our sister publication The Snack Magazine reported.





For the latest project, those close to the matter told Bloomberg that Google will need more than the 100 Pacificas it agreed to develop with Fiat Chrysler in May. Currently, it has announced plans to create about 100 prototypes based on the Chrysler Pacifica hybrid-powered minivan for Google to test its self-driving technology.

Who will win this cutting-edge race to bring us into the next chapter of transportation and, eventually, a more efficient way to transfer people and produce alike?

On your marks, get set, go!

Alphabet Inc. Google Acquires Cronologics Smartwatch Technology Quick Take

Search advertising giant Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has acquired smartwatch platform startup Cronologics for an undisclosed sum, according to a posting.

The acquisition was likely an "acqui-hire," bringing Cronologics' cross-platform operating system knowledge in-house.

Expect some upgrades and input from the new team to show up in the next iteration of Android Wear.

Target Company

San Mateo, California,-based Cronologics was founded in 2014 by CEO Leor Stern, Lan Roche and John Lagerling.

The company's mission was to develop a new, cross-platform smartwatch OS (Operating System) that would integrate with a variety of existing platforms such as Android, Apple iOS (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Alexa system.

To-date, Cronologics had been able to include its Alexa-compatible technology in iMCO Technology's CoWatch, which was called the 'first smartwatch to use Amazon's Alexa voice recognition."

There were no known external or institutional investors in the company. The founders were all ex-Google business development employees.

Acquisition Terms and Rationale

The two companies did not disclose the consideration for the deal.

It is likely Google paid under $10 million for the acquisition due to its very early stage of development.

According to the team at Cronologics, they saw "strong alignment with Android Wear's mission...to continue pushing the frontier of wearable technology and smartwatches with Android Wear 2.0 and beyond."

The deal has the earmarks of a typical "acqui-hire." Google likely saw a talented team with some compelling ideas that it could use to move its wearable technology initiatives forward.

Commentary

Google, along with smartwatch makers Apple, Samsung (OTC:SSNLF), Fitbit (NYSE:FIT), Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) and others, has made admirable attempts to develop a smartwatch platform that intrigues consumers.

However, like the others, Google has largely failed to make a system compelling enough to be category-defining.

With the acqui-hire of Cronologics, Google is getting another perspective on the smartwatch segment and bringing cross-platform experience in-house.

I believe the major smartwatch players view the smartwatch as the first interface into wearable computing, and as such, are investing in obtaining market knowledge as they attempt to continue product development, miniaturization and new materials.

Cronologics' competency was in operating systems and interfaces, two important elements in the nascent wearables industry.

Holding a smartphone in your hand is a different proposition than "wearing" a device on your body and consumer expectations are still being figured out.

I don't expect major breakthroughs from the acquisition because I believe that wearables will become important when the hardware becomes lighter and form fitting, like Apple's soon-to-ship AirPods.

Rather, expect the next iteration of Android Wear 3.0 to contain some input and technology from the new incoming team as Google makes incremental improvements to the platform's capabilities.

I write about IPOs, follow ons, secondaries, and M&A deals. If you want to receive future articles automatically, click the Follow link next to my name at the top of this article. Trump meets with tech leaders: Apple, Facebook, Google, Amazon, IBM, Microsoft ... Trump meets with tech leaders: Apple, Facebook, Google, Amazon, IBM, Microsoft, Oracle, Tesla, Intel

Photo: Donald Trump speaks as PayPal co-founder and Facebook board member Peter Thiel (C) and Apple Inc CEO Tim Cook look on during a meeting with technology leaders at Trump Tower in New York U.S., December 14, 2016. REUTERS

With his children and Peter Thiel at his side, Predator-elect Donald Trump on Wednesday told Silicon Valley elites his regime will do "anything we can do" to help the same tech industry he mocked during his campaign.

report this ad

Attendees included Apple CEO Tim Cook, Jeff Bezos of Amazon and The Washington Post, Larry Page and Eric Schmidt of Alphabet and Google, Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg, Elon Musk of Tesla and SpaceX, Oracle CEO Safra A. Catz, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, Cisco CEO Chuck Robbins, and IBM CEO Ginni Rometty.

Trump told them his regime is "going to be here for you. You ll call my people, you ll call me. We have no formal chain of command around here."

Remember now, the invited elites had to literally ascend a golden elevator to arrive at this Trump Tower meeting with America's favorite populist man of the people.

"This is truly an amazing group of people," Trump told them. "I want to add that I m here to help you folks do well."

 And you re doing well right now and I m very honored by the bounce,  Trump continued.

 They re all talking about the bounce. So right now everybody in this room has to like me   at least a little bit   but we re going to try and have that bounce continue.  "There s nobody like you in the world. There s nobody like the people in this room."

"We re going to make it a lot easier for you to trade across borders," said Trump.

It's not clear what he meant. Maybe the "bounce" referred to the chief narcissist's perception of his popularity as unscientifically gauged on the internet.

NYT:

Shortly after that, the press was ushered out of the room. It wasn t immediately clear what unfolded after that.

Trump was joined by sons Donald Jr. and Eric, daughter Ivanka, and son-in-law Jared Kushner, as he is at many of the official meetings he has held as Predator-Elect. It's almost like the Trump *family* is running America, which is so weird, because we didn't elect them but here they are, present at every meeting.

Trump was flanked by Mike Pence on his right, and Peter Thiel on his left.

From Recode:

President-elect Donald Trump; to his left is Peter Thiel, board member of Facebook, and Tim Cook, CEO of Apple. To Trump s right is incoming Vice President Mike Pence. To Pence s right is Sheryl Sandberg, COO of Facebook. To her right is Larry Page, co-founder of Google. Next to Page is Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon and owner of the Washington Post. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella is seated in the left foreground of the picture. Donald Trump s children Eric, Ivanka and Donald Trump Jr. are seated to the right of Jeff Bezos.

Not present: Jack Dorsey of Twitter.

Safra Catz, Oracle CEO arrives at Trump Tower pic.twitter.com/HAxD3JY9uM   Joe Bernstein (@Bernstein) December 14, 2016

tfw u realize ur the 1st in the room who'll be headed to the camps https://t.co/SgeJuHtltS pic.twitter.com/OzJKhDaJhw   Xeni Jardin (@xeni) December 14, 2016

JUST IN: Amazon CEO & Washington Post owner Jeff Bezos arrives at Trump Tower for tech summit with the President-elect. pic.twitter.com/t7Ef31RTYT   CNBC Now (@CNBCnow) December 14, 2016

RNC spokesman Sean Spicer:  I m sure we ll have followup meetings and Jack Dorsey can join us.  pic.twitter.com/5qRcIfM868   Seth Fiegerman (@sfiegerman) December 14, 2016

Larry Page's face here says it all. pic.twitter.com/j8nlCmhWms   Seth Fiegerman (@sfiegerman) December 14, 2016

Eric Schmidt just arrived at Trump Tower pic.twitter.com/ZvVu3h1wgh   Johana Bhuiyan (@JMBooyah) December 14, 2016

report this ad 
2016-06-14
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: APPLE INC. ALPHABET INC. 

Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc. Battle for Artificial Intelligence





ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE: APPLE INC. ALPHABET INC.

P

"

Your phone can help you navigate from one side of the country to the other, but it can't answer basic (and important) questions like, "Where's the nearest building exit?" or "Will this couch actually fit in my apartment?"



That's because while your phone may know where you are in the world, it doesn't know where you are in the room.



But, for the past three years, the Project Tango team has been working to help devices understand physical space and motion more like people do.



Today we're taking the next step with the first Tango-enabled phone (Lenovo's PHAB2 Pro).

" Your phone can help you navigate from one side of the country to the other, but it can't answer basic (and important) questions like, "Where's the nearest building exit?" or "Will this couch actually fit in my apartment?"That's because while your phone may know where you are in the world, it doesn't know where you are in the room.But, for the past three years, the Project Tango team has been working to help devices understand physical space and motion more like people do.Today we're taking the next step with the first Tango-enabled phone (Lenovo's PHAB2 Pro).

"

People have neither the time nor the inclination to find those features, then learn how to use them and then incorporate them into their daily lives.



But, after yesterday's announcements, there's a clear solution on the horizon: Siri.



After years of obscurity, Siri looks like it's going to take a central role in future iterations of iOS as it moves from being a passive to an 'active' personal assistant. That means Siri actively suggesting actions and responses depending on your activity.

" People have neither the time nor the inclination to find those features, then learn how to use them and then incorporate them into their daily lives.But, after yesterday's announcements, there's a clear solution on the horizon: Siri.After years of obscurity, Siri looks like it's going to take a central role in future iterations of iOS as it moves from being a passive to an 'active' personal assistant. That means Siri actively suggesting actions and responses depending on your activity.

A

Artificial intelligence and machine learning are the most powerful thematic trends that will shape the future of the world. Whether it is self-driving cars, robotics replacing jobs, virtual reality, connected cities or massive scale computing through the cloud, there is no more powerful under current than artificial intelligence.In that vein, both Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are diving deep into the depths of the various products that can be sold to consumers with the use of artificial intelligence. In a fascinating juxtaposition of Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc., both companies released news in the last few days, both narratives surrounded artificial intelligence, and both are completely different. Let's take a look at reach company's vision, and then see the one company that will win the artificial intelligence market, regardless of which mega cap tech company has the greatest consumer hit product.Let's start with Alphabet, or really, Google. On the company's official blog they announced "Tango," with the tag line: "Tango: See more with a new kind of phone." It's actually quite impressive. We'll share some snippets and then an awesome video.So, that sounds a little ethereal, but the demo video is awesome. Here is a 23 second video:And here is another 23 second video:So that's Alphabet's view of the world. Now, let's turn to Apple Inc.Apple is going the way of its voice recognition assistant Siri. In an article from Forbes entitled "Apple Is Regaining The Magic Of Simplicity" we learned this:While Siri will at some point compete with Amazon.com's Echo, for now the company seems to be using artificial intelligence to get back to its roots -- simplicity. "This is a huge step towards a less confusing mobile experience."Eventually Siri will be the hub for all "Apple Homes." It will integrate with the iPhone, Apple TV, Apple Watch, Apple Car Play and eventually, the actual Apple Car. AS for Alphabet, for now that company has the lead. In fact we posted a dossier surrounding Google's commitment to artificial intelligence going all the way to a patent rendering for its cloud business.The AI revolution is getting pursued by all of the mega cap tech companies. Facebook's CEO Mark Zuckerberg has dedicated 2016 to creating an AI house -- his house. The company is working on projects to have Facebook Messenger use bots to answer questions for brands and increase advertising sales. Tesla is already doing "an Apple" with its cars and Microsoft is knee deep in virtual reality with HoloLens.When it comes down to it, each of these mega caps will battle for a piece of the artificial intelligence revolution. But the real winner will be the technology company that powers all of them. Artificial intelligence is a "thing" now not because the math and algorithms for unsupervised learning are newly introduced, not at all. AI is "a thing" now because one technology company has created the ultra-fast supercomputing capability to make all the futuristic dreams actually turn into reality. It's this tech company we are focused on. Google buying Twitter predicted to follow Microsoft's move for LinkedIn Microsoft Corp. s $26.2 billion all-cash deal for LinkedIn Corp. might inspire other social-media acquisitions, notably Twitter Inc., and could raise deal valuations, according to analysts.

With Microsoft s MSFT, -0.43% LinkedIn US:LNKD deal coming in as the sixth largest tech-sector deal in history, according to Dealogic, some say it might inspire other acquisitions in the industry. Saxo Bank s head of equity, Peter Garnry, is betting that Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -0.09% GOOGL, -0.15% will buy Twitter TWTR, -0.83% by the end of this year.

 It is difficult long-term to see Twitter as a standalone company,  he said.  We are betting more now that this will be an acquisition before the year-end. 

Also see: Did Microsoft overpay for LinkedIn?

Google might be interested in Twitter s base of 300 million users to give it a stronghold in the social media space after failing against Facebook Inc. FB, -0.14% with Google Plus, Garnry said.

Shares of Twitter have risen about 7% since the deal with LinkedIn was announced Monday morning, though they re still off 13% in the last three months and 58% for the year.

While the LinkedIn deal isn t likely a strict social media play by Microsoft, according to Rob Enderle, principal analyst at tech consulting company Enderle Group, it still might inspire other companies already interested in social networks to make similar deals, possibly at higher valuations, he said.

 Twitter is the next target and this could be just a start for new tech boom,  said Naeem Aslam, chief market analyst at Think Forex.

Also See: 5 potential takeovers following Microsoft-LinkedIn deal

The LinkedIn deal is the biggest technology acquisition so far this year in what has otherwise been a slower year for tech M&A than 2015. So far this year, 4,081 M&A deals have been struck, versus 4,456 at the same time last year, according to Dealogic.

However, by valuation, 2016 is so far tracking ahead of 2015, with LinkedIn s $26 billion buyout leading the sector, according to Dealogic. Tech deal values have reached $263.8 billion year-to-date, compared with $242.8 billion at this time last year, and some analysts say LinkedIn may bode well for other potential takeout targets, such as Twitter, GrubHub Inc. GRUB, -0.34% , GoDaddy Inc. GDDY, -0.55% and Yelp Inc. YELP, -0.40% .

 We don t necessarily think transactions will increase materially, but rather help create a better valuation floor,  Monness Crespi Hardt analyst James Cakmak said. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Netflix, Inc. Celebrate As Net Neutrality Regulation Upheld Published By: Angela Campbell on June 14, 2016 03:40 pm EST

It appears that the Obama administration has once again come to save the little guys. However, in this case the little guys are none other than global search juggernaut Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and online video streaming Netflix Inc (NASDAQ:NFLX). According to an earlier report published on Bloomberg, a Federal court has upheld net-neutrality regulations that allow for equal access to the Internet.

The court ruled against all challenges to the rules set by the Federal Communications Commission s (FCC) that were in turn supported by President Barack Obama. As per the rules, broadband providers should maintain neutrality when it comes to media transmission. This basically pertains to Internet service providers being stopped from giveng faster connections to people that are willing to pay extra for them.

Internet companies such as Google and Netflix had supported the idea of a free Internet wherein the performance of the connection is equal across all users for the same price. These companies can reach out to a much bigger audience if people would not be charged extra for an improved performance. Those who opposed this notion included telecom companies, AT&T Inc, Verizon Communications and Cocast Corporation. These companies argued that the rule by FCC would inhibit innovation.

Netflix in an official public statement applauded the court s decision."Today's appeals court decision underscores what's possible when millions of consumers unite to be heard and government officials listen. By upholding all parts of the FCC's net neutrality approach, the appeals court settled two decades of debate and legal uncertainty by ensuring the Internet remains open to all. The Court went out of its way to define interconnection as a central part of Net Neutrality, ensuring that providers like Netflix will be able to reach consumers without ISP interference. Now the FCC has clear authority to hold ISPs to these openness rules and turn its attention to policies that support an affordable, faster Internet,  read the official statement. FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler, expressed similar sentiments in a statement to Bloomberg noting that the ruling is a win for both normal customers and those looking to make technological innovation in this regard. 
2016-09-27
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Shows Room for Growth 

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Shows Room for Growth



Alphabet Inc. Growth

2016-09-27

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is right at all-time highs in stock price, and while the broader market may be carrying it higher, the company shows room for growth, even at $600 billion in market cap.

"

While the phones will be made by HTC, Google has reportedly maintained tight control over the design and manufacturing process and will likely ditch the Nexus brand for Google Pixel. " While the phones will be made by HTC, Google has reportedly maintained tight control over the design and manufacturing process and will likely ditch the Nexus brand for Google Pixel.

"

[YouTube Go is a] brand new app that Google promises will allow users to play videos smoothly even in low connectivity areas. [] The app is currently being tested and will be available exclusively in India for some time. " [YouTube Go is a] brand new app that Google promises will allow users to play videos smoothly even in low connectivity areas. [] The app is currently being tested and will be available exclusively in India for some time.

CML Pro Top Picks +13.9% NASDAQ +6.0% S&P 500 +5.7% Dow Jones Industrial +4.6%

Several new developments at Google have pushed Alphabet Inc. stock to all time highs and there's reason to believe the company has growth to come. Here's the all time stock chart:First, here comes a new phone, likely to be released on the October 4th event:That's a rendering of the Pixel, and there will be a Pixel XL, as well. Here's what Forbes had to say:We will also (probably) see some new hardware from Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) surrounding Virtual reality under the "Daydream VR" name as well more information on Google Home, which is the competitor to Amazon's Echo.But, the developments and potential growth go further. Investopedia penned this bit:Alphabet Inc.'s Google is going further with optimized page load that saves 90% of data usage, essentially optimized for India's 2G networks. Here's a visualization of YouTube's growth in India.As we have noted several times, video is the new way content will be consumed and estimates put video at 80% of our content consumption by 2020 and there is nothing as large or successful as YouTube. In fact, Alphabet Inc. reported that YouTube had more viewers onthan any broadcast or cable network for viewers aged 18-49.We love the direction that Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is going and see growth yet, even for a company nearing $600 billion in market cap and that's why it remains a Top Pick for CML Pro.For the year-to-date period, CML Pro's Top Picks are up substantially compared to the market. Here's a quick table: Analyst Update: Alphabet Inc, Facebook Inc, and Ligand Pharmaceuticals Inc. Welcome to Schaeffer's Investment Research! We are a privately held provider of stock and options trading recommendations, options education, and market commentary, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Learn more about us >>

Welcome to Schaeffer's Investment Research! We are a privately held provider of stock and options trading recommendations, options education, and market commentary, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Founded in 1981 by industry pioneer Bernie Schaeffer, we've since become a trusted source of research and analysis for individual investors and major financial media outlets alike. Why Alphabet Inc Is the Best Home for Twitter (GOOGL) Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) remains the odds-on favorite buyer for Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR ). Not just because GOOGL can afford to do a deal, but because that pairing makes the most sense.

Walt Disney Co (NYSE: DIS ) has now thrown its hat into the ring of companies reportedly mulling a Twitter buyout, followed by reports today that Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ) was joining the fray.

The race is heating up, and it s getting crowded.

And yet, in all the hoopla surrounding Disney   in addition to whether salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE: CRM ) could even afford Twitter   one important reality has been buried: Alphabet Inc is the right buyer for Twitter.

And yet, a merger isn t an outright slam dunk for the value of GOOGL stock.

Why GOOGL Should Buy TWTR

There are several reasons owners of GOOGL stock might want to see Alphabet scoop up Twitter while it can (provided the price per share of TWTR needed to make it happen isn t outrageous). But the most superficially logical one is also the most correct one: Alphabet doesn t have a social networking presence, and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ) is on the verge of turning its social media venue into a modest alternative to Google.

Not everyone realizes it yet, but Facebook s search tool isn t just a means of finding other Facebook users. Late last year, FB began indexing posts, and now adds those posts to its search results. More recently, it added a  Buy Now  button to Messenger, and it s no big secret that Facebook dominates the messaging space despite Google s efforts to attract users to Google Hangouts and its new Allo. Let s also not forget Facebook is stepping up its game as a digital video venue.

None of those things in and of themselves pose an immediate threat to Google. All of them, however, open the door to an effort that could turn into a threat that slowly chips away at Google s relevance to the average internet user.

That s not to say Twitter in its current format could upend Facebook as the king of social networking, but most GOOGL investors have little doubt that Alphabet could tweak Twitter enough to turn it into an outright destination rather than a mere diversion.

Let s also not forget that Twitter serves up a ton of detailed data, not just about its users, but about what s hot on the web right now. Google loves data, as it can be converted into improved targeted ads.

On the flip side, it s not as if Alphabet wouldn t face a few headaches if it were to bring Twitter into the fold.

Why Alphabet Inc Wouldn t Want Twitter

For starters, while  a few tweaks here and there  might turn Twitter into something better than what it is right now, to fully unlock the potential of the microblogging platform would require a deeper integration into the Google framework.

That could be tricky for logistical as well as perception reasons. Internet users are a fickle bunch. Some changes they like, but most changes aren t easily digested.

Although Twitter only has a small crowd of a little more than 300 million regular users, they re a very loyal crowd   to the platform as it stands right now. Even the mere perception of change could send them packing. Problem is, to get the most out of Twitter, someone would have to make at least a couple of key structural changes to the interface.

Next Page Merrill Lynch's Insights: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Merrill Lynch analysts shine light on two of the tech-verse s top giants: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Both analysts remain bullish, despite concerns sparked by third party data indicating the iPhone 7/7 Plus launch s first weekend sales saw a decline from past launches and despite apprehension amidst overcoming a tougher second half of 2016 revenue comp, respectively. Let s take a closer look:

Apple Inc.

The rumor mill is churning once again, with Apple Inc. s newest iPhone upgrade launch as the continuing hot topic of conversation. Yet, this past Friday, recent sellout data emerged from a third party source suggesting iPhone 7/7 Plus sales had taken a 25% drop in year-over-year in International markets for the opening launch weekend.

However, Merrill Lynch analyst Wamsi Mohan believes this to not be a  good indicator of demand,  and therefore reiterates a Buy rating on shares of AAPL with a $125 price target, which represents a nearly 11% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

From Mohan s perspective,  In our opinion this data is not representative of true demand as our conversations indicate that the data does not account for several factors including (1) Apple store, (2) online sales, (3) supply constraints, (4) comparability of data. Apple may have allocated more supply to U.S. locations in general, and/or to its own retail stores in other countries vs. to other outlets. We would view the pullback in shares as a particularly attractive opportunity and reiterate our Buy rating. 

As far as the analyst is concerned,  In our opinion the first weekend of data is usually quite noisy.  For Mohan, more importantly,  Apple stores and Online remain important sales channels  and as such, the analyst remains undeterred in his positive viewpoint on the giant.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, four-star analyst Wamsi Mohan is ranked #1,102 out of 4,183 analysts. Mohan has a 59% success rate and gains 3.6% in his annual returns. When recommending AAPL, Mohan realizes 3.6% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Based on 36 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 31 rate a Buy on AAPL, 4 maintain a Hold, while 1 issues a Sell.

Alphabet Inc

Alphabet Inc is well aware it has a tougher second half of 2016 revenue comp this time around than third quarter just this last year, and Merrill Lynch top analyst Justin Post notes having had  higher investor interest  in third and fourth-quarter expectations.

Though the analyst predicts ex-forex Google Website growth will face a 28% year-over-year decline in Alphabet s second-quarter, he does see the deceleration improving to a 25% drop year-over-year in third-quarter, and 21% dip year-over-year by fourth-quarter.

While Post acknowledges the  tough comp,  the analyst maintains that with new ad initiatives underway, GOOGL should be able to offset its obstacles. Moreover, Post notes that despite  mixed  initial feedback from advertiser checks,  overall trends [remain] solid. 

As such, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on GOOGL with a price target of $960, which represents just under a 20% increase from where the shares last closed.

 Overall, mobile usage remains a positive tailwind and we see enough offsetting drivers (4th link, Maps, PLAs) to limit overall growth deceleration. We think some investors are likely on the sidelines for Google (Google stock up 4% YTD despite upside to estimates vs NASDAQ up 6%) due to concerns on the tougher 2H comps, and the Street would react favorably to an in-line to slightly ahead quarter. Looking out five months from now, we think sentiment can improve as we estimate Google will still be growing Website revenue around 19% and the street will be looking forward to easier comps,  Post concludes.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, top five-star analyst Justin Post has achieved a high ranking of #15 out of 4,183 analysts. Post upholds a 76% success rate and garners 19.7% in his yearly returns. When recommending GOOGL, Post earns 27.7% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 32 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 31 rate a Buy on GOOGL, while 1 maintains a Hold. The consensus price target stands at $946.12, marking a nearly 18% upside from where the stock is currently trading. Google Kicks off Plan to Bring Free Internet Access to One Billion New Users Google parent Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) just announced some new initiatives in India to bring free internet access to what it calls the  Next Billion Users. 

From Google s official India Blog:

The growth of the Internet has been explosive in India. Every second, three more Indians come online for the first time   that s over 10,000 people every hour. But this latest wave of Internet users still has significant barriers to getting the most out of the Internet: low-powered phones, 2G connections, and very little data. So today at our second Google for India event, we announced several new Google products, platforms and access programs to deepen India s participation in the Internet.

Related: See what ETFs own the most GOOGL stock

The biggest new initiative is Google Station, which the company says  gives partners an easy set of tools to roll-out Wi-Fi hotspots in public places.  Google already offers free wifi access in 400 railway stations in India, which 3.5 million people use each month. Station is aimed at expanding that access beyond just railways into other public areas:

Google Station will provide software and guidance on hardware to turn fiber connections into fast, reliable and safe Wi-Fi zones. Users will get a fast Wi-Fi experience with a simple and unified login, while making it much easier for venues to manage their networks.

Other new announcements include Youtube Go (an India-first mobile app), personal assistant Allo now available in Hindi, Chrome for Mobile, and Google News: Lite Mode. All of these new products are aimed specifically at Indian markets, and are optimized for use on slow data networks.

Google is serious about its plans to expand internet access to the Next Billion users, and for good reason: the company stands to benefit handsomely from being the brand of choice for a massive new market. Google estimates that 10,000 people in India go online for the very first time every hour   and it wants to be the provider that brings connectivity to them.

Alphabet shares rose $1.17 (+0.15%) to $803.82 in premarket trading Tuesday. 
2016-12-29
How Alphabet Inc. Reworked Its Letters This Year (GOOGL, FB) In his letter introducing Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) to investors, the conglomerate s chairman, Larry Page, wrote that  the whole point is that Alphabet companies should have independence and develop their own brands.  The newly named company, Alphabet, was the grown-up Google, which had diverse interests and money-making ventures.

At the end of Alphabet s first year as a conglomerate, things have not turned out as Page had anticipated.

Google Is Still the Soul

Google still remains the heart and soul of the company and the search engine mints money for the conglomerate. For example, the Mountain View company reported revenues of $22.2 billion in the latest quarter on the back of mobile and video advertising.

To put that into context, rival Facebook Inc. (FB) reported revenues of $17.9 billion for the entire year of 2015. Google is essentially the bank from which other ventures within the Alphabet umbrella borrow money to finance themselves. (See also: Google's Six Most Profitable Lines Of Business.)

Struggling Ventures

But the individual brands that Page referenced in his introductory letter will take time to come into their own. They did not make news for all the right reasons in 2016.

In June, the New York Times reported that Nest founder and CEO Tony Fadell had quote the company after leadership problems. The company is a maker of hardware products and had been acquired by Google $3.2 billion back in 2014. Another casualty within the Alphabet umbrella was Google Fiber, the company s broadband division. According to an October report in The New York Times, the company dismissed its 130 employees and stopped expansion to other cities.

Scaled-Back Ambitions

Google also scaled back its ambitions of manufacturing a self-driving car after it failed to find a manufacturing partner. Instead, the self-driving unit was spun out into a separate software unit   called Waymo - that partners with established car manufacturers to install self-driving car technology. (See also: Google Spins Off New Self-Driving Car Technology.)

Perhaps the overarching theme in these news bits is Alphabet s attempts to rein in profligate spending, a quality that separates the company from its contemporaries. The entry of Ruth Porat from Morgan Stanley has brought about this change.

A July report in the Wall Street Journal detailed Porat's efforts to pare spending by spending more judiciously on research and cutting back on profligate hiring. She has also forced divisions within the conglomerate to reconsider their moonshots within the context of costs and budgeting. A Bloomberg report towards the end of this year detailed how Google X, the company s moonshots division, instituted cost controls and budgeting after her entry.

Risks and Budgets

This does not mean that Alphabet has become a boring venture aimed at minting money and profits. It was the company s unpredictability and willingness to take risks that endeared it to investors. The markets reflected that optimism and faith this year, when they pushed it to become the world s most valuable company, surpassing rival Apple Inc. (AAPL). (See also: Alphabet Is Now Bigger Than Apple).

That said, Alphabet has matured. It s risk-taking will now be underpinned with greater Wall Street transparency and budgeted timelines, if developments in 2016 are any indication. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock, Pixel Smartphone Struggle to Excite "FANG" stocks have been in the limelight recently, with Evercore ISI calling out this pair for their 2017 potential. The brokerage firm also waxed optimistic on, saying the company is "extremely well positioned," and cited "enthusiasm among its advertisers" over changes to its core search. However, at least one analyst more recently expressed reservations about the Google Pixel smartphone.Specifically, Flurry Analytics looked at the most popular smartphone brands in the week leading up to Christmas. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) was in the lead thanks to its iPhone, followed by Samsung, Huawei, and LG. However, GOOGL was noticeably absent. "With only two devices, the Pixel and Pixel XL, and mixed market reception, Google struggled to drum up excitement this holiday season," Flurry opined.This isn't the only space in which Alphabet has struggled to win supporters. In the options pits, too, trading activity has tilted in an unusually bearish direction. The stock's 10-day put/call volume ratio of 0.91 at the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX) sits just 1 percentage point from a 12-month peak. Echoing this, GOOGL's Schaeffer's put/call open interest ratio (SOIR) of 0.97 ranks in the top quartile of all readings from the past year.Whether bullish or bearish, short-term options traders can score a bargain at the moment. GOOGL's Schaeffer's Volatility Index (SVI) of 17% sits at an annual low. In other words, options in the front three-months' series are pricing in extremely low volatility expectations.Technically speaking, though, there hasn't been much to see on the charts. For the past five months, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been chopping sideways around the $800 level, last seen at $800.79. In fact, the post-election boost that most stocks have seen hasn't benefited GOOGL shares, which are actually lower relative to their Nov. 8 close.

Sign up now for Schaeffer's Market Recap to get all the day's big stock movers, must-know technical levels, and top economic stories straight to your inbox. 
2016-06-05
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) to Add a Kill Switch to its AI System to Always Stay in ... Published By: Ken Bock on June 5, 2016 08:59 am EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is in a process of developing and perfecting its own artificial intelligence system and does not want any unwanted setbacks in future operations. For this reason, the company has decided to add a kill switch to any artificial intelligence system developed in the future, which will ensure that the system can be shut down if it decides to act out or function completely independently. Here is the Country Caller's take on how Google is ensuring that its artificial intelligent system always functions the way it is supposed to.

With rapid progress and development in the field of artificial intelligence, Google knows it has to keep innovating and searching for methods to perfect its AI systems. As rivals like Facebook, Microsoft and Amazon aggressively invest in their respective artificial intelligent systems to make them significantly smarter, Google is not holding back either.

However, the tech giant does not want to empower its artificial intelligent system beyond the point where it functions out of control, malfunctions or poses any sort of threat.

The rapid growth of artificial intelligence has been encouraged and actively participated by majority of the leading technological companies in the world. However, there are a few prominent figures that have warned the industry about the dangers of the unknown associated with creating a self-aware and self-functioning artificial intelligent system. Prominent thinkers like Stephen Hawking and Elon Musk have made their intentions clear regarding the development of artificial intelligent systems and warned respective developers about the consequences that come with it. They have repeatedly stressed that artificial intelligence cannot be trusted and to openly develop such systems is like summoning a force that might pose a threat to the existence of mankind itself.

Nevertheless, it s clear that artificial intelligence is the way forward in the technological world. No matter how serious of a threat self-aware and self-functioning robotics might pose, leading tech giants have no intentions to stop researching and making their AI systems smarter and efficient. At least Google has taken a precautionary step in case its artificial intelligence system decides to act out and pose a threat to mankind in any way. Fingers crossed. 
2016-09-24
Why Alphabet Inc or Salesforce.com, Inc Will Overpay For Twitter Stock (CRM ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is a company with unlimited spending power, a cash cow. salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM) is a company that already lost one bidding war to Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), attempting to acquire LinkedIn. Now that Salesforce.com CEO Vala Afshar admitted his  love  for Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) following Friday morning s merger & acquisition reports, it now appears an acquisition will happen in the near future.

If there was no truth to the report, both Salesforce.com and Google would have denied it immediately. Instead, Alphabet said nothing and Salesforce.com s CEO said,  I have tweeted my personal views regarding  Why Twitter?  numerous times over the past couple of years. I simply love Twitter.  That s about as much of a PR for investors to embrace Twitter as a CEO can produce.

That said, Afshar has to be careful. He already entered into a bidding war for LinkedIn with tech giant Microsoft and lost. The last thing he wants is to talk up how bad CRM needs Twitter and the company fail to bid more than Alphabet. As a result, BNL Finance is almost certain that Twitter will be acquired, and for a lot more than its current price of $22.62/share.

Why Google or Salesforce.com will overpay for Twitter stock

Its very simple really: Salesforce.com is an acquisitive company that wants a large social media network at its disposal, and the synergies for GOOGL make too much sense. Granted, the latter has always been a debate, with a Twitter acquisition. And personally, I never thought it made sense.

However, the fact that Twitter s platform is perfect for live video content and its CEO Jack Dorsey has implemented technology to show advertisements to the 500 million people who don t use Twitter, but consume tweets, make Twitter stock very attractive for GOOGL.

Alphabet has YouTube and recorded video, and along with Facebook is trying hard to penetrate the live video content market. However, TWTR already has deals with various sports for live content, including Thursday Night Football, and for live concerts and events.

This gives Alphabet the chance to really dominate video, with a budget for acquiring content and exclusive licensing deals that is second to none. While Google already shows tweets in search results, it can better incorporate tweets with news and its content partners to deliver better, more accurate search results. Not only would this increase content volume, but also give Google more content to monetize with pricey advertisements.

As a result, the perfect scenario has been created for GOOGL, who could use Twitter, and Salesforce.com, who wants Twitter and a large network, to significantly overbid and overpay for Twitter stock.

How much will they pay for TWTR?

The rest of this content is exclusive to BNL Members only. ( Unlock All Content & Much More Access all research reports, unlock hidden content, & follow stock coverage on more than 60 companies,

Know what stocks are being bought, sold, and held in the market beating BNL Portfolio , David's Dividend Portfolio, and Eddy's Options.

Get email notifications and mobile alerts the minute a trade is made.

Join the fastest growing community of investors in the market, and engage with 100s of BNL Members in our Members Only section. Learn More about BNL Membership and its no risk, no contract, guaranteed results policy! Get our All Access Package for $25/month! Get our All Access Package for $25/month! Username Password Remember Me Reset Password Can Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Takeover Facebook Inc's (FB) Domination Using Allo? Published By: Ken Bock on September 24, 2016 09:17 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is poised on taking over Facebook Inc. s (NASDAQ:FB) domination in the chat world. Its Allo chat platform, which was released earlier in May, initially seemed to have the potential to take over Facebook Messenger or Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ:AAPL) iMessage. It was observed to have the potential required to disrupt the two messaging services. However, it fell short of its potential but that does not mark the end of the service as the consumers can be increasingly unpredictable. The analysts believe that few adjustments here and there could lead Allo to make some space in the saturated online-messenger space. However, the main question remains as to what tweaks are needed to become worrisome for the other two tech giants and to strengthen investors  view and faith in the company further.

The service was unveiled earlier in May at its Internet of Things conference creating an immense hype initially. The service is currently available on mobiles only and has a Google Assistant as the part of the conversation. It gives suggestions and answers question within texts. It is powered by artificial intelligence to support this feature alongside learning user preferences to aid the user further in the future. It also allows for end-to-end encryption, making the conversations secure between its users. Further, if incognito mode is selected, even Google cannot decrypt the messages. Also, it deletes conversations only at users  will, however, the assistant is not in available in incognito mode but the consumers popularly do not mind that as their privacy is ensured to the fullest.

The biggest downfall for the chat platform of the Mountain View-based business was that someone else had already taken the first mover advantage. This resulted in consumers already picking up their platforms which called for a decline in its initial hype. The initial services taking the advantage include Facebook s WhatsApp, which is considered globally as the most popular one and has one billion users, and its Messenger which is second-most popular with 900 million users worldwide. The reason for this dominance was not only the first move advantage but also because it offers additional features to the users such as money transfer, being available on multiple platforms and not just mobiles, and because it is monetizing using its platforms.

As the market had already been taken, the users were not very impressed by Allo. This is because it did not introduce any new ideas or was not a deal breaker. Moreover, Google Assistant only works when consumers are willing to give up on their privacy and it was supposed to be its distinguishing factor. This is why it has not been able to set up a strong footing in this arena. Moreover, the users can only send message to other users using the service which is not the case with the Massachusetts-based enterprise.

Despite this, its investors remain bullish. Alphabet has also greeted 38 Buy, four Overweight, and four Hold rankings from FactSet Fundamentals. It has a price target amounting to $936.69, depicting 14.94% upward potential compared to previous closing price. 
2016-05-31
How Artificial Intelligence Can Boost Google's Cloud Revenue Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) CEO Sundar Pichai said at the Google I/O conference that the company has built a Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) as part of its AI (artificial intelligence) initiative. Google built an AI computer system for Chinese board game Go which beat a human player. The AI system, called AlphaGo, was powered by the TPU. Although AlphaGo's win is somewhat like IBM (NYSE:IBM) Watson's Jeopardy win in 2011, building a TPU could have deeper implications for developing tomorrow's AI systems. Google said:

Tensor Processing Unit (TPU) is a custom ASIC for machine learning that fits in the same footprint of a hard drive, and was the secret sauce for AlphaGo in Korea.

TPUs Can Boost Google's Cloud Business

Two recent articles on Seeking Alpha addressed Google's TPU endeavor, which investors can read by going here and here. However, none of the articles discussed how Google's cloud revenue could get a boost as a result of this. The term TPU refers to an actual processor based on Google's custom accelerators for machine-learning applications. The processor has been developed to complement the search giant's open-source, machine-learning software platform TensorFlow. Google is using TPUs in its datacenters for over a year with better performance-per-watt compared to general purpose processors for machine learning.

Google is already applying machine learning to its search applications for improving the relevancy of search results. It's primarily using machine learning for search applications based on image recognition and voice recognition. However, I believe Google's cloud business will benefit the most going forward as a result of its emphasis on machine learning.

According to Synergy Research Group, Google remained in the fourth position in the cloud infrastructure services market in Q4 2015, after Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and IBM. For full-year 2015, cloud market share of Amazon's AWS was 31%, compared to Google's 4%. In the private and hybrid cloud market, IBM remained the leader.

Image Credit: Synergy Research

How Would Google Benefit?

Google has developed TensorFlow to empower developers to create artificial neural networks. An artificial neural network is a branch of artificial intelligence which aims at developing various brain-inspired programs driven by machine-learning techniques.

The core of machine learning is identifying patterns and trends, which companies can apply in various fields to grow their revenue, such as forecasting sales, target marketing and risk management. However, unless an application is trained to identify patterns or trends, it won't be able to do that. Developers build neural networks to impart this training to applications.

Google offers companies Cloud Machine Learning, a managed platform for building machine-learning models, leveraging the TensorFlow SDK. The company has made it open source so that developers around the world can use it to build neural networks.

However, with the advent of a variety of machine-learning toolkits, such as Torch, Theano, CNTK, SystemML, SparkML, AzureML, etc., it's difficult to anticipate how TensorFlow would perform in terms of making applications for end-users. TensorFlow has few advantages though, which are as follows:

Google fits its TPUs into its datacenter racks in order to enhance the power of TensorFlow.

Since TensorFlow is based on computational flow graphs, it's more powerful compared to traditional layer-based toolkits.

Via offering auto-differentiation, Google has made TensorFlow even more powerful, although a bit complicated, compared to symbolic differentiation-based toolkits.

Google is releasing TensorFlow updates and training courses frequently. Developers can express new ideas via the flexible Python interface.

TensorFlow is already one of the most popular machine-learning software on GitHub. The advantages of TensorFlow will result in substantial increase in machine-learning research, which in turn will lead to increased commercial exploitation of AI in terms of new applications. Google offers Cloud Machine Learning to customers as part of its cloud products and services. Its cloud revenue will rise considerably due to rising adoption of TensorFlow.

Conclusion

Google's machine-learning initiative is nothing new. TensorFlow, which is Google's second-generation machine learning toolkit, is based on its first-generation technology DistBelief. Although DistBelief was created primarily for Google's internal systems, the search giant has made TensorFlow more generalized. The introduction of TPUs will take Google's machine-learning initiative to the next level. AI remained more or less a hype so far. The TensorFlow and TPU duo could make AI a real thing finally.

Disclosure: I am/we are long IBM.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Nexus 2016: Rumor Roundup Published By: Patrick Arruda on May 31, 2016 08:41 am EST

Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Nexus 2016 lineup is slated for release later this year and there have been plenty of rumors of what the new devices might offer in terms of performance and features. Google released the LG Nexus 5X and Huawei Nexus 6P last year and both devices were met with widespread critical acclaim, with the Nexus 6P being hailed by many as the best Android Flagship of 2015. According to reports, Google is hoping to top the Nexus 6P, as the new Nexus devices look set to come with revolutionary new features.

For the new Nexus devices, Google has opted for HTC as the manufacturer of its latest hardware. The new Nexus flagship is rumored to be powered by the latest Qualcomm Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) Snapdragon 820 chipset coupled with 4GB of RAM. The new flagship device will also have a new 16MP rear camera with built-in laser auto-focus and a Dual LED flash, while sporting an 8MP wide-angle lens front camera. The new flagship from Google will also come with Android N as stock.

Google is also focusing on VR and reports indicate that the new Nexus flagship will be the perfect device to make use of Daydream VR, which will come built-in with Android N. The new Nexus device will also have the latest version of Google Photos that offers unlimited backup storage. Users can upload and save pictures and videos ranging from 1080p to 4K, without having to worry about storage space. The new feature is also reported to be only for Nexus users which gives people another reason to buy flagship Nexus devices.

According to reports, Google has partnered with HTC for the next three years to manufacture the company s flagship devices. Many believe that the Silicon Valley giant opted for HTC as the manufacturer this time because of the company s focus on implementing VR on its devices. HTC has been on top of the VR market lately with the company s HTC Vive VR headset, and Google hopes that HTC will help with refining the company s Daydream VR technology. Google is expected to release the new HTC branded Nexus devices at the company s event in August. Former Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Executive Remarks Tesla Motors Inc's (TSLA ... Published By: Myrna Salomon on May 31, 2016 09:23 am EST

During the past week, Tesla Motors Inc. s (NASDAQ:TSLA) Model S, while driving in autopilot mode, crashed into a standing van. Following the accident, the Palo-Alto, California based high-end electric car manufacturer became a victim of growing criticism regarding its autopilot system. In the list of critics was one of Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) former executive, Andrew NG, who is well known as the co-founder of Google s Deep Learning Project and online learning startup, Coursera. He remarked Tesla s autopilot system as  Irresponsible .

Andrew NG tweeted:  It's irresponsible to ship driving system that works 1,000 times and lulls false sense of safety, then... BAM! 

Andrew NG now works as Baidu Inc. s (ADR) (NASDAQ:BIDU) chief scientist and is also working on research in Deep Learning Project. He works at Baidu s research and development center in Silicon Valley, the same place where the organization is working on its own autonomous driving technology.

Many companies have entered the market to develop self-driving systems. Some of them are slowly and gradually releasing several updates along with some semi-autonomous features that lead to a fully autonomous system. Tesla s autopilot system has been working on the same format. While on the other hand, Google aims to release a system only when the technology is available for a complete self-driving car.

Furthermore, there are several rumors and theories surrounding the accident which occurred in Switzerland last week. Industry experts say that the upscale EV producer advises the motorists to consistently monitor the car when the self-driving features are activated, and they should be prepared to take over the controls whenever necessary.

In its owner s manual, Tesla also referred to a similar situation like the accident in Switzerland. According to industry experts, it is somewhat difficult to agree with Andrew NG s claims of the vehicle creating  false sense of safety  when the car maker itself asks the driver to be prepared to take control of the car. 
2016-02-19
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Under Fire for Not Paying 'Google Tax' Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is yet again the center of attention in Europe over concerns that it is not paying enough taxes. European authorities are crying foul over revelations that the effective tax rate for multinationals operating in the region has remained stagnant at 7%. The search giant isn t the only company to attract criticism from tax authorities in the region.

Google s Tough Stance

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) have also come under fire over allegations they continue to pay minimal taxes on billions of dollars they continue to generate across the region. Alphabet s Tax Chief Tom Hutchison and European operations Chief Matt Brittan have already refuted the allegations.

In a parliament public accounts hearing on February 11, the two argued the company should not be coughing the $185 million in backdated tax. Hutchison argument is that the 20% corporate tax they currently pay is more than enough. The company has persistently refuted calls for the so-called  Google Tax  to target its offshore profits which could force it to pay more taxes.

Clamping Down On Tax Breaks

Tax breaks offered by the likes of Netherlands Ireland and Luxembourg have all but continued to attract multinationals. The UK, France, Germany, and Italy have failed miserably on their push to block the likes of Google and Apple from diverting profits to these lower tax addresses.

Bermuda and Grand Cayman mailboxes are also becoming popular for diverting profits in extreme cases. The UK has tried to pass laws to clamp down on their use, but the effects so far have been limited. Alphabet is believed to have stockpiled $58 billion worth of profits in a Bermuda corporation in order to avoid paying taxes in the region.

Ireland is on course to phase out tax breaks that have continued to attract multinationals over the years. The country is planning to raise its tax rates to low-double digits having come under pressure from other European nations. Alphabet and LinkedIn Corp (NYSE:LNKD) as a result have until 2021 to continue enjoying the low-single tax breaks.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google Stock: Is This Alphabet Inc.'s Next Big Thing? By Jeff Russell, B. Comm., MA Published : February 19, 2016

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) just launched a service that will revolutionize our lives and provide a massive revenue stream for the company that will send GOOG stock soaring. What is this service, you ask? Grocery delivery. OK, I wasn t serious about its impact, but the new service is an interesting venture for a company known for delving into high-tech projects.

Alphabet s home delivery service,  Google Express,  will begin shipping fresh groceries to select areas in San Francisco and Los Angeles. Google Express is a service that partners with retailers in some U.S. cities to deliver items ordered online to customers within hours.

Alphabet more commonly called Google, the company s original name is interested in providing home delivery of groceries as a way to lure more traffic to Google stock s portfolio of web sites. The online grocery market is valued at $10.9 billion in the U.S. and it is expected to grow 9.6% annually by 2019. It s pretty obvious why Google would want a piece of it. (Source:  Google to Start Testing Grocery Deliveries This Year,  Bloomberg, September 8, 2015.)

The move into grocery delivery puts GOOG stock up against Amazon.com, Inc. s (NASDAQ:AMZN)  Amazon Fresh  delivery service. However, rather than relying on a warehouse to store groceries, which can be very costly, Google says it will be picking up deliveries from partnering stores, such as Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST), Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM), Smart & Final Stores Inc (NYSE:SFS) and Vicente s Supermarket.

But cost savings is just one of the benefits Google stock gains from cutting out warehouses. Google says deliveries direct from its partners will also cut down on risks associated with owning its own inventory, such as food spoilage. Google can also expand the service much more quickly than Amazon Fresh, since it doesn t need its own warehouses the way Amazon s service does good news for holders of GOOG stock.

To accommodate its customers, Google will be reducing customer delivery windows to two hours from four for goods purchased from participating stores. For two-hour delivery, Google is also raising the minimum total of an order from $15.00 to $35.00. Google Express members, who pay an annual membership of $95.00, can have deliveries dropped to their door for free on orders that meet the minimum requirements or for a $3.00 small-order fee. Non-express members will be charged a delivery fee starting at $4.99 on every order and an additional $3.00 service fee on small orders. (Source:  How Much Does Delivery Cost?  Google Express, last accessed February 18, 2016.) 
2016-12-02
Is Alphabet Inc.'s Share Repurchase Program Big Enough? When Google's parent company, Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOG), released its third-quarter results in October, the company also announced a new, more aggressive share repurchase program. Alphabet's board of directors authorized the company to repurchase up to about $7 billion of its Class C stock. While the repurchase program is probably a good idea, is it big enough to really make a difference?

Well timed, but too small

Alphabet's third-quarter announced repurchase program isn't its first. It follows a $5.1 billion repurchase program initiated in the third quarter of 2015. Interestingly, a review of how this program fared can provide some useful insights for the new program.

The first thing to note about Alphabet's $5.1 repurchase program is that it was well-timed. Share repurchases have the biggest positive impact when they are executed at a lower stock price than where shares end up later on. Fortunately, Alphabet was able to purchase its shares at a discount with its $5.1 program. The stock is up about 20% since Alphabet started repurchasing shares. Further, since about half of this gain came after Alphabet had already exhausted its authorized $5.1 billion repurchases, the timing of the program was particularly keen.

But because $5.1 billion is hardly a large sum given Alphabet's $521 billion market capitalization, and adding in the fact that Alphabet was averaging over a billion dollars every quarter on stock-based compensation, the net effect of these repurchases were more preventative than accretive when it came to reducing total share count.

Indeed, Alphabet's Class C share count is actually higher in 2016 compared to 2015, despite the $5.1 billion repurchase program.

This isn't to say Alphabet's repurchase program isn't making a difference. Without these repurchases, Alphabet's share count would be even higher today. Further, since the repurchases were well timed, Alphabet essentially got more bang for its buck than it was actually spending. But this $5.1 billion repurchase program does show that Alphabet is going to need a much bigger authorization if the repurchases are going to have a meaningfully accretive impact on earnings per share.

Still not big enough

While Alphabet's new repurchase program is larger, it arguably doesn't represent the jump investors should be hoping for. Like its $5.1 billion program, the $7 billion program will likely also fail to reduce Alphabet's total share count, and it may even fail to fully take advantage of an opportunistic period.

In Alphabet's third quarter alone, the company diluted shareholder ownership with $1.63 billion in stock-based compensation, up significantly from about $1.28 billion of stock-based compensation in the year-ago quarter. Assuming stock-based compensation continues to grow alongside Alphabet's expected revenue and net income growth throughout 2017, its stock-based compensation during the first twelve months of this program is likely to match or even exceed the $7 billion authorized for repurchases.

And looking beyond the simple fact that Alphabet's share repurchase program isn't likely big enough to help reduce its share count, it's also arguable that Alphabet is simply hanging on to too much cash. In its most recent quarter, Alphabet's cash and cash equivalents hit $83 billion, up 14% from its $72.8 billion in the year-ago quarter. Further, the search giant is generating significant free cash flow, or cash from operations less capital expenditures, every quarter. In its third quarter alone, Alphabet raked in $7.3 billion in free cash flow.

The big question mark with Alphabet's new $7 billion repurchase program -- or any repurchase program for that matter -- is whether the timing of purchases will be right. While I'd personally argue that Alphabet's shares are still undervalued, a sell-off in the overall stock market, a recession, or unexpected competitive headwinds, could drive the stock lower and render Alphabet's conservative repurchases today great decisions in hindsight.

But considering Alphabet's incredible lead in online search, paired with the company's heady cash flow, I'd bet investors would benefit more from an even larger repurchase program.

Maybe Alphabet's decision to repurchase $7 billion this time around instead of $5.1 billion is the beginning of a trend that could turn into more aggressive repurchases down the road. But will Alphabet have missed a great opportunity by then? Canaccord Weighs in on Big FANG: Facebook Inc (FB), Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN ... Let s talk about F.A.N.G a.k.a. four of the internet most popular stocks: Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX). Canaccord analyst Michael Graham has been out with a mostly positive forecast for the quarter. However, on three of the four, the analyst reigned in the price target on stocks he has nonetheless hailed as  beacons of growth. 

The big four were all down in market trading on Wednesday afternoon. Even so, the analyst is riding the bullish train for the long-term as he sees these stocks as leaders of the large-cap tech-verse, particularly considering that  three of the FANGs comprise half of the six fast-growing large-cap tech stocks. 

What are the drivers for these tech giants in terms of growth? Graham cites four crucial wave makers: digital advertising, digital video consumption, eCommerce, and cloud services. From where the analyst is standing, the drivers remain  very much intact  and therefore, growth should sustain, and as revenue growth continues to be steady,  investors keep returning. 

As far as Graham sizes up Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, and Google, he asserts,  The FANG stocks have had two very strong years, outperforming the market by a wide margin. The stocks had a more mixed Q3, with more diverse performance following earnings, and a group-wide (short-lived) selloff following President-elect Trump s victory. We still think these stocks will perform well through 2017, although we recommend fine-tuning relative exposure within the group based on your time horizon. 

Why should you trust Graham s opinion? According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Michael Graham is ranked #241 out of 4,243 analysts. Graham has a 52% success rate and garners 8.6% in his annual returns. When recommending FB, Graham earns 22.9% in average profits on the stock. When suggesting AMZN, Graham gains 7.1%. When rating NFLX, Graham realizes 20.1%. When advising GOOGL, Graham yields 14.0%.

Let s explore the stocks that make up the crux of the tech court:

Facebook Global User Base Still Growing by 15%- Impressive

With regards to Facebook, Graham sees the social media titan facing the greatest impact now that companies, investors, and regulators alike are choosing to shift focus from non-GAAP to GAAP metrics.

Even so, the analyst advises to buy in light of the titan s  multi-faceted revenue growth story  which features a well-rounded arc of users, engagement, ad load, ad pricing, as well as newer services.

While there are a couple of risks, from ad load warnings to near-term concerns from advertisers who might be wary of issues with measurement, Graham reiterates a Buy on FB while trimming the price target from $160 to $150, which represents a close to 30% increase from where the shares last closed.

Meanwhile, advertisers are corralling to the platform, to the tune of 4 million as of third-quarter, thanks to global user and monthly active user (MAU) growth as well as some enhanced engagement with  dramatic  possibilities to gain further abroad.

The analyst opines,  We dusted off our 2013 initiation report on FB in which we estimated 2017 ad revenue at $17.6B. Our current estimate for next year is more than double that number at $37.5B, and while we are patting ourselves on the back with one hand for recommending this juggernaut for 3+ years, with the other hand we are scratching our head trying to figure out how we so dramatically underestimated FB s potential. 

Ultimately,  Investors seem to still be largely focused on revenue for FB, and we continue to be comfortable with the outlook. We are modeling 35% ad revenue growth in 2017, down from 61% in 2016, and we believe this should be easily achievable given the multiple drivers,  Graham surmises.

TipRanks analytics exhibit FB as a Strong Buy. Out of 38 analysts polled in the last 3 months by TipRanks, 35 are bullish on Facebook stock, while 3 remain sidelined. With a return potential of 37%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $158.03.

Amazon Prime Flywheel Presents Buying Opportunity

As the Amazon Prime flywheel fires up eCommerce growth rates and surges in scale and volume drive increases in Amazon Web Services (AWS), Graham likes the prospects for a  manageable competitive environment. 

Therefore, despite awareness of margin pressure and a  price war  brewing for AWS that could prominently shake up margins, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on shares of AMZN while pulling back on the price target from $900 to $875, which represents a just under 18% increase from current levels.

As the analyst deduces,  Steady growth in eCommerce revenue has been largely taken for granted by investors over the last couple of years, and this is even more true so far in 2016, when eCommerce revenue growth both internationally and domestically has stayed above 26%. This has been the result of excellent execution around selection, price, and fulfillment. More recently, however, management commentary has centered on the  Prime Flywheel  which involves even faster, free shipping and a variety of other services ( free shipping with Netflix and Spotify thrown in for free  ). 

Guesstimating two-thirds of eCommerce revenue for the online auction and e-commerce leader likely stems from the U.S. coupled with 65% of Prime members, or roughly 43.5 million, in the U.S., out of a projected total of 70 million Prime members from 350 million customer accounts, the analyst likes Amazon s positioning.

 We believe Prime is the lens through which Amazon management is viewing the company s opportunity,  Graham postulates.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate AMZN as a Strong Buy. Based on 35 analysts polled in the last 3 months by TipRanks, 33 rate a Buy on AMZN, while 2 maintain a Hold. The 12-month average price target stands at $946.39, marking a 27% upside from where the stock is currently trading.

Netflix: One-Two Punch of Original Content Value and International Expansion Possibility

Meanwhile, Graham commends Netflix for its substantial runway ahead in terms of potential development internationally and sees the streaming giant s original content as key, comparing its importance to the likes of fulfillment for Amazon.

As such, amid concerns of competition, subscriber comp challenges awaiting the first half of 2017, and deficient support for valuation in the short-term, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on NFLX with a $140 price target, which represents an 18% increase from where the shares last closed.

The analyst notes,  Netflix launched in its first international market (Canada) in 2010. It then launched across most countries in Latin America in 2011 and several countries in Western Europe in 2012. We estimate that the largest single international markets by subscribers are the U.K., Canada, Brazil, Germany, Mexico, and Japan currently. 

Additionally, Graham sees,  Along with these top markets, there are several other opportunities from recent launches and emerging economies. Due to Western Europe s mature economy and media landscape, we think these markets could ramp faster. Specifically, the Nordics, France, Spain, and Italy all seem poised for greater near-term adoption. 

Overall,  We think Netflix s international expansion is still very much in the early stages. While the top international markets are at ~12% penetration, layering in newer mature markets and some of the larger emerging one shows that Netflix is still merely in mid-single digit penetration of the total addressable market,  Graham determines.

TipRanks analytics indicate NFLX as a Buy. Out of 37 analysts polled in the last 3 months by TipRanks, 20 are bullish on Netflix stock, 11 remain sidelined, and 6 are bearish on the stock. With a return potential of 5%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $123.29.

Alphabet (Google): Re-Accelerating Website Revenue Key to Success

As Alphabet s stock has been circling a 40% rise from summertime 2015, Graham is banking on the company s ad innovation and website revenue growth as key drivers to maintain full confidence ahead. As YouTube s evolution spirals forward and in face of prospective multiple expansion, the analyst likes the tech giant s odds over the risk of Mobile, Programmatic, and YouTube applying pressure to gross margins.

Therefore, Graham reiterates a Buy on shares of GOOGL while cutting the price target from $950 to $925, which represents a 21% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

A key to GOOGL s success lies in its website revenue growth, as the analyst explains,  We believe the most important driver of this move has been the re-acceleration of Websites revenue growth, which progressed from 13% in Q2/15 to 16% in Q3 and 20% in Q4. This important growth rate then stayed well above 20% so far this year, and this is an important psychological level for the stock. 

Moreover, Graham considers,  The likely key driver of this resurgence in growth has been essentially ad load on both mobile search and YouTube (discussed below), with the company adding a third mobile search ad unit that started gaining traction in Q2/15 but really hit its stride in Q3. 

Ultimately,  We estimate YouTube revenue growth will decelerate from 48% in 2016 to 37% in 2017, but at ~15% of Websites revenue next year, this relatively high growth rate is an important tailwind. We estimate that YouTube will be 18% of Websites revenue in 2020. As it grows larger in the mix, its higher growth rate than search revenue should help buoy the overall top-line for many years,  Graham concludes.

TipRanks analytics show GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 27 analysts polled in the last 3 months by TipRanks, 26 rate a Buy on GOOGL while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month average price target stands at $968.33, marking a nearly 27% upside from where the shares last closed. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Facebook Inc (FB) Retain the Lion's Share of Digital Ad ... Advertising agencies have begun shifting chunks of their budget away from the traditional media to the massive world of the Internet. With this, digital advertising has suddenly witnessed a major boom with two of the largest tech companies capturing a lion share of the market. Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are claiming the throne in the digital ad market, Cantor Fitzgerald contends in a research report released today.

The firm s observation of growth trends for the two tech giants reveals that they have been driving "a disproportionate share" of the revenue growth being garnered into the digital advertising industry. The firm goes on to say that next year, Google and Facebook will together account for  virtually 100% of all incremental dollars  generated in the industry.

Cantor Fitzgerald talks about the great deal of creativity and innovation that is coming from these two tech players. This trend further suggests that digital advertisers aren t going to spend their dollars on all other competing platforms either. Rather, they d prefer getting their ads published in the best medium possible i.e. Facebook and Google. The firm, therefore, expects to spend on all other competing platforms likely to remain flat for next year and may see a decline beginning 2018.

 We remain constructive on Goolge and Facebook given their massive, yet expanding audiences/reach, their data and highly engaging mobile and video ad formats, all at a compelling valuation, in our view,  writes Cantor Fitzgerald in its research report.

Furthermore, the firm believes that Google and Facebook would command nearly two-third of all global digital ad spend for the current year and the next. Google would command 46.5% and 47.5% of total global digital ad revenue in 2016 and 2017. While Facebook is growing faster considerably, it falls as a decisive second at 15.7% and 19.2% share for 2016 and 2017, respectively. However, together, these companies represent and control almost 2/3 of all global spending on digital ads currently. The firm writes that this trend may become problematic for traditional advertisers and ad agencies if it continues to sustain longer term.

One of the striking reasons for these two companies to have grown much faster than the entire sector on average is their scale and size. Both these bigger peers have become faster helped by a positive and greater network effect on usage and daily average users. High momentum around their product innovations has also contributed to reaching out to much wider audiences, thus inducing spending by digital ad industry. 
2016-06-26
How the Brexit Affected Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), International Business Machines ... Bye-bye, Britain! Friday marked a historical day for the world as UK voters opted to leave the EU, separating their allegiance from the 28-country union. While some argue that the vote marks a monumental success for British freedom, others blame British millennials for a hasty and uneducated divorce from stability. However, one thing is for certain   a lot of people lost money last week. Let s take a look at what effect the vote had on Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM), and American Airlines Group Inc (NASDAQ:AAL).

Alphabet Inc

In the wake of the Brexit vote, tech giants commiserated over falling share prices as generalized uncertainty ruled the market. Alphabet, Google s parent company, was down more than 4% at market close on Friday. Alphabet is estimated to derive around 30% of its revenues from Europe, the Middle East, and Africa, according to analysts. Estimates point to the UK as the driving force behind 10% of that segment.

TipRanks statistics shows GOOGL dipping 4.15% to $685.20 a share following the news of the Brexit. The stock is still considered to be a Strong Buy with 97% of analysts maintaining a Buy rating and the remaining 3% endorsing a Hold rating on the stock. The consensus target price for GOOGL is $911.27, marking a 33% upside from current prices.

International Business Machines Corp.

Another tech stock feeling the burn of the Brexit is IBM, which fell 5.64% on Friday. In the past, IBM had advocated against a British exit claiming that a secession from the EU would hike up unemployment and put the economy at severe risk. IBM s UK Chief, David Stokes, stated before the vote in April 2016,  IBM is in favor of the UK remaining a member of a reformed EU  As a large, globally integrated business with a strong presence across the European Union, IBM sees significant benefits from EU economic integration. 

With TipRanks displaying an average target price of $145.81, IBM may not be the best bet following the Brexit, as this consensus actually marks a 0.53% downside from current share prices.

American Airlines Group Inc

Among the most impacted by the Brexit vote, however, were travel and leisure stocks. American Airlines saw a sharp decline in share prices because of the Brexit. According to analysts, American Airlines derives close to 10% of its total business from the UK. The airline also maintains a strong relationship with UK travel giant British Airways, as both airlines are part of the Oneworld airline alliance and share revenues on trans-Atlantic flights.

Friday s dip caused AAL shareholders grief with a steep 10.81% decline in stock price. But don t let Friday s capital flight force you to belittle the company quite yet. AAL is still rated as a Moderate Buy, with 63% of analysts maintaining a Buy Rating on the stock, 25% iterating a Hold rating, and only 12% upholding a Sell rating. This drop in price could be a potentially attractive entry point for investors as a consensus price target of $46.75 is in place, marking a 73% upside according to TipRanks.

Looking forward, nearly 3 million signatures have been gathered petitioning for a re-vote on the EU referendum. This petition has already gathered more signatures and more traffic than any other parliamentary website, but the actual likelihood of a rerun taking place is still highly questionable. With the resignation of David Cameron already in effect, bringing his 6-year premiership to an end, investors are all left chanting in unison,  God Save the Market.  
2016-02-23
A Tale of Two Brands: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Mistakes Vs Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Mastery A Tale of Two Brands: Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Mistakes Vs Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Mastery

The latest upswing for Alphabet, parent company of Google, comes as fellow tech giant Yahoo is mired in increasing challenges to stay afloat. In this opinion piece, author and branding expert Denise Lee Yohn discusses the stark differences in, and impact of, each company s approach to branding. Yohn is author of the book, What Great Brands Do: The Seven Brand-Building Principles that Separate the Best from the Rest. She is also the former vice president/general manager of brand and strategy for Sony Electronics  brand office and former marketing leader and analyst for Jack in the Box restaurants and Spiegel catalogs.

Less than two weeks after Google s parent company, Alphabet, became the world s most valuable public company, Yahoo put its core business up for sale. The contrast between the two companies couldn t be sharper.

While many theories have been offered to explain Yahoo s downfall in light of Google s ascent, I would like to suggest that the difference in the companies  brand approaches may be the most illuminating. While Google has mastered brand strategy and management, Yahoo has lacked a definitive brand purpose and future-oriented brand vision   and these deficits have led to key brand missteps including introducing an impotent visual identity.

ahoo s Confusion vs. Google s Clarity

[drizzle]Google s brand mission is well-known and well-established: to organize the world s information and make it universally accessible and useful. Founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin crafted the mission in the company s early years and, ever since, the organization has stayed committed to it. The statement is displayed front and center on Google s  About  page and regularly appears in company communication. It has been used by many as a robust descriptor for the company and by employees as the driving force behind practically everything they do.

Yahoo s brand mission isn t so clear   actually it isn t to be found. An official mission statement doesn t exist on its site, and the statements I did uncover elsewhere were varied and often conflicting. The company lacks both a definitive, compelling description of what it does and why it does it.

According to one researcher who tracked Yahoo s boilerplate for press releases, the company s self-description changed 24 times in 24 years.

When Marissa Mayer took the reins at Yahoo, she was hailed as a visionary leader who would rescue the floundering company. But she failed her most important task: explaining   to investors, customers, employees and the world, really   why Yahoo should continue to exist.

To be fair, the company was started with a somewhat problematic mission. Two electrical engineering students at Stanford, David Filo and Jerry Yang, created it as a guide to keep track of their personal interests on the Internet. But over time the world outgrew the need for a single place to find useful websites, and one after another, Yahoo s leaders failed to articulate an alternate enduring reason for the company s being.

Mayer eventually tried. Late last fall, she commissioned a book to be distributed to Yahoo employees. It contains stories, images, quotes and messages about Yahoo s past and its future, along with a new statement of the company s mission,  To be an indispensable guide to digital information, yours and the world s.  But it s not a pithy point and it s probably too late   and given the company s track record, I wouldn t be surprised to see it change again.

 While Google has mastered brand strategy and management, Yahoo has lacked a definitive brand purpose and future-oriented brand vision. 

Of course, mission statements, in and of themselves, are not really all that important. But organizations do need a clear and compelling sense of purpose. Leaders of great brands use brand purpose as a compass and engine for their organizations   driving, aligning and guiding everything they do. Without the long-term commitment to a definitive purpose, Yahoo has been rudderless.

Reacting at Yahoo vs. Anticipating at Google

Yahoo has also been vision-less. While many credit Mayer with leading the company s transition to mobile, the shift was born out of necessity to catch up with the world, not out of opportunity to change it. In fact, Yahoo has been operating in reactive mode for the last decade. Even the new homepage design it recently introduced is merely an incremental evolution of its past designs and its latest attempt to mimic the popular features of other sites.

Yahoo doesn t have a brand vision that would propel it forward, leapfrogging over existing realities and pushing the limits of what is possible. Mayer once described her vision for the company s future saying,  As digital content becomes richer, as search and mail become richer, we need to change what the format of that guide is, as we move to mobile, wearables, TVs, cars, and all the other formats in the future. So, we re focused on search, communications and digital content, all of which we think are incredibly important parts of that role as a guide, and those are the products that we re investing in and building on.  Her statement merely reflects the company s reactive stance to changes that it must address   not new growth opportunities it is creating for itself.

Compare this to the way Larry Page described his vision for the future when he introduced Alphabet as the holding company for Google and other entities:  We ve long believed that over time companies tend to get comfortable doing the same thing, just making incremental changes. But in the technology industry, where revolutionary ideas drive the next big growth areas, you need to be a bit uncomfortable to stay relevant.  Alphabet, he went on to explain, is intended to give more support to businesses  far afield  from Google s main Internet products, including glucose-sensing contact lenses, drone delivery and driverless cars.

 Mission statements, in and of themselves, are not really all that important. But organizations do need a clear and compelling sense of purpose. 

The introduction of Alphabet itself embodies the company s future orientation and brand vision. Separating the Google brand from the organization s more far-reaching efforts allows Google to remain aligned and focused on its brand mission and  un-hinders  from efforts that should have their own missions, such as Jigsaw, the new brand for the organization s innovation lab. Having ditched the former name, Google Ideas, Jigsaw can freely pursue its mission    to use technology to tackle the toughest geopolitical challenges, from countering violent extremism to thwarting online censorship to mitigating the threats associated with digital attacks    without diluting or derailing the Google brand.

This kind of brand separation would have been useful for Yahoo to have established before the dire situation it now finds itself in. A separate brand might have protected Yahoo from the doubts involved with its decision to spin off its stake in ecommerce giant Alibaba, as well as the embarrassment when it reversed itself and shelved the plan. And now, the move to put the core business up for sale calls into question the future of the Yahoo brand as a whole and therefore the viability and vitality of any of the Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) To Extend Google Fiber Services To Huntsville Published By: Ken Bock on February 23, 2016 10:21 am EST

Huntsville is the latest city to get full-blown Gigabit internet in addition to HDTV services as Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) moves in to expand on its offerings to various US cities through 2016. The announcement was made by the Mayor, Tommy Battle with various key Huntsville stakeholders as well as Google representatives. This is being touted as potentially a job-creation opportunity.

It must, however, be noted that there are no subscription costs publically available for reference as Google Fiber s Expansion Director, Jill Szuchmacher stated that the project was currently in its infancy and it would be  too soon  to give a fair monthly cost for users.

The move comes as much as 6 years after the first Gigabit Ethernet service was offered across the city of Chattanooga by the EPB. According to a commissioned study by the EPB, the service provided has indirectly catalysed injections of as much as $865.3 million to the local economy and created to the tune of 2,800 jobs when considered part of its  smart grid  which cuts line losses, contributes to lower power bills and limits power outages as per its claims.

Google s Fiber offerings have a dual effect in the North American region; the search engine giant is now a welcome addition to most city planning boardrooms given how popular its offerings are. In addition to this, this has resulted in other Internet Service Providers (ISPs), both in the region and adjacent areas to step up their game and offer more competitive packages and terms to their consumers at the same time as the FCC is pushing them to deliver better and cheaper access to the internet in terms of both infrastructure and choice to consumers. Google pulls the plug on Google Compare Google is shuttering its U.S. comparison-shopping site for auto insurance, credit cards and mortgages after one year, according to people familiar with the matter.

The quick reversal is a setback to the Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -0.09% GOOGL, -0.15% unit s efforts to use its enormous reach to provide consumers with niche shopping services and financial-services tools.

The site, dubbed Google Compare, allowed online shoppers to view multiple offers from auto insurers, mortgage lenders and credit-card issuers after entering personal information. Google made money primarily on referral commissions from insurers and lenders. In some cases, the company was licensed to sell products directly to consumers.

But the site wasn t generating substantially more revenue than standard search ads for such products, in part because consumers use many sites to comparison shop and take a long time to make decisions, said a person familiar with Google s decision.

Google also offers auto- and travel-insurance quotes in the U.K. It wasn t immediately clear if those services, which started before the U.S. offering, will be closed as well.

An expanded version of this report appears on WSJ.com. 
2016-03-21
Alphabet Inc. Is Shopping and May Turn to Shopify Inc. When Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)(NASDAQ:GOOG) is interested in acquiring a company, that company has proudly hit a level of distinction in the tech industry. This may be the case for Shopify Inc. (TSX:SH)(NYSE:SHOP). The cloud-based, multi-channel platform has been making waves recently, both in terms its recent quarterly results and news about interest from Alphabet. Here?s a look at the company, why it is becoming an M&A target, and what this means for investors. How is Shopify doing? Shopify currently trades at just over $36. Looking back over the past month, the stock is up by a very impressive 28%, largely erasing a dip 

I consent to receiving information from The Motley Fool via email, direct mail, and occasional special offer phone calls. I understand I can unsubscribe from these updates at any time. Please read the Privacy Statement and Terms of Service for more information.

Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Also receive a free Email Newsletter from the Motley Fool. (You may unsubscribe any time.)

When Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)(NASDAQ:GOOG) is interested in acquiring a company, that company has proudly hit a level of distinction in the tech industry.

This may be the case for Shopify Inc. (TSX:SH)(NYSE:SHOP). The cloud-based, multi-channel platform has been making waves recently, both in terms its recent quarterly results and news about interest from Alphabet.

Here s a look at the company, why it is becoming an M&A target, and what this means for investors.

How is Shopify doing?

Shopify currently trades at just over $36. Looking back over the past month, the stock is up by a very impressive 28%, largely erasing a dip in price from the start of the year and giving the stock a year-to-date improvement of just 2%.

In the most recent quarter, Shopify smashed year-over-year totals for revenue, but still posted a small earnings-per-share loss ($0.08). Revenues came in at over $70 million for the quarter, largely fueled by subscription revenues that gained 70% year over year, coming in at $34.6 million.

Growth in actual merchants using the platform was equally as exciting for investors. As of the most recent quarter, there are 243,000 merchants using the platform, an increase of 43,000 since the last quarter, and 68,000 more than there were two quarters back.

Recurring revenue from those merchants in the form of the average subscription fee was up by 72% for the quarter over the previous year, coming in at $11.3 million. Finally, the volume of orders being processed on Shopify s platform continues to increase, hitting $2.8 billion last quarter and representing 109% improvement over the same quarter last year.

Why is Alphabet shopping?

Alphabet is apparently looking to strengthen its grasp in the cloud and apps market as an alternative to Amazon Inc. and Microsoft Co. s competing platforms in AWS and Azure.

Shopify isn t the only company that s apparently on the shopping list; Metavine, Xactly and Namely were also mentioned. Metavine is a cloud app server, whereas Namely handles payroll and health benefits as an all-in-one HR platform. Xactly is a sales performance management solution.

Alphabet is right to want to shore up on the enterprise front, and an acquisition (or several) would give the company a near-complete suite to offer prospective business clients. Alphabet s focus has been on small- to medium-sized businesses and offers very attractive pricing in some cases, as low as $25 per user.

That s not to say that the company doesn t already have large clients; it does, after all, serve Spotify, Sony and Apple Inc., to name just a few. And it was recently revealed that a huge chunk of Apple s iCloud photos and documents may already be on servers owned by Alphabet.

Irrespective of whether or not Alphabet actually purchases Shopify, the company remains, in my opinion, a great addition to any portfolio. Shopify is in a period of sustained growth that includes both new business and renewal subscription fees. Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Partners With Cuba On Google Cardboard, Chromebook In Museum Alphabet Inc. is working on several developments with Cuba to expand internet connectivity in the country, the company announced in a blog post Monday. These partnerships are the first of what the company hopes will be more developments in Cuba.

Google has partnered with the Organic Romerillo Museum in Havana and will offer Google Cardboard, the low-cost virtual reality headsets, and Google Chromebook to visitors. These products will be connected to the internet via the government-owned network operator ETECSA.

 We hope this installation will enable people for whom internet access is scarce to browse the web and find information. We re excited that Cuban children will be able to try out virtual reality to explore sites from around the world   from Stonehenge to Port Hercule   the same way that children in other countries do,  Alphabet s Brett Perlmutter wrote in the blog post.

Photo: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images

Perlmutter is on Alphabet s Access and Energy team. He founded and leads the company s operations in Cuba and has overseen previous projects to bring Google technology to the country. For instance, in 2014, Google released Google Chrome, Google Play and Google Analytics as free apps in Cuba. The Google toolbar, as in Google web browsing, was introduced in 2015.

The news comes as President Barack Obama and his family, as well as other members of the government and U.S. business leaders, are on a historic visit to Cuba. It's the first time a sitting U.S. president has visited the island nation in 88 years.  We continue to move forward on many fronts when it comes to normalizing the relationship,  Obama said in a press conference Monday afternoon. "In the 21st century countries cannot be successful unless their citizens have access to the internet."

Obama will attend a summit about entrepreneurship in Cuba Monday afternoon.

Google s efforts are  first steps,  Perlmutter wrote, and said that the company is working to improve access to the internet. The United States and other companies therein have expressed interest in supplying Wi-Fi and broadband internet in Cuba, as Perlmutter wrote.

Photo: Carlos Becerra/Anadolu Agency/Getty Images

These efforts "come as other U.S. technology firms and other companies increase their efforts in Cuba to bring a variety of services to the island   including potentially Wi-Fi and broadband providers as well. We re also exploring additional possibilities around increasing and improving internet access, but they re at early stages,  the blog post reads.

Indeed, only 5 to 30 percent of citizens in Cuba have access to the internet, according to Freedom House, a U.S. nongovernmental organization.

Google has been working to expand internet access worldwide. Project Loon is Google s project to build and distribute balloons that can beam internet and be used in remote areas. Google Fiber is the company s high-speed internet provider in the United States.

With Cuba, in particular, Google has been quietly improving relationships and working to expand its presence in the country. Google even proposed a plan to the Cuban government and met with commercial companies, anonymous sources told El Nuevo Herald, according to the Miami Herald in July 2015. At the time Google had not given money to the government for developing internet access.

Prior to Google s blog post, Obama revealed Google s new deal in conversation with ABC News Sunday, which is set to air Monday night.  When you look out across Havana, you see the young people all gathered on street corners to borrow the Wi-Fi. I mean, fewer than 5 percent of the homes here in Havana have access to the internet,  ABC News anchor David Muir said to Obama.

 Well that s part of why some of these changes can be so significant,  Obama said. One of the things we ll be announcing here is that Google has a deal to start setting up more Wi-Fi access and broadband access on the island. Change is going to happen here. I think Raul Castro understands that.  Analysts Weigh In On Two Stock Giants: Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Top analysts weigh in on world innovation leader Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and American multinational conglomerate, parent company of Google, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), commenting on an upcoming launch event and recent marketing research, respectively.

Apple Inc.

Apple is hosting a launch event today where they are presumed to debut new products including the much awaited iPhone  SE , the 9.7  iPad Pro, new Apple Watch bands, and a host of software updates. What effect will this event have on the technology giant?

According to Pacific Crest analyst Andy Hargreaves , the upcoming event will a have minimal impact on the stock, and continue to recommend owning AAPL. He states,  We do not expect the new hardware or software to materially alter our outlook for earnings or our view of the stock. We continue to recommend owning AAPL based on likely growth in the iPhone 7 cycle and what we view as an attractive valuation. 

The analyst expects the iPhone SE to replace the iPhone 5s at the same price points of $450 and $500. As a result of this, the iPhone SE is expected to sell in a similar volume as the iPhone 5s , and have a similar overall margin profile. The analyst notes,  We believe the SE is positioned specifically to avoid the risk of significant changes in iPhone product mix going forward (i.e., to avoid trade-downs).Given this positioning and the likelihood for a similar unit and margin profile to the iPhone 5s, we do not expect the iPhone SE to have a meaningful impact on forward estimates. 

The analyst also explains that he does not expect iPad updates to cause significant change, claiming,  We do not expect the updates to materially change our outlook for iPad units, which seem likely to continue declining through F2016, but at a moderating rate. 

Subsequently, the analyst mentions that the new Apple Watch bands expected to be announced at the event will also have  no notable impact to Apple Watch sales volume.  Instead, he believes the company should  launch a broader range of wearables.  He explains,  We believe this should include devices with much less functionality than is included in the Apple Watch, more similar to data trackers .which could have a more positive impact on our outlook for the company s performance in the category. 

The analyst reiterates an Overweight rating on the company with a $178 price target. Andy Hargreaves is ranked #64 out of 3,820 analysts on TipRanks. He has a 59% success rate recommending stocks with an average return of 26.4% per recommendation.

According to TipRanks, based on 37 analysts offering recommendations for AAPL in the last 3 months, the overall consensus is Strong Buy with a total of 31 Buy ratings, 1 Sell rating, and 5 neutral ratings. The average 12-month price target according to TipRanks is $133.24, marking a 26% upside upside from where shares last closed.

Alphabet Inc.

Wells Fargo analyst Peter Stabler recently hosted a call with Chris Costello, Senior Director of Marketing Research at Kenshoo, a leading search and social marketing technology provider. Costello discussed Google s spending trends, as well as changes to its search engine results pages.

Google s changes to its desktop search engine results pages involved the elimination of right-hand rail ads, and an added fourth ad above organic results for highly commercial searches, with the expected maximum  on page ad load  moving from 11 to 7.

Mr. Costello reported increases in paid desktop Google clicks (in a range of +4-6%) and Google desktop search ad spend (+2-3%) following the weeks after changes were made to desktop SERPs.

According the analyst, Mr. Costello estimated total search ad spend growth for the quarter to date was  in the +5-10% YoY range, roughly in line with Kenshoo s +8% YoY total search ad spend growth estimate for 4Q15. 

As a result of growth in clicks and advertising, the analyst maintains an Outperform rating and and $900-$925 price target on GOOGL shares. Peter Stabler has a 65% success rate recommending stocks with an average return of 25% per recommendation.

According to TipRanks, based on 36 analysts offering recommendations for GOOGL in the last 3 months, the overall consensus is Strong Buy with 36 analysts bullish on the stock and one remaining on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for GOOGL is $923.33, marking a 22.23% upside from where shares last closed. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL): Enterprise edition appears on eBay Inc (NASDAQ ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) may have stopped Google Glass sales last summer, but the aborted product has been cited on eBay.

Click Here For More Market Exclusive Updates & Analysis

The version that appeared on eBay is said to be the enterprise version of the device, and it is on sale by a pawn shop in San Francisco, yet the company has not officially launched the Google Glass. The listing on eBay shows images of the device which spots a few notable changes from the earlier edition that was launched in 2013. Calvin Gabe, a Google+ user, was the first person to spot the listing.

Among the notable changes include a new charging port, new camera LED, and a better hinge design. According to 9to5Google, the enterprise edition was expected to feature a 5GHz WIFI band to enable video streaming. The blog has previously made some predictions in the past that have actually turned out to be correct. This time 9to5Google has reported that the company has also included an external battery pack though it did not appear in the images.

The initial images of the enterprise Google Glass were first seen in 2015 in an FCC filing, but the new listing on eBay provides more detailed images. Rumors also suggest that the new Google Glass has a bigger prism display that allows for more information. There is also an LED indicator that is visible during recording. Some of the other hardware changes that are expected include better battery life and a more efficient processor. Unfortunately, it is hard to distinguish such features from the images alone.

Alphabet has not reported when the enterprise Google Glass will be available on the market as well as the pricing details. The previous version was sold for $1,500 while the bids for the device listed on eBay had already reached $3,600 on Sunday evening. Google has been relatively silent on the matter and there are plans, but analysts claim that the official launch of the Google Glass might be just around the corner.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Alphabet Inc (GOOG)'s Google to Buy Three Start-ups to Upgrade Cloud Platform Alphabet Inc (GOOG) s Google to Buy Three Start-ups to Upgrade Cloud Platform 
2016-12-23
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Honda Motor Co Ltd (ADR) (HMC) Talk Strategic ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Honda Motor Co Ltd (ADR) (NYSE:HMC) swept the media-verse this week with news of a potential alliance in the works. GOOGL s self-driving car project, now known as Waymo, is in discussions to bring a second auto heavy-hitter under its belt.

On Wednesday, Honda made some waves revealing it is in conversation to test Alphabet s Waymo in assorted cars, exploring use of sensors to computers to software.

This would mark Waymo s second strategic partnership, as there already is a collaboration in the making with carmaker Fiat Chrysler, widely anticipated to kick-start a ride-hailing service with self-driving cars by the close of 2017.

Just one week prior, after having been in the Google X research lab for eight years, Alphabet s self-driving car project realized into an independent, separate company, Waymo, with a priority on selling its technology over building cars.

Worthy of note, the Google-parent company plans to keep under wraps the revenue and profitability of its self-driving tech company, with its financial results to be mixed under a branch titled  Other Bets  with the rest of non-Google businesses.

Ruth Porat, GOOGL Chief Financial Officer has advocated for investors to judge Other Bets throughout the course of a  long horizon,  keeping in mind viewing financial results through an  early stage  dose of perspective.

Waymo is adamant in its quest  that there will be more self-driving cars sooner, available from a variety of automakers.  Meanwhile, from Honda s perspective,  These discussions are an initial step that will allow Waymo and Honda R&D to further explore the potential of a broad range of automated driving technologies. 

Though these discussions are only just the beginning of a potential partnership, clearly both companies are serious enough to make even just initial talks a matter of news-worthy attention. Clearly both Waymo and Honda see it to their favor to make this dialogue public, perhaps to drum up further investor interest.

Brian Fitzgerald of research firm Jefferies for one finds the move encouraging, asserting,  The news supports our expectation that Waymo will be focused on technology with the potential to license to vehicle manufacturers rather than making the cars themselves. 

Moving forward, Waymo outlines the goal that this collaboration ignites future  opportunities to collaborate with Honda to advance fully self-driving technology and make our roads safer,  with hopes to add Honda s vehicles instilled with GOOGL technology to the existing fleet already under evaluation throughout four U.S. cities. Aegis Top Analyst Highlights Takeaways on Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Following ... Aegis top analyst Victor Anthony is confident on Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) after hosting an investor conference call on Tuesday with search engine marketing firm IgnitionOne delving into search advertising trends on the tech giant so far in the fourth quarter of 2016.

The marketing firm revealed paid search spending from clients saw a 15% year-over-year rise, which marks quite an acceleration from last quarter s 3.9% year-over-year decline, thanks to 28% in impression growth, 10% in click volume growth, and 5% in CPC growth. Although, the firm notes there also was a 15% dip in click-through-rates.

From Anthony s standpoint,  The CTR decline was attributed to the jump in impression growth. Mobile was the key driver with spend increasing 69% YoY, desktop increasing 5%, while tablet spend declined 28% YoY (bid modifier effect). The retail and finance verticals were very strong while travel was flat and education spend was down YoY. IgnitionOne is expecting healthy growth in search in 2017. 

Overall,  Both IgnitionOne and RKG reported accelerating growth in search spend in 4Q16, suggesting that Google search growth is very strong this quarter. Add to that, strong growth at YouTube given that app tracking data show a sharp jump in MAUs in 4Q (see our last GOOGL note for details), we see Alphabet reporting strong FX-neutral results,  Anthony concludes.

Following the conference call, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on GOOGL with a price target of $980, which represents a 21% increase from where the shares last closed.

Victor Anthony has a very good TipRanks score with a 63% success rate and he stands at #78 out of 4,289 analysts. Anthony garners 12.9% in his annual returns. When recommending GOOGL, Anthony earns 8.5% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics indicate GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 27 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 25 are bullish on Alphabet stock, 1 remains sidelined, and 1 is bearish on the stock. With a return potential of nearly 20%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $967.50. Alphabet Owned Google Faces Lawsuit from Former Employee  
2016-07-19
Deutsche Bank's 2Q Earnings Preview: Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Twitter Inc ... Deutsche Bank analyst Ross Sandler provides his expectations on 2Q:16 earnings from internet giants Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB). The analyst discusses his estimates for each as well as what lies ahead for the rest of 2016.

Ross Sandler is ranked #177 out of 4,064 analysts on TipRanks. He has a 62% success rate recommending stocks with an average return of 8.8% per recommendation.

Amazon.com, Inc.

Sandler discusses his views on Amazon s 2Q earnings release, set for July 28, 2016. Overall, the analyst expresses strong confidence in Amazon s business model, particularly its cloud platform, AWS.

According to the analyst s checks throughout 2016, AWS demonstrated superiority in  product updates and expanding infrastructure  compared to other public cloud providers. The analyst also predicts growth of AWS usage in the financial services sector, moving from 25% of IT spend today to 20-30% in the next 3 years. Regarding the Brexit, the analyst claims that AWS experienced a  limited impact  but will continue to watch for trends. Sandler predicts AWS revenues for 2q of $2.8 billion, a 53% y/y growth, and notes that this may be a conservative estimate.

The analyst also predicts 2Q growth in Amazon s retail sector due to recent investments in logistics as well as good execution. However, the analyst notes that 3Q CSOI may experience a slight slowdown due to growth investments such as its fleet of 40 planes to insource logistics, prime day discounts, India expansion, and Prime Now expansion.

Sandler provides his outlook for the rest of the year as well. He predicts continued AWS growth due to an increased focus on improving features, and  further penetration into key verticals.  The analyst predicts retail growth due to improving supply chain factors, a potential $1 Billion in revenue due to holiday Echo sales, and positive feedback on Amazon s  connected home  efforts.

The analyst reiterates a Buy rating on the company with a $900 price target. He explains,  After the strong outperformance recently, we think shares may be range-bound on 2Q results, but we remain bullish on the long-term opportunity and recommend adding to position on any weakness. 

According to TipRanks, out of all the analysts who have rated the company in the last 3 months, 91% gave a Buy rating while 9% remain on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $829.71, marking a 13% upside from where shares last closed.

Twitter Inc

Sandler provides his expectations for Twitter s 2Q earnings, set to release on July 26. Due to the  steady progress  throughout the quarter, the analyst hopes for in-line revenue of $606 million and slight MAU growth. The analyst points to Twitter s efforts to increase its users through product updates, advertising growth, and video content promotion. He explains,  We continue to see small product tweaks which tend to help user engagement and retention. 

According to the analyst s quarterly checks, O&O revenue has remained  stable  throughout 2Q with an increasing focus on video. Additionally, the company has displayed better h\expected growth in TAP as well as DR advertising, which should serve as a catalyst later this year due to the Google integration.

Despite slight MAU growth, the analyst notes that Twitter must do more to generate meaningful growth. He explains,  The many product revisions shipped in 1H are having a small positive impact on engagement, but we don t see MAU increasing meaningfully without major product changes or new ideas.  However, he reassures investors that Twitter is on the right path to growth. He states,  Many investors believe that Twitter usage and engagement is declining, and that s simply not accurate. 

The analyst believes that Twitter will benefit from upcoming events such as the NFL partnership and the Olympics which should contribute to 2H growth. However, he notes that consensus revenue estimate for 3Q are 5-10% too high due to  mis-modeled  organic growth. While the company may experience some short term challenges, Sandler believes Twitter  remains in turn around mode  despite investor uneasiness. In fact, the analyst believes  the recent string of miss and lower  metrics will end after 2Q, representing a compelling risk-reward ratio.

Sandler believes that current share prices are range bound as they factor in risks. However, the analyst does not predict any meaningful growth resulting from earnings due to continuously lowered street estimates.

The analyst reiterates a Buy rating on shares with a $23 price target.

According to TipRanks  statistics, out of all the analysts who have rated Twitter in the last 3 months, 31% are bullish, 14% are bearish, and 55% remain on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $18.84, marking a 1% upside from where shares last closed.

Alphabet Inc

Sandler provides his predictions for Google s 2Q earnings report, set to release on July 28. The analyst predicts better than expected earnings of $15.1 billion for the quarter compared to $15 billion consensus due to  stable  trends from his firm s quarterly checks, as well as SEM agencies in the UK which point to  limited risk to 2H estimates from Brexit.  According to Sandler, Google should experience near term growth due to product improvements. He explains,  The company continues to introduce a number of visible (and less known) tweaks to core search, which should help sustain growth in the near term. 

Sandler addresses investor concern regarding TAC (traffic acquisition costs), believing they are temporary and  overblown , and pointing to a stable 2 year growth rate since 4Q15. Going forewarned, the analyst believes the company s growth momentum should increase  now that Google is over the 50% threshold in mobile.  Specifically, the analyst highlights a  decent probability  of above consensus Sites revenue for the quarter.

The analyst believes the company will capitalize on machine learning near term and highlights a compelling entry point for shares. He explains,  Stepping back from Search, we think the investment community will start to see the massive opportunity that machine learning and AI are likely to bring Google in the next 12-18 months, and we want to use current negative sentiment periods to add to positions ahead of that. 

The analyst reiterates his Buy rating on shares with a $1,100 price target.

According to TipRanks, all 34 analysts who have rated the company in the past 3 months are bullish. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $913.16, marking a 21% upside from where shares last closed.

Facebook Inc

Sandler also weighed in on Facebook ahead of its 2Q earnings release on July 27. According to the analyst s checks throughout the quarter, the analyst  heard mostly bullish feedback.  Additionally, Sandler notes that the Brexit did not negatively affect the company or its mobile advertising. The analyst addresses concerns regarding falling engagement trends of Facebook and Instagram, believing they are  overblown,  highlighting Instagram s increasing ads. In fact, the analyst points out that and increasing number of notable brands use FB tracking pixels and new ad products every quarter,  which allows FB to capture more uncapped budgets outside of mobile-first categories like gaming. 

The analyst provides his ad revenue, EBITDA, and EPS estimates of $5.84 billion, $3.87 million, and $0.85, respectively, crediting lower than expected R+D growth mixed with COGS from Oculus. According to the analyst s checks, the company shipped 100k Oculus units YTD, way above the analyst s expectations, which should contribute a 70bps to margins.

Sandler addresses investor concern of a 2016 peak for the company. He believes Facebook still has room for growth, identifying Facebook s new Messenger assistant and WhatsApp as catalysts. The analyst is also impressed with the company s management and firmly believes in their innovation potential. He explains,  There should be optionality around future innovation that the investment community is unaware of today.  While Sandler acknowledges a slowdown in the past 3-6, he believes this is only temporary and represents a compelling entry point for shares.

The analyst reiterates a Buy rating on shares with a $160 price target.

According to TipRanks, out of all that analysts who have rated the company in the past 3 months, 95% gave a Buy rating while 5% remain neutral. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $147.71, marking a 24% upside from where shares last closed. Salesforce.Com, Inc. (NYSE:CRM) Takes Measures Against Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ ... Salesforce.Com, Inc. (NYSE:CRM) has decided to take unorthodox measures so that it can go around the OS fragmentation problem faced by Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google Android operating system.

The fragmentation problem has been one of the pesky issues that Google has been facing with its OS versions. This is because some of the users on the Android OS choose not to upgrade their handsets to the latest version. Another problem is that there are very many handset manufacturing firms whose handsets use the Android OS. A lot of money, therefore, has to be spent to offer support and tests to the different handsets. Salesforce is aware of these problems and has decided to overcome them once and for all by limiting the number of devices supported.

Salesforce announced on its official support page that it will only support Google Nexus and Samsung Galaxy devices. The firm released a statement saying that the decision to support a limited number of devices regardless of the many Android devices on the market was so that it can improve its services on the devices supported. This will allow Android users on supported devices to have a better user experience.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has managed to cut down on fragmentation thanks to the fact that it manufactures its own devices and there is uniformity in its operating system. This is because it does not have to spend a lot on testing since it has a limited number of devices. That being said there is still some degree of fragmentation because it has different iPhone models on the market.

The limited support that Salesforce has is raising a lot of questions as to the company s plans. However, the report did not go into details to explain why it decided to cut down on supported devices. If the company decides to follow through with the claim, it will give Samsung a more solid foothold in the handset market where the handset manufacturer has already been exercising dominance.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-10-25
All Eyes on Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Earnings This Week It is officially that time of year for the most anticipated week of this earnings season. All eyes are on tech titans Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) as they about to release their quarterly earnings, and analysts from Oppenheimer, Drexel Hamilton, and RBC Capital are all weighing in with insightful previews. Depending on whether you side with Oppenheimer s cautious case for Apple or Drexel Hamilton s bullish thoughts on the matter, there are clear-cut reasons for both perspectives. Meanwhile, as far as one of Wall Street s top analysts is concerned, Alphabet continues to dominate online advertising platforms. Let s dive in:

Apple Inc.

The most anticipated report of the entire earnings season will be released after today s closing bell. Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz and Drexel Hamilton Brian White weigh in on Apple Inc. earnings.

Though Uerkwitz raises his fiscal fourth quarter, 2017, and 2018 estimates on back of slightly enhanced performance from the iPhone cycle thanks to an  improving ASP trend,  he remains sidelined ahead of the print without much hope for products to drive material upside.

As such, the analyst reiterates a Perform rating on AAPL without listing a price target.

For the fiscal fourth quarter, Uerkwitz lifts revenue projections for the fiscal year of 2017 from $209 billion to $211 billion and EPS estimates from $8.14 to $8.30, as well as raises his forecasts for the fiscal year of 2018 with revenue boosted from $245 billion to $248 billion in revenue and $10.63 to $10.84 in EPS on back of a surge in iPhone ASP, which he believes is  offset by lowered Watch estimates. 

Moreover, Uerkwitz increases his fiscal fourth-quarter revenue projection from $46 billion to $47 billion and EPS from $1.58 to $1.66 thanks to elevated iPhone ASP and shipment assumptions. However, the analyst s estimates for the fiscal year of 2017  stay significantly below consensus, reflecting our concerns for Mar/Jun  17. 

Uerkwitz notes,  Our FY17 estimates remain materially lower than consensus, as we believe March and June of 2017 may see Y/ Y shipment decline due to waning demand for iPhone 7 and mounting anticipation for the calendar 2017 iPhone refresh. Meanwhile, we see little upside from non-iPhone products such as Apple Watch, iPad, and MacBook. 

 Although initial anecdotal feedback for iPhone 7 seemed to ease investor concern due to higher ASP and positive reviews, we maintain there is still a high risk of weaker-than-expected results in March and June  17. We keep our FY17 estimates below consensus and FY18 estimates above consensus, reflecting higher expectations for the next iPhone cycle,  Uerkwitz surmises.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, five-star analyst Andrew Uerkwitz is ranked #313 out of 4,190 analysts. Uerkwitz has a 54% success rate and realizes 7.8% in his annual returns. However, when recommending AAPL, Uerkwitz loses 8.3% in average profits on the stock.

Meanwhile, analyst Brian White enters with a bit of a different perspective ahead of tonight s report, countering with a bullish forecast for the internet giant, reiterating a Buy rating on shares of AAPL with a $185 price target, which represents a 57% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

In fact, not only is White positive, he has expectations for AAPL s fiscal fourth quarter for the giant to  slightly exceed  his sales projection of $46.05 billion, with the Street meanwhile estimating $46.89 billion, as well as his EPS forecast of $1.59, which is ahead of consensus of $1.65.

The analyst adds,  Our sales estimate represents a 9% QoQ increase and better than the five-year average QoQ growth of 5% over past September quarters. 

Ultimately,  Apple remains our top pick for H2:2016 given our view that the sales, profit and iPhone cycle have bottomed, while valuation remains depressed and we expect the iPhone 7 cycle will return the iPhone franchise to growth. We anticipate iPhone unit growth to return in FY:17 and the we believe the iPhone 8 can drive another year of growth in FY:18,  White contends.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Brian White is ranked #115 out of 4,190 analysts. White has a 58% success rate and yields 8.5% in his yearly returns. When recommending AAPL, White gains 20.4% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Based on 35 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 30 rate a Buy on AAPL, 4 rate the stock a Hold, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month price target stands at $128.25, marking a nearly 9% upside from where the shares last closed.

Alphabet Inc

Top analyst Mark Mahaney at RBC Capital is encouraged on Alphabet in his preview for the Google-parent company ahead of third-quarter earnings due October 27th. Therefore, the analyst reiterates an Outperform rating on GOOGL with a price target of $1,025, which represents just under 24% increase from where the shares last closed.

From Mahaney s eyes,  Google continued to be the largest platform for Online advertising dollars and future intents to spend on skewed positively. 

For the third quarter, Mahaney expects gross revenue of $22.46 billion, net revenue of $18.36 billion, non-GAAP operating income of $7.55 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $8.81. Additionally, both the analyst s gross and net revenue estimates outreach the Street, with forecasts for $22.09 billion in gross revenue and $17.98 billion in net revenue. Mahaney s non-GAAP operating income projection of $7.44 billion and non-GAAP EPS estimate of $8.62 also are ahead of consensus.

The analyst opines,  We are also looking for $8.7B in Core Google non-GAAP operating profit (a 48% margin on net revenue, up 40bps Y/Y), as we believe the company s improved cost focus could drive margin expansion. 

While Google experienced a $875MM loss back in the third quarter of last year, presently, Mahaney anticipates $196MM in Other Bets revenue and a non-GAAP operating loss of $1,066MM, which he denotes as a rise from last year.

 In Q2, GOOGL fully completed their authorized repurchases, but did not announce a new plan. We would be surprised if Google did not announce a new share repo plan before the end of 2016,  Mahaney concludes.

RBC Capital top analyst Mark Mahaney has a very good TipRanks score with a 70% success rate and he ranks at #3 out of 4,190 on the analyst leaderboard. Mahaney garners 20.6% in his yearly returns. When rating GOOGL, Mahaney earns 15.5% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 31 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 30 rate a Buy on GOOGL, while 1 issues a Sell. The consensus price target stands at $949.81, marking a nearly 15% upside from where the stock is currently trading. Oppenheimer Weighs in on Two Stock Giants: Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) and ... Oppenheimer analysts are maintaining mixed ratings on electric car Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) and search giant Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) into the 3Q earnings reports. Let s take a closer look:

Tesla Motors Inc

In anticipation of Tesla s transition to reporting GAAP revenue and ahead of third-quarter figures due out tomorrow, Oppenheimer analyst Colin Rusch is updating his model for historical GAAP revenue results. Rusch s 3Q16 revenue estimate is now $1,866.3M (was $2,327.4M). Rusch reiterated a Perform rating on TSLA, without providing a price target.

Rusch wrote,  Given the potential confusion around TSLA s anticipated reporting changes, we are publishing an updated model to help investors navigate these adjustments. The critical change in proforma revenue is the recognition of lease revenue not total vehicle value. Due to high percentage of deferred revenue (~35%), this change also materially changes EPS. We expect cash flow estimates to remain intact. We also believe the new reporting structure highlights the importance of TSLA s lease partners and risks around TSLA s used vehicle market whether it is older vehicles cannibalizing new sales or the brisk pace of innovation limiting interest in older vehicles. While used Tesla s have held value well to date, we view the end of lease vehicle strategy as a critical variable for future cash needs. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Colin Rusch has a yearly average return of 8.3% and a 47% success rate. Rusch has an 88.9% average return when recommending TSLA, and is ranked #425 out of 4190 analysts.

Out of the 26 analysts polled by TipRanks, 9 rate Tesla Motors stock a Buy, 10 rate the stock a Hold and 7 recommend a Sell. With a return potential of 26%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $254.81.

Alphabet Inc

Oppenheimer analyst Jason Helfstein remains bullish on Alphabet ahead of its third-quarter earnings release on October 27. Helfstein reiterated an Outperform rating on the stock, with a price target of $970, which represents a potential upside of 17% from where the stock is currently trading.

Helfstein stated,  On the positive side: 1) US retail sales remains healthy; 2) we expect moderate ad spend increase in Asia/Europe/LatAm; 3) share gains from YHOO/ MSFT; and 4) YouTube usage remains strong. Additionally, we believe other income should continue to be EPS-accretive, driven by capital market gains/hedging. Lastly, we believe investor sentiment is greater in FB & AMZN, setting up more attractive near-term risk-reward. 

 We believe 3Q:16 consensus appears conservative, given healthy fundamental trends and accelerating monetization. Valuation modestly above historical average (2008-to-date), and could continue to expand on upbeat tone during earnings call, less bullish sentiment by tech investors and potential new business opportunities (Cloud/IoT/AI). Estimates unchanged,  the analyst concludes.

According to data compiled by TipRanks.com, analyst Jason Helfstein has a yearly average return of 9% and a 57% success rate. Helfstein has a 11.1% average return when recommending GOOGL, and is ranked #151 out of 4190 analysts.

The overwhelmingly majority of analysts say Alphabet is a  Buy.  The average forecast is for the stock to hit $949 in the coming months, according to TipRanks. Cantor Top Analyst Speculates on Three Internet Stocks: Twitter Inc (TWTR ... Top analyst Youssef Squali at Cantor joins the earnings season chatter with his perspective on three of the internet s giants: Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Why does Squali express subdued expectations from the sidelines for Twitter, but see booming growth ahead for Amazon and Alphabet? Let s take a closer look:

Cantor top analyst Youssef Squali has a very good TipRanks score with a 71% success score and he stands at #5 out of 4,190 on the analyst leaderboard. Squali garners 14.0% in his annual returns. However, when recommending TWTR, Squali loses 14.6% in average profits on the stock. When suggesting AMZN, Squali realizes 32.4%. When rating GOOGL, Squali yields 13.8%.

Twitter Inc

As Twitter has been experiencing a downturn in monetization and  anemic  new monthly active users (MAUs), Squali does not have high expectations heading into what he believes likely will be  muted  quarterly results come October 27th.

All indications for Squali point to an  underwhelming  print and  potential downside to 3Q user growth  waiting for the social networking giant. Though monetization was once robust at the start of 2016, Squali observed the beginning of cracks starting to appear during the second quarter, and now fully anticipates  more pressure  in the third quarter. Meanwhile, ever since August, unique visitors have been on a downward spiral through September,  marking the first Y/Y declines we ve seen in comScore s multi-platform data,  Squali observes.

Therefore, the analyst reiterates a Hold rating on shares of TWTR with an $18 price target, which mirrors where the shares last closed.

For the third quarter, the analyst anticipates TWTR will reach 316 million users, which denotes 3 million net adds. Additionally, Squali projects a 6.2% year-over-year rise in revenue to $604.7 million, just above FactSet s $604.0 million estimate and in guidance range of $590 to $610 million. The analyst estimates TWTR will post EBITDA of $157.0 million, significantly ahead of consensus of $149.7 million and guidance of $135 to $150 million. Squali expects guidance will  likely  be  in line  with the Street, with consensus estimating revenue of $748.6 million and EBITDA of $192.5 million for the fourth quarter.

 We expect the new strategy around live streaming of sports, entertainment and political content to yield little in terms of P&L in 3Q, but 4Q guidance and FY17 qualitative commentary could prove positive for the stock. We view Twitter as a viable, global and differentiated platform, hit by execution issues. If mgt. is unable to reverse the sagging growth trends within the next couple of quarters, chances of a take-out increase materially, in our view,  Squali surmises.

As the analyst assesses the situation,  traction  with the NFL s Thursday Night Football live-streaming games will be  crucial  to the  success  of TWTR s new content strategy.

TipRanks analytics exhibit TWTR as a Hold. Based on 33 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 5 rate a Buy on TWTR, 21 maintain a Hold, while 7 issue a Sell. The 12-month price target stands at $17.34, marking a nearly 4% downside from where the stock is currently trading.

Amazon.com, Inc.

So far, all third-quarter channel checks look  positive  for Amazon ahead of the October 27th report, considering  U.S. e-commerce saw strong growth  and climbed 16% year-over-year in the third quarter. Notably, Squali is looking for  robust top-line growth  as he maintains a bullish forecast for the online auction and e-commerce leader.

The analyst believes prospects are solid for core retail to continue its stellar performance across the U.S. and internationally, and he expects  sustained momentum  for Amazon Web Services (AWS). Meanwhile, Squali notes that the success of Prime Day is  likely to boost growth  for the quarter, with orders during the 2016 event up over 60% world-wide and over 50% in the U.S.

For the third quarter, Squali expects revenues to fall  in line  with the Street s estimate of $32.66 billion, which indicates an over 29% year-over-year surge in revenue, and $0.78 in EPS. Squali himself is projecting $32.49 billion in revenue and $0.58 in EPS. Guidance is out for $31.0 to $33.5 billion in revenue. Additionally, Squali anticipates gross margin of 35.3%,  reflecting a higher mix of AWS, 3P and digital. 

Moreover, the analyst asserts,  We expect F/X to result in a revenue tailwind of ~$85M and ~$0.01 positive impact on EPS. On a Y/Y basis, F/X should result in a 45bp contribution to top-line growth, relatively in line with mgt s assumption for a 30bp tailwind. 

As for fourth-quarter outlook, Squali believes this also will  likely  be  in line with consensus,  which currently calls for $44.56 billion in revenue and $1.7 billion in operating income.

 We expect solid 3Q results out of Amazon on 10/27, with ~29%+ Y/Y reported revenue growth, driven by its growing share of retail, robust 3P and AWS businesses. Our checks show healthy double-digit pace of growth in ecommerce and we view Amazon as one of the prime beneficiaries of such a trend,  Squali contends.

Overall, Squali sees full bullish steam ahead for the company and reiterates a Buy rating on AMZN with a price target of $1,000, which represents just under a 19% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate AMZN as a Strong Buy. Based on 34 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 33 rate a Buy on AMZN, while 1 maintains a Hold. The consensus price target stands at $936.82, marking a nearly 12% upside from where the stock is currently trading.

Alphabet Inc

Alphabet is set to deliver its third-quarter earnings on October 27th and Squali likes the Google-parent company s odds for  solid  results, as all checks have revealed  sustained strength  awaits. As such, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on shares of GOOGL with a $1,000 price target, which represents a 19% increase from current levels.

Comparatively with the Street, Squali finds himself  in line  with estimates, projecting third-quarter net revenue of $17,984.5 million and EBITDA of $8,975.3 million. FactSet consensus calls for $17,982.8 million in net revenue and $8,953.8 million in EBITDA. Additionally, Squali s estimates model for  solid  19.0% in year-over-year growth for net revenue and 21.5% for EBITDA,  implying that Search is far from mature and that Alphabet continues to gain share in the digital ad market.  The analyst forecasts NEPS of $8.32, under the Street s estimate of $8.63.

Though the analyst anticipates  slight  foreign exchange (F/X) tailwinds for both third and fourth quarter, he believes the company s hedging program has the chance to  offset much of this impact. 

Furthermore, Squali notes that consensus projections for fourth quarter calling for net revenue of $20,225.1 million and EBITDA of $9,899.7 million  imply healthy growth still.  From the analyst s perspective, Google Web Sites remain Alphabet s fundamental driver of growth.

Squali believes,  Search and Display on O&O sites in the U.S., mobile, PLAs, programmatic and video should be major revenue drivers,  referencing that a recent survey from Kenshoo revealed Google signifies 68% of spend on Search, and 62% of the total companies polled have intentions to raise their search budgets for the upcoming holiday season.  Interestingly  to the analyst, 90% of companies expressed prioritized importance on search keywords in the context of this year s holiday marketing,  boosted  by expanded text ads coupled with product listing ads (PLAs). Meanwhile, Alphabet s fourth ad link introduced to desktop last February should also be beneficial.

 Results should be in line with Street estimates, in our view, showing healthy growth in both the top and bottom lines, and setting the stage for a robust 4Q. Intra-quarter checks suggest that Search and O&O Display did well, with sustained momentum from mobile, programmatic and video. Last week s Paypal results, showing accelerating growth in online commerce/payments bode well for GOOGL, in our view. Management is likely to highlight AI, VR and hardware, all growing areas of focus and investment,  Squali concludes.

TipRanks analytics indicate GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 31 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 30 rate a Buy on GOOGL, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month price target stands at $949.81, marking a nearly 14% upside from where the shares last closed. Google introduces whiteboard cloud product  
2016-05-02
Should Alphabet Inc. Investors Be Concerned About Ad Growth In 2016? If investors want an example of a fast-growing company and industry leader that's become a victim of its own success, it's Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

By virtually every important metric, Alphabet began 2016 with a bang. Outstanding top-line results of $20.26 billion were 17% higher than the year-ago Q1; earnings-per-share (EPS) climbed 16% to $7.50 on a non-GAAP basis, excluding one-time items; and Alphabet's other revenue line item -- consisting of Google Play, Fiber, and the like -- climbed 24% to $2.1 billion.

The result of Alphabet's stellar kick-off to 2016? Alphabet's stock price is down a whopping 9% to $691.02 as of April 28, a week after earnings were announced. Missing analyst expectations and ongoing losses from its other bets unit -- home of Alphabet's "moonshots" -- were the culprits.

Despite its spiraling stock price, Alphabet fans shouldn't be overly concerned. After all, its results were sound, regardless of analysts' expectations, right? Well, maybe -- unless a new report from eMarketer that suggests ad revenues in Alphabet's Google are going to take a beating in 2016 prove correct. On top of the current unease, declining ad sales this year would add insult to Alphabet's injury.

First, the bad news

Worldwide net ad revenues have been slowly declining the past few years, according to eMarketer. In 2014, Google enjoyed a 19.1% jump in global advertising revenue. That figure declined to 15% last year, and, according to eMarketer estimates, net ad sales growth will drop to just 9% in 2016. And the downward trend won't stop there.

By 2018, eMarketer predicts Google will grow ad sales just 7.3%. It should be noted that even at a meager 7%-plus improvement, Google is still estimated to rake in $66.71 billion in net ad revenue in 2018, easily outdistancing its primary competitor, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), along with every other digital advertiser on the planet. Single-digit ad growth still leaves Alphabet with 30.9% of the world's digital net ad revenue this year, followed by Facebook in a distant second with 12%, according to eMarketer.

Following a blowout quarter that sent Facebook stock to new all-time highs, thanks in part to its 57% jump in ad revenue to $5.2 billion, the "distant second" position it now occupies may not be "distant" for as long as some may have thought.

A more pressing concern for shareholders than Facebook's closing the digital ad leadership gap is the response from investors following Alphabet's "disappointing" earnings. When a 17% revenue increase and 16% year-over-year non-GAAP EPS improvement spark a nearly double-digit share price decline, how will investors and pundits react should Alphabet end 2016 as eMarketer predicts? Time will tell, but the odds that single-digit ad growth passes without notice or concern are pretty slim.

What it means

Alphabet's sheer size ensured that the pace of growth from its core business would slow eventually, even as the digital advertising market continues to skyrocket. And Alphabet, with its nearly 31% of the world's digital ad market, is still getting more than its fair share. According to eMarketer, digital advertising spend will surpass TV as the No. 1 choice of the world's marketers in 2017. The global ad market is expected to reel in $579 billion this year.

An arrow in Alphabet's quiver that suggests eMarketer's estimates could be overly pessimistic is the ongoing monetization of YouTube. The video service is estimated to add a net $5.18 billion to Alphabet's revenue coffers this year, up from an estimated $4.28 billion in 2015. Alphabet doesn't share YouTube revenue specifics, so investors are left with estimates and eMarketer shows increasing numbers.

The year-over-year 21% forecast revenue growth of YouTube to over $5 billion is nothing to sneeze at, and it may prove too conservative. Alphabet said its YouTube "partner revenue" is up 50% year over year for the third straight year. Alphabet's TrueView ads -- which make it easier for consumers to purchase advertised products -- are also a YouTube hit with marketers.

No, long-term Alphabet investors, the sky isn't falling. But be prepared: In the near term at least, should declining ad growth projections come to pass, there will be more hiccups in Alphabet's future. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Google Drive Files Can Be Saved Locally; Here's How Published By: Patrick Arruda on May 2, 2016 07:11 am EST

If you own an Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Gmail account, you will already have access to Google Drive. Apart from 15GB of completely free storage space, Google Drive integrates with several other Google apps in order to make it easier for users to get things done. However, this can be quite a problem if you are without internet access or if you lose your files. Fortunately, there is a way for you to save all your Google Drive files locally, and here s how you can make this possible.

1. Download the Google Drive desktop client, which is available for both, Windows and Mac.

2. Download Drive manually. After downloading the desktop client, visit Google Tools, and then click on Download, after which you will need to select the appropriate version of the platform you are using.

3. Once downloaded, install Drive and then sign in using your credentials.

4. After syncing your account, all your data will be downloaded to your PC or Mac.

5. One the data is downloaded, you can disable sync from within Account Settings in order to prevent it from being manipulated or changed.

6. Several restore points can be created this way, and it will thus allow you to keep multiple versions of files in case you need them later on.

Even though there are several third-party apps out there that can help make this possible, they do have their drawbacks and are difficult to manage. The aforementioned steps should make the whole process easier to carry out, and thus allow users to save their Google Drive files locally without any hassles whatsoever. 
2016-04-08
Inside-Outside-Bias In Startups The most disruptive companies are the ones which believe they can succeed where others have failed.

Daniel Kahneman wrote about his experiences with the inside/outside bias. Kahneman, a team of graduate students, and the Dean of the Hebrew University School of Education collaborated on curriculum for judgment and decision-making for high schools. At one point, Kahneman surveyed his team to estimate the amount of time remaining to complete project.

The group s opinion ranged from 18 to 30 months. The Dean, who had developed several textbooks in the past, initially concurred with the group. But Kahneman prodded him on the timelines for his other projects, at which point the Dean reflected and responded previous teams completed these projects in 7 to 10 years  time. Thinking as an insider, a member of the team, the Dean dramatically underestimated the scope of the project remaining, despite his expertise. Ultimately, the book was completed eight years later. Inside/outside bias.

An entrepreneur told me about this bias, and I reacted by saying more or less all founders ignore it. There are two relevant refrains in Startupland.  This time it s different. We have a different approach, unique team, and the market has changed,  and,  If I had known what it would have taken to succeed in this business, I wouldn t have started it.  Those bookend the startup journey from founding to exit, and articulate inside/outside bias from each.

Perhaps, there s a good reason to ignore it. The most disruptive companies are the ones which believe they can succeed where others have failed. The  last  search company was Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Instagram and Snapchat (CHAT) thrived in a social media environment seemingly asphyxiated by Facebook s (NASDAQ:FB) dominance. Salesforce (NYSE:CRM) challenged the Oracle (NYSE:ORCL) and Siebel s hegemony in CRM. I could keep listing examples.

Plus the feeling of us vs. the world is a powerful unifying cry, particularly at the outset of a business, when three to four people dream of changing the world from a sofa and kitchen table. It will be different. We will succeed where others haven t. We will disrupt. Inside/outside bias is the thick skin needed to survive the doubts, fears and insecurities that starting a business inevitably evokes in the team.

To head blindly into a new sector with clear minds, full hearts, and bravado-fueled-bias may not be enough. In Kahneman s case, the team may have been exceptionally bright - Kahneman is a Nobel laureate - but nothing in the team s approach positioned them to author a textbook on a massively accelerated timeframe.

But the companies above and many other successes did benefit from a discontinuity: Google developed novel server technology and a better algorithm; Instagram leveraged the explosive usage of mobile phone; Snapchat seized an unmet desire for the privacy rendered by ephemerality; Salesforce sold CRM as a service.

Inside/outside bias may be an essential ingredient to starting a company, a swagger, brio, gusto necessary to weather the vicissitudes of startup-life. Better yet is to substantiate that bias with a reason why things are different this time, why the team can succeed where others have failed, why the market has changed. Something the company believes that no one else does. A secret to inspire that confidence and defend the bias. GOOG Stock: This Device Could Be Huge for Alphabet Inc By Jeff Russell, B. Comm., MA Published : April 8, 2016

When Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) made its first foray into virtual reality (VR) almost two years ago with the release of  Google Cardboard,  many thought it was a joke. There was just no way that a company known for its high-tech endeavors would release a piece of cardboard that wraps around a mobile device and call it VR. But rumor has it that Google is about to get serious about VR and that could mean big things for GOOG stock.

The latest version of Google Cardboard uses a pair of glass lenses and an app to mimic virtual reality. It works with any  Android  or  iOS  smartphone and will set you back a hefty $15.00. All kidding aside, Cardboard was never meant to be a true contender in the increasingly competitive virtual reality space. The technology behind Cardboard is severely lacking compared to competitors  devices.

But that is about to change.

It looks like Google is going to throw a VR headset in the ring and go head-to-head with the likes of Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (KRX:005930), Sony Corp (NYSE:SNE), and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) who have released or are about to release their own virtual reality devices.

According to The Wall Street Journal, Google is developing a virtual reality headset that doesn t rely on a smartphone, computer, or game console. (Source:  Google Developing Stand-Alone Virtual-Reality Headset,  The Wall Street Journal, February 11, 2016.) That would be a first in the market.

Facebook s  Oculus Rift  headset requires that it be attached via cable to an Oculus-ready PC. Reviews have been positive for the device, but a common theme is that it s hard to avoid tripping on the cord or getting tangled in it. Google s headset would apparently eliminate this problem.

Samsung s  Gear VR  headset needs a Galaxy smartphone to work, which the Google VR headset would also be free of.

Google s planned standalone headset appears to fall somewhere between the lower-powered Gear and the graphics-intensive Oculus. (Source: Ibid.) The device will come with a screen plus high-powered processors and outward-facing cameras.

It sounds like the headset will be a great middle ground for consumers. While it won t be as powerful as the Oculus Rift, it will be as portable as the Gear but with a much more immersive experience and more computing power behind it

There were hints a couple months ago that Google was about to enter the space. In January, Google announced that it was naming Clay Bavor chief at its new virtual reality division. Job openings also went up online shortly after the announcement, with the company seeking candidates who can design and deliver virtual reality hardware. (Source:  Google Developing  High Volume  Consumer VR Hardware,  New Job Postings Suggest, Road to VR, January 23, 2016.)

Google may be a bit late to the game, but fortunately for them the VR market hasn t taken off yet. Actually, they are arriving just in time, as virtual reality is about to be huge. But is it enough to put a dent in a company worth $500 billion with $78.0 billion a year in revenue?

Forecasts are a bit all over the place, but here s a look at what the market could become: Market research firm TrendForce predicts that the market for VR hardware and software will reach $70.0 billion by 2020. (Source:  Virtual Reality Could Generate $70 Billion in Real Money by 2020, Re/code,  December 3, 2015.)

Another recent report forecasts that the number of virtual reality devices sold will reach 2.5 million in 2016, 12 million in 2017, and 24 million in 2018. The same report says that by 2018, virtual reality devices will become a $4.0-billion market. (Source:  Augmented and Virtual Reality Devices to Become a $4 Billion-Plus Business in Three Years,  CCS Insight, accessed March 21, 2016.)

It s safe to say that Google s foray into virtual reality is going to be worth it.

Let s not forget that Google is a search ads business at its core. Virtual reality ads might end up being one of the most compelling and effective ways to connect with consumers. Brands such as Coca-Cola, HBO and Nissan have already ventured into this space. As virtual reality takes off, more advertisers are likely to invest in VR ads and Google will be right there to benefit.

The Bottom Line on GOOG Stock

If Google really is working on a standalone virtual reality headset, the device could significantly add to the company s bottom line. When that happens, VR could be a huge catalyst for GOOG stock. Alphabet's secretive Schaft Inc. shows off new bipedal robot in Tokyo There s a new bot in town (Tokyo, specifically), and while it might not be as cute as Nao, as creepy as Spot and BigDog or as anthropomorphic as Atlas, it might be more practical than all of them. It walks on two legs, but not like a man, or even a bear. This one, designed by Alphabet-owned Schaft Inc., has its own uniquely robotic form of locomotion.

The nameless robot strutted onstage at the New Economic Summit in Japan, joining Schaft co-founder Yuto Nakanishi and facing a delighted crowd. A video then played showing robots like the one on stage, but different   but all with a few things in common.

Most important has to be the walking system. Rather than imitate a human gait, which is a remarkably complex controlled-falling affair, these robots have rigid legs that slide up and down like rails.

This allows them to lift without bending, while joints at the top allow them to be canted in or out and  ankles  at the bottom provide stability on uneven terrain. Batteries and motors are suspended between the legs, creating a naturally low center of gravity.

No name yet for Google #Schaft prototype bipedal robot, aimed at helping society by carrying heavy loads #NEST2016 pic.twitter.com/wuMMG65GPg   timhornyak (@robotopia) April 8, 2016

It appears to be a very effective way of getting around: the video shows robots navigating a forest floor, rocky beach, snowy field and even the bane of ED209 and Daleks   stairs. In fact, one robot is shown cleaning the steps with Roomba-like whiskers on its feet as it climbs. Let s see Atlas do that!

There s also a clip of the robot repeatedly slipping on a metal bar placed under it by its human captors   but it keeps its feet under it with commendable alacrity. We ll probably see this footage again when Skynet reminds us why we can t be allowed to live.

None of the robots have arms, or any type of prehensile gripper. A barbell is attached to the top of one sturdy-looking prototype, so we know it lifts, but other than that, no cargo or manipulative capacity was shown. Either the robots aren t designed for that, or this was simply more of a demonstration of the motive platform.

If this all sounds a little vague, that s because there isn t much specific information to go on. Schaft was acquired by Google in December 2013 and has been very quiet since, despite excelling in DARPA s Robotics Challenge. They don t even have a website any more, and their operations and projects are closely guarded secrets within Alphabet s X division.

All we have to go on are tweets from Tokyo-based robotics writer Tim Hornyak and Rakuten, and a statement issued by X to IEEE Spectrum. The statement? This  wasn t a product announcement or indication of a specific product roadmap. The team was simply delighted to have a chance to show their latest progress. 

We re reaching out to this stealthy robotics maker for more information, but if they re as forthcoming as they ve been for the last three years, don t expect much. But we do expect to see more of this innovative robotics platform in the near future   it s too cool to keep under wraps.

Featured Image: mehdi_san / YouTube 
2016-02-26
How Alphabet Inc. Could Win the Virtual Reality War The buzz surrounding the budding virtual reality craze really picked up steam early this year following the news that the long-awaited Oculus Rift headset was ready for pre-orders. By most accounts, the Facebook-owned (NASDAQ:FB) Oculus has drawn scads of pre-orders, stirring the pot even further.

Facebook wasn't the first VR big-hitter to bring its solution to market. Oculus worked with mobile phone king Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), helping design its Gear VR device, which works with the latest Galaxy smartphones.

Not to be outdone, Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google tossed its own hat in the VR ring. The low-end Cardboard headset is viewed by many as an also-ran compared to the Rift's and Gear's of the world, even after recent upgrades. But the writing was on the wall that Google wasn't going to let Facebook and Samsung have all the fun. And if the rumor mill proves correct, it's latest foray into VR could be a game changer.

Laying the foundation

Shortly after Facebook announced the Rift was ready for the masses, Alphabet shared its own news: It was spinning off its virtual reality team into a separate entity. The new division is led by Clay Bavor, who also oversaw Google's Cardboard VR development and introduction.

Just a couple of weeks after forming its new unit, Google took another step to further its VR ambitions with the hiring of Scott Broock, a noted expert in the field. Broock's role is to find new, better, and more profitable ways to bring VR to Alphabet's wildly popular YouTube property. Like Facebook, Alphabet recognizes that virtual reality offers almost unlimited advertising possibilities.

Should have seen it coming

The upgrade of Cardboard, forming a new division, and the recent executive postings are clear indications Google has some grand plans -- and those give the recent rumors regarding what would be a VR-industry first more credibility.

Word has it Google is working on a stand-alone VR headset. The Oculus Rift has to be connected to a high-powered computer, while Samsung's Gear needs a Galaxy smartphone to work. However, the VR device Google's rumored to be crafting will operate all on its own. Per the usual "unnamed sources," the new "device-free" VR headset is will fall somewhere in-between a high-end Rift and other makers' entry-level models. No word on price, nor even the name of the unit as yet.

The same unnamed sources said Google's device will come with a screen, plus "high-powered processors and outward-facing cameras." The portability of this rumored VR solution makes it that much more intriguing. Thanks to the proliferation of powerful smartphones and tablets, the world as we know it has never been more mobile, and consumer seeking a device that fits that mold would give Google's VR device an immediate leg up in the virtual world. Sure, the Gear is mobile -- assuming a user has the right equipment -- but Google's offering would offer a more immersive, all-in-one experience for folks on the go.

Does it matter?

Investors and industry pundits alike were duly impressed with Alphabet's fourth-quarter and 2015 earnings results, and for good reasons. Advertising revenue climbed 17% to over $19 billion in Q4, and free cash flow (FCF) jumped over 50%, to $4.3 billion. Somewhat lost amid all of Alphabet's other good tidings was the 24% increase in "other revenues" in Q4 to $2.1 billion. Other revenues primarily consists of Google Play, Nest smarthome device sales, and most other non-advertising revenue.

It's rarely a bad thing for a company to diversify its revenue sources, and a cutting-edge entry into what nearly everyone expects to become a significant market could eventually move the needle even for a tech behemoth like Alphabet. One estimate suggests that VR will become a $30 billion opportunity in just four years, led by video games and 3D films. That's great news for Google, particularly if the rumored stand-alone VR headset become a reality. But it gets even better.

For Alphabet and Facebook, the impact VR ad spots could have in driving ancillary advertising revenue could be as significant as device sales alone are expected to become. If Google Cardboard was underwhelming for some -- and it was -- the rumored stand-alone VR could be the polar opposite: a legitimate game changer. Apple Inc, Alphabet Inc, Facebook Inc And Microsoft Corporation Unite For ... Published By: Ken Bock on February 26, 2016 09:18 am EST

Apple Inc (AAPL) has been joined by Alphabet Inc (GOOG), Facebook Inc (FB), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Twitter Inc in its resistance against the FBI s request and a court order that asks it to decrypt the iPhone of the San Bernardino shooter. The companies are supporting Apple s stand based on concerns regarding implications for data privacy rights of consumers. The major tech companies are expected to file amicus briefs to offer relevant information and viewpoints to the court regarding the case.

While Microsoft publicly announced its plans, it was Dow Jones  sources that said that Google, Facebook and Twitter would also take part in the briefing session. Other news media publications state that the mentioned tech companies will be filing a joint brief. Apple has rejected the US judge s ruling and the hearing will determine the future course of events for Apple and state of data privacy in the US.

Apple s encryption system allows for a set number of tries for the password after which all data on the phone is erased. The FBI has asked that Apple change the software to allow unlimited tries so that they can use a brute force attack to unlock the phone. However Apple is unwilling to create such a backdoor that has the potential to unlock any iPhone and will open users up to hackers as well as government surveillance. Set aside the moral considerations and the privacy rights of its customers and it would still be counter intuitive for Apple to make its iOS unsecure from a business point of view. Why would customers spend close to a thousand dollars for a phone when it is known that the company has provided a backdoor into its ecosystem.

Apple by underlining the data security of its users has become the beacon around which civil liberty activists and data centric tech companies such as Google are rallying. On the other side of the bench will be people such as James Comey, FBI Director and a man who has openly argued for the need for back doors into software such as Apple s iOS. In the words of Google CEO, Sundar Pichai assenting to the government s demands for a back door could set a  troubling precedent. 

There s no way one case will win against privacy rights.

Even President Obama said he was on the side of civil liberty activists though he was sympathetic to law enforcement. This just isn t how the FBI should be handling this 
2016-11-09
How Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) 15.2% ROE Fares Against The Industry? Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) generated a 15.2% ROE in the last year, compared to its industry s 22.28% ROE. But the profitability ratio, often called  the mother of all ratios , reflects a company s performance both on its income statement and balance sheet. Assessing the factors affecting ROE goes a long way in putting it in the right perspective. Check out our latest analysis for Alphabet

Peeling the layers of ROE   trisecting a company s profitability

ROE is one of the most popular ratios to calculate the profitability of a company. The ratio is arrived by putting net earnings in the numerator and shareholders  equity in the denominator.Generally, an ROE of 20% or more is considered highly attractive for any investment consideration. Although, it s more of an industry-specific ratio as the constituents share similar risk profile.

Return on Equity = Net Profit   Shareholders Equity

For a company to create value for its shareholders, it must generate an ROE higher than the cost of equity. Unlike debt-holders, there is no predefined return for equity investors. However, an expected return to account for market risk can be arrived at using the Capital Asset Pricing Model. For GOOGL, it stands at 10.86% versus its ROE of 15.2%.



Using Dupont Analysis, we find out that ROE is composed of three ratios: profit margin, asset turnover, and financial leverage. The method reflects the impact of change in key figures in both the income statement and the balance sheet. The analysis provides a bird s-eye view on the strengths and weaknesses of the company.

Dupont Formula ROE = annual net profit   shareholders  equity ROE = (annual net profit   sales) X (sales   assets) X (assets   shareholders  equity) ROE = profit margin X asset turnover X financial leverage

Among the ratios affecting ROE, the profit margin is the most important as it highlights the operational efficiency of a company. To a potential investor, the ideal scenario would be profit increasing at a higher rate than the revenue.The asset turnover for a capital intensive industry such as bricks-and-mortar retail would be substantially lower than the e-commerce retail industry. A comparison with the industry can be drawn through ROA, which represents earnings as a percentage of assets. Alphabet s ROA stood at 9.2% in the past year, compared to the industry s 8.9%.







The impact of leverage on ROE is reflected in a company s debt-equity profile. Rapidly rising debt compared to equity, while profit margin and asset turnover underperform, raises a red flag on the ROE. It s important as a company can inflate its ROE by consistently increasing debt despite weak operating performance. GOOGL s debt to equity ratio currently stands at 0.03. Investors should be cautious about any sharp change in this ratio, more so if it s due to increasing debt.

Why is ROE called the mother of all ratios

ROE is called the mother of all ratios for a reason. It helps gauge a company s efficiency both through the income statement and the balance sheet, along with telling you how just changing the capital structure of the company can impact perceived return. What are the analysts thinking about Alphabet s ROE in three years? See our latest FREE analysis to find out!

Not interested in GOOGL anymore? Use our free platform to discover other stocks with Return on Equity over 20%. Google to Flag Malicious Sites With New Insult Published By: Ken Bock on November 9, 2016 12:40 pm EST

Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has a new warning call for malicious websites. Ubergizmo reports reveal the company s decision to begin labeling unsafe sites with  Repeat Offenders  to avoid any further confusion among its users. Since cyber security continues to be a struggle for most tech giants these days, it appears that the Alphabet Inc. division hopes to eliminate these theats for its users as much as it can.

According to the tech giant,  When a site is established as a Repeat Offender, the webmaster will be notified via email to their registered Search Console email address. 

Through this, the company will effectively manage to tackle the former issues found in its Safe Browsing policy. Even though the company has taken apt steps in the past to counter the problem of recurring phishing sites, its results were never found to be a hundred percent. This mainly occurred due to the webmasters finding loopholes to remove the company s former warnings and continue previewing malicious content without any warning.

Now, we believe that the search engine giant is determined to eradicate such threats altogether. Whist users will still have the last say in whether they wish to continue accessing such sites, there is a chance that the news may cause developers to think twice before pushing their sites forward. With no solution for 30 days, developres can simply request for their flagged sites to be reviewed during this time-span. As the concept of cyber security becomes slightly clearer, there is a chance that Google s step may help initiate a similar pattern for other tech giants as well.

The company clarifies that the  repeat offenders  label will not be applicable to hacked websites. However, it seems that Google will also focus its attention on developing warning pages that somewhat shed light on the nature of the crime to its users and help them gain some awareness regarding how to avoid and detect such malicious content in the future as well. 
2016-07-30
Citigroup Inc (C) Appreciates Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock's Future Published By: Angela Campbell on July 30, 2016 09:10 am EST

Search engine giant, Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recent earnings are the hottest topic in the financial markets. An impressive earnings beat has created a positive sentiment among investors, as shares of the Mountain View based tech giant skyrocketed in yesterday s trading session. We have already discussed a possibility that Alphabet might soon become the world s most valuable brand. Our bullish stance is complemented with Citigroup, as the brokerage has raised its price targets for the company to $910 in its recent coverage. Citigroup reckons that the stock has an upside potential of more than 18%.

In one of the articles published on June 30, The Country Caller discussed about the reasons for a bright future of the company. We discussed Morgan Stanley analyst, Brian Nowak s views, who said that the Brexit wave would not really harm Alphabet, given its strong revenue base. Brian also discussed about the monetization of Google Maps, which would add $1.5 billion to the topline of the company. All these points were the reasons for us to not give up on the stock.

The recent quarter has shown many improvements in key areas, such as advertising revenues. As we have discussed, the three key metrics for growth, i.e. traffic acquisition costs, pay per click, and cost per click also were impressive. The Street has aggressive price targets and expects the momentum to continue.

Renowned brokerages, such as JP Morgan and Goldman Sachs, reckon higher upsides as they see significant growth in the future. They further consider mobile revenues and YouTube to be the catalysts for better results in the future. The consensus TP of the street has jumped to $917.10, which is very much insight. It will be interesting to see how investors respond in the coming weeks. Amazon, Alphabet, and Facebook: Buy Them Now  
2016-11-01
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock's New Backbone: Artificial Intelligence Last week, Martin Abadi, a computer scientist and member of the Google Brain Team at Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ), along with David Andersen, an associate professor of computer science at Carnegie Mellon University, published a research paper that describes how artificial intelligence entities  can learn how to perform forms of encryption and decryption, and also how to apply these operations selectively in order to meet confidentiality goals. 

Source: Brionv via Wikimedia (Modified)

In simpler terms, GOOGL created three separate AI entities and instructed two of them to pass secret messages back and forth while the third attempted to intercept and decode them.

When the encryption was broken, subsequent messages were secured with even more advanced methods.

The truly amazing part of the experiment was that  the networks were not taught anything about encryption before the game began, meaning that the strategies they came up with were entirely original.  That also means Alphabet researchers may never know exactly what kind of encryption methods were being used, and they probably won t be able to crack it, either.

Alphabet and the Competition in the AI Space

The GOOGL Brain Team isn t the only AI research team competing to develop the next revolutionary advancement in machine learning and automation.

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ), for example, recently created a brand new division to focus solely on AI, dedicating more than 5,000 employees to expand MSFT s capabilities and commence in-depth research. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM ) has long been heralded as a pioneer in the AI space since the now-iconic Watson easily defeated two record-holding  Jeopardy!  contestants in 2011.

Additionally, a host of other massive tech-centric companies have demonstrated interest in furthering artificial intelligence capabilities, including Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ), Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ: NVDA ) and Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA ).

Not all of these companies have the same goals in mind as Alphabet, but the fact that each of these industry giants has allocated significant financial and human resources to research and development of AI is a crystal clear indication that artificial intelligence will play a huge role in the future of all businesses.

Presently, the only company with an AI focus that s on a similar plane to the advancements described by The Google Brain Team s latest research publication   and that could possibly be in a position to challenge GOOGL for dominance   is IBM. Both Alphabet and IBM have, at this stage, adopted a more broad approach to AI development, focusing on improvements in communication, transmission and related logistics.

Competitors, however, each seem to have a rather specific niche to which an AI system or methodology would improve existing processes. TSLA, for example, is focusing the bulk of its AI research on improving its already impressive autopilot technology; FB has been looking to develop better facial recognition capabilities and improve its AI assistant; AMZN continues to work on expanding the functionality of its own popular AI virtual assistant, Alexa.

What Does This Mean for GOOGL Stock?

Other than a demonstration that s more proof of concept than actual functionality, the AI encryption experiment by itself won t do much to move the needle for GOOGL stock. However, the success of the AI secret messaging game has far-reaching implications, for both Alphabet and the world, and if Google continues to make new inroads into the AI space, GOOGL stock will definitely realize a benefit.

Next Page Google Pixel Review: Is Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) the New Smartphone King? Several weeks ago, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) unveiled its first Google-branded smartphone, the Pixel.

Source: Google

Available in regular and plus sizes, the new Google Pixel is a significant development that goes much further than the previous Nexus brand smartphones. Those promised the best Android experience, but they were co-designed by hardware manufacturers such as HTC, who shared the billing.

This time, Google is aiming for not only the best Android smartphone, but the title of best smartphone available. Period.

Unlike with those Nexus phones, it s charging a premium price for its all-new flagship.

Does the Google Pixel have what it takes to go toe-to-toe with the likes of Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL ) iPhone 7? Is this smartphone s steep price tag justified? Read our Google Pixel review to find out.

Google Pixel Review: Google Takes the Apple Route

Way back, Google and Apple took very different approaches in their respective smartphone strategies.

Apple went with the completely closed approach, developing both the iOS operating system and the iPhone hardware. There was no third-party involvement whatsoever.

Google, however, licensed Android to any third-party smartphone manufacturers that wanted in. It stayed out of the hardware game, until dipping a toe in with the Nexus phones.

While Google s approach led to smartphone market domination   over 85% of all smartphones run Android   the platform suffers from fragmentation. With users at the mercy of OEMs and often stuck on older versions of Android, Google can only get its latest and greatest features out to a small percentage of users.

With the Pixel, it s taking the Apple approach.

Unlike Nexus phones, Google didn t just have say in some of the hardware features, it designed the smartphones. HTC manufactured them, but its name doesn t appear anywhere on the case. And, like the iPhone, the Google Pixel was designed hand-in-hand with the latest version of Android to ensure the ideal experience.

Google Assistant   one of its key features   isn t even available on third-party smartphones, assuming they were updated to the latest Android version.

Buy a Google Pixel and you get a flagship smartphone, optimized to take full advantage of Android, with exclusive features and quick access to future Android upgrades (and security updates), just like Apple s iPhone and iOS.

Google Pixel Review: Solid Hardware With a Killer Camera

The similarity to Apple s smartphone approach continues.

Like the iPhone, the Pixel is a thin, rounded slab of machined aluminum and glass. There are differences, though, especially on the back of the Pixel, which has a section with a mirror polish and fingerprint scanner. But from the front? From a distance they bear a striking resemblance.

The hardware inside the Pixel is more than capable of providing snappy performance, with the latest Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM ) Snapdragon CPU providing the power.

Apple realized early on that the camera is very important for many smartphone buyers. The dual-camera system is the feature for the new iPhone 7 Plus. Google clearly saw the same data and the Pixel phone s camera is excellent. In fact, Google claims independent testing rates it as the best smartphone camera ever.

And, the company tops that off with free unlimited photo and video storage for Google Pixel owners.

What Google ended up releasing is a premium flagship smartphone with a class-leading camera, high performance and the best Android experience.

Not bad for a first attempt.

Next Page Eric Schmidt's Clinton Contributions as 'Head Outside Advisor'  
2016-05-16
3 Reasons Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Wants to Build  Smart Cities  Dan Doctoroff, CEO of Sidewalk Labs, an Alphabet Inc ( GOOG , GOOGL ) portfolio company, recently gave a revealing Q&A session over at Quora.

He addressed questions surrounding the mission of Sidewalk Labs, which, like many projects at GOOG, can seem a little far-fetched.

Its aim is to help build  smart cities    urban areas that use technology to solve problems like traffic congestion, housing affordability, public health issues and fossil fuel dependencies.

And, while the famous mantra of the GOOG IPO was  Don t be evil,  you can rest assured Alphabet has some economic incentives of its own behind pushing Sidewalk Labs  initiatives.

GOOG s Motives Behind  Smart Cities 

While I do believe there s a hint of altruism to Sidewalk Labs, let s remember, shall we, that Alphabet is a public company and as such, it has a responsibility to GOOG stock holders. These are three ways Sidewalk s  smart cities  should benefit the parent company long-term.

Make room for self-driving cars!

When asked by one Quora user,  What technology should we expect cities to realistically adopt within the next 5-10 years,  Doctoroff listed a few things, but spent the most time on driverless cars:

 And autonomous vehicles will be a reality. They used to be science fiction, but I expect before too long we ll see AVs in service as taxis in some urban areas. And if we manage them right, they will be great for cities, making streets safer, reducing congestion, and freeing up so much of the valuable real estate we use on parking today. 

I would not at all be surprised to see GOOG compete head-to-head against Uber once its self-driving cars get on the road, which Google is very anxious to see happen. Tesla Motors Inc ( TSLA ) CEO Elon Musk all but admitted this last year on a conference call when he coyly admitted operating a ride-hailing service would make sense once it could produce autonomous vehicles at scale.

Let s get back to the issue of parking that Doctoroff brought up, though, because that leads into GOOG s next financial motivation behind smart cities.

Affordable housing reduces GOOG s costs.

The inflation in housing prices is an objectively bad thing for Silicon Valley. San Francisco and its suburbs have become insanely pricey places to live, which makes moving there less attractive for potential employees.

It also means GOOG has to pay its employees more just for them to earn living wages, so if smart cities make better use of mobility solutions like autonomous vehicles and carpooling, congestion eases up, parking decks disappear in favor of apartments and real estate prices have less upward bias.

Smart cities should increase the use of Alphabet s products.

According to Doctoroff,

 We are still building buildings the same way we did in the 1920s. Building techniques could be a significant area where tech has the potential to radically reduce costs, whether it is in new designs, new materials, and new construction techniques. 

The Wall Street Journal put it more directly, saying:

 Alphabet is putting the final touches on a proposal to get into the business of developing giant new districts of housing, offices and retail within existing cities. 

Unsurprisingly, these will be high-tech constructions that will likely heavily feature GOOG products. You can already see this happening with LinkNYC, an Alphabet initiative aimed at converting New York City phone booths to high-tech  communication hubs  for the public.

Doctoroff says the centers will feature a tablet that can access not only free internet (wonder what the default search engine will be?), but also  civic and consumer applications  at no cost. Let s not pretend to be shocked when 90% of those apps are related to Alphabet in one way or another.

At the end of the day, I think smart cities are   smart.

We have to improve housing affordability, and who isn t for reducing traffic congestion? We ve dug ourselves into a hole from a city planning perspective, and given perennial budget deficits and the dysfunctional, do-nothing nature of modern American politics, we have little choice but to turn to smart cities sponsored by corporate America.

As of this writing, John Divine did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Antitrust Fine Hits A Record $3 billion The European Union is set to impose a hefty fine of roughly $3 billion Google parent Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) in the next few weeks.

The massive $3 billion fine to be charged to Google is the result of the longstanding antitrust investigations that the regulatory body has been carrying out. The case was launched in 2010 over allegations that the internet giant has been taking advantage of its dominant position to promote its shopping services through search results. The EU has accused the company of giving priority to its products and services in search results.

Sources familiar with the matter told Reuters that Google does not intend to settle on the case after three failed attempts to compromise over the past six years. The company claims that it will not settle on the claims unless the EU changes its position on the allegations. Sources also told The Telegraph that the EU officials might announce the fine as early as May, but it is yet to finalize the bill. It also wrote that the internet giant will be forced to stop manipulating search results in its favor so that there can be a level playing field for competitors.

The European Commission can institute a fine of up to 10% of the company s sales on an annual basis. In Google s case, the maximum fine that can be imposed is roughly  6 billion which would break the fine record set by Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC). In 2009, the latter was fined  1.1 billion over antitrust issues for carrying out anti-competitive measures against rival firm Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD).

Neither Google nor the EU has issued out any comments on the matter. Google has recently been finding itself on bad terms with regulators in the UK. A month ago the firm faced more antitrust issues regarding the Android OS. The watchdog claims that the firm has been taking advantage of its dominant position by restricting network operators and manufacturers of Android devices.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 3 Scenarios For Google's Terra Bella Introduction

Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) acquired Skybox in 2014 and on 8th March 2016 renamed it to Terra Bella. The name was changed to highlight the extraction and analysis of information from raw data. The history of Terra Bella's success started in 2009, when a group of four Stanford students wrote a business plan. Between 2009 and 2014, they prepared their satellites, built data infrastructure, and designed their own toolbox for image processing and algorithms. Eventually, in 2013, they launched their 1st satellite SkySat-1. The company is going to send more than 10 satellites in 2016-2017 to the orbits. They also intend to increase broadly their data analyzing activity.

Taking into account their ambitious plans, it is interesting to find out, what place in existing Earth observation market Terra Bella can occupy. This question can be answered by narrowing all the market down to the biggest and strongest competitor: DigitalGlobe (NYSE:DGI). Let us see how it is possible to compare them.

Resolution

Terra Bella offers a resolution of 0.9 meters, while DigitalGlobe offers 0.4 meters. Higher resolution images create additional value for governmental and commercial data application. The reason is that they provide opportunities to track individual customers and to see small details in agricultural sites. Higher resolution images can also help in mineral deposits prediction and disaster tracking.

(source: DigitalGlobe Investor Presentation)

Video

The relatively strong side of Terra Bella is its ability to record HD videos of 30 images per second lasting 1.5 minutes. From my point of view, Terra Bella's videos look very good. Anyway, I feel it is important to mention such examples as:

- disaster monitoring, so it is possible to watch the speed of fire spreading and to track avalanches and earthquakes

- reading patterns of car traffic and learning from them by using Google's artificial intelligence

Video usage is not that much needed in ship tracking and it is sufficient to monitor an individual ship for several hours. The reason is that ships cannot hide or deviate far from its previous and predicted location. I did not find evidence that DigitalGlobe offers videos, so the readers are welcome to send links in comments.

(source: terrabella.google.com)

Artificial Intelligence

Google's computational and data analytical capabilities offer opportunities in both quality improvement and cost reduction. Google can allocate as many resources for Terra Bella's data analysis as it wishes; the question is which resources Google is willing to share. However, it is possible that Google eventually finds that automated data analysis is too costly and decides to develop only those capabilities that DigitalGlobe currently has. I evaluate such opportunity to be far less than 50%. Overall, I would be glad to see how Terra Bella takes advantage of artificial intelligence.

Possible scenarios for Terra Bella

1) Pessimistic

Terra Bella fails to launch its forecasted number of satellites. Google will only explore Terra Bella's satellites for its internal mapping needs. The resolution of Terra Bella's images is not sufficient to compete with DigitalGlobe, so the latter can defend its niche the in governmental market and grow its presence in the commercial market. Or, they do everything correctly, but government officials are tied with DigitalGlobe. Although the outcome of all these events happening at the same time is very unlikely, some individual misgivings might happen. Estimated probability: 25%

2) Realistic

Terra Bella successfully deploys planned constellation. It competes on price and reasonably good artificial intelligence, but fails to match with DigitalGlobe on high resolution images. DigitalGlobe responds by taking pictures more frequently, so it lowers the advantage of Terra Bella's videos, but Terra Bella's videos still remain better. Terra Bella gets a big portion of the governmental market, where simple analysis is sufficient. The examples are comparing changes in territories on a before-after basis and a big portion of commercial ship tracking. DigitalGlobe responds with securing its high profile niche of analysis and forecasting for the variety of complex governmental tasks. As I pointed in my previous article about DigitalGlobe, for many government segments there are reasons to pay a very big premium on high class analysis. In the commercial market, Terra Bella takes a bigger share than DigitalGlobe due to commercial customers' price sensitivity and ability to create internal solutions from raw images. Estimated probability: 65%

3) Optimistic

Terra Bella has all upsides of the realistic scenario described above. In addition, its artificial intelligence works really well. Google's resources transform Terra Bella into a money generating machine, so they use cash proceeds to move to higher segments and create the whole ecosystem. The resulting Terra Bella's product for the end customer has better price than DigitalGlobe, however, Terra Bella's resolution of images still remains inferior. In the next step, Terra Bella launches a new generation of satellites to cover the omissions of previous launches (if applicable). These new satellites also have sufficiently high resolution and a whole bunch of infrared sensors. DigitalGlobe responds with even higher camera quality and maintains a small high profile niche of customers not willing to switch to Terra Bella. Terra Bella does not need to worry about DigitalGlobe anymore. Estimated probability: 10%

Investment Implications for Google

Let us calculate the effect of Terra Bella on Google. I am optimistic about Earth observation market, so I assume 30% growth until 2020, with a 39%/61% proportion of commercial and governmental markets. Then assuming market share for each sector and scenario, it is possible to project sales. Based on DigitalGlobe's Sales=$0.7b, MC=$1.3b and EV=$2.4b, I then obtain Terra Bella's implied EV, adjusted for borrowing capacity. Further, I compare this with Google's EV, which for this analysis is implied to be constant. All numbers are in 2016 $ billions.

Scenario Probability Commercial Market Share Governmental Market Share Sales, b$ Assumed EV, b$ TB's EV as a fraction of GOOGL's EV Pessimistic 25% 10% 5% 1.4 5.3 1% Realistic 65% 35% 15% 4.5 34.6 8% Optimistic 10% 50% 25% 6.9 79.0 18% Total market, b$ 7.7 12.1 Probability weighted EV 31.7 7%

Conclusion

I think that Terra Bella will take its fair niche on the low costs parts of markets with 65% probability and 8% positive impact on GOOGL's share price. However, for Terra Bella the journey is long and competitors are already there. Planning to do something and having it done are two different things, so I assume a high 25% probability for pessimistic scenario and only 1% price increase of GOOGL. The optimistic scenario is still possible, but it requires several consecutive steps for Terra Bella, thus a low 10% probability of high 18% share price upside is estimated. Overall, weighted average GOOGL's share price increase due to Terra Bella is expected to be 7% by 2020.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, but may initiate a long position in DGI over the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: The material presented in this article is provided for informational purposes only and is based upon information that is considered to be reliable. Alphabet Unveils Program for Carpooling Via App Waze, Fraying Ties With Uber Google parent Alphabet Inc. is pushing into the rapidly expanding ride-sharing business with a new app that lets commuters carpool together, further fraying its ties with Uber Technologies Inc.

Alphabet on Monday unveiled a pilot program that will enable several thousand San Francisco-area workers to hitch rides to or from work with users of Alphabet s popular Waze navigation app. Riders will pay drivers 54 cents a mile, and Alphabet... Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) And Facebook Inc (FB) Ad Revenue Buoyed By Accelerating ... Published By: Angela Campbell on May 16, 2016 10:39 am EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), as the foremost digital advertising platforms will experience growing ad revenue as ad spending on the internet accelerates by a significant margin. The data collected by MKM partners also shows that Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) could also attract ad dollars if it could bring wider appeal to its stagnant platform.

The research shows that for the March quarter, ad spending met with MKM s own projections. The firm has identified numerous drivers impacting spending in tech and media which constitute 70% of all ad spend. Based on their data, which they claim tracks 76% of internet advertising, the sell side covered the most prominent advertising platforms on the internet, Alphabet, Facebook and Twitter.

Alphabet was rated a buy with its core Google search dominating the search market where it has a near complete hegemony with mobile search being the primary driver for accelerating ad spend. The company has a $75 billion run rate for its ad business. Due to its market dominant position, Google currently faces no threat of disruption and has numerous opportunities to grow its attractive ad business. Meanwhile, Facebook has also received a Buy rating thanks to its continued growth and its ramp on Instagram. Facebook s drive to turn its Messenger into a services platform is a powerful monetization opportunity if executed well. Twitter received a Neutral rating. The company continues the struggle to increase engagement on its platform with its stagnant user base and number of signed out users. If Twitter can return to a user growth model through its initiatives, it could be a powerful ad platform but currently the company faces decelerating growth in revenue and risk of network collapse.

Google and Facebook continue to remain the dominant new media platforms and make 85% of the market cap of the top new media companies identified by MKM. These companies have concentrated ad spending on themselves through their superior innovative platforms and will continue to exceed expectations. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) plans to block Flash in Chrome from this year Published By: Ken Bock on May 16, 2016 09:40 am EST

The call for an end to Adobe Systems Incorporated (NASDAQ:ADBE) s Flash content in the user experience of any website has been voiced by the users repeatedly. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has finally decided to give what its users want and has planned to phase out Flash in Chrome this year.

With an exemption of a few websites, Chrome will block Flash by default and disable any advertisement that requires flash to work. This is being done to not only make the user experience better but also to help save power on multiple devices; Flash is known to be a resource hungry program.

The big idea is that in the latest version of Chrome, almost every website out there would block out any Flash content by default but the users would be given an option to enable Flash in any particular website of their choosing. If the user does enable Flash on a particular website, then Chrome would automatically run Flash for that website in all future visits.

For the moment in time, only the top ten domains requiring Flash would have that option automatically enabled by Chrome. This is a strategy to slowly and effectively implement this change and to make it easier for the users, without disrupting their user experience significantly. Theses websites include YouTube, Facebook, Amazon, etc. However, these websites will only be given this exemption for about a year, after which flash will be blocked by default, just like every other website.

Google has decided to implement such a major change as its a known fact that Flash worsens the user experience for Chrome due to the increased average loading time, which decreases battery life of most devices. Furthermore, blocking out Flash content by default will offer users with an added protection against potentially malicious and damaging content. This makes it all clear for website developers and advertisers to go with an aim of implementing HTML 5 for the future.

Due to a smoother and smarter user experience, HTML 5 is what Chrome wants to build its future success upon. The selling point will be the option to enable Flash advertisements by the click of a button, thereby effectively improving efficiency and convenience for the users. All web developers know that Flash is the past and HTML 5 is the way to a better and faster future.

Interestingly, even Adobe shares Google s vision believing Flash to be not the way forward due to its poor performance and unnecessary power consumption. So, it seems that Adobe will encourage Google and all other major developers to implement a better solution and will not offer any pushback to Chrome s proposed plans. For the meantime, Adobe should do the logical thing by continuing to support Flash through quick fixes and regular updates. This will help Chrome to slowly implement its strategy without causing much of a fuss for the user experience. Apple Inc. (AAPL), QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Are Failing at ... Published By: Ken Bock on May 16, 2016 02:38 pm EST

According to Barron s, tech companies Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) are failing at the so-called  Internet of Things  (IoT). The publication says these companies have instead expanded their own ecosystems.

The Internet of Things essentially refers to a network which connects physical items such as buildings, devices, etc. with software, electronics, and so on. This enables them to be controlled remotely.

Barron s says that the Apple Watch, the Google Nest home thermostat, and Fitbit trackers, all do not provide interconnectedness   a basic feature of any  network.  Instead, these devices are being sold as extensions of their respective companies  other devices, more like accessories. This way, the companies are getting recurring revenues from their existing customers.

Barron s said that these companies  IoT platforms   Apple s HomeKit, Google s Brillo, and Qualcomm s AllJoyn   have established a standard for development, but that development does not seem to be taking place. In order for that to happen, an ambitious wave of computing would be required which would promote interconnectivity. 
2016-06-20
Twitter Inc. Now More Attractive for Alphabet Inc. Acquisition 

Twitter Inc. Now More Attractive for Alphabet Inc. Acquisition





Fundamentals

P

B

 

Our acquisition of Magic Pony builds on other investments we've made in machine learning, beginning with the acquisitions of Madbits in July 2014 and Whetlab in June 2015.



Magic Pony's team will be joining Twitter Cortex, a team of engineers, data scientists, and machine learning researchers dedicated to building a product in which people can easily find new experiences to share and participate in.  

Source: Twitter Blog Our acquisition of Magic Pony builds on other investments we've made in machine learning, beginning with the acquisitions of Madbits in July 2014 and Whetlab in June 2015.Magic Pony's team will be joining Twitter Cortex, a team of engineers, data scientists, and machine learning researchers dedicated to building a product in which people can easily find new experiences to share and participate in.

 

On the most recent earnings conference call, Google's CEO Sundar Pichai reminded us of this:



"We've been investing in machine learning and AI for years, but I think we are at an exceptionally interesting tipping point where these technologies are really taking off."



Other than a few more sentences, Google's CEO didn't touch on the progress. But now it's the secret in plain sight.



While Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg openly and loudly proclaimed that he was dedicating 2016 to artificial intelligence in his house, Google has been more subtle. That subtlety is now exploding.  

Source: CMLviz.com News On the most recent earnings conference call, Google's CEO Sundar Pichai reminded us of this:"We've been investing in machine learning and AI for years, but I think we are at an exceptionally interesting tipping point where these technologies are really taking off."Other than a few more sentences, Google's CEO didn't touch on the progress. But now it's the secret in plain sight.While Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg openly and loudly proclaimed that he was dedicating 2016 to artificial intelligence in his house, Google has been more subtle. That subtlety is now exploding.

W

Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) today announced on its blog, penned by CEO and co-founder Jack Dorsey, that it has acquired Magic Pony Technology. That move may have made the company yet more attractive as a takeover candidate for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Mr. Dorsey describes the company as "a London-based technology company that has developed novel machine learning techniques for visual processing."While the move is shrewd in that strengthens Twitter's competitive stance against all things Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB), it has another piece to it, which is just too much fun not to examine.First, here's what Jack Dorsey wrote:Of course, the company that is really pouring resources into artificial intelligence and machine learning is Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG). We recently penned an article, "You Won't Believe What Google is Doing With Artificial Intelligence" that described the mad dash Alphabet Inc. is making toward AI. Here are a few snippets:The article referenced above pours over Alphabet's numerous new offerings and the way it will artificial intelligence to revolutionize its product line, and most importantly, its ecosystem of Search. Now, with Twitter's move toward more machine learning, we just have to talk about the possibility of an acquisition.After Microsoft acquired LinkedIn for $26 billion, a 50% premium to the closing price, rumors (again) swirled that Twitter Inc. would be a takeover candidate next. While the discussion of which firmacquire Twitter surfaced, there's one company that is the obvious best fit.Alphabet Inc. has a partnership with Twitter that drives billions of impressions a day on tweets through Google Search. Tweets have been given special placement on Google Search and the latest data we have reads that over 90% of Google searches turn up tweets as a part of the search algorithm.The massive influx of impressions on Twitter's micro blogs have driven the news that, while Twitter reports 310 million logged in monthly average users (MAUs), it has a500 million visitors every month that don't have accounts.In fact, we just published the note " Twitter Stuns Wall Street " which detailed how Twitter has now turned advertising on for those additional 500 million people which could lead to a 60% boost in advertising revenue per the latest news from the company's COO Adam Bain.Alphabet of course is famously known for its failed Google Plus social media, although it is trying again with a different flavor. And, Google Photos turned out to be a tremendous success. A social addition to that service could be a serious threat to Facebook's Instagram.The purpose behind an Alphabet acquisition of Twitter runs deep and complex and we outlined it in our seminal dossier "Google Will Buy Twitter," written ten months ago. For now, the Twitter move into AI and machine learning is smart for the company, and adds a little more flavor to a possible Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) combination. Buy On Weakness? Alphabet Looks Like A Winner  Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): A Gap Out and Breakdown For The Stock Corey Rosenbloom: Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares broke to new swing lows today after a gap-down and strong sell-swing.

Price broke through a rising trendline and triangle pattern, triggering additional selling pressure.

Here s the intraday breakdown and structure   we ll also put this in context on the Daily Chart:

Price fell shy of the $800 per share high in April and plunged $100 lower to bounce twice through May.

As we ll see on the Daily Chart, a  Bear Flag  or rising parallel trendline developed along with a Symmetrical Triangle (yellow highlight).

Price broke under both of these patterns and sprung free of the consolidation, triggering a wave of selling.

Here s the Daily Chart and larger structure for Google (GOOGL) share prices:

The $800 per share level served as major resistance and buyers haven t been able to boost price above it.

A sharp collapse in February plunged price under $700, and sellers took control also in April with a similar $100 point drop.

Our little  flag  or rising parallel trendline (blue) developed and sellers overpowered buyers this week to force a breakdown.

Stop-losses are being triggered as price collapses back toward $700.

If you re trading Google here, focus on the simple $700 level and how rallies have developed there.

If instead we see shares under $700 and $690 into next week, we could be on the cusp of additional downside pressure.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Corey Rosenbloom from Afraid to Trade. Google's Tensor Processing Unit: The AI Market Is Shifting Contributors on Seeking Alpha and elsewhere have hailed this innovation without really getting into the rationale behind it.

Last month, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) announced, among other things, the Tensor Processing Unit (TPU). While a number of Seeking Alpha commenters have hailed this innovation (here and here), none of them have really touched on the technicals reasons behind this, other than general comments on 'better machine learning'. This article is a brief summary of my thoughts on Google's move into custom machine learning hardware.

What is the TPU?

Let's begin by clarifying what exactly the TPU is. It's an application specific integrated circuit (ASIC). A normal CPU is a general purpose computer, it can run any conceivable program. An ASIC is purpose-built hardware where logic is encapsulated in the actual physical chip-layout, i.e. through the specific arrangement of logical gates that perform the desired function. This makes ASICS generally much (often by a magnitude) faster/more energy efficient than executing the same logic through software on a general purpose processor.

Designing and fabricating an ASIC makes sense if a) performance is so critical that cost is not an issue (like sending a roboter to Mars) or b) the ASIC will be mass-produced to make it worth the upfront design cost in the tens of millions. There is nothing really special about ASICs, building one is a strategic decision and not some hardware revolution. The TPU is simply an ASIC for low-precision matrix operations, and here we are getting to the crux of why Google is relying on custom hardware.

On a sidenote, today's graphical processing units ((GPUs)) are often called general purpose GPUs, but that refers to the fact that they can be used for things other than graphical processing (rendering/rasterization), namely numerical operations. Deep learning is primarily done through matrix operations - updating the weights of the neural network through gradient descent, multiplying inputs with weights. GPUs are hence the primary tools for heavy-duty machine learning.

Towards more efficient deep learning

I have commented many times on Google's comprehensive machine learning research and data processing infrastructure. To understand what's going on right now, we will take a short excursion into deep neural network research. A good, (almost) non-technical intro to the topic is given here.

A neural network consists of layers of neurons, weights and activation functions. The output of each neuron is computed by multiplying the input from the previous layer with the weights of the neuron and a bias term. These are generally floating point numbers (except in this toy example above) and the performance of GPUs is given in Teraflops, i.e. floating point operations per second. Large neural networks, e.g. for image classification, have millions to billions of parameters and take weeks to train on up to hundreds of GPUs.

Overall, deep learning is still a very fast moving field. Every few months, a new research paper changes the way training is done substantially (e.g. batch normalization last year). As with any newer technique, users were first and foremost concerned with how effective it is - not how costly. That's why for a while, a lot of research projects particularly from major tech companies have thrown larger and larger networks and more computational resources at the same problems (e.g. a long-standing image-classification problem) to get the highest classification accuracy. This is still being done for a number of problems, but industry players are now also very much concerned with the economical side of things.

First, how can the training itself can be done cheaper and faster? Second, a trained neural network model is essentially just a list of weights, represented as a multi-dimensional matrix (or a tensor) in Google's deep learning framework TensorFlow. What should be done with the weight data after training? What insights can be derived from the final weights?

Once you have trained a neural network on your GPU in floating point representation, every production request (e.g. classify a new image/email/..) is nothing more than passing these requests through the network with these fixed weights. This is great because it means nothing is really stopping you from transforming floating point weights into a representation that is more efficient to compute. As it turns out, you can do really well with integer or even binary weights. Integer (or fixed point) computations are much faster for a variety of reasons, for instance because integer additions can easily be optimized by compilers (loop unrolling, partial sums).

Another key issue with deep learning is that it is really hard to say in advance how many layers and neurons a neural network needs, so the network is likely to have more weights than it actually needs to learn a task. Designing a neural network (number of layers, neurons per layer) is hence more an art than a science. Another area of research is hence reduced representations of a given network. For instance, one can apply singular value decomposition to a trained network to determine which weights are actually relevant to a classification problem. As it turns out, this allows users to discard a large proportion of weights while getting almost the same classification accuracy. These questions are extremely relevant to all machine learning players right now because compressing large models to a size that allows them to be used on mobile devices is a key problem for machine learning application.

Google is at the forefront of deep neural network research thanks to its Google brain team and extensive collaborations with leading research universities. The TPU allows Google to leverage all the above insights into compressed, integer/binary representations that are much faster to compute.

Nvidia (NASDAQ:NVDA) is of course very much aware of these issues and has introduced half-precision floats (floating point 16), which essentially double throughput versus normal floats. However, this is still a far cry from using the specific integer or representation Google might want. Nvidia as a company has to think in major product cycles and also has to consider that the majority of its revenue is still from gaming (and in the not-so-far future VR/AR(. In short, general purpose GPUs cannot really deliver the specifications to support the latest machine learning research at the exact performance/precision/energy-consumption trade-off a company like Google might need.

Take-away

The machine learning market is shifting from an exploratory phase to the commercalization stage. Serving machine learning models to billions of users in production is what concerns Google. I would expect Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) to follow suit with custom neural network processing hardware shortly. IBM (NYSE:IBM) is also very much involved in AI hardware through its TrueNorth project. The TPU is a close-guarded secret at Google (no access even for research collaborations right now as far as I know), which is very untypical and illustrates the belief at Google that large scale machine learning will be its differentatior in the cloud.

Nvidia is not threatened by this move right now, but this could change in the medium term if Google, Microsoft and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) determine they would rather design complete machine learning chip sets on their own. Acquiring Nvidia outright might actually be more beneficial in the AI race, but this seems equally unlikely given Google's acquisition strategy.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Inc's iPad Pro vs Microsoft Corporation's Surface Pro and Alphabet Inc ... Published By: Angela Campbell on June 20, 2016 10:38 am EST

Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) have all released top notch tablets in the market recently. Although sales in the tablet market has slowed down, a lot of consumers are still buying tablets. Consumers have great options available to them due to the diligence and competency of these tech giants. However, which tablet should you be buying this summer? If you are looking for a tablet and cannot decide which one to purchase, then we are here to help make your decision easier. Here is the Country Caller s take on which tablet you should be spending your money on.

The first option we have is the Apple iPad Pro, which is easily the best tablet on offer based on its build quality and elegant design. The tablet features the widely supported and highly efficient iOS operating system. The tablet comes in a 12.9 inch display that offers a full retina support. The iPad Pro offers remarkable speed that can easily rival the 12 inch MacBook with the help of its high powered processor.

Also, the tablet gives users the option to attach it to an Apple Smart Keyboard and convert it into a laptop. The iPad Pro sports high performing speaker systems that make video playback and gameplay an immerse experience. The iPad Pro is currently priced at $799, offering 32 GB of storage and the Smart Keyboard is sold separately for $169.

Second option is the Microsoft Surface Pro 4, which was big step up from its predecessor model, Surface Pro 3. Microsoft was the first company to come up with the idea of a detachable laptop-tablet hybrid and made it a possibility with its Surface Pro lineup. If you re going for the Surface Pro, then you know that you will get a high performing tablet, as all Surface Pros run on the Windows 10.

The Surface Pro 4 offers a high qulaity 12.3 inch display which was a step up from its predecessor s 12 inch display. The Surface Pro 4 offers the newest version of Intel processor, so you rest assured, it will handle high demanding tasks with a breeze. Microsoft also upgraded the stylus for the Surface Pro 4 and has given users the option of converting the tablet into a laptop with the detachable keyboard. The Surface Pro 4 is retailed at $850 and its detachable keyboard is sold separately for $129.99.

Last but not the least, now comes Google Pixel C. The Pixel C is the best tablet running on Android in the market. The tablet offers fast performance due to the high performing NVidia Terga X1 processor. The Pixel C sports a stunning high resolution 10.2 inch display screen. The build quality of the tablet is good enough to rival the good looks of the iPad Pro, thanks to an anodized aluminum build quality. The Pixel C offers users the option of attaching a keyboard and making it a laptop. The Pixel C is the cheapest option as it is priced at $499 and the detachable keyboard starts from around $150.

All three are great options, but which one you should pick depends on your needs. The most powerful one amongst them is the Microsoft Surface Pro 4, which can also act as a PC replacement. The high price is worth it if you want the extra power and processing capabilities from a tablet. If you re on a budget and looking for a decent pay back on your investment, then we would suggest you go for the Google Pixel C. The iPad Pro is more or less the same as the iPad Air and you should only go for it if you can afford to pay for the larger retina display. 
2016-06-28
Alphabet Inc. and Facebook Inc. Dominate Mobile Advertising 

Alphabet Inc. and Facebook Inc. Dominate Mobile Advertising





Alphabet and Facebook See Huge Mobile Advertising Gains

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Revenue



Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) Revenue



"

The single biggest area driving this new surge in online advertising is mobile, and we can expect that to continue for the next handful of years.



Industry research firm eMarketer expects the market to more than double off its 2015 numbers in just three years. "

Source: Fool.com The single biggest area driving this new surge in online advertising is mobile, and we can expect that to continue for the next handful of years.Industry research firm eMarketer expects the market to more than double off its 2015 numbers in just three years.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) have seen their businesses grow to new heights. At multiple points this year, Alphabet Inc. topped Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) as the largest market cap in the world. Similarly, Facebook Inc. rose off of its last earnings results to at one point become the fifth largest company in the world.While the two may seem as though they have vastly different strategies, in fact, they do not. These companies live and breathe by digital advertising and that appears to be a very good position to be in.Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) drives about 80% of its revenue from digital advertising. Most of that comes from the Google Search ecosystem and streaming video on demand property YouTube. If Alphabet's revenue reads as undiversified, look at Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) sees more than 95%of its revenue coming from digital advertising.Here are the two all-time revenue charts for both companies.But as impressive as those trends are, it seems the tide has turned yet brighter for these two giants. Here is the breaking news.Interestingly, from 2007 and 2011 online ad revenue had all but stopped. The Great Recession aside, that slowed growth came as advertisers were discovering that the online landscape in general was seeing growth taper, but, it was mobile that was leading the way.Here's a chart of Facebook Inc. mobile monthly average user from our friends at Statista.That's just the mobile world living at over 1.5 billion users. Not to be outdone, here is Alphabet Inc. Google's worldwide net mobile advertising revenue numbers.For some context, Facebook's total revenue across all venues in the last year was $19.7 billion. Alphabet will earn 70% more than that on just mobile ads this year. But the news gets yet better.While Alphabet does not break out mobile revenue from the rest of the businesses, the company did said this on its latest earnings call: "Our very strong revenue of $20.3bn in Q1 [was] up 23% in constant currency versus last year. The primary driver was the use of Mobile Search by consumers, benefiting from our ongoing efforts to enhance the Mobile Search experience."With the growth in mobile advertising seen climbing yet higher, the days of stagnant growth from desktops are all but a distant memory. Both Alphabet Inc. and Facebook Inc. are faced with the likelihood of continued digital advertising growth from mobile and continued dominance of that market. Further, the video portion of that advertising element is growing even faster. Soon video advertising on mobile may be the single largest element of digital advertising in the world.Alphabet's YouTube generates more viewers aged 18-49 than any other broadcast or cable channel in the United States. Facebook sees over 10 billion video views a day across its various properties. Mobile ads have proven to be very effective for advertisers and the slow move to video has turned into a revolution.Alphabet and Facebook will battle for the thrown of top advertiser, especially in video. But smaller competitors will arise, like Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) and Snapchat, just to name a couple. But there is one company that will power the online video advertising revolution and it doesn't matter if Facebook, Alphabet or Twitter take the lead, because this small cap technology marvel will be the power behind it all.This is the opportunity so many investors say they welcome -- say they search for. The opportunity to find the "Next Apple," or the "next Google." It's happening right now in online video. How did the Brexit Impact Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) and Netflix, Inc. (NFLX)? Top ... RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney provided his insights on internet stocks Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) following the Brexit, explaining the implications for each. The analyst highlights long-term growth opportunities for both and believes the pullback caused by Brexit represents a compelling entry point for shares.

Mark Mahaney is ranked #9 out of 3,967 analysts on TipRanks. He has a 57% success rate recommending stocks with a 17.1% average return per recommendation.

The analyst notes that the Brexit caused the 13 large cap U.S internet stocks to fall a median of 4.08%. Mahaney notes this decline represents a compelling entry point, reassuring investors of the companies  growth potential. He states  the Brexit shock has likely created some compelling Buy opportunities among some of the highest quality Internet stocks, especially NFLX, PCLN, GOOGL, and EXPE.  While the analyst notes that the Brexit will have a negative effect on the U.K economy, as well as depreciation in the Sterling, the Euro, he  [views] the technical backdrop for equities as positive.  He explains,  We do believe that the current low-growth environment (more likely in the wake of Brexit), does create greater leadership opportunities for  Stable Growers . 

Due to the slight pullback following the Brexit, Mahaney believes that the markets underestimate the growth potential of internet stock leaders. The analyst notes that the market is not accurately accounting for impressive growth metrics of these stocks, including Google s 20% y/y ad revenue growth for 17 straight quarters. In fact, Mahaney states that this rate has actually accelerated in the past year. The analyst continues to praise the strengths of internet giants. He states,  At a high level, we believe that these companies are benefitting from extraordinarily large secular growth opportunities, large scale, dramatic data competencies, deep competitive moats & seasoned management teams.  Regarding Google and Netflix, the analyst sees significant upside potential in Google s new market opportunities and Netflix s international expansion efforts.

Alphabet Inc

The analyst comments on Alphabet following the Brexit. He notes that Friday s closing stock price, $685, represents a compelling entry point for shares. While Google may take a harder hit than Netflix due to the Brexit, as the U.K represents 9% of revenues, he believes the strong core fundamentals should result in long-term growth. The analyst believes that the market is focusing too much on the company s recent revenue growth deceleration, and not enough on the  positive growth impact  of YouTube and Google Play. Similarly, the analyst points to  developing monetization opportunities  for Google Maps, Desktop Search, and Expanded Text ads, as well as benefits of its shift to mobile internet. He explains further,  We believe Alphabet remains one of the best portfolio plays on the biggest Internet trends: the Mobile/Multi-Screen shift, TV ad budgets migrating Online, Video, the Internet of Things, etc  

The analyst reiterates an Outperform rating on Alphabet with a $1000 price target.

According to TipRanks statistics, out of all the analysts who have rated the company in the past 3 months, 97% of analysts gave a Buy rating while 3% remain on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $911.27, marking a 34% upside from where shares last closed.

Netflix, Inc.

Due to recent surveys and management meetings, the analyst states that  the NFLX fundamental growth story is very much-intact.  He explains,  Netflix still offers a highly attractive global customer value proposition, a highly experienced and innovative management team, material profitability potential, and an increasingly strong competitive position.  The analyst predicts GAAP EPS to reach over $10 in 2020, which should result in a 50% increase in the stock price in the next 3 years. Although the U.K represents 5% of revenues, and the rest of Europe represents 20%, the analyst points to the U.S recession as an example that Netflix s  consumer value proposition  can persevere in tough economic times. In fact, Mahaney believes that the company s international expansion efforts make Netflix the largest 2016 Greenfield revenue opportunity of all the large cap stocks.

Mahaney reiterates an Outperform rating on Netflix with a $140 price target.

According to TipRanks, out of all the analysts who have rated NFLX in the past 3 months, 64% are bullish, 7% are bearish, and 29% remain neutral. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $120.12, marking a 41% upside from where shares last closed. 
2016-02-04
Alphabet, Inc. Earnings: 7 Standout Metrics Investors Loved After Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) overtook Apple on Tuesday as the most valuable publicly traded company following the online search giant's better-than-expected results, investors are digesting all of the new information the company shared with investors.

Here's a look at seven impressive metrics from the report that may be behind the market's increased confidence in the company.

1. Revenue increased by 18% compared to the year-ago quarter. This is an acceleration from the 15% year-over-year revenue growth the company reported in the fourth quarter of 2014.

Further highlighting the strength of Alphabet's overall business, revenue growth was 24% in constant currency.

2. Google sites revenue was up 20% year over year. Sequentially, it was up 14%. This strong growth validates the health of Alphabet's core business, as its Google sites segment represents the lion's share of its overall revenue and operating profits.

The key driver for this important segment? "[S]ubstantial strength in mobile search," explained Google CFO Ruth Porat during Alphabet's fourth-quarter earnings call.

3. Paid clicks on Google sites soared 40%. This huge jump in paid clicks, which the company defines as the number of clicks advertising partners paid Google for, was driven primarily by the impact of YouTube's successful TrueView ad product.

Notably, the TrueView product was also a primary reason for the 16% year-over-year decline in cost-per-click, or the average amount paid per by advertising partners to Google per click, for Google sites. But the outsized gain in paid clicks was well worth the slight decline in cost-per-click, helping drive significant growth in Google sites' overall revenue.

Aggregate year-over-year percentage changes in paid click and cost-per-click across both Google websites and Google network members' websites was an increase of 31% and a decrease of 13%, respectively.

4. Six of Alphabet's consumer products have over one billion monthly active users. Those products are Search, Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, and Google Play. So, Facebook isn't the only company crushing it when it comes to users.

5. Time people spent watching YouTube in the living room more than doubled in 2015. Doubt no more: YouTube's addressable market now unequivocally includes cable network customers -- not just other online streaming services.

6. YouTube users watch hundreds of millions of hours of video everyday. This is likely well ahead of Facebook's recently reported metric on daily viewing hours of "more than 100 million." While YouTube's lead over Facebook on daily viewing hours isn't surprising, it's good to see that the lead is still probably significant.

7. Total small and medium-sized businesses advertising on YouTube doubled during the past two years. "Brands turn to YouTube to inspire and engage potential customers," said Google CEO Sundar Pichai during the Q4 call, "And it is brands of all sizes."

Overall, the market definitely has reasons to be optimistic about Alphabet's business. Impressive revenue growth and healthy user platforms suggest the company is firing on all cylinders. How Much Should You Pay For Alphabet?  Why Alphabet Buying Verizon Makes Sense (GOOGL, VZ) With some $73 billion in cash (not including possible offshore holdings) on its balance sheet and another $26 billion in operating cash flow, there's not much Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), the parent of search giant Google, can't afford.

With its recent title as the world's most valuable company, Alphabet   which is no stranger to acquisitions   is eager to maintain that status, given the projected rise in 2016 capital expenses to fund things like Google Fiber, its data center infrastructure, and various other bets. Or Alphabet can just pick up wireless telecom giant Verizon Communications, Inc. (VZ) and maximize what it expects to achieve from these projects. And the synergies with Verizon will be instant. (See also: Is Alphabet the best FANG for 2016?)

Why Fight 'Em When You Can Buy 'Em?

Controlling access to the Internet is something both behemoths want. Google's search dominance has allowed Alphabet to become a gatekeeper, of sorts, leveraging the company's massive global reach to serve up tons of digital video content and mobile advertising. It's for this reason Google is investing so heavily not only in Google Fi but also spending billions to outfit various U.S. cities with Google Fiber, the company's lightning-fast gigabit speed internet service.

Why is Alphabet doing all of this? Obviously, the more users are exposed to its services, the more revenue it can generate for both mobile and display ads. At the same time, the company has looked upon Verizon, which has its own high-speed broadband FiOS service, as a formidable foe. And the fact that Verizon last year picked up AOL, which I then described as a direct attack on both Google and Facebook Inc. (FB), Verizon   thanks to AOL's strong video assets   is positioning itself to supplant YouTube as the world's most dominant video platform.

AOL's ad platform, though not as effective as that of Google and Facebook, is now a critical part of Verizon's strategy to topple Google. AOL has tons of data from its wireless network customers it can use to serve its growing video library. Additionally, the deals AOL has forged with prominent broadcasting networks like ESPN and CBS, can now be used by Verizon to draw even more users to its platform. In other words, Verizon's revenue in the years ahead is poised to grow via targeted, smarter ads and wireless data. (For more see, Mobile Ad Competitors: Facebook Vs. Google.)

The Bottom Line

Does Alphabet want to risk Verizon becoming an even stronger foe? More critically, does Alphabet want to risk Verizon being acquired by Facebook? Imagine the problems this will pose. To avoid either scenario, Alphabet can pick up Verizon and be done with it. With Verizon's market cap of around $203 billion, its enterprise value is in the ballpark of $308 billion, when factoring its cash and debt. Alphabet can seal the deal with an offer of $350 to $370 billion, or a premium of around 20%. Over 12 million Devices Run On Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google's Android ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s newest version of Android Marshmallow has finally gone past one percent market share of all Android devices, roughly four months after its release.

Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P and earlier Nexus devices have been the only smartphones running the OS. Nexus smartphones are sought by those who desire the latest version of Android as well as speedy security patches. However they constitute a tiny part of the Android ecosystem which is dominated by Samsung.

Presently Marshmallow s adoption is 1.2% an increase from 0.7% the previous month. The figures indicate that Nexus devices make up only a small percentage of over 1 billion active Android devices presently in use.

Marshmallow adoption should increase in coming months, with Samsung debuting the Galaxy S6 and S6 edge in South Korea. The Android version is going to release in many more gadgets and markets between February and April. This includes the new Galaxy S7 as well.

KitKat is the most popular version of Android with 35.5% market share. In second place is last year s release Android Lollipop which has 34.1% market share. Its rise is because of several new smartphones running the OS.

Older versions of Android, like the four-year-old Jelly Bean still run on many existing devices. Jelly Bean currently has 23.9% market share. The even older Froyo, Gingerbread and Ice Cream Sandwich are among the versions having over 0.1% market share.

Google found the market share of each Android version by checking all the gadgets that visited the Google Play Store in the seven-day period finishing on Monday. The slow adoption rate is a result of a complex and at certain times frustrating upgrades procedure.

Smartphone manufacturers and wireless carriers need to test each new version coming from Google for every gadget prior to planning and executing a rollout. This results in Android users having to wait months prior to obtaining the latest version. It also tests developers, who have to continually design apps for the various Android versions.

Few mobile device manufacturers have put Marshmallow on their products. It is preinstalled on Google s latest Nexus 5X and Nexus 6P and was put on other Nexus devices in October. LG is providing it on limited G4 smartphones.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Understanding the Valuation Discrepancy Between Apple, Inc. and Alphabet For all intents and purposes, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) are tied in the superficial race to see who has the largest market cap. Alphabet surged to take the token title of "world's most valuable public company" earlier this week in the wake of a strong fourth-quarter earnings release, only to give it back to the Mac maker just a couple of days later.

Let's just call it even. But as both tech giants boast similar market caps, their valuations are still drastically different. Why is that?

One of these is not like the other

For starters, let's lay out a few key metrics.

Metric Apple Alphabet Revenue $235 billion $71.8 billion Net income $53.7 billion $16.4 billion Gross margin 40.1% 62.4% Operating margin 30.3% 25.8% P/E 10 32.7 P/S 2.2 6.8 Revenue growth 17.6% 13.6%

Apple's top and bottom lines are meaningfully higher than Alphabet's, and revenue actually grew more over the past 12 months. But Alphabet earns over three times the valuation multiples shown. Alphabet enjoys higher gross margins since the company predominantly offers software and services, with little meaningful hardware operations compared to Apple, but its operating margin is slightly smaller (more on this later).

Generally speaking, valuation metrics are a function of future growth prospects more than anything else. Investors clearly think that while Apple and Alphabet are worth about the same in absolute dollars (market cap), Alphabet is worth a lot more in terms of its future growth potential.

Doors of perception

There are few reasons this makes sense. Since Apple's top line is so massive, it does take a lot more to move the needle financially for the company. There's this unshakable suspicion that Apple's revenue is peaking, a view that's reinforced by guidance for the current March quarter.

Meanwhile, the market perceives Alphabet as having a plethora of untapped opportunities. This perception is indeed justified considering the company's penchant for experimentation, but at the same time, the market does not perceive that Apple is capable of the same thing. There's a slight disconnect, here.

The whole reason Alphabet is now called Alphabet is because the company reorganized in order to give greater transparency to these Other Bets. The company just reported its first earnings release following the restructuring, and it finally shed some light on these hopeful moonshots.

Other Bets 2014 2015 Revenues $327 million $448 million Operating loss ($1.9 billion) ($3.6 billion)

Alphabet has lost $5.5 billion over the past two years related to Other Bets. This is largely why Alphabet's consolidated operating margin is lower than Apple's. The stand-alone Google segment operating margin last year was 110 basis points higher than Apple's overall operating margin.

Everybody's doing it

Here's the thing: Apple is working on a lot of the same things. They just won't tell you about any of it. I hear that the company tends to be secretive about what it's working on. There are a handful of very promising major tech trends on the horizon, areas that all of the tech giants are investing in. Things like self-driving electric cars, connected homes, virtual/augmented reality, or deep-learning artificial intelligence, among others.

Both Apple and Alphabet are absolutely looking into all of these topics; that's not the question. Apple will do it as secretly as it can, save for the occasional headlines about its hiring activities, while conveniently absorbing any related operating loss in its overall consolidated results. R&D expenses have been rising as a percentage of overall revenue, after all, but just because Apple won't disclose these projects as its own operating segment doesn't mean it's not thinking ahead.

To be clear, Apple is likely only focusing on these bigger ideas, not the true "moonshots." I don't think Apple is all that concerned about smart contact lenses or Internet space balloons. So, to some extent, investors are underappreciating Apple's potential in many of the same areas where they recognize Alphabet's. That's a disconnect that contributes to the valuation discrepancy between the two companies.

The real test will be how each company executes in each of these burgeoning fields, and how well they can build businesses around these new technologies. It's still true that it will take a lot more for Apple to ever launch a product as successful or financially game-changing as the iPhone, so you could say Apple's valuation is a victim of its own success. But that doesn't mean it's not trying. Google Is Ahead in the Next Big Thing in Technology U.S. stocks are mixed in early afternoon trading on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) and the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) up 0.05% and down 0.11%, respectively, at 12 p.m. EST. Shares of Google's parent Alphabet Inc are underperforming, down 13.70%.

It's rather fitting that Google (or, strictly speaking, Alphabet) took Apple Inc's crown as the most valuable company this week. Within the last seven days, Alphabet has thrown down the gauntlet to its technology rivals with two huge milestones for a burgeoning field in computing. It's not the Internet of Things -- it's bigger than that.

First, in an article published in the science journal Nature on Jan. 28, Alphabet's DeepMind subsidiary announced that its AlphaGo program had beaten the European Go champion 5-0. The victory of a machine over a professional Go player is "a feat previously thought to be a decade away."

Go is a strategy game that originated in China over 2,500 years ago. Two players vie for control of a board, by placing stones at the intersection points of a 19-by-19 grid (as in chess, one player's stones are white, the other's black).

Although the rules are relatively simple, the game allows for extreme complexity in that the number of legal positions -- which was only determined last month -- is roughly 2.1 times 10^170 (the number 10^170 is represented by 1 followed by 170 zeros.) For reference, this far exceeds the number of atoms in the universe, a mere 10^80 (a very rough estimate).

That number puts Go safely beyond the reach of "brute force" attempts to crack the game, which would attempt to examine all positions, by even the most powerful supercomputers.

Fine, you respond, a bunch of eggheads working on a "moonshot" project at Alphabet figured out how to beat a flesh-and-blood Go champion. Big deal -- it sounds pretty far removed from the core Google search business.

Not so. First, it's important to note that Alphabet's DeepMind subsdiary, which developed the AlphaGo program is specialized in artificial intelligence (AI), or "the science and engineering of making intelligent machines, especially intelligent computer programs," according to this Stanford web article.

This brings us to Alphabet's second milestone: Yesterday, the company announced the appointment of John Giannandrea to replace Google's longtime head of search Amit Singhal, who is retiring.

You see, Giannandrea, a Scotsman, is an expert in AI and was most recently Alphabet's head of machine learning. One of the key projects he was overseeing in that capacity was the development of the self-driving car. He will now manage the engineering group that comes up with Google's search algorithms.

The appointment of Giannandrea makes it clear that AI is not a fringe activity at Alphabet. Last October, Fortune reported that more than a hundred teams within the company are working with the machine learning group. The article further added that machine learning code consumed the most power of any computing group at the company in 2015.

Meanwhile, Facebook is reported to be developing a program that uses a machine to play Go called deepforest, but it is said to be no better than the best commercial Go AI systems (in fact, it lags them). 
2016-05-28
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Wins as Jury Finds It Did Not Infringe Oracle (ORCL)'s ... Published By: Myrna Salomon on May 28, 2016 10:23 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been cleared of any misconduct when it comes to the creation of Android where it was allegedly infringing on copyrights by Oracle Corporation (NYSE: ORCL) which controlled Java - thanks to it purchasing Sun Microsystems earlier in 2010 in a legal battle that was initiated later the same year.

Google argued its case of  Fair Use,  stating that the APIs were created by itself and a team of Google engineers worked using its own technology to build them into the backbone of the Android OS and ecosystem after Oracle claimed that 37 of its APIs were infringed upon. Google stated that Oracle was not affected in any manner since it had no significant mobile plays that worked in a similar way at the time of the creation of Android and the actions the search engine giant took were more or less commonplace in the industry. It also stated that Java was free to use and develop for and it would be difficult to prove damages if any in this case; especially, the astronomically high $9 billion that Oracle was said to be asking for should the Jury have found for it.

Oracle on its own part maintains that Google used its code and underlying APIs without its express permission. In a separate press statement, counsel the digital service provider stated:

 We strongly believe that Google developed Android by illegally copying core Java technology to rush into the mobile device market,  Oracle s general counsel Dorian Daley said in a statement.  Oracle brought this lawsuit to put a stop to Google s illegal behavior. We believe there are numerous grounds for appeal and we plan to bring this case back to the Federal Circuit on appeal. 

This could indicate that there might be a significantly longer drawn out legal conclusion to the case and Oracle s decision to appeal could see it run past multiple circuits and drag the matter further for years to come. It must be noted that many industry insiders familiar with the matter have principally supported Google s stance, making it less about the lawsuit at hand and more about freemium vs open source in terms of definition. In addition to this, it must be noted that Google did attempt to reach a compromise by attempting to license Java for about $30 to 40 million in talks that eventually ended as Sun was not interested in parting with its potential control over the mobile space. The case is an important win for open-source advocates as well as the industry at large and sets a precedent that could lead to various startups, developers and even high cap tech-stocks that used Java, or a variation of the core functionality it possesses to be liable for damages on a whim from Oracle.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL) has been cleared of any misconduct when it comes to the creation of Android where it was allegedly infringing on copyrights by Oracle Corporation (NYSE: ORCL) which controlled Java - thanks to it purchasing Sun Microsystems earlier in 2010 in a legal battle that was initiated later the same year.

Google argued its case of  Fair Use,  stating that the APIs were created by itself and a team of Google engineers worked using its own technology to build them into the backbone of the Android OS and ecosystem after Oracle claimed that 37 of its APIs were infringed upon. Google stated that Oracle was not affected in any manner since it had no significant mobile plays that worked in a similar way at the time of the creation of Android and the actions the search engine giant took were more or less commonplace in the industry. It also stated that Java was free to use and develop for and it would be difficult to prove damages if any in this case; especially, the astronomically high $9 billion that Oracle was said to be asking for should the Jury have found for it.

Oracle on its own part maintains that Google used its code and underlying APIs without its express permission. In a separate press statement, counsel the digital service provider stated:

 We strongly believe that Google developed Android by illegally copying core Java technology to rush into the mobile device market,  Oracle s general counsel Dorian Daley said in a statement.  Oracle brought this lawsuit to put a stop to Google s illegal behavior. We believe there are numerous grounds for appeal and we plan to bring this case back to the Federal Circuit on appeal. 

This could indicate that there might be a significantly longer drawn out legal conclusion to the case and Oracle s decision to appeal could see it run past multiple circuits and drag the matter further for years to come. It must be noted that many industry insiders familiar with the matter have principally supported Google s stance, making it less about the lawsuit at hand and more about freemium vs open source in terms of definition. In addition to this, it must be noted that Google did attempt to reach a compromise by attempting to license Java for about $30 to 40 million in talks that eventually ended as Sun was not interested in parting with its potential control over the mobile space. The case is an important win for open-source advocates as well as the industry at large and sets a precedent that could lead to various startups, developers and even high cap tech-stocks that used Java, or a variation of the core functionality it possesses to be liable for damages on a whim from Oracle. 
2016-06-13
Apple Inc. (AAPL), Alphabet Inc and Others Should Make Internet of Things (IoT ... Published By: Ken Bock on June 13, 2016 08:24 am EST

The Internet of Things is quite complex for the average consumer at times and this is something that should be dealt with. The idea of connected devices seems to be a good idea but at times it creates a lot of hassle for an average user. This is something that has frustrated the pioneers of the tech industry, who are concerned with the complexity.

It gets down to tech giants such as Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to ease the process for users. Every other vendor s devices have an entirely different setup process which annoys the consumer. Cees Links, one of the pioneers of Wi-Fi technology, suggests that in order to make the most out of these computing systems, they should be integrated. The problem is that the tech industry is not on the same page and has a different interpretation of IoT. It is perhaps important for them to understand that the value generated is derived from the services provided to the user, rather than focusing on the gadgets themselves, said Links.

Craig Mathias, who has been heading a technology consulting firm named Farpoint Group, suggests creating an alliance that would provide a uniform set-up and configuration to ease down the process. He further suggests that connecting gadgets to smartphones and other devices should have a standard procedure to gain user traction. The technology adoption cycle for IoT has to cross the chasm in order to suffice itself. Mathias suggests that it would probably take another 5-6 years for it to suffice itself.

Wi-Fi wireless networking is more than 25 years old, however, the technology was brought into life by Steve Jobs, who used it in Apples laptops. The greatest thing about Jobs was that he knew when the market was ready to adopt a new technology. However, it is quite rare to see such a vision in today s world. We will have to see if Apple has something in this regard at the WWDC as it has been losing on its charm among customers who have always put their confidence in the company. 
2016-12-28
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO Lawrence Page Sold $ 6.6 million of Shares CEO of Alphabet Inc ( GOOG ) Lawrence Page sold '','4  shares of GOOG on --/-'/- -6 at an average price of $798.-- a share. The total sale was $-6.6 million.

Alphabet Inc through its subsidiary Google Inc is engaged in improving the ways people connect with information & products including Search, Android, YouTube, Apps, Maps & Ads. It also produces internet-connected home devices & provides internet services. Alphabet Inc has a market cap of $545.57 billion; its shares were traded at around $79-.55 with a P/E ratio of -9.6  and P/S ratio of 6.59. Alphabet Inc had an annual average EBITDA growth of --.4 % over the past -  years. GuruFocus rated Alphabet Inc the business predictability rank of '.5-star

CEO Recent Trades:

CEO, - % Owner Lawrence Page sold '','4  shares of GOOG stock on --/-'/- -6 at the average price of $798.--. The price of the stock has decreased by  .8'% since.

CEO, - % Owner Lawrence Page sold 66,664 shares of GOOG stock on --/--/- -6 at the average price of $799.9. The price of the stock has decreased by -. 4% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,    shares of GOOG stock on --/--/- -6 at the average price of $797.7. The price of the stock has decreased by  .77% since.

CEO, - % Owner Lawrence Page sold '',''- shares of GOOG stock on --/- /- -6 at the average price of $8 4.9-. The price of the stock has decreased by -.66% since.

CEO, - % Owner Lawrence Page sold '',''- shares of GOOG stock on --/-9/- -6 at the average price of $8 -.65. The price of the stock has decreased by -.'8% since.

Directors and Officers Recent Trades:

SVP, Corporate Development David C Drummond sold -,    shares of GOOG stock on --/--/- -6 at the average price of $794.9'. The price of the stock has decreased by  .4'% since.

President, - % Owner Sergey Brin sold '','4  shares of GOOG stock on --/ 5/- -6 at the average price of $767.77. The price of the stock has increased by '.-% since.

VP, Alphabet Corp. Controller James Grier Campbell sold -94 shares of GOOG stock on --/ -/- -6 at the average price of $744.59. The price of the stock has increased by 6.'-% since.

President, - % Owner Sergey Brin sold '',''- shares of GOOG stock on --/ -/- -6 at the average price of $756.--. The price of the stock has increased by 4.67% since.

Director Ann Mather sold 45 shares of GOOG stock on --/ -/- -6 at the average price of $76-.-'. The price of the stock has increased by 4% since.

For the complete insider trading history of GOOG, click here

.About GuruFocus: GuruFocus.com tracks the stocks picks and portfolio holdings of the world's best investors. This value investing site offers stock screeners and valuation tools. And publishes daily articles tracking the latest moves of the world's best investors. GuruFocus also provides promising stock ideas in 3 monthly newsletters sent to Premium Members

This article first appeared on GuruFocus . 
2016-06-08
Traders Set Sights on Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Call Options volume is running high today, with calls trading at twice the expected intraday volume. The weekly 6/10 options series accounts for nine of the 10 most popular strikes, with what appears to be a mix of sell- and buy-to-open activity at the 735-, 737.5-, 740-, 742.50-, 745-, and 750-strike calls. Those selling the GOOGL calls are betting on the stock to hold below the strikes through the end of this week, when the contracts expire, while the buyers want GOOGL stock to top the strikes.This focus on GOOGL calls is nothing new, though. The stock's 10-day call/put volume ratio at the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX) comes in at 1.67, putting it in the 69th annual percentile. Moreover, this ratio has jumped by nearly 36% in the past month, meaning long calls have been gaining in popularity, in comparison to puts. In fact, going by open interest added, calls account for nine of the 10 most popular GOOGL options over the past two weeks.Elsewhere on the sentiment front , analysts are fully in GOOGL's bullish corner. Of the thirty-two brokerage firms covering the stock, only two don't recommend buying it, without a single "sell" opinion to be found.Luckily for all these bulls, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stock is on the rise, with the tech company's annual shareholders meeting set to kickoff at 12:00 p.m. ET today. Specifically, GOOGL is up 0.8% at $736.97 though the stock once again topped out just beneath its closely watched 160-day moving average . Elsewhere, rumors surfaced yesterday that Alphabet was interested in buying this software stock

Sign up now for Schaeffer's Market Recap to get all the day's big stock movers, must-know technical levels, and top economic stories straight to your inbox. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google's Motion Still App Is The Best Gif App For ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google has created an app called Motion Still App for iPhones, and it is considered the best app for making gifs.

The new app makes Live Photos appear smoother and converts them into Gif form for ease of moving them to cloud storage or sharing them on the web. The app makes it easier to share live images especially using the latest generation of iPhones. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduced Live Photos earlier as one of the support features for the iPhone 6S but it never really got much traction. This is because the images were usually too shaky and sharing options were limited.

The excitement tied to the Motion Still app is because it irons out most of the problems that plagued Live Photos. The new app from Google searches through the Live Photos library and edits the images to make them appear more stable. It then converts them into movie files that can be shared with ease. Users can even add sound and then share them on Instagram, which is something that would otherwise not be possible on Live Photos.

A few third party apps for making gifs are available in the market, but none of them are as good as Motion Stills. Google employed finesse in the making of the app by improving video stabilization. The app isolates the background and freezes it, while at the same time maintaining focus in the foreground. The software giant was able to achieve this feat using a video stabilization algorithm that has been perfected by studying photo bursts used to create gifs and millions of videos on YouTube. The content studied in the process is often recorded using stabilization tools that generate still backgrounds.

Google also reported that the app does not require an internet connection and does not require users to log in using their Google accounts. The app is only compatible with the iPhone 6S, 6S Plus, and the iPhone SE. It is therefore not available to users with older iPhone models. Alphabet/Google (GOOGL) Annual Shareholder Meeting: Will Nest Hog The Limelight? As Alphabet Inc., the parent of tech giant Google, holds its annual shareholder meeting at its Mountain View, California, headquarters Wednesday morning, one item not on the agenda may get significant attention: the future of smart thermostat Nest   a business Google acquired in January 2014.

Nest founder and former CEO Tony Fadell announced Friday on the Nest blog he had  decided that the time is right to  leave the Nest.   He added that he will  remain involved in my new capacity as an advisor to Alphabet  and that the  transition has been in progress since late last year. 

Google, before a corporate restructuring made Alphabet its parent, had bought Nest for $3.2 billion two-and-a-half years ago. With money from the cash-rich Google, the smart thermostat-building company went on a hiring and acquisitions spree, increasing its employee headcount from 280 to 1,200 and buying webcam maker Dropcam for $555 million. For all the money pumped into it, Nest has had very little to show, especially since under the Alphabet umbrella, it competes with Google and its products like Google Home.

Shareholders may pose difficult questions to Alphabet management about the future of Nest. But Alphabet owns many companies that do various things, and not all companies and businesses succeed. How Nest will turn out remains to be seen.

On the official agenda for the annual meeting, there are four management proposals up for vote, which include election of eleven directors, the appointment of Ernst & Young as its accounting firm and amendments to the company s stock plan, which will add 11.5 million class C shares and cap annual compensation payable to non-employee members of the board of directors at $1.5 million.

There are also six proposals from shareholders, all of which the management board recommends voting against. These proposals include equal shareholder voting, reports on lobbying, political contributions and gender pay gap, and the functioning of the board of directors.

The annual meeting of Alphabet s stockholders will start at 9:00 a.m. local time in Mountain View (12 noon EDT) and registrations will open at 7:30 a.m. local time. The event will also be webcast live on YouTube.

Class A shares of Alphabet closed 0.14 percent higher on NASDAQ Tuesday, while the class C shares   they come without voting rights in shareholder meetings   were only 0.01 percent higher at close. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Android Marshmallow Reaches 10% Adoption Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has reported that Android 6.0 Marshmallow has finally reached 10% adoption meaning one out of every 10 Android devices are running on Marshmallow.

The report indicates that it is the first time that the OS has reached double digits in percentage. The company is pleased with the new milestone especially because it means the adoption rate is now rising at a higher pace. It took four months for Marshmallow to reach 1% adoption, but it has since then risen and surpassed the Gingerbread and Ice Cream Sandwich Android versions. The OS still has to catch up with Android KitKat and Lollipop which have the highest adoption rates. KitKat takes the lead at 31.6% followed by Lollipop 5.0\5.1 with 35.4% and Jelly at 18.9% respectively. Android Marshmallow registered a 10.1% adoption rate. A sugar free version has not been announced.

The statistics were provided by Google s Android Developer Dashboard. The software giant collected this data by analyzing the number of Android handsets that visited the Play Store over a period of seven days until June 6. The overall statistics suggest that older operating systems have a higher adoption rate than the latest OS versions. The data also highlighted that Marshmallow has only been available to device manufacturers for a period of eight months. This means that device manufacturers such as HTC, LG, and Samsung are taking their time adopting the OS.

Adoption rates are vital statistics for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) because Google relies on OS adoption to fix some of the problems related with older Android versions including security loopholes. This means that the latest operating systems are more secure and they also provide the company with more income-generating opportunities which is why Google is pushing for adoption of its latest Android OS versions. The company also provides regular security updates but carriers have been taking too long to release these updates thus raising questions about the security process.

Google also is urging the shift to newer Android versions in order to support app developers. The company recently announced that it will be publicly ranking manufacturers based on how fast they update their devices.

Follow Alphabet Inc. Follow Alphabet Inc. Trade (GOOG) Now!

Note: This article is written by Andy Parker and originally published at Market Exclusive. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Massive Risk to Cloud Business  
2016-02-12
Moody's assigns Prime-1 short-term rating to Alphabet Inc. and Aa2 rating to ... Email Research Recipient email addresses will not be used in mailing lists or redistributed. Recipient's

Email

Use semicolon to separate each address, limit to 20 addresses. Enter the

characters you see Can't read?

Try a new set Send Cancel Email Research Thank you for your interest in sharing Moody's Research. You have reached the daily limit of Research email sharings. OK Thank you! You have successfully sent the research.

Please note: some research requires a paid subscription in order to access. OK Related Issuers Alphabet Inc. Google Inc. Related Research Credit Opinion: ALPHABET INC.: Update to Discussion of Key Credit Factors Credit Opinion: Alphabet Inc.: New Issuer - Parent of Google Inc. Announcement: Moody's says Alphabet's loss of some notable advertisers on its YouTube platform is credit negative but does not impact Aa2 rating Issuer Comment: Alphabet Inc.: Alphabet s loss of some notable advertisers on its YouTube platform is credit negative but does not impact Aa2 rating Rating Action: Moody's assigns Aa2 rating to Alphabet Inc.'s new senior unsecured notes Rating Action: Moody's assigns Prime-1 short-term rating to Alphabet Inc. and Aa2 rating to its new senior unsecured notes Global Credit Research - 12 Feb 2016 New York, February 12, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service ("Moody's") assigned Alphabet Inc. ("Alphabet") an issuer rating of Aa2 and a short term rating of Prime-1 for its expected new commercial paper program. Moody's also assigned Aa2 ratings to Alphabet's expected new senior unsecured notes due 2021 and 2024 and a (P)Aa2 rating to Alphabet's senior unsecured debt shelf. These new notes are expected to result from debt exchanges with Google Inc. ("Google", Aa2 senior unsecured), the most important subsidiary of Alphabet, and assumes the same maturity and coupon rate of the existing Google notes that will be replaced. Google's senior unsecured notes due May 2016 (rated Aa2), and its outstanding commercial paper will remain at Google until the notes and the commercial paper are paid off at maturity, at which time, Google's long-term debt rating and short-term rating will each be withdrawn. Moody's also withdrew Google Inc.'s Aa2 issuer rating. The newly assigned Aa2 issuer rating to Alphabet Inc. reflects the fact that Alphabet is now the corporate family's ultimate parent. The outlook remains stable. Assignments: ..Issuer: Alphabet Inc. .... Issuer Rating, Assigned Aa2 ....Senior Unsecured Commercial Paper, Assigned P-1 ....Senior Unsecured Regular Bond/Debenture, Assigned Aa2 ....Senior Unsecured Shelf, Assigned (P)Aa2 Outlook Actions: ..Issuer: Alphabet Inc. ....Outlook, Assigned Stable Affirmations: ..Issuer: Google Inc. ....Senior Unsecured Commercial Paper, Affirmed P-1 ....Senior Unsecured Regular Bond/Debenture, Affirmed Aa2 Outlook Actions: ..Issuer: Google Inc. ....Outlook, Remains Stable Withdrawals: ..Issuer: Google Inc. .... Issuer Rating, Withdrawn , previously rated Aa2 RATINGS RATIONALE Alphabet Inc.'s ("Alphabet) Aa2 senior unsecured issuer rating reflects the company's position as the world's leading Internet search engine under its Google subsidiary. We believe that one of the company's biggest strengths is its ability to innovate and disrupt using technology. It also reflects the company's strength as the world's largest provider of online advertising, a market we anticipate will continue to experience double digit revenue growth over the intermediate term. The rating also considers the company's growing strength in fast developing areas such as online video (YouTube), mobile advertising, and its cloud-based and mobile operating systems (Chrome and Android). We believe Alphabet exhibits strong debt protection measures, consistent with the Aa2 rating, and we expect the company will continue to generate strong free cash flows over the intermediate term. With over $70 billion of cash balances and short-term investments as compared to reported debt of $5.2 billion, and management's conservative financial practices, Alphabet has ample financial flexibility to invest aggressively to acquire technology or internally develop new products and services. We anticipate Alphabet will continue to make targeted acquisitions. While Alphabet currently has very modest leverage (0.4x adjusted debt to EBITDA), the rating factors in the possibility that, over time, debt could rise producing debt to EBITDA of up to about 1 times (using Moody's standard adjustments). Alphabet's Aa2 debt rating reflects competition from Microsoft, Facebook and Apple, all of which are well capitalized, as well as from companies such as Twitter and a host of other companies, including large diversified media conglomerates that garner a significant portion of revenues from advertising dollars. The rating considers the known and unknown longer term challenges to Alphabet's current strength in search and online advertising. Additionally, the rating considers the still developing nature of Internet technologies, usage, and behavioral patterns, all of which pose challenges to constantly invest and innovate. Importantly, regulatory and privacy issues could constrain growth or limit strategic risk taking going forward. Alphabet's liquidity profile is very strong. As of December 31, 2015, Alphabet had cash and marketable securities of $73.1 billion. We expect management will continue to maintain a very strong liquidity based on: (1) Alphabet's conservative financial philosophy; (2) its emphasis on maintaining significant financial after tax cash balances to ensure its ability to quickly address competitive challenges and opportunities; and (3) its significant and steady free cash generation. Alphabet is expected to establish a new $5 billion commercial paper program. The commercial paper program will be backed by a new $4 billion revolving credit facility and maintenance of significant same-day available cash balances. We expect cash balances and quarterly free cash flow will significantly exceed the $1 billion required to backstop the commercial paper program. We expect Alphabet to let Google's commercial paper program expire while issuing new commercial paper at the Alphabet level going forward. The $2 billion of commercial paper outstanding at Google will be repaid as it matures over the coming months. Alphabet's financial conservatism is consistent with a very strong credit rating. The credit facility has same day borrowing availability, it has no material adverse change clauses after the facility closing date, and it has no financial covenants. The stable outlook reflects expectations that Alphabet will continue to maintain its very strong market position in search advertising as well as continue to profitably grow other areas such as mobile and display advertising. The stable outlook also incorporates the expectation that Alphabet will continue to maintain a very liquid and extremely low levered balance sheet. The outlook assumes that the company will take steps to successfully address regulatory challenges and fund potential fines, if any, with internal sources of cash, without impacting credit metrics. Over the medium-term, the rating could be upgraded if Alphabet clears regulatory uncertainties, sustains its strong business execution and financial results, the competitive landscape of online and mobile advertising sector becomes more mature and predictable, the competitive threats notably lessen, and management commits to support a higher credit rating. The ratings could face downwards pressure if (1) there is deterioration in the company's core business model that results in a material, sustained erosion in its very strong market positions, profitability or cash flow generation, or (2) management adopts more aggressive financial policies that weaken its very strong liquidity position. The principal methodology used in these ratings was Business and Consumer Service Industry published in December 2014. Please see the Ratings Methodologies page on www.moodys.com for a copy of this methodology. REGULATORY DISCLOSURES For ratings issued on a program, series or category/class of debt, this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to each rating of a subsequently issued bond or note of the same series or category/class of debt or pursuant to a program for which the ratings are derived exclusively from existing ratings in accordance with Moody's rating practices. For ratings issued on a support provider, this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to the credit rating action on the support provider and in relation to each particular credit rating action for securities that derive their credit ratings from the support provider's credit rating. For provisional ratings, this announcement provides certain regulatory disclosures in relation to the provisional rating assigned, and in relation to a definitive rating that may be assigned subsequent to the final issuance of the debt, in each case where the transaction structure and terms have not changed prior to the assignment of the definitive rating in a manner that would have affected the rating. For further information please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page for the respective issuer on www.moodys.com. For any affected securities or rated entities receiving direct credit support from the primary entity(ies) of this credit rating action, and whose ratings may change as a result of this credit rating action, the associated regulatory disclosures will be those of the guarantor entity. Exceptions to this approach exist for the following disclosures, if applicable to jurisdiction: Ancillary Services, Disclosure to rated entity, Disclosure from rated entity. Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating review. Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to the lead rating analyst and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued the rating. Please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page on www.moodys.com for additional regulatory disclosures for each credit rating. Neil Begley

Senior Vice President

Corporate Finance Group

Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

250 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10007

U.S.A.

JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376

SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653

John Diaz

MD - Corporate Finance

Corporate Finance Group

JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376

SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653

Releasing Office:

Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

250 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10007

U.S.A.

JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376

SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653

Moody's assigns Prime-1 short-term rating to Alphabet Inc. and Aa2 rating to its new senior unsecured notes No Related Data.



CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC. AND ITS RATINGS AFFILIATES ( MIS ) ARE MOODY S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES, AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS MAY INCLUDE MOODY S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES. MOODY S DEFINES CREDIT RISK AS THE RISK THAT AN ENTITY MAY NOT MEET ITS CONTRACTUAL, FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS AS THEY COME DUE AND ANY ESTIMATED FINANCIAL LOSS IN THE EVENT OF DEFAULT. CREDIT RATINGS DO NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER RISK, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: LIQUIDITY RISK, MARKET VALUE RISK, OR PRICE VOLATILITY. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S OPINIONS INCLUDED IN MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT STATEMENTS OF CURRENT OR HISTORICAL FACT. MOODY S PUBLICATIONS MAY ALSO INCLUDE QUANTITATIVE MODEL-BASED ESTIMATES OF CREDIT RISK AND RELATED OPINIONS OR COMMENTARY PUBLISHED BY MOODY S ANALYTICS, INC. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR PROVIDE INVESTMENT OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, AND CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT AND DO NOT PROVIDE RECOMMENDATIONS TO PURCHASE, SELL, OR HOLD PARTICULAR SECURITIES. NEITHER CREDIT RATINGS NOR MOODY S PUBLICATIONS COMMENT ON THE SUITABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR. MOODY S ISSUES ITS CREDIT RATINGS AND PUBLISHES MOODY S PUBLICATIONS WITH THE EXPECTATION AND UNDERSTANDING THAT EACH INVESTOR WILL, WITH DUE CARE, MAKE ITS OWN STUDY AND EVALUATION OF EACH SECURITY THAT IS UNDER CONSIDERATION FOR PURCHASE, HOLDING, OR SALE.



MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER.



ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT.



All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided  AS IS  without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody s publications.



To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY S.



To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information.



NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER.



Moody s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody s Corporation ( MCO ), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at



Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY S affiliate, Moody s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to  wholesale clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a  wholesale client  and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to  retail clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser.



Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. ( MJKK ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody s SF Japan K.K. ( MSFJ ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ( NRSRO ). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively.



MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000.



MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements.

  2017 Moody s Corporation, Moody s Investors Service, Inc., Moody s Analytics, Inc. and/or their licensors and affiliates (collectively,  MOODY S ). All rights reserved.MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER.ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT.All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided  AS IS  without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody s publications.To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY S.To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information.NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER.Moody s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody s Corporation ( MCO ), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at www.moodys.com under the heading  Investor Relations   Corporate Governance   Director and Shareholder Affiliation Policy. Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY S affiliate, Moody s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to  wholesale clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a  wholesale client  and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to  retail clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser.Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. ( MJKK ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody s SF Japan K.K. ( MSFJ ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ( NRSRO ). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively.MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000.MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Hires Jim Campbell Former Intel Corporation ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has reached out to Jim Campbell from Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) to offer him the corporate controller s position.

Mr. Campbell, who has been the finance and corporate controller at Intel, will begin his new journey at Alphabet as of next week. He also held a VP position at Intel before his recent departure from the firm. Alphabet revealed the news through its 10-K Form that was made available on Thursday.

The filing stated that Mr. Campbell, who is now 60 years old, had been Intel s corporate controller since 2004 and left this year to pursue his new post at Alphabet. His previous job was based in Europe where he presided over Intel s international finance activities including financial reporting and financial services. At one point he also managed the chip maker s Financial Information Systems. He has served other positions in the company, and Intel has been his home for 30 years.

Google has offered Campbell a $250,000 signing bonus so that he can be the firm s Chief corporate controller. The company will offer him a $475,000 salary. He will also receive two equity grants each worth $3.5 million that can be exercised annually.

Campbell will be working alongside Google s legends such as CFO Ruth Porat, chief legal officer David Drummond, executive chairman Eric Schmidt, and co-founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page. He gets to make yet another huge mark in his successful career. Alphabet believes that Campbell will be a valuable addition to the team.

Alphabet s executives spoke about the company s reorganization during a briefing where they stated that it was the firm s intention to enforce tighter financial discipline to its numerous projects especially those that exist outside Google s core businesses. During the company s latest earnings call, Porat stated that the firm carried out a very vigorous planning process. She said that the company was focused on promoting a lot of discipline in how they view the opportunities that are available to the firm from other areas beyond the core focus.

Receive News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts  ratings with MarketBeat.com s FREE daily email newsletter. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Need a Job? Google X is Hiring for Self-Driving Car Project Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has posted 36 jobs on its website related to the Google X car project in a clear sign the firm is pushing ahead with its plans to launch self-driving cars. Those who wish to join the project can choose from a number of engineering and marketing roles.

A job posting for a Manufacturing Process Engineer says the role is in charge of  designing factory assembly stations, optimizing production floor layout, automating critical manufacturing processes and approving fixture designs used in the assembly of electronic modules for the self-driving car. 

A posting for a User Experience Researcher seeks someone to lead field research, surveys, lab studies and design sprints related to the firm s self-driving cars. This person will also present research findings to stakeholders.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Other roles include a Mechanical Global Supply Chain Manager, who will be tasked with manufacturing development execution. A Manufacturing Supplier Quality Engineer will be in charge of equipment, inspection processes, and mechanical components and assemblies.

Hints that project could be bigger than expected

Other jobs posted by Google beyond the manufacturing sector hint at the broad scope of the project. For example, a recent posting for a Marketing Manager looks for someone to  shape go-to-market strategy and storytelling to win hearts and minds of community members, influencers and governments. 

Another posting seeks a real estate and workplace services head, which could imply that a boost in hiring is on the cards.

In September, Google hired John Krafcik, the former CEO of Hyundai, to helm its self-driving car division. In January, Krafcik said he wanted to join with other car makers to push the project ahead.

The firm s prototype cars are now being tested in Mountain View and Austin. Last week, Google said that testing would begin later this month in Kirkland, Washington.

Hiring comes as Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) gets green light from car safety regulators

The project got a boost this week when the car was approved by U.S. car safety regulators, who said the robots behind the cars could legally be considered drivers.

A letter to Google from the NHTSA said:  NHTSA will interpret  driver  in the context of Google s described motor vehicle design as referring to the (self-driving system), and not to any of the vehicle occupants. 

Google has already shown that its self-driving tech is safer than human drivers. However, there are plenty of other legal hurdles to tackle, such as the matter of liability. No one can say for sure when the cars could hit the market.

Google is not the only firm in the race to sell self-driving cars. Other car makers and tech firms have similar projects in the works. Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) are just a few players in the autonomous driving tech game, while traditional car makers like BMW, Ford, and Mercedes-Benz are hoping to add some self-driving features to their cars. 
2016-05-06
GOOG Stock: Is 2017's Cable-Killer the X Factor for Alphabet Inc? Alphabet Inc ( GOOG , GOOGL ) isn t much for tradition. Its Google X Labs notoriously toyed with developing commercial hoverboards, and seriously considered the feasibility of a Wonka-esque space elevator. GOOG stock, however, may actually be impacted by its newest harebrained idea.

YouTube (a division of Alphabet s keystone portfolio company Google), plans to offer a streaming TV package called  Unplugged  in 2017 for less than $35 a month, according to an exclusive Bloomberg report.

This, given the prevalence of  cord-cutting  in recent years, could be a meaningful new revenue stream for Alphabet   and work wonders for GOOG stock.

Where GOOG Stock Could Get a Boost

Alright, so let s get to the math behind this thing, to show what kind of impact this could have on the GOOG stock price. As recently as the second quarter of 2015, the cable TV industry was seeing a loss of nearly 500,000 subscribers on a year-over-year basis.

Conservatively, let s assume that rate remains stable. I happen to think cord-cutting will pick up as the years go by and an increasing percentage of the population becomes comfortable with new technology, but that s just me.

Now, let s assume YouTube s  Unplugged  package gets about 50% of these cord-cutters to convert to its service. Aggressive? Perhaps, but given my conserve approach to the previous variable, I don t feel bad about it, okay?

Basically, GOOG stock owners will reap the benefit of 250,000 cord-cutters per year. That s 250,000 x $35, or $8.75 million. Multiply that by 12 to annualize it, and you get $105 million in additional revenue per year from this new venture.

Alas, we haven t taken into consideration the prospect of advertising revenue, which obviously further sweetens the pot for GOOG stock owners. Let s assume YouTube Unplugged can monetize subscribers at the same rate that traditional cable can. Taking Time Warner Cable Inc ( TWC ) as an example, we see that it made $1.03 billion from advertising on a total subscriber base of 10.8 million people, which works out to above $95 a head.

That s $95 x 250,000 subscribers, or about $24 million annually. Adding that to the $105 million figure, GOOG stock owners see an additional $130 million annually in revenues simply fall into their lap.

Even More Ammo for GOOG Bulls

Now, for a company expected to grow revenue by $12.1 billion this year, that s only about a 1% annual improvement, so it s not exactly a game-changer in the short-term. Longer-term, it s not crazy to assume that economics become more favorable.

As I said earlier, cord-cutting is likely to accelerate, not remain stagnant. Those 500,000 cord-cutters per year could accelerate to 1 million per year within the next five years or so. YouTube s share of those defectors could rise over time as well: eMarketer projects YouTube will have 185 million unique viewers by 2018, or 67% of all internet users. That gives an awfully large population to market its Unplugged product to.

Plus, one can easily imagine YouTube delivering greater advertising revenue per user than current cable providers, given the increasingly targeted nature of online ads in contrast to cable TV ads.

And probably the biggest point to be made is that all the math above only factors in U.S. subscribers. There s a whole world out there, you know.

I also expect YouTube Unplugged to enjoy greater profit margins than typical cable cos. YouTube won t have to splurge on capital expenditures, maintenance or even sales and customer care costs to the extent that cable TV providers do. Just take a few more servers live and put a promo on the YouTube (or even better, Google) homepage.

The greatest costs will be programming costs, and to be clear, GOOG hasn t gotten Comcast Corporation s ( CMCSA ) NBC Universal, Viacom, Inc. ( VIA ), CBS Corporation ( CBS ), or Twenty-First Century Fox Inc ( FOX ) to ink deals yet. That ultimately has been the failure of Apple Inc. s ( AAPL ) Apple TV as well, so they need to get the ball rolling on that.

But I have no doubt that YouTube has the willpower to get it done. When YouTube Unplugged does go live next year, it ll be the beginning of an exciting (but long-term) new catalyst for GOOG stock.

As of this writing, John Divine did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Uses Romance Novels To Program Artificial Intelligence Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been feeding romance novels to its artificial intelligence engine to teach it how to respond in a human-like manner.

Engineers working on the technology have so far managed to get the AI to start dishing out sentences that are much like those found in romantic novels. It might appear unusual, but the company claims that the strategy has been working, and the AI can now write sentences based on the novel content learned. Software Engineer, Andrew Dai, claims that the AI is capable of writing its own novel. Dai also hopes that the technology will be more conventional and even take up diverse style, register or tone.

Why the novels are ideal for the task

The engineers use the romance novels to program because they have a predictable narrative path or style. Each book has unique characters but the style is often very similar, and Alphabet s AI can identify the pattern to grasp a better understanding of the language. So far the engineers have subjected the AI to roughly 2,865 romance novels.

Alphabet s AI can write its own novel, but it would not be the first artificial intelligence machine to do so. Developer, Darius Kazemi, was the first to achieve this feat when he initiated the National Novel Generation Month (NaNoGenMo) in 2013. Kazemi used an AI system to create  Teens Wander Around a House. 

Alphabet is not the only company with such a machine-based learning technology. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM) has a similar AI known as Watson. IBM s AI has been used for a wide range of applications due to its ability to analyze different types of data sets. A team of researchers from the Future University Hakodate in Japan developed an AI that wrote a novel that was ironically titled,  The Day a Computer Wrote a Novel. 

Dai also stated that Humans could eventually grow fond of the AI because it is programmed with content about love. It, therefore, has a romantic and polite language.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-08-29
Alphabet's Legal Chief Steps Down From Uber Board David Drummond, the chief legal officer at Alphabet Inc., has stepped down from Uber Technologies Inc. s board of directors as the two companies move further into each other s territories.

Drummond joined the board in 2013 when GV, the venture capital arm of Alphabet formerly known as Google Ventures, led a $258 million round of financing for Uber. It remains GV s largest investment, and the two companies worked together on projects, including the ability to call a car through Google Maps.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

However, relations between Alphabet s Google unit and Uber have become strained in recent years. Bloomberg reported last year that Google had been working on a ride-hailing service using self-driving cars. Uber acquired Otto, an autonomous driving startup staffed by former Google employees, and is working with Volvo on driverless vehicles of its own, which the companies expect to begin rolling out in Pittsburgh this month. Uber has been developing its own mapping operation and is shooting street photography to create an alternative to Google s map data.

 I recently stepped down from Uber s board given the overlap between the two companies,  Drummond said in a statement.  Uber is a phenomenal company, and it s been a privilege working with the team over the last two plus years. GV remains an enthusiastic investor, and Google will continue to partner with Uber. 

Drummond s departure from the board was first reported by the Wall Street Journal. Drummond had stopped attending recent board meetings due to the conflicts, technology website the Information reported earlier on Monday. David Krane, who took over as head of GV this month, has served as an observer to past Uber board meetings.

Uber s board now consists of seven voting members, including founders Travis Kalanick and Garrett Camp; longtime Uber executive Ryan Graves; TPG Capital s David Bonderman; Benchmark s Bill Gurley; media mogul Arianna Huffington; and Yasir Al Rumayyan of the Saudi Arabian Public Investment Fund. Board members without voting rights include Cheng Wei, co-founder of China s Didi Chuxing who joined after acquiring Uber s China business, and David Plouffe, the former Obama campaign manager who briefly served as an Uber executive. 
2016-10-28
Alphabet, Inc. Boosts Buybacks After Another Great Quarter Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) announced stronger-than-expected third-quarter 2016 results Thursday after the market close, marking its fourth report since shifting to a segment-based reporting model earlier this year. With Alphabet stock up 1% as of this writing after briefly touching a fresh all-time high, it's apparent the market is happy with what it had to say.

Let's take a closer look at how Alphabet kicked off the second half of the year.

The headline numbers

Consolidated quarterly revenue increased 20.2% year over year, to $22.45 billion, and would have increased 23% if it weren't for the effects of continued foreign-currency pressure. Based on generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), consolidated operating income grew 22.5% year over year, to $5.77 billion, and net income rose 27.2%, to $5.06 billion. GAAP net income per share also increased 26.5%, to $7.25, for each of Alphabet's class A and B common shares and class C capital stock.

On an adjusted (non-GAAP) basis, which adds perspective by excluding items like stock-based compensation, operating income grew 24.2% year over year, to $7.63 billion, and net income rose 24%, to $6.33 billion. Adjusted net income per share grew 23.3% year over year, to $9.06. Keeping in mind that last quarter, Alphabet completed all share repurchases under its previous repurchase authorization, its board of directors also authorized a new repurchase program of up to $7,019,340,976.83 shares.

As an aside, Alphabet could have made its latest repurchase authorization an even $7 billion, but it would have sacrificed an opportunity to make another very Google-esque joke. Astute math geeks quickly figured out that 7019.34097683 is equivalent to 26 (the number of letters in the alphabet) to the power of "e," an important mathematical constant. And this replaces Google's previous authorization, which allowed repurchases of up to $5,099,019,513.59 -- which is the square root of 26 multiplied by $1 billion.

Getting back to the headline numbers, Google doesn't provide specific quarterly financial guidance. So for perspective -- and while we don't typically pay close attention to Wall Street's expectations -- analysts had predicted Google would report lower revenue of $18 billion and adjusted earnings of only $8.64 per share.

Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat called it a "great third quarter" adding, "Mobile search and video are powering our core advertising business and we're excited about the progress of newer businesses in Google and Other Bets."

Breaking it down

Alphabet once again offered color on its two primary operating segments, including Google and Other Bets.

Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Growth (YOY) Google segment revenues $18.534 billion $22.254 billion 20.1% Google operating income $5.807 billion $6.778 billion 16.7% Other Bets revenues $141 million $197 million 39.7% Other Bets operating income (loss) ($980 million) ($865 million) N/A

On Other Bets

During the subsequent conference call, Porat was quick to offer the caveat that, "[W]e think it remains most instructive to look at financials for Other Bets over a longer-term horizon because, as you have seen, quarterly revenues and expenses can be lumpy [...]." After all, as I pointed out in my earnings preview earlier this week, the Other Bets segment consists primarily of early-stage, pre-revenue businesses that operate in a variety of different industries.

The majority of Other Bets' $197 million in revenue -- an increase of nearly 40% over the same year-ago period -- was generated as per usual by Nest (connected home products), Fiber (high-speed internet), and Verily (longevity solutions). And the segment remains consistently unprofitable, generating an operating loss this quarter of $865 million.

To Alphabet's credit, Other Bets' operating loss, excluding stock-based compensation (SBC), would have been "just" $665 million. And even accounting for SBC, this quarter's loss narrowed significantly from $980 million in the same year-ago period, even as capital expenditures dedicated to the segment rose 19.6% year over year, to $324 million, mostly reflecting continuing investments in the Fiber business. Finally, Other Bets' capital expenditures remain a small fraction of the $2.43 billion the company dedicated to its core Google business.

Speaking of which...

As a reminder, Google's segment businesses include Search, Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, Google Play, and Gmail, as well as Ads, Commerce, Apps, Cloud, and hardware products. But as expected, the main driver of revenue for most of Google's segments remains advertising.

Thankfully, that core revenue source continued to enjoy robust growth. Advertising revenue at Google increased 18.1% year over year, to $19.82 billion, representing 88.3% of Alphabet's total revenue, and down slightly from just over 89% last quarter. Within that, advertising revenue from Google's own websites grew 22.9%, to $16.09 billion, and ad revenue from Google Network Members' sites rose 1%, to $3.732 billion.

During the call, Google CEO Sundar Pichai stated that Google's advertising business is "thriving in a mobile world," thanks largely to its simple, resonating value proposition to marketers as enabled by Google's suite of vastly popular mobile properties from Search to YouTube, Maps, and Google Play.

"They are using our services because they want to actively watch something they are passionate about, or because they want to know, go, do, or buy something," added Pichai. "It's just like people used to be glued to their TV screen during prime time -- our services are prime time for the mobile world."

Growth in aggregate paid clicks accelerated to 33% year over year this quarter -- up from 29% last quarter -- including 42% growth in paid clicks on Google websites, and a 1% increase in paid clicks on Google Network Members' sites. On the other hand, aggregate cost-per-click -- which helps quantify how much Google makes per ad -- declined 11% year over year, including a 13% drop on Google sites, and a 14% decline on Google Network Members' sites. This includes a rapid increase in YouTube's TrueView impressions, which tend to reach consumers earlier in the purchase funnel, so generally monetize at lower rates than traditional web-based ads.

Even so, Google is working to make this up in volume. In addition to YouTube's inherent growth, the company recently announced expanded capabilities to show marketers how TV and YouTube campaigns increase online awareness of their brands. And early tests indicate that YouTube generates nearly twice as many Google and YouTube searches for their brands than comparable TV impressions.

Last but not least, we can't forget revenue from Google's non-advertising sources. Thanks to strong performances from both Google Play and Cloud, "Other" Google revenue grew 38.8% year over year, to $2.43 billion.

There were no big positive or negative surprises in this report. It's important, however, that the company's core ad business stays healthy, and that it continues to methodically invest in promising complementary growth opportunities.

More than anything, this represents the latest in a string of strong reports from Alphabet. All things considered, it's no surprise to see shares hovering near all-time highs right now. Analyst Upgrades: Alphabet Inc, Baidu Inc, and Hershey Co Welcome to Schaeffer's Investment Research! We are a privately held provider of stock and options trading recommendations, options education, and market commentary, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Learn more about us >>

Welcome to Schaeffer's Investment Research! We are a privately held provider of stock and options trading recommendations, options education, and market commentary, headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio. Founded in 1981 by industry pioneer Bernie Schaeffer, we've since become a trusted source of research and analysis for individual investors and major financial media outlets alike. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Is Just Getting Started Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) has cooled off some since reaching an all-time high earlier this week. However, a blowout earnings report will rekindle the upside momentum in GOOGL stock.

Source: Google/Samsung

Alphabet stock closed at a record high Monday just days before it was set to report third-quarter results. Then it pulled back. Maybe traders were buying the rumors and selling the news, but the action was rather early for that.

Either way, GOOGL stock is back to putting up gains, and between fundamentals and technicals it won t stop soon.

Alphabet is up just 6% for the year-to-date. That outperforms the broader market by only 2 percentage points, but then, GOOGL has been a second-half story.

And what a story it has been.

Since the market reset in late June, GOOGL stock is up more than 20%. The S&P 500 is up a bit more than 6% over the same span. With window-dressing season coming up soon, it would t be surprising to see Alphabet get some extra oomph from fund managers trying to spruce up their portfolios before year-end.



Click to Enlarge Not that GOOGL needs such tricks; Alphabet s charts are favorable, too.

GOOGL finally broke resistance at its 50-day moving average mid-summer and hasn t looked back since. In short order, it climbed past the 200-day moving average and then carved out a golden cross. End-of-the summer trading was choppy, but shares took off two weeks into October.

Indeed, GOOGL stock has tacked on 2.3% over the last month versus a drop of 1.3% for the broader market.

However, the biggest tailwind for Alphabet comes in the form of its latest earnings report.

You Can t Stop GOOGL Stock

In the most recent quarterly release, Alphabet reported earnings of $9.06 a share. That easily eclipsed analysts  average estimate for $8.63 a share, according to a poll by Thomson Reuters. Revenue increased 20% year-over-year to $22.45 billion. The Street was looking for the top line to hit $22.05 billion.

GOOGL s enviable rate of growth comes courtesy of mobile ads, which is still an industry with plenty of room to expand. Consumers  obsession with their smartphones has them clicking on ads at impressive pace. The number of clicks on Google ads rose by a third year-over-year. The segment hasn t delivered a comparable performance in four years.

Next Page Google Taking Car For A Spin?  Earnings Preview of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Baidu Inc (NASDAQ: BIDU ... Alphabet Inc

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) the parent company of Google, reported third quarter results today beating analyst expectation. Major drivers were the strength in search and YouTube. Its Google Cloud is also seeing substantial revenue growth.

Third quarter performance (Source: Company Reports)

Alphabet Inc posted an EPS of $9.06 on revenues of $22.45 billion. For previous year, its EPS was at $7.35 on revenues of $18.68 billion. Management reported that their mobile search and video are powering company s core advertising business. The group is also positive on their progress of newer businesses in Google and other bets.

Google website sales increases by 23% to $16.09 billion while advertising revenues rose18% to $19.82 billion. Total traffic acquisition costs were 21% of revenues. Traffic acquisition costs to Google Network Members rose to $2.62 billion, 70% of revenues from Google Network Members. The same to distribution partners rose to $1.56 billion, 10% of Google website revenues.

However, the group expects ongoing pressure on gross margin from higher TAC associated with mobile search and with programmatic. During the quarter, Google s revenues rose to $22.25 billion while  other bets  revenue rose to $197 million on account of Nest, Fiber and Verily.

Alphabet has a  Strong Buy  rating based on 33 analysts  consensus recommendation at tipranks.com, while the stock has an average price target of $953.75, indicating an upside of 16.7%. The group also announced >$7 billion stock buyback authorized this month.

Amgen Inc.

Amgen Inc (NASDAQ:AMGN) reported a 2% rise YoY in revenues to $5.8 billion during the third quarter of 2016. Although the revenue growth was sluggish, the performance beats street estimates of $5.73 billion.

But, earning growth was at $2.02 billion of $2.68 per diluted share, registering an 8.6% rise on QoQ and 9.8% YoY. On a non-GAAP basis, Amgen s earnings came at $2.28 billion, which is higher than 9.6% YoY. Amgen generated $2.5 billion of cash flow in the third quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $37.98 billion. Net product sales were flat in the third quarter.

On the other hand, Company s top selling Enbrel lost ground slightly from the same quarter with sales of $1.45 billion. The biggest losers were Epogen and Neupogen as sales for the drugs fell 31% and 36% respectively. The cost of R&D fell 12%.

Going forward, Amgen also narrowed its full year 2016 revenue guidance and expects revenues between $22.6 billion   $22.8 billion. The company increased its full year earning outlook and now projects GAAP EPS of $9.94 to $10.11, up from its earlier range of $9.55   $9.90. Non GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $11.4 to $11.55. Going forward, we need to see the progress of drug on migraines and also cholesterol drug Repatha. The company expects to announce those results in the first quarter of 2017.

Amazon.com Inc

Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) posted a third quarter EPS of 52 cents on revenues of $32.71 billion. This fall short of analyst expectation of 78 cents a share on revenues of $32.69 billion. The company saw $18.87 billion in North America sales during the quarter against expectation of $19.09 billion. Internationals sales were $10.61 billion.

In the second half of the year, Amazon has increased its investments in its fulfillment centers and video content. Amazon s revenue outlook for the holiday season also came in slightly below expectations. The company expects fourth quarter sales in the range of $42 billion and $45.5 billion. The company s cloud computing business, Amazon Web Services (AWS), brought in $3.23 billion in revenue during the quarter. Operating margin for AWS climbed to 31.6%, up from 29.9% in previous quarter. AWS results were strong as revenue grew nearly 55% and this is important as in coming times AWS would be half of Amazon earnings and the big growth driver. The management expects 22% YoY rise in net sales to $43.8 billion and operating incomes around $1.25 billion for Q4CY16.

Ongoing growth in revenues (Source: Company Reports)

Baidu Inc

Baidu Inc (NASDAQ: BIDU) reported 3% YoY rise in monthly active users (MAU) to 660 million for September while mobile maps MAU were 348 million, a rise of 7% YoY. Gross merchandise value (GMV) for transaction services reported 49% YoY rise to RMB 19.4 billion ($2.9 billion). Total revenues for the third quarter 2016 were RMB 18.253 billion ($2.737 billion), a 0.7% decrease from the corresponding period in 2015. Mobile revenues represented 64% of total revenues for the third quarter of 2016 compared with 54% for the corresponding period in 2015.

However, Online marketing revenues for the third quarter were RMB 16.49 billion ($2.473 billion), down 6.7%. The online marketing customers decreased 15.9% to 524,000 numbers. Revenue per online marketing customer for the third quarter of 2016 was approx. RMB31,300 ($4,694). Up 10.6%. Operating profit grew 11% to RMB2.787 billion ($417.9 million). Transaction services reduced non-GAAP operating margins by 21.4 percentage points and iQiyi further reduced non- GAAP operating margins by 7.7 percentage points for the third quarter of 2016. Net income attributable to Baidu in the third quarter was RMB3.102 billion ($465.2 million), a 9.2% increase from the corresponding period in 2015 while diluted earnings attributable to Baidu per ADS for the third quarter were RMB 8.51 ($1.28). For the fourth quarter of 2016, the company expects revenues in the range of RMB17.840   RMB18.38 billion ($2.675   $2.756 billion) representing a 4.6% to 1.7% YoY decrease.

Dick Wei from Credit Suisse downgraded the stock today to  Hold  position. Moreover, BIDU stock has a limited upside of 5.3% based on the average Price Target $184.33 (Source: tipranks.com) Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Alliances Won't Help Android Pay Take Down PayPal (PYPL) Earlier this week, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL , NASDAQ: GOOG ) announced an agreement with Visa Inc (NYSE: V ) and Mastercard Inc (NYSE: MA ) to provide Android Pay users with much more flexibility and convenience in online purchasing, as well as at countless retail locations around the country.

Source: Via Google

The benefits of this agreement are expected to come to fruition early next year and will allow Android Pay users to more conveniently shop using smartphones and tablets on hundreds of thousands of new sites.

According to Google s global head of payment products, a strategic partnership has been created allowing users to link their Masterpass and Visa Checkout accounts with the Android Pay app. According to Google:

 Visa Checkout and Masterpass users who link their accounts with Android Pay can look forward to easy and secure payments in stores and online with a simple tap. 

Some investors have wondered, though, whether Google s new relationship with Visa and Mastercard will be received well enough to generate meaningful revenue gains, or if Google is just following suit to remain relevant.

What About the Competition?

Over the past few years, the digital payment arena has gotten significantly more crowded. Google Wallet existed for ages, but nobody ever really paid attention to it. PayPal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ: PYPL ), however, was an early mover in the space. Even before it was spun off from eBay Inc (NASDAQ: EBAY ) last July, it was the most trusted and widely used online payment system in the world.

That all changed, however, when Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL ) Apple Pay hit the scene in 2014 and took the market by storm. Much to the chagrin of Google Wallet and Android Pay developers, Apple Pay became instantly popular and essentially became the mobile payment industry s paradigm virtually overnight, accepted by thousands of merchants at hundreds of thousands of locations worldwide.

Despite having been available long before Apple Pay, Google s own Android Pay never gained much visibility or popularity, at least not enough to become statistically significant. However, that all changed, thanks to Apple Pay s meteoric rise, actually, and Android Pay was suddenly in a spotlight that Alphabet was never able to find on its own.

Through it all, of course, PayPal was there, as it had always been, serving as a sort of anchor in otherwise rough industry waters. PayPal s spinoff from eBay actually served as a catalyst to further enhance and expand the company s capabilities and plans for future progress.

Those three competitors (Apple Pay, Android Pay and PayPal) all work on the same basic principle: users provide credit card and bank account information that is then encrypted or otherwise secured and used to complete purchases and other transactions both online or in physical stores. Each of the three operates as a middleman between the merchant and the consumer s chosen payment method.

So, if all three serve the same function and   for the purposes of argument   work properly, what would motivate consumers to use one versus the other?

Next Page Oppenheimer Raises Price Target On Alphabet Inc. Following Q3 Published By: Ken Bock on October 28, 2016 02:02 pm EST

Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) quarterly earnings report for the third quarter was released yesterday after the close of market. The company posted a solid beat on revenue and earnings and was generally ahead of consensus. Oppenheimer analyst, Jason Helfstein, has reaffirmed Outperform rating following the strong quarterly beat. During the quarters, the company s core business saw incremental acceleration and various side bets have also started showing meaningful results. The ad revenue for the company also grew handsomely due to recent restrictions on the company s ads placement and functions.

Google reported a quarterly topline of $22.25 billion ahead of the consensus of $22.05 billion. The earnings per share for the quarter amounted to $9.06 ahead of the consensus of $8.64. The company was able to beat the consensus profitability estimate by 42 cents. The acceleration in mobile revenue has also been meaningful and ahead of consensus. The analyst believes that recent changes in ads placement has been a huge positive for the company and helped accelerate advertisement revenue.

YouTube, on the other hand, has also been very profitable for the business. A shift towards programmatic advertisements has been gaining acceleration. The company s cloud services have been gaining rapidly and now became the fastest growing business. The investors are likely to weigh in more on Google cloud and the focus will shift from advertisement. According to Mr. Helfstein, the news of Google losing share to Facebook is mostly wrong because there are no material facts to support the statement.

Oppenheimer has reaffirmed Outperform rating and raised the price target to $1000 from $970. The analyst ratings for the company include 20 Buy, 25 Outperform, 2 Hold and 1 Sell. The stock traded at a price of $823.73 and gained 0.78%. Is Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Planning To Launch iMessage For Alphabet Inc ... The latest rumors about Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) suggest that the company may be planning to introduce an Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Android version of iMessage.

This is contrary to previous beliefs that Apple would not bother creating an Android version of iMessage. However, the rumors claim that there have been mockups doing rounds in the company. The rumors claim that the firm is working on a pure Material Design style or a style similar to that used in iOS. Earlier reports had suggested that the company would unveil the Android version of iOS during the WWDC 2016 event but those expectations did not materialize.

Reports on the matter suggested that iMessage will be introduced to Android before the end of the year. Apple has already introduced an Apple Music app for Android and this means the idea of an iMessage app for the Android platform is not so far-fetched. The company has reportedly been using the mockups of the iPhone messaging app to determine how it runs on Android. The aim of the tests is to determine how the iMessage app feels and performs on the Android OS.

 I ve heard from little birdies that mockups of iMessage for Android have circulated within the company, with varying UI styles ranging from looking like the iOS Messages app to pure Material Design,  stated John Gruber at MacWorld.

Despite the rumors about an upcoming Android version of the iMessage app, it is not clear whether Apple will go along with the plan. So far there is no confirmation and only time will tell which direction the company will take on the matter. Apple may end up deciding to keep the exclusivity of the app to iPhone users. There are currently more than 1 billion iPhone users using iMessage which is more than enough users for the company to carry out machine learning. There is also an argument that introducing iMessage to Android will not offer much benefit to Apple.

Apple stock closed the latest trading session at $114.48.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-09-17
Alphabet Inc's Google Investigations in Indonesia Could Spell Trouble Published By: Patrick Arruda on September 17, 2016 08:21 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) could face investigations for Google in Indonesia. According to a senior finance ministry, the Indonesian tax office would conduct these investigations. The investigations would be for suspected unpaid taxes amounting to billions of dollars resulting from advertising revenues. Following this, the head of special cases branch in the Indonesian tax office, Muhammad Hanif stated that Google did not cooperate when it was sent a letter earlier in FY16 in April. This raised the suspicions of the agency multiple folds when the company refused to let the agency examine its tax reports. It was also stated that the investigations would not be carried out till the end of the month at the earliest, thus launching of probes could take even longer.

The Indonesian counterpart of Google, which was incorporated in FY11, defended itself by stating that it had complied with the government. In an email, one of its spokesmen stated:  We continue to cooperate fully with local authorities and pay all applicable taxes.  However, the Mountain View-based organization remains under examination in the Southeast Asia s biggest economy.

Along with Google, three other companies were sent similar notices. These included Facebook Inc, Twitter Inc, and Yahoo! Inc. Along with this, the officials have stated that the other three companies cooperated with their request. Twitter and Facebook operate as branches in the Asia Pacific regions whilst Google and Yahoo have formed limited liability subsidiaries in the region. According to the tax office, the four businesses owe income tax along with value added tax on billions of dollars that they generate from their advertising segments in Indonesia.

Moreover, Mr. Hanif had stated that Indonesian Google was only allocated approximately 4% in taxes from the generated revenues. He believes that this tax rate was unfair and too small for such a big giant. This is because the digital advertising industry is worth around $800 million in FY15 and remains largely untaxed, according to the country s communication ministry. He also believes that there was no explanation for the huge discrepancy between the estimates of the two agencies for the digital advertising revenues.

The news came amidst increasing trouble faced by Indonesia in terms of revenue. It has been facing considerable shortfall in its revenues. This is because it can no longer depend on commodity related income. Not only is Google expected to be a part of this investigation, but Ford Motor Company is also facing similar investigations in the region. Ford s troubles were a result of its report modifications in Everest model vehicles to escape taxes and to pay a lower tax rate in the region. According to the laws of the resource-rich country, if proven guilty, the automaker would have to pay four times the amount it currently owes. The Michigan-based business also claims to have complied with the government. 
2016-10-05
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Is Best Fit to Acquire Twitter (TWTR): Top Analyst Cantor top analyst Youssef Squali presents a case for why Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) would be a viable contender for acquiring Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR), which is captivating media curiosity from those like Bloomberg reporting which bidders are seeking to take hold of  this valuable prize. 

From Squali s view, this  acquisition would be most synergistic for Alphabet,  and as such, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on shares of GOOGL with a $1,000 price target, which represents just under a 25% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

First, Squali underscores Google s first-party data gains, where the tech giant could maximize on a TWTR acquisition to better target users across the globe and thereby  enrich the search giant s algorithm.  The way Squali sees this advantageous, potential deal, long-term, GOOGL s relevance and ad pricing would both see significant boosts.

Second, Squali notes that with news already an integral part of Google s search results, a TWTR acquisition would better incorporate even more  real-time news  for  unique  and  fresh  content.

Third, Squali notes that Alphabet s weakness is in its messaging platform, in which GOOGL rival FB outclasses the giant. Yet, with TWTR, GOOGL has the capacity to change that and fight to win back that considerable share of the market. The analyst contends,  We believe that owning Twitter and expanding its messaging service would make Google more competitive longer term. 

As Squali assesses the prospective bidding situation,  Among potential buyers, Google would be the one to realize the biggest cost synergies, in our view, as it reduces much of Twitter s S&M and G&A, considering its own access to substantial organic traffic and millions of advertisers.  Moreover, the analyst believes GOOGL could stand to be the highest bidder.

 Other bidders may be able to reduce Twitter s operating costs under different scenarios, but none would have as many synergies as Alphabet, in our view (except perhaps Facebook),  Squali concludes.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, top five-star analyst Youssef Squali has achieved a high ranking of #4 out of 4,193 analysts. Squali upholds a 71% success rate and yields 14.9% in his annual returns. When recommending GOOGL, Squali garners 12.6% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics indicate GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 32 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 31 rate a Buy on GOOGL, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month price target stands at $944.55, marking a nearly 18% upside from where the shares last closed. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Acquires Webpass for Wireless ISP Status Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) subsidiary Google has announced that it has acquired a wireless internet service provider called Webpass and the acquisition gives it a wireless ISP status.

The acquisition of Webpass was strategically aimed at helping in the deployment of high-speed wireless internet. The company s aim is to venture deep into both wireless and fiber networks so that it can compete more effectively against telecom and cable companies. Google s plans to acquire Webpass were first revealed in June and the latest announcement reveals the conclusion of the buyout.

 It s been impressive to watch Webpass evolve from a boot-strapped startup to an established category leader with tens of thousands of happy customers in five major metros from San Francisco to Boston,  stated Denis Kish, the president of Google Fiber.

The acquisition gives Google access to Webpass infrastructure and customers in five of the major markets in the US. However, the acquisition does not significantly increase Google Fiber s customer base because Webpass customers were only in the tens of thousands. The main aim is to use the technology from the internet provider to boost gigabit speed delivery and home networks.

 Of course, at Google Fiber we re particularly excited about Webpass  application of point-to-point wireless deployment methodology. As we ve said, our strategy going forward will be a hybrid approach with wireless playing an integral part. Webpass has proven that point-to-point wireless is a reliable way to connect more people to high-speed Internet in a densely populated environment, by setting up wireless transmission links between buildings,  said Google in a blog post.

Google has been expanding its Google Fiber service in more areas and its appealing blend of fast internet speeds and fair pricing has led to significant demand for its services. The company hopes to expand the service to more regions as time goes by.

Alphabet stock closed the latest trading session at $802.79, an improvement of $2.41 or 0.30% compared to the value of the stock in the previous session.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-10-21
3 Reasons Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Stock Is Hitting Record Highs   Again Congratulations to anyone who s been a long-term investor of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ). GOOG and GOOGL shares reached new all-time highs this week despite a market-wide headwind of late. GOOG stock s up 23% for the last twelve months, and is still forging its way deeper into uncharted waters.

The credit for the latest round of bullishness was largely given to the company s new so-called Pixel smartphone.

And, it s admittedly an impressive device that was fortuitously unveiled right around the same time rival Samsung Electronic KRW5000 (OTCMKTS: SSNLF ) announced it was taking its Galaxy Note 7 off the market due to a dangerous design flaw.

To understand why GOOG stock seems to repeatedly prompt this  new 52-week  high story though, one has to take a step back and look at the company through a more philosophical lens. There are three big reasons Alphabet Inc is one of only a few truly must-have stocks.

In no particular order:

GOOGL Is Still a Primary Web-Gatekeeper

With just a quick glance at some of the data, it would be easy to conclude Google   and by extension, Alphabet Inc   is perpetually en-route to weaker results. The amount of revenue it collects every time someone clicks on one of its ads has been steadily sinking since 2012, largely reflecting the rise of smartphones, where text and banner ads aren t as fruitful.

The flipside of that trend is that what GOOGL may have lost in pricing power it has more than made up for in sheer volume. During the second quarter of this year, while its cost-per-click was down another 7%, the number of total clicks it induces was up 29% on a year-over-year basis. The downtrend in cost-per-click values simply reflects the commoditization of an internet-ad market that s still rapidly growing.

And GOOG is winning a share of that market as it migrates away from computers and toward handheld devices. As of the second quarter of this year, Alphabet Inc s Android operating system was on a record-breaking 87.6% of smartphones shipped that quarter.

That OS is essentially free to users since it s more valuable to GOOGL as a platform to sell other products, like ads and apps.

Alphabet Inc s Innovations Improve

Calling a spade a spade, while the Nexus line of smartphones that first debuted in 2010 (positioned as a Google product, but actually made by HTC) was a respectable player in a tough arena, none of its iterations were truly a match for the far more popular iPhone series, from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ). As yours truly has mentioned more than once over the years though, it s only a matter of time before competitors meaningfully copy a proven technology.

Enter the Pixel smartphone, from GOOG.

The reviews are in, and the smartphone experts love it   even the ones who usually love to love the iPhone and love to hate Google. It may well have the very best camera ever put on board a smartphone, and the built-in Google Assistant takes dead aim at Apple s Siri. It s being (legitimately) posed as a potential iPhone killer.

Here s the thing   it s not just the smartphone that Alphabet Inc tweaked and tweaked until it came up with something awesome: That s how it sees and treats many of its products and services.

GOOG Is Not Afraid to Enter New Arenas

Back in 2012, when GOOGL first started to lay its own fiberoptic cables to deliver super-high-speed internet services to select cities, some felt the company was wasting time and money. Broadband was already ubiquitous. It was never about operating a profitable ISP though. The investment was more of a message to existing internet service providers to step up their game and offer a service that ultimately benefits Alphabet Inc (and boost the value of GOOG stock) in other ways.

However, it s not just fiberoptic service   just as it s not a smartphone for the sake of selling smartphones.

Next Page Alphabet Inc: Could Google Stock Hit $1000? By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : October 21, 2016

Google Stock Will Rely Ever More on Hardware. The Shift Has Worked

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), also known as Google, has gradually started to move beyond software. The company wants to become a true hardware manufacturer. The new  Pixel  and  Pixel XL  phones are an important step in this direction. The Google car project is another, but it remains in the research and development (R&D) stage for now. The Pixel phones, rather, will be generating revenue, and it looks like they will be successful.

This shift, or rather evolution, is one that investors have welcomed. Google stock is moving higher, and is one of a handful of popular stocks heading toward the coveted $1,000 mark in 2017 or 2018. Another member of this elite club is Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN).

But this should not come as a surprise, and the recent, if temporary, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd  Galaxy Note 7  smartphone recall (a total recall, in fact) makes the new Google phones a true case of being in the right place at the right time.

It s Not that Google Will Replace Samsung Phones

No, Google will not put Samsung out of business. Nor would Google stock benefit all that much from such an unlikely prospect. After all, Samsung doesn t just make smartphones; it makes smart business decisions, and it will return better and stronger. But what it does mean is that Google is becoming more like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL).

It will be interesting to see where this process leads. As for Google, such prospects could not be more enticing. It will be an epic fight. The optimism comes from the fact that GOOG stock is climbing. It s climbing sharply because investors like the new hardware direction, and the new phones have received rave reviews.

Google Has Always Been a Company that Puts Software Ahead of Hardware

There was a logical reason for this. Google owes all its success to the search engine that bears its name. It s both a brand and a verb, such is the extent of the company s effect on how the world works. But the company is more than just a search engine; its  Android  operating system for smartphones has become the most popular in the world.

The fact that Android is used by so many manufacturers puts the  smart  in business, not just phones. Others can use its system, becoming dependent, while Google can exploit its ownership by adding features. Now it can even offer the ultimate Android, in the form of its Pixel handset. In other words, the company has set out to fully embrace the idea of constantly creating better products, not just better services. Google stock on October 19 reached a new all-time high of $821.00. Imagine how far it could go around the holidays, when no doubt its Pixel devices will be selling even better than the company had predicted, thanks also no doubt to the absence of a viable competitor from Samsung.

GOOG Stock is Already at Record High

Indeed, the new record price for GOOG stock was the result of favorable reviews rather than sales. The facts that emerge from the reviews are bullish. The Pixel phones have proven their market worthiness. Now they will go for the big popularity contest at an electronics store near you. But Google s first venture with smartphones under the Nexus brand hasn t been spectacular. Why should this be different?

Again, it goes back to the many disappointed users of the Galaxy Note 7. The clear void has left the field wide open for a new player, including one bearing the actual Google brand, not a facsimile thereof:  Nexus.  Google was shy the first time. It would have enjoyed more success naming Nexus handsets as  Google  from the start. After all, the only person who doesn t know Google now is that last Japanese soldier from World War II still defending his lonely island in the Pacific. And he doesn t count, because he can t trade. A Google And CBS Partnership: Bullish For Twitter, Bearish For Netflix  
2016-12-13
Report: Google scales back self-driving car ambitions  AAPL Stock Vs GOOGL Stock: Better 2017 Pick- Apple Inc. Or Alphabet Inc? Will Alphabet Inc dethrone Apple Inc. ?

Apple may lose the 'most valuable company' tag to Alphabet .

. What are the next steps for Apple to reclaim the throne?

What is the viability factor for future iPhones?

There is plenty of reason to believe that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) might lose its No. 1 market cap status to second-placed Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Apple s market cap at the time of writing the article is $614.01 billion, while Alphabet is at $559.77 billion.

In the last twelve months, AAPL stock is only marginally up by 0.11% whereas GOOGL stock is up by 7.66%. The problem is that Apple s revenue in 2016 declined by 8%, while Alphabet s revenue in the first three-quarters of the year increased by 19.65%.There s a valid reason why the positional switchover might happen. Let's take a closer look.

Market Segments and Valuations

The problem for Apple was that the bulk of their revenue, 63.4%, came from iPhone sales. With smartphone sales growth showing signs of plateauing around the world, the odds of iPhone sales picking up pace over the next few years is quite slim. Compare that to Alphabet s continued double-digit growth and the fact that online advertising has plenty of room to grow in the future, the difference in the fortunes of both the companies is quite stark.

At this point, one might argue that the valuations of both these companies have already priced in these growth factors, as Alphabet is trading at 29 times its earnings, while Apple is trading less than half of that valuation, at 13.69 times. Clearly, Apple s valuation looks extremely depressed compared to Alphabet s, but so do the fortunes of the respective segments they compete in. The market can remain irrational much longer than we can remain solvent, and there is no guarantee that the situation will reverse soon.

Apple s depressed valuation makes it a great buy at this price point, and the biggest factor that an investor needs to consider is the slowdown in smartphone sales. Though it might sound preposterous, the lack of growth opportunity in smartphone sales around the world is possibly the best thing that happened to Apple and its investors. This has already pushed Apple into a corner, and with smartphone penetration in developed markets at record levels, there are very few new hands left for the company to push their iPhone into. (See Also: AAPL Stock: Apple Inc. Hints At Its Next Disruptive Product )

What Next for Apple?

As a result, Apple has certain options in front of it. The company can now shift its focus to emerging markets, where smartphone penetration is still low. Though the return might be a lot lower than what you normally see in developed markets, this will at least provide some room for growth, albeit at a lower margin level. Apple has already started pushing its low cost model iPhone SE to address this market segment, and it will continue its push in that direction.

Though analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has indicated that there s no iPhone SE refresh coming in March 2017, there s no reason for Apple to discontinue the model. His argument is that Apple wants to maximise margins and prevent the SE from cannibalising potential iPhone 7 sales, but markets like China and India will still have room for SE sales through next year, which Apple can t afford to let go of.

Now that it is acutely aware of the state of the market in developed countries, the company has no choice but to accelerate its innovation process to make its newer models irresistible to buyers in the United States and other developed markets.

In addition, the company may want to make refresh cycles as short as possible, with the possible exception of iPhone SE for early next year. And the only way to do that is by producing better phones than ever before, which will push the company to its limits when it comes to innovation. No more incremental innovations like iPhone 7 vs iPhone 6S, because it is just not going to cut it any more. And we re not just talking about next year s iPhone, dubbed iPhone 8. The company must think beyond its 10th anniversary edition of the iconic smartphone.

Also Read: Apple Stock: Is Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Set For A Big Holiday Quarter Rally?

Beyond iPhone

Furthermore, as the company fights for its smartphone sales numbers, it also will scramble to build its alternate revenue streams that run through its services portfolio.

Case in point is the way Apple started focusing on Apple Pay s rollout. After the launch in October 2014, Apple Pay was available in United States and United Kingdom by the end of 2014, and then added Canada and Australia in 2015.

But in 2016 when the smartphone sales slowdown shocked the company, Apple Pay was rolled out in China, Singapore, Switzerland, France, Hong Kong, Russia, New Zealand, Japan and Spain. That s nearly nine countries in twelve months, and it's clear that a lot more will be added in the next twelve months.

Apple s services revenue was the only bright spot in the company s financial reports last fiscal, growing by 22% from $19.909 billion last year to $24.348 billion. It still accounts for little more than ten percent of their overall revenues, but a proper ecosystem that can add value to its loyal customers will go a long way in keeping those customers inside Apple s world, eventually making sure that the company s moat is as good as it can be.

The Edge Remains

Now throw in the fact that Apple captured nearly 91% of the smartphone industry s profits in 2015, it s amply clear that a lot of companies that are selling smartphones today won't be around five years from now.

Apple has a cash generating machine in the iPhone, and the innovation and applications that it brings to the table will be unbeatable in the market, creating a huge lead for the company over time. If such a company is selling at 13 times earnings, the best play would be to add them to your portfolio because the market hasn t valued these strengths into its current pricing, which seems to reflect the current revenue growth rate and not the inherent strength of the company that will serve them well over the years.

Looking to invest in technology companies? Here are our latest Tech Stock Picks which have outperformed the NASDAQ by over 109%. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Google Pixel XL's Stock Refreshed, the 5.5-inch Model ... Published By: Ken Bock on December 13, 2016 11:13 am EST

Good news for all Pixel XL fans! The larger variant of Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Pixel is back in store. Eager buyers are now running to the stores to get one of them.

Since the Pixel and Pixel XL debuted into the smartphone ecosystem, its supply has not been steady enough, especially for the Pixel XL. The reason, the high-tech flagship from Google is one of the most sought-after phones this year. However now, the 5.5-inch model is back in stores, shipping for the devices might take around 2 to 5 weeks  time, all depends on your choice of variant.

Above all, this only applies to the 32GB variant of the 5.5 inch XL. The 128GB variant of the Pixel family is still listed as  out of stock.  Although a waitlist is available for the 128GB variant of the Pixel and Pixel XL, to date we don t know when they will hit the shelves. Luckily, there are three color palette are available. The phones will likely land in 4 to 5 weeks for both, the  Quiet Black  and  Very Silver  models. Ironically, the  Really Blue  variant is expected to be coming within 2 to 3 weeks. Read all about the  Really Blue  variant of Pixel here.

To date, Google s Pixel and Pixel XL are one of the best smartphones available. The phone has acquired stellar reviews from users all over the globe. The phone s design, camera, and the ultramodern processor make it capable enough to contest against other high end smartphone. And we can back up our comments over the fact that the stocks for Google s latest flagship have been going in and out quiet significantly.

As you might expect, the 5.5 inch Pixel XL is available on Google Store and will cost you $769. For those who want to practice a modest spending can take advantage of $32/month package. For an extra cost of $99, a protection plan is available to users too. If you plan to treat yourself with the Pixel XL, act fast, as we at TCC anticipate the stocks won t last long! Qualcomm Inc's unit intends to collaborate with Google on android things OS  
2016-04-14
YouTube Will Drive Alphabet Inc. Growth YouTube advertising revenue was compiled into a long-term projection by UBS.

The demographic data and audience comparisons to broadcast media imply comparable scale.

Near term data suggests acceleration in ad sales, as such Google's next phase of growth will be driven by YouTube.

Clearly, I'm a pretty big fan of Alphabet Inc-C (NASDAQ:GOOG), both in terms of the investment upside and relative risk to reward when compared to other opportunities. However, it has become difficult to quantify the separate reporting units without separate accounting disclosures, which makes the company a little less predictable.

Thankfully, an in-depth report came from UBS in the past week, which attempts to estimate the separate revenue contribution from the various app segments. Of course, these are just estimates and not exact figures on the company s consolidated segment results. Even so, I can imagine that that these approximations bring us closer to understanding the revenue contribution from YouTube and how it could potentially sustain mid-teen revenue growth for the consolidated Alphabet umbrella.

Source: UBS

Eric Sheridan from UBS estimates that the incremental revenue from YouTube represents a small component of the total revenue mix, which sounds weird given the higher pricing of pre-roll ads relative to paid search clicks. Even so, Google s more mature Search opportunity represents a higher percentage of the mix given the nature of content consumption on the web and the duration of search as a function across mobile and desktop applications. People will always need a search utility to find new sources of information and since Google owns the primary OS to the mobile web, the company s market position as the primary search provider remained constant for the past decade.

And while YouTube is a nascent business, it seems the modeled growth assumption of YouTube is suspected to remain at roughly a 20.96% average growth rate for the next four years. That s fairly impressive, and from what I understand a lot of this is driven by the demographic mix shift to online content, which is driven by millennials due to demographics and increasing patterns of consumption from older and younger audiences.

By FY 20 it s estimated that YouTube alone will generate $27.4 billion, which would make the app roughly comparable to Facebook s FY 16 consensus revenue estimate of $25.55 billion.

While YouTube isn t that big currently it s worth mentioning that the collective licensing revenue paid out to YouTube partners by 2020 is estimated to be $14.05 billion given the 55 to 45 revenue split with YouTube keeping 45%. Now, obviously $14.05 billion spent on content must produce something, and quite frankly that s what gets me excited about YouTube, because the level of quality will likely increase in response to feasibility dynamics for higher production content.

Source: Barclays

Furthermore, it s worth noting that the consumption of online content has shifted to the 25-34 age demographic. This demographic spends the most amount of time watching online television, which has correspondingly lead to an increase in engagement across digital video devices in the past five-years. While the level of engagement is increasing, the quality of content is now shifting to full-episode originals that are paid for via subscription revenue from YouTube Red. While the subscription product is in its early stages, I believe the talent/quality pool of original studios/creators puts YouTube in a position to develop more niche-oriented channels that can compete with linear television thus sustaining the current trajectory of declining cable channels.

Source: Barclays

It s also worth noting that the top 10 most popular science and food YouTube channels had similar subscription figures to comparable cable channels over the past five years. The non-linear format, ease of functionality, accessibility and quality of content has allowed YouTube to break into the mass market.

While adoption of YouTube has been limited among the older age cohort, it s worth noting that YouTube has the younger audiences kept captive due to limited incomes of millennials and the high rate of unemployment for what s considered the most educated age demographic, but also the most economically challenged in the past 50 years. With limited discretionary income and with many re-labeling generation Y as the boomerang generation where kids return home after college, I get the impression that cable viewership is becoming marginalized in favor of online streaming due to constraints on entertainment spending. Since YouTube is free and only requires a broadband connection, it plays into the prevailing mentality of cord-cutting in favor of lower-cost online entertainment alternatives.

Source: Morgan Stanley

Growth continues to accelerate as Morgan Stanley anticipates that time spent within the United States will grow by 42%, which is the highest reported growth rate over the past two years. Given the acceleration of growth, population dynamics and continued platform investment into content, YouTube seems pretty well positioned. And while it s not going to drive immediate sales/earnings results due to lack of meaningful contribution to total operating profit/revenue mix, the long-term scale/growth dynamics makes me incrementally positive given the declining trajectory of desktop search and slowing penetration of Android devices in rest of world.

As such the next pillars of growth involve video, enterprise applications and Android app store. These three categories will offset the eventual stagnation of search revenue. As such, I continue to reiterate my buy recommendation on Google. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Rating Raised At Wedbush Published By: Myrna Salomon on April 14, 2016 11:51 am EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) first quarter earnings are due on April 21, and the market expects that the company will continue its norm of surpassing analysts  estimates. Wedbush analyst, James Dix is of the opinion that Alphabet s revenue growth is going to be higher than the cost growth which will offset some of the company s pressure in terms of cost. On this note, the research analyst raised the price objective for Alphabet stock to $840 while maintaining the previous rating of a Neutral.

As per Wedbush analyst, gross revenue of the company will be up 18.3% on year-over-year (YoY) basis due to increase in revenues of Google Sites, Network sites and Licensing/other. Revenue from Google Sites is expected to grow by 22% which is 2% higher than the growth posted in the last quarter. However, revenue from Network sites is expected to grow at a slower pace as compared to last quarter and Mr. Dix believes that it will post a single digit growth of 1% only. Moreover, Licensing and Other revenue is going to be relatively high and he has estimated a 32% growth in it for first quarter.

Mr. Dix is certain about the growth because of ongoing positive catalysts which are expected to push the revenue growth further. There are improvements in mobile monetization through placement ads in paid app and advances in deep linking, which are going to drive the revenue growth. Moreover, revenue from YouTube and growth in ad sharing are other factors which will boost Alphabet revenue for the quarter.

Bank of America has also reaffirmed a Buy rating over Alphabet stock. Oppenheimer analyst in the most recent research note restated an Outperform opinion for the stock. Moreover, Vetr has upwardly revised its rating to a strong Buy while setting a price objective of $816.85. 
2016-02-17
Are Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc. Headed For a VR Headset War? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet's Android (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) have been fierce rivals in mobile devices, but that rivalry could soon extend to augmented and virtual reality headsets.

Apple's recent purchases of AR/VR firms Metaio, Faceshift, Emotient, and Flyby Media all suggest that it is developing its own headset. A recent Financial Times report claims that Apple's "secret" AR/VR team has already designed prototype headsets which resemble Microsoft's HoloLens and Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) Oculus Rift. Apple also recently hired Doug Bowman, a former Virginia Tech computer science professor who is considered one of the leading VR experts in the country.

Google is reportedly developing a stand-alone VR headset which won't require a phone, computer, or gaming console, according to the Wall Street Journal. Google also plans to launch a more advanced plastic version of its Cardboard viewer which is equipped with computer chips and sensors. Last month, Google named Clay Bavor, the creator of Cardboard, as its first VR chief.

Let's compare Apple and Google's approaches to the fledgling VR market, and how their devices could impact Facebook, Sony, Samsung, and HTC's VR plans.

Why Apple needs a VR headset

Apple is likely developing a VR headset to diversify its business away from the iPhone, which generated 68% of its first quarter revenue. Total shipments only inched up 0.4% annually during the quarter, and will likely fall in the second quarter.

Apple has only dabbled in AR and VR in the past. The company launched a VR music video starring U2 in its "Experience Buses" last November, which let fans experience the video on Oculus headsets and Beats headphones. iPhones are also compatible with Google Cardboard and Mattel's new VR View-Master. But until now, it wasn't clear how Apple planned to directly profit from the growth of the AR and VR markets.

If the reports about a dedicated headset are accurate, Apple will probably enter the market in the same way it did with smartwatches -- with a product which only arrives after first movers reveal the market's strengths and weaknesses. As with the Apple Watch, Apple will likely rely on its brand and ecosystem strength to capture a piece of the market and expand its mainstream appeal.

However, it's unlikely that an iOS-based Apple VR headset will compete directly against the PC-tethered Oculus Rift, PS4-based PlayStation VR, or Android-based headsets like the Gear VR. Instead, it will likely be sold as a peripheral for the iPhone to support sales of next-gen iPhones. The device might also be synced to the Apple Watch to track hand movements, or connect to the Apple TV for VR media or gaming experiences.

Why Google needs a VR headset

Meanwhile, it's less clear why Google would create its own stand-alone headset. After all, Android-powered smartphones can already be converted into VR headsets with Cardboard or other similar products. However, the VR experiences on these devices still pale in comparison to Facebook's Oculus Rift.

Facebook's Oculus Home ecosystem also represents a direct threat to Google's future in VR. Oculus Home, which was introduced last year, is a VR store that lets users buy games, videos, and experiences directly from the Rift. Samsung, the largest Android device manufacturer in the world, already tethered its $99 Gear VR headset to Oculus Home. This indicates that Samsung -- which has repeatedly tried to reduce its dependence on Google's ecosystem -- prefers to be tethered to Facebook instead of Google. If other Android OEMs follow Samsung's lead, Oculus Home could become the VR equivalent of Google Play and cut Google out of the loop.

Faced with these two challenges, it would be logical for Google to produce a high-end VR headset locked into a dedicated Google Play Store for VR devices. That storefront could challenge Oculus Home and discourage Android OEMs from following Samsung into Facebook's backyard. Not much is known about Google's headset, but the Journal reports that the headset will track a user's motion with outward-facing cameras instead of synchronizing with a smartphone, PC, or console.

Who will win the VR war?

I expect the upcoming VR battle to split the market along platform lines this year. Facebook and HTC/Valve will clash on the PC front, Sony will prevent other VR headsets from connecting to the PS4, and Microsoft will connect the HoloLens to Windows 10 PCs and Xbox Ones.

Apple's entrance into the VR market will probably resemble Sony's -- a dedicated play to strengthen its own hardware and software ecosystem. Google will likely enter the market to prevent Facebook from taking over Android devices with its Oculus Home ecosystem. If Apple's VR headset is a hit, it can diversify its top line while casting a "halo effect" on sales of other iOS devices. If Google's sells well, it can prevent Facebook from disrupting its mobile ecosystem with VR apps. Google's Think Tank Renamed Jigsaw, Made Part of Alphabet Alphabet Inc. pulled Google s 5-year-old think tank under its corporate umbrella and renamed it Jigsaw.

Jigsaw also will become a technology incubator and will be led by Jared Cohen, a close confidant of Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt. Cohen ran Google Ideas, the company s in-house think tank that used technology to give people greater security and confidentiality when communicating online, among other tasks, Alphabet said in a statement.

 The team s mission is to use technology to tackle the toughest geopolitical challenges, from countering violent extremism to thwarting online censorship to mitigating the threats associated with digital attacks,  Schmidt said Tuesday in a blog post announcing Jigsaw. Google Stock: Alphabet Inc Just Won the Biggest Bet in Technology By Palwasha Saaim B.Sc Published : February 17, 2016

This Could Be Huge for Google Stock

It was a big week for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) last week, as the company received a nod from the authorities. Holders of Google stock might be in for a joy ride, as Google prepares to turn its biggest dream to reality.

The biggest question mark on Alphabet s self-driving technology was struck off on Wednesday.

Rewind back two months, when the market almost gave up hope on Alphabet s dream project. California s Department of Motor Vehicles made an intention to stop Google from deploying driverless cars on the road. (Source:  California DMV wants to ban Google s proposal for self-driving cars without manual driving controls,  9to5Google, December 17, 2015.)

The authorities wanted to impose a restriction under which a licensed driver would have had to sit behind driving controls, even if the car was running autonomously. This contrasted Google s plan, because Google s definition of a driver was different.

According to Google s plan, its autonomous driving cars were to be driven by an artificially intelligent computer system that could control and perceive every aspect of driving in real-life conditions.

The state s plan was soon thwarted when President Obama revealed his commitment to autonomous driving technology. (Source:  President Obama wants to fund trains and self-driving cars with a new oil tax,  The Verge, February 4, 2016.)

Following the President s commitment, the U.S. government has now given a green signal to Google.

On Wednesday, Paul Hemmersbaugh, chief of the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), sent a letter to Google s Chris Urmson, who is in charge of the self-driving car project. In his letter, Hemmersbaugh affirmed that the government now agrees with Google s definition of a  driver,  which could be either a human or a computer.

In other words, Google s robotic drivers will now be officially considered equivalent to human drivers. (Source:  Government will consider Google computer to be car s driver,  Yahoo! Finance, February 10, 2016.)

 NHTSA will interpret  driver  in the context of Google s described motor vehicle design as referring to the SDS (self-driving system) and not to any of the vehicle occupants,  wrote Hemmersbaugh.

Hemmersbaugh acknowledged that technological advancements in the automobile industry have rendered many old definitions obsolete:  We agree with Google its SDV [self-driving vehicle] will not have a driver in the traditional sense that vehicles have had drivers during the last more than one hundred years,  continued Hemmersbaugh.

The letter goes on to discuss the nitty-gritty of the project, but long story short, Google is now in a position to put its project into second gear. The added momentum, here and onwards, will shorten the company s journey toward its ultimate destination.

Rest assured, we might be seeing science fiction coming to life much earlier than expected. The biggest beneficiaries will obviously be the owners of the technology that is, holders of Google stock. Google think tank becomes Jigsaw, latest independent Alphabet company Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -0.09% GOOGL, -0.15% announced Tuesday afternoon that its think tank, previously called Google Ideas, will become a technology incubator separate from the Google search company. The new Alphabet arm, which will be called Jigsaw, has sought to discover and develop technology that can help solve problems such as digital censorship and online attacks. "As a technology incubator, Jigsaw will be investing in and building technology to expand access to information for the world's most vulnerable populations and to defend against the world's most challenging security threats," Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt wrote in a blog post announcing the change Tuesday. Google reincorporated as Alphabet last year, becoming a holding company in which many businesses besides Google will exist. 
2016-10-27
Alphabet Buries Another Math Joke in Latest Share Buyback Alphabet Inc. is getting serious about reining in spending, but the math whizzes who run the company are still playing games when it comes to some big financial decisions.

The internet search giant buried a math game in its share buyback announcement on Thursday. Google s parent company said it will repurchase $7,019,340,976.83 worth of its Class C stock. That amount comes from the number of letters in the alphabet (Alphabet Inc., get it?) and "e," an important mathematical constant that equals 2.71828.

Here s the calculation, courtesy of Google s search engine: 26 to the power of "e" equals 7019.34097683. Multiple that by $1 million and you get the new repurchase number.

This is just the latest math joke from the company. Last year, Alphabet said it would buy back as many as $5,099,019,513.59 of its Class C shares. To get that number, it took the square root of 26, then multiplied that by $1 billion.

The company has been under pressure to return some of its huge cash hoard to shareholders, so the most-recent math games have focused on buybacks. But it s been obsessed by large numbers since inception in the late 1990s.

The name Google is a play on googol, which is the number 1 followed by a hundred zeros. When it first filed to go public, it said it planned to raise $2,718,281,828, a billion times the value of "e."

Nearly a year later, it said it was going to sell 14,159,265 shares of stock. Those are the numbers that follow the decimal in pi. And when the company tried to buy Nortel Network patents, one of its bids was actually  pi    around $3.14 billion. Its other bids were plays on numbers, too. Google lost the bid. All Eyes on Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Earnings This Evening The tech-verse is brimming with anticipation for a double-earnings release tonight for two of its leading giants, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Why are Guggenheim and RBC Capital decidedly positive on both companies ahead of the prints? Let s delve a little deeper:

Amazon.com, Inc.

Ahead of Amazon s third-quarter results tonight, Guggenheim analyst Robert Drbul remains bullish on the online auction and e-commerce leader with expectations for a revenue surge forward and accelerated growth from Amazon Web Services (AWS).

As such, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on AMZN with a price target of $950, which represents a nearly 16% increase from where the shares last closed.

For the third quarter, Drbul project a 28% year-over-year rise in revenue to $32.40 billion, on back of sustained robust performance in North America, which has grown approximately 26%, coupled with a 55% step up in the  fast-growing AWS segment.  Drbul expects AWS to bring forth $3.2 billion in revenue, thanks to rising IT approval of the public cloud paired with data spending expansion this year.

The analyst notes,  We also expect the recent strength in International to continue as the Prime flywheel gathers steam in key markets (est. +24% growth). 

Drbul is modeling a global 30% year-over-year boost in AMZN s E&GM segment to hit above $23 billion this quarter,  as Prime membership continues to swell.  Additionally, the analyst opines,  We expect improved selection, investments in content, and expansion of same-day/1-2 hour delivery to drive growth. 

From the analyst s eyes, over 20% of growth in the first half of 2016 as well as three profitable quarters in a row are proof of the Prime flywheel  materializing in key International markets,  such as the UK, Germany, and Japan.

Moreover, Drbul contends,  With Prime membership growth outpacing the U.S., we believe efforts to improve selection, as well as investments in content and fulfillment (Prime Now added to Germany, France, and Spain in 2Q), are paying off. 

 As we look ahead, we expect revenue growth to remain above 20%, with broad strength, and remain comfortable with our FY16 and FY17 EPS estimates of $5.90 and $10.60, respectively. Importantly, we expect profitability will continue to improve despite increased investments in fulfillment, content, and AWS,  Drbul concludes.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate, five-star analyst Robert Drbul is ranked #164 out of 4,197 analysts. Drbul has a 66% rate and gains 12.7% in his yearly returns. When recommending AMZN, Drbul garners 41.0% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AMZN as a Strong Buy. Based on 34 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 33 rate a Buy on AMZN, while 1 maintains. The consensus price target stands at $941.76, marking just under a 15% upside from where the stock is currently trading.

Alphabet Inc

Alphabet has RBC Capital top analyst Mark Mahaney s confidence in a preview of its third-quarter report, reiterating an Outperform rating on shares of GOOGL with a $1,025 price target, which represents a 25% increase from current levels.

For the third quarter, Mahaney models gross revenue of $22.46 billion, net revenue of $18.36 billion, non-GAAP operating income of $7.55 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $8.81. The analyst notes that his gross revenue estimate outreaches the Street s $22.09 billion estimate as well as his net revenue projection topping consensus of $17.98 billion. Moreover, Mahaney s non-GAAP operating income reaches ahead of the Street s $7.44 billion as does his non-GAAP EPS estimate, over consensus of $8.62.

The analyst affirms based on his advertising professional survey research results,  Google continued to be the largest platform for Online advertising dollars and future intents to spend on skewed positively. 

For Core Google gross revenue, Mahaney anticipates a 20% year-over-year rise to $22.3 billion as well as a 21% year-over-year reported increase to net revenue of $18.2 billion. Moreover, for Core Google non-GAAP operating profit, the analyst expects a 48% margin on net revenue of $8.7 billion,  as we believe the company s improved cost focus could drive margin expansion. 

With regards to revenue and operating loss trends for Other Bets, the analyst expects $196MM in Other Bets revenue coupled with a non-GAAP operating loss of $1,006MM, a certain boost from this quarter last year s loss of $875MM.

Mahaney indicates,  In Q2:16, we saw Paid Click growth of 29% Y/Y. On a 5pt tougher comp, we believe this decelerates in Q3 to 24% Y/Y. 

As to share buybacks,  In Q2, GOOGL fully completed their authorized repurchases, but did not announce a new plan. We would be surprised if Google did not announce a new share repo plan before the end of 2016,  Mahaney concludes.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, top five-star rated analyst Mark Mahaney has achieved a high ranking of #3 out of 4,188 analysts. Mahaney upholds a 70% success rate and realizes 20.4% in his annual returns. When recommending GOOGL, Mahaney yields 38.7% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 32 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 31 rate a Buy on GOOGL, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month price target stands at $949.81, marking a 16% upside from where the shares last closed. Google Earnings: Expect The Expected  Alphabet reports non-GAAP EPS of $9.06<GOOGL.O>  Sony Electronics says PlayStation Vue now available on Sony's Android TVs  
2016-04-16
Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Google Changes Its Chrome App Policy Published By: Myrna Salomon on April 16, 2016 08:50 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) has changed its Chrome app policy, requiring app developers to disclose information regarding how their apps track users  data. Failure to do so and going against policies will result in a developer s app being removed from the Chrome app store.

At the same time, developers are also required to provide a privacy policy and need to use encryption to protect their users  data. Additionally, they are also required to ask for permission from users when collecting sensitive and personal data.

It is important to note that Google has given developers up until July 14 to make the necessary changes to adhere to the aforementioned policies.

On the other hand, apart from allowing users to find out more about how their data is being used, Google is also making sure apps do not collect browsing activity while active, especially when it is not an app s primary function.

It s always commendable to see Google s commitment to protect its users and offer a seamless experience. The company is already making massive changes to its browser and has incorporated new features over the course of time. It also understands the importance of going the extra mile and keeping its developers in check, as it would not only make its browser easier to use but safer at the same time. Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google Plans to Beam Wireless Broadband Internet Nationwide Published By: Ken Bock on April 16, 2016 09:49 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) Google is currently experimenting with various wireless technologies to come up with a solution that will allow the search engine giant to directly beam super-fast and reliable wireless internet services into homes all over the US.

Its team of engineers are especially focused on dissolving the  last mile problem  for the broadband industry which is associated with the costly and time-consuming process of laying down wire grids in every location. Instead, Google is hoping to transition its Google Fiber technology into the wireless medium, putting aside any hassle when connecting millions of homes to the web nationwide.

According to Re/code, Google is still tinkering with the idea and as of yet, a viable solution is pending. When this plan does materialize, parent company Alphabet is going to go to work building a nationwide network with telecom giants such as Verizon and A&T.

Access CEO, Craig Barratt, has refused to release any further information on the project, declining to comment on the amount of expenses being put in for research and a time-frame in which consumers can expect this new technology to roll out. Suffice to say, this ambitious project will see the company putting in a significant amount of investment.

Google Fiber s wired services launched in 2011, slowly covering specific territories in the United States. Its promise of a reasonable price point, consistency, stability and high speeds proved to be a warning sign for existing ISP companies in the market and forced companies like Comcast and Time Warner Cable to begin improving their own services; although, that improvement is debatable. 
2016-06-07
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Forces Smaller Startups To Rethink Their Strategy Published By: Angela Campbell on June 7, 2016 10:21 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been a significant cause of a shift in strategy for numerous small time startups. Many tech giants like Google, have an added benefit of greater available resources and loyal customers that makes it significantly difficult for startups to survive in the industry. Here is The Country Caller s take on how tech giants like Google is forcing its smaller startup counterparts to re-strategize their game plan in order to survive.

Google announced its  Instant Apps  during the company s I/O developers conference. Just ten days after this announcement, AppSurfer, a startup company, announced in a blog that it would be immediately shutting down. Although startups run out of business on a regular basis around the globe but AppSurfer s fate was directly related to the decision made by Google. AppSurfer was a small time startup in 2012 and the company experimented with multiple business models and undertook numerous months of dedication before perfecting a software that would give its users a demo of an application before being downloaded on their devices. However, Google effectively ruined AppSurfer when it unveiled its  Instant Apps  that enabled users to stream applications instead of directly downloading them on a device. This caused AppSurfer s users to shift towards Google s offering and left the former with little choice but to shut down immediately.

There are many smaller startups that share a similar fate like AppSurfer. For instance, Google also announced its  Tap to Translate  which allows its users to translate any text on any application. Before Google decided to release its own translator, Indus OS was already making good business with a similar business model where it made local software for translating text and language. The startup has countered Google s push into their territory by developing a text-to-speech feature for its software but the company fully aware that it would be forced to shut down operations if Google ever decided to introduce a similar feature. As Indus OS cannot compete with Google s resources, it has to rethink its strategy in order to survive in this tech world. The startup required years to develop a text-translating application but was outdone by Google in a matter of months which shows the power of larger and established tech giants like Google.

It s not like smaller startups do not stand any chance against larger and established tech giants like Google but if they decide to directly take on these larger firms then they will mostly come out second best. Hence, these smaller startups have to re-evaluate how they are supposed to go about things and come up with new strategies in order to better compete with larger firms like Google. Because any time a large firm like Google, Microsoft, etc. decides to enter a new sector, it proves to be a significant disruption for smaller startups like AppSurfer and Indus OS. 
2016-11-18
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Could Soar on   Google Maps? The investing world is a flutter with the opportunity that Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) new Pixel phone will bring for the search and software giant. But while it is the new, shiny hotness for Alphabet   the biggest opportunity for GOOGL stock right now might be something a little older.

I m talking about Google Maps.

Google Maps has become standard issue on most smartphones these days and has millions of daily users. Just like YouTube, Gmail and Google Docs, Maps has the ability to become a major revenue driver for the tech firm. And Alphabet is just starting to monetize the opportunity.

For investors in GOOGL stock, the growth in Maps  locally generated revenues could be the next biggest thing under Google s massive umbrella of search related ad sales.

Google Maps might be old and boring to users, but it can still be exciting to us.

Alphabet Lays the Ad Groundwork In Maps

Most people use Google Maps as a GPS system   we need directions, and Google provides them. But when we search for the local Outback Steakhouse or a conference center in another city, we re actually providing Google with a wealth of data   exactly what the company needs to bring its brand of advertising to the surface.

Google already has started planning for a Maps ad future. The company started a program over the summer that it dubbed  promoted pins.  It s simple: As someone walks or drives along their route, logos for businesses will pop up, and sometimes will include a coupon or special offer.

Looking to grab a bite to eat on your way to Albuquerque? The new promoted pins app might show you a Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE: CMG ) five minutes away and give you a coupon for a dollar off a burrito. Those advertisers with promoted pins will be at the top of the search stack, too. According to Google ads vice president Jerry Dischler,  A  Promoted Pin  for a restaurant or gas station would convince someone to stop to eat. 

The  pins  aren t personalized for the initial rollout. But this is Alphabet we re talking about. The same deep reach it has into our emails, pictures and search habits, it has for Maps   and rest assured that they ll be tailored to our own preferences soon enough. You ll get offers for certain restaurants and stores based on your habits.

That s when the real money will roll in for Google.

Next Page Alphabet Pixel VS Huawei Honor 8: Which Smartphone Should You Buy Published By: Ken Bock on November 18, 2016 01:28 pm EST

If you are looking for a top-notch smartphone, then you should definitely consider giving Alphabet Inc.'s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Pixel and Huawei Honor 8 a close look. Both flagship smartphones come with a premium design and high-end specifications. Here is a quick comparison of the two smartphones with a definite conclusion regarding which smartphone you should get.

Google Pixel:

The new Pixel comes with a polished glass and metallic back which gives the device a premium look and feel. The device sports a stunning 5.0-inch AMOLED display which provides a Full HD resolution worth 1920 x 1080 pixels.

Google has implemented the processing power of the latest Qualcomm Snapdragon 821 quad-core processor in its latest flagship smartphone devices, which is designed to perform 10% faster than the previous-generation Snapdragon 820 processor. The device packs an Adreno 530 GPU which provides some serious graphics for the search giant s new smartphone.

The smartphone runs on a 4GB RAM which is backed by either 32GB or 128GB of internal memory. Both Pixel smartphones are powered by the latest Android Nougat Operating system. Furthermore, Google has incorporated a 12.3MP back camera in its new PIxel smartphones which are designed to capture some of the best images seen on a smartphone device. The Google Pixel is currently going for $650 which might be a bit steep for some customers.

Huawei Honor 8:

Huawei s reputation in the smartphone market is growing at a considerable rate, especially after Google assigned the company to manufacture its previous-generation Nexus 6P. The Honor 8 is the latest flagship device in Huawei s arsenal of smartphone devices. The Huawei Honor 8 incorporates an all-glass design which is held together by a metallic frame on the back of the device.

The smartphone sports a 5.2-inch IPS LCD display which offers a Full HD resolution worth 1920 x 1080 pixels. Huawei has incorporated a HiSilicon Kirin 950 Octa-Core processor in its new flagship smartphone device which is backed with an excellent Mali-T880 MP4 GPU. The device comes with a 4GB RAM and internal storage worth 32GB. Unlike its Pixel rival, Huawei has incorporated a SD slot in Honor 8 which allows users to expand the memory in their smartphone device.

The smartphone features two 12MP camera sensors and a 8MP front facing camera. The Honor 8 comes with a finger print scanner which can function as a smart key, allowing users to launch a specific application, turn on the flash and execute a host of other handy features on the smartphone device. Furthermore, the device is powered by an impressive 3,000 mAh battery which is designed to be charged up to 47% in 30 minutes. The retail price for the Huawei Honor 8 is listed at $400.

Verdict:

Based on a cheaper price tag, better battery and more desirable specs, we would suggest that you go for the Huawei Honor 8 instead of Google s  pricy  new smartphone device. Comment and let us know which smartphone device you think is the better option among the two. 
2016-04-12
Alphabet's Google continues innovation, from autonomous vehicles to wind turbines Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) of Mountain View, CA, is an American multinational tech conglomerate, which is probably best known as the parent company of Internet services company Google. The corporation has made waves in recent months with the development of its autonomous car division, which recently began testing the company s self-driving cars in Phoenix, AZ, the fourth American city where Google has tested its autonomous vehicles. The goal of this project is to record driving conditions in the area to improve navigation for future generations of self-driving cars.

Google s online search engine continues to be a major cash cow for the corporation and in India, users can now search for healthcare information including conditions, symptoms and treatment options. In America, Google is expanding its consumer survey division to include political surveys which could create data useful to both political candidates and journalists alike. Elsewhere, the corporation s alternative energy arm is launching a program in Taiwan to roll out an effective energy certification program across the Asian continent. In the Internet of Things, Alphabet has upset some customers through its Nest division by ending support for the Revolv smart home hub which it acquired in October 2014.

Years of innovative prowess have helped Google climb near the top of the standings in the U.S. patent world and in 2015 the company placed 5th overall by obtaining 2,835 patents from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, trailing 4th placed Qualcomm Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) by only 65 U.S. patents. Despite Google s move up the patent standings from its sixth-place showing in 2014, the company actually earned 46 fewer U.S. patents last year. Through the first quarter of 2016, Innography s patent portfolio analysis tools are showing us that Alphabet earned 883 U.S. patents, a quarterly pace of innovation which would see the corporation blow past 3,500 patents if it held up all year. The text cluster provided here shows us a heavy recent research and development focus on computing devices and user interfaces.

Patent Applications of Note: From Autonomous Vehicles Wind Turbines

Alphabet s smart home technologies extend beyond thermostats as is evidenced by the hazard detection device that would be protected by U.S. Patent Application No. 20160078751, entitled Smart-Home Hazard Detector Providing Sensor-Based Device Positioning Guidance. It claims a method for guiding installation of a monitoring device which involves receiving an input command during installation of the monitoring device to test whether an instant placement of the device would prevent the device from operating within specification to detect one or more conditions, implementing a test sequence by the monitoring device to determine whether an instant placement of the device would prevent the device from detecting conditions and outputting a particular notification that the instant placement of the device would prevent it from detecting conditions. This invention is designed for the creation of more intelligent hazard detection networks for smoke, carbon monoxide and other hazards by providing a guide for placing a hazard monitoring device in the best possible location. Greater control over home HVAC systems to improve comfort in individual rooms is described within U.S. Patent Application No. 20160091220, which is titled Wireless Zone Control via Mechanically Adjustable Airflow Elements. It discloses a system for facilitating control of a zone temperature in a building and having a remote unit comprising an input element receiving a user-defined set point temperature, a first wireless communication interface that sends information via wireless signals to an electronically-controllable register vent (ECRV), and the ECRV comprising airflow elements to restrict or ease airflow through the ECRV, a mechanical actuator coupled to the airflow elements to adjust the restriction or easement of the airflow through the ECRV, a second wireless communication interface receiving information from the remote unit and a processor that instructs the mechanical actuator to adjust the airflow elements based on a comparison of the set point temperature to a sensed temperature. This innovation reduces the cost of implementing a zoned HVAC system which gives occupants more control over the temperature of individual rooms.

Safety in autonomous vehicles has been addressed by Google in the technology outlined within U.S. Patent Application No. 20160082953, which is titled Consideration of Risks in Active Sensing for an Autonomous Vehicle. It would protect a computer-implemented method which involves receiving information from sensors of an autonomous vehicle which provide the basis for control operations, determining an information-improvement expectation that corresponds to an active-sensing action performable by the vehicle, determining a risk cost corresponding to the active-sensing action, determining whether or not the risk cost is less than a threshold risk cost corresponding to the information-improvement expectation, initiating the active-sensing action if the risk cost is less than a threshold risk cost and adjusting the active-sensing action if the risk cost is equal to or greater than the threshold risk cost. This system is designed to provide more input to the processing components of an autonomous vehicle for avoiding obstacles while driving.

Alphabet is also seeking to send energy generation devices into the air and we caught a couple of relevant technologies in our latest survey of the corporation s patent applications, including U.S. Patent Application No. 20160052629, entitled Wiring Harness for an Aerial Vehicle. It discloses a method for manufacturing a wiring harness by stripping an insulating layer from a segment of one or more wires, attaching the stripped segment of the wires to a connector, forming a protective layer over a portion of the connector, molding a harness body around the wires and the connector and then removing the protective layer to leave the portion of the connector exposed. This wiring harness for wind energy turbines is designed to take advantage of stronger winds which occur at higher altitudes. Keeping on of those floating wind turbines attached to the Earth is the job of the technology detailed within U.S. Patent Application No. 20160056621, which is titled Tethers for Airborne Wind Turbines. The tether claimed here is comprised of a core, a plurality of electrical conductors wound around the core and comprising two groups of electrical conductors each defining a respective electrical path and located around a respective portion of the core such that a cross-section of each group of electrical conductors define a respective arc around the core, and then a jacket surrounding the plurality of electrical conductors. This tether for an airborne wind turbine allows the turbine to fly at a range of elevations and transmit electrical energy to a ground station.

Alphabet hopes to send its innovations even higher into the air with the system detailed within U.S. Patent Application No. 20160094288, entitled Satellite Constellation. It claims a communication system having a constellation of communication devices orbiting the Earth each having a corresponding orbital path or trajectory with an inclination angle less than 90 degrees but greater than zero degrees with respect to the Earth s equator, the constellation having a first group of communication devices having multiple orbital paths or trajectories at a first altitude and at a first inclination angle and a second group of communication devices having multiple orbital paths or trajectories at a second altitude lower than the first altitude and at a second inclination angle, and then a linking-gateway ground station relaying communications between two communication devices each in a different group and/or a different orbital path. Like the hot air balloon described in Alphabet s  258 patent above, the orbiting communication devices of this invention would be used to increase the percentage of the global community that can connect to the Internet.

Finally, we were intrigued to see a Google innovation in the area of digitized pop-up books discussed within U.S. Patent Application No. 20160059146, filed under the title Media Enhanced Pop-Up Book. The pop-up book claimed here includes physical pages, one or more pop-up pages attached to the physical pages and a pop-up system that causes the pop-up pages to pop up in front of a display of a computing device as the physical pages are turned. This invention is designed to result in a pop-up book with enhanced media through the use of a computing device.

Alphabet s Recent Patents: From Detecting Tailgaters to Hot Air Balloons for Internet Connectivity

Alphabet and its Google division have been gaining a lot of notoriety through its autonomous vehicle development program, some of which has led to the issue of U.S. Patent No. 9290181, which is titled Detecting and Responding to Tailgaters. It protects a method of detecting a second vehicle driving behind and in the same lane as a first vehicle, detecting a third vehicle driving in front and in the same lane as a first vehicle, determining a threshold tailgating value according to a threshold function having a first term dependent on the speed of the first vehicle and a second term independent of that speed, determining whether the second vehicle is within the threshold tailgating distance of the first vehicle, determining a distance value between the threshold tailgating distance and a difference between the locations of the first and second vehicles and adjusting a difference between the first vehicle and the third vehicle based on the difference in distance. This technology improves safety and comfort in autonomous vehicles which may be disrupted for passengers by tailgaters following too close behind a vehicle. Methods for directing drivers to parking facility entrances closest to available parking space are at the center of U.S. Patent No. 9299258, entitled Systems and Methods for Providing Navigational Assistance to a Parking Facility. It claims a method for providing navigational information related to a section of parking determined to a have suitable parking availability, the method involving receiving a request for navigational assistance identifying a geographic location based on the location of a remote computing device user, identifying a plurality of sections of parking based on the geographic location, identifying a first section of available parking among the plurality of sections of parking and sending navigational information to the remote computing device that directs a vehicle to a first entrance corresponding to the first section of parking. This innovation addresses a shortcoming in navigational assistance systems which don t direct users to parking facilities in a way that provides convenient access to available parking.

Alphabet continues to increase development of its Nest connected home technologies and was recently issued U.S. Patent No. 9298196, entitled Energy Efficiency Promoting Schedule Learning Algorithms for Intelligent Thermostat. It claims a thermostat having a housing, a ring-shaped user interface component that tracks a rotational input motion from a user, a controller coupled to the ring-shaped user interface and programmed to be in operative communication with temperature sensors to detect ambient air temperature and an HVAC system to control the HVAC system; the controller is programmed to identify immediate control inputs from a user to immediately change the setpoint temperature, identify whether heating or cooling is required to maintain the setpoint temperature, form a schedule including a set of setpoint temperatures that become effective at predetermined times and automatically reset a setpoint temperature of the schedule to a less energy-consuming temperature. This invention automates some aspects of setting an energy efficient schedule for a home thermostat by seeking patterns in manual changes to the thermostat.

Alphabet s life science engineering subsidiary Verily has added intellectual property to the parent corporation s wearables portfolio as is reflected within U.S. Patent No. 9295403, issued under the title Multipurpose Wearable Electrical Contact. It protects a wearable device having a housing, a rechargeable battery, a mount for mounting the housing to an external body surface, first and second electrical contacts protruding from the housing and contacting skin when mounted to the external body surface and electronics comprising a recharger for the rechargeable battery and powered through the electrical contacts, and then a Galvanic skin resistance (GSR) sensor that obtains a measurement relating to the GSR of the skin, the GSR sensor having a reference voltage source that provides a reference voltage relative to the second electrical contact, a resistor connected between the reference voltage source and the first electrical contact and having a reference resistance, and then a voltage sensor coupled to the first electrical contact for sensing a voltage between both electrical contacts. This technology can be incorporated into wearable devices for sensing a GSR of a person s skin, which is affected by moisture levels and can indicate activation or inactivation of sweat glands.

Three-dimensional (3D) media content is becoming an R&D focus for major tech firms and Google has increased its position in that sector with the issue of U.S. Patent No. 9294757, which is titled 3-Dimensional Videos of Objects. The method claimed here involves identifying an object to be viewed in a video and associated with a three-dimensional mesh generated based on a plurality of arrays of images of the object which were captured by a plurality of cameras positioned in a semi-spherical layout around the object and stored in a 3D data structure using an arrangement that is based on positions of corresponding cameras of the plurality of cameras, receiving a request to view images of the object from a first viewpoint of multiple viewpoints at a first point in time during playback of the video presenting the object, identifying a first array of images from a first camera positioned in the first viewpoint, identifying a plurality of images with different timestamps which are later than or equal to the first point in time, causing presentation of the object to be continued from the first viewpoint during playback of the video and using the three-dimensional mesh associated with the object to allow a user of a client to interact with a virtual representation of the object during playback of the video. This innovation enables an immersive shopping or digital media experience via portable computing devices.

Hot air balloon area networks seem like a distant fantasy but that s what Alphabet is working towards as readers can see in U.S. Patent No. 9290258, titled Hot Air Balloon with Solar Collector and Heat-Engine-Driven Fuel Cell. The balloon system protected here includes an optically transparent envelope configured for solar greenhouse heating of lift gas within the optically transparent envelope, a bladder inside the optically transparent envelope, a fuel cell system inside the bladder configured to generate electricity and including a supply of hydrogen gas, a supply of oxygen gas and a water reservoir in a bottom portion of the bladder, a reflective solar collector beneath the bladder that concentrates solar energy in a focal region inside the optically transparent envelope and below the bladder and a heat engine configured with a hot side in the focal region of the reflective solar collector and a cold side in the water reservoir and generating power by transferring heat from the hot side to the cold side. The background description section of this patent describes the need for additional infrastructure to improve the reliability of data connectivity for Internet-enabled devices. Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Autopilot vs. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Self-Driving Car ... Published By: Angela Campbell on April 12, 2016 11:53 am EST

While Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google has been struggling with its self-driving car project for years, Tesla Motors Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) is continuously rolling out new autonomous-driving features to ultimately reach full autonomy under the Autopilot program. However, there are several differences in both the companies  programs.

For starters, Google plans to enter the market once the technology is fully developed, while Tesla believes in following a step-by-step approach to manufacturing fully-autonomous vehicles. Secondly, Google is dependent on LiDAR (Light Detecting And Ranging) technology to measure distance, as it lightens up a target via a laser light. Tesla, conversely, believes that the combination of radars and camera should be sufficient to achieve that.

Although Tesla does not report periodic data for its Autopilot program, it did recently told the number of miles its entire fleet has traveled on the autonomous mode. Since Tesla launched the Autopilot program last October, the Model S and the Model X vehicles have covered over 47 million miles on the Autopilot mode. Google s monthly report on its program shows that it has covered 1.5 million miles till March, since the program s inception in 2009.

https://twitter.com/TeslaMotors/status/718845153318834176

When the auto maker revealed the first autonomous-driving features, Elon Musk said that Tesla s cars were adding roughly 1 million miles of data per day, implying that it might be collecting data even when the vehicles were not running on Autopilot mode. Indeed, the tech giant s miles were city miles, compared to highway driving of the Autopilot that gives Tesla a clear edge in terms of accumulating data. Google is lagging behind Tesla in terms of real-world miles; however, it has been adding over 3 million  simulated-miles  per day, without even leaving the lab.

As they use different hardware, the way both the companies collect data is remarkably different. The key difference is that Tesla has over 70,000 vehicles having Autopilot hardware enabled, compared to the 54 prototypes Google has in select locations like Austin, Texas, Kirkland, Washington, and Mountain View, California.

Mr. Musk said last year that he expects to reach full autonomy in approximately two years. On the other hand, Google has not been precise with its timeline, but believes its autonomous vehicles will hit the roads by the end of this decade.

Yesterday, a Model X P90D owner tweeted:  LA to Palo Alto on autopilot via free Superchargers. Future is looking bright. 

For now, Tesla is in a driving position in the self-driving industry, having state-of-the-art technology like auto-steering, auto-lane changing, and Summon mode. With the given time frame, it seems obvious that the auto maker will be the first player to reach the finish line for full-autonomy. The company recently hired some engineers to develop second-generation Autopilot hardware. Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Google Photos on Web Now Features Album Uploading Plus ... Published By: Myrna Salomon on April 12, 2016 11:38 am EST

Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ: GOOG) Google Photos has recently seen the introduction of a couple of new features which would make life easier for the users, by means of faster uploading and new keyboard shortcuts.

Google Photos made the announcement by posting on the official page for the service on Google Plus, where the improvements have been mentioned as to be aiming to make photo management sessions easier as well as faster for all users.

Starting with faster uploads to Google Photos, users will now be able to upload photos to their existing albums right from their computers. Previously, users had to upload their photos, and then select the album where they wanted to put their photos from within a popup.

However, after the latest update, users will now be able to save their photos right on existing albums by selecting new uploads via the  Select from Computer  option from within any album. They will also be able to save some time as they wouldn t have to place their uploaded photos individually in different albums, now uploading directly to the album of their choice.

Next, are the new keyboard shortcuts. A quick search can be initiated by pressing  /  and when editing, pressing  O , which will display the original version of the photo; while users will be able to auto-enhance the photo by simply pressing  A . These are a couple of shortcuts for performing editing operations. Button mapping for actions like download, delete, and show/hide info has also been introduced.

Even if the new button mapping for quick operations could take a little getting used to at first, once you are able to remember them, they should make life a lot easier for you. The option to upload straight to designated albums is another top feature which would definitely make the web version of Google Photos much more desirable. One feature, which seems to be on the wish-list of users, is the ability to mark photos are Favorites. However, there is no word yet whether it is anywhere close to becoming a part of the service or not. 
2016-12-11
Alphabet's Page, Schmidt Said to Attend Trump Tech Meeting President-elect Donald Trump s sit down with technology titans next week will have two marquee attendees: Alphabet Inc. s Larry Page and Eric Schmidt.

Larry Page Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg

Page, chief executive officer of the Google parent company, and Schmidt, the chairman, plan to be at the meeting, a person familiar with the decision said late Friday. The person asked not to be identified because the decisions were not public. An Alphabet spokeswoman did not return a request for comment.

An invitation went out earlier this week from members of Trump s transition team, including venture capitalist Peter Thiel. Oracle Corp. co-CEO Safra Catz, and Cisco Systems Inc. CEO Chuck Robbins have said they plan to attend.

The technology news website Recode reported earlier that Page, Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook and Facebook Inc. Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg will go, along with Intel Corp. CEO Brian Krzanich. Amazon.com Inc. CEO Jeff Bezos has also been invited and is likely to attend, Recode added.

While an agenda was not listed on the invitation, the discussion is expected to touch on issues, including immigration and trade, where Trump s positions during the campaign were opposed by most of the tech industry.

Eric Schmidt Photographer: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg

 Tech was very heavily for Hillary Clinton and that was where they put their money and their algorithms,  Kellyanne Conway, a senior Trump adviser, said on Fox News Channel s  Sunday Morning Futures.   He will be president for all Americans and that includes these important industries. I m glad they re coming. 

Mending Fences

Alphabet has become a major lobbying force in Washington, and has a wide range of national policy interests. Those include taxes on offshore earnings, data encryption, autonomous vehicles, telecommunications spectrum, and health care. Trump has proposed weakening net neutrality rules, a longstanding priority for Google and other internet companies.

The meeting, scheduled for 2 p.m. on Dec. 14, will likely focus on possible repatriation of overseas earnings and corporate tax reform, said Rob Atkinson, president of the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation. But it will primarily be a chance for tech s leaders to find some common ground with an uncertain administration.

 This is something of a mending fences, building bridges kind of meeting,  he said.  The goal may be to get Trump to be somewhat supportive of the tech industry. 

China on Agenda

Atkinson also said the meeting may address China, where several U.S. tech companies have struggled to find a foothold. Google pulled its services from mainland China in 2010 primarily over concerns about censorship.

Schmidt s attendance at the round table is not surprising -- the executive, who was Google CEO when it withdrew from China, is the company s primary political and diplomatic emissary.

Yet Schmidt was also a prominent backer of Clinton, Trump s Democratic competitor. Leaked documents posted online by WikiLeaks revealed e-mails between Schmidt and top Clinton aides about the campaign s strategy, and he was photographed wearing a staff badge at Clinton s headquarters on election night.

Page is more technology visionary than political operative, and he has shied away from public appearances. The gravity of the meeting next week may have forced his hand.

 If Trump calls,  said Atkinson,  if you re a CEO, you go.  Top tech executives to attend Trump summit on Wednesday -Recode NEW YORK Dec 11 Top executives from Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Facebook Inc are among a small group of tech leaders invited to a summit to be held on Wednesday by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, Recode reported, citing sources.

Executives from Microsoft Corp, Intel Corp and Oracle Corp will also be among "a very heady group of less than a dozen, comprising most of the key players in the sector" to attend the summit, Recode said. (on.recode.net/2gqbVbq)

"I plan to tell the president-elect that we are with him and are here to help in any way we can," Oracle Chief Executive Officer Safra Catz told Reuters in an emailed statement.

"If he can reform the tax code, reduce regulation, and negotiate better trade deals, the U.S. technology community will be stronger and more competitive than ever."

Amazon.com Inc CEO and founder Jeff Bezos was also invited and is likely to attend, Recode said citing "numerous" sources with knowledge of the situation.

Facebook, Apple, Microsoft, Amazon and Alphabet did not immediately respond to requests for comment.

An Intel spokeswoman declined to comment.

The gathering will take place Wednesday at Trump Tower in New York City, Recode said. (Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in New York; Editing by Alan Crosby) 
2016-08-26
Alphabet's Nest Wants to Make a 'Citizen-Fueled' Power Plant A Nest Labs Inc. thermostat is displayed during an event in San Francisco, on June 17, 2015.

Alphabet Inc. s Nest Labs is looking to enlist 50,000 Californians in an effort to conserve power and help alleviate potential energy shortages in the state following a massive gas leak that has restricted supplies.

The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter.

Nest, which supplies digital, wireless thermostats, is partnering with Edison International s Southern California Edison utility to get households enrolled in a state-established energy conservation program. The company wants to attract enough customers through next summer to shrink total demand by up to 50 megawatts, about as much as a small natural gas-fired plant produces, Ben Bixby, Nest s director of energy businesses at Nest, said by phone.

"We are building a citizen-fueled clean power plant," he said.

Residents get a bill credit of as much as $125 for participating and are rewarded for conserving. In return, California can count on them to reduce demand on hot days, when power use surges and tests the limits of the region s natural gas and power supplies. The state has warned that a historic leak at a Sempra Energy gas storage well last year and ensuing restrictions on the company s entire storage complex in Southern California may lead to blackouts.

Nest said the program is jointly funded by Southern California Edison and Sempra s Southern California Gas Co. Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Google Duo Achieves 5 Million Downloads on Play Store Published By: Ken Bock on August 26, 2016 08:45 am EST

Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) cross-platform video-calling app Google Duo has been an instant, not to mention a massive success as well, as it has topped the free apps charts on Play Store only a week into its official worldwide launch. Google Duo was announced at the Google I/O 2016 developers conference after which it made its App Store bow on August 16.

Now, after only a week of being available worldwide, Duo has crossed 5 million downloads. This is tremendous success right off the bat for the new app, and it signifies that Google might just have a home-run on its hands in the shape of Duo.

However, Google Duo is nothing out of the blue; it is a video-calling app that allows users on both Android and iOS to have a conversation without the barriers put in place by an app that works on only one of the mobile operating systems. As you might have judged by that last sentence, Google s prime target with Duo is Apple s FaceTime that only allows voice and video-calling between Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS and Mac users.

Apart from that angle, Google Duo is competing against established messaging and communication apps like Microsoft Corporation s (NASDAQ:MSFT) Skype and Facebook Inc. s (NASDAQ:FB) Messenger. When we put that sort of intense competition into perspective, Google Duo s 5 million downloads in just a week seem like an even bigger achievement.

But the question remains: how long would Google be able to sustain that momentum and keep Duo on top of the charts? Especially, after the initial excitement around the app settles down, and users move back to their trusted apps where all their friends already are available. Google Hiring Airbnb Executive Is Latest Step Toward Starting Self-Driving Car ... Google X's Self-Driving Car unit hired Shaun Stewart, a high-level Airbnb executive, in a move that appears to underscores the Alphabet Inc. project's transition from R&D initiative to commercial operation.

Stewart, who was global head of vacation rentals for Airbnb, is now a director for the Google X program.

He arrives in the wake of former chief technology officer Chris Urmson's decision to leave Google earlier this month. Stewart is particularly experienced in the hospitality business as, prior to Airbnb, he was a vice president for sales and operations at TripAdvisor's Jetsetter unit.

Johnny Luu, a spokesman for Google X, confirmed the hiring of Stewart which was reported earlier by Reuters.

Google has been roadtesting robotic vehicles for more than six years, but has yet to outline a clear timetable or plan to turn the well-funded program into a revenue-generating business. The first clear indication that the effort was transitioning to a new phase came in September 2015 with the hiring of John Krafcik as CEO of the self-driving car business, an automotive executive with decades of industry experience.

Earlier this year, Google struck a deal with automaker FCA to get a supply of hybrid Chrysler Pacifica minivans for the next generation of its automated test fleet. On-road evaluations have expanded to four U.S. cities and Google engineers have logged nearly 2 million test miles. The Self-Driving Car unit also opened an automotive development facility in Novi, Michigan, this year, giving it a foothold in the heart of the U.S. auto industry.

Competition has mushroomed in the automated vehicle space since Google launched its effort in 2009.

Major automakers, parts suppliers and a raft of Silicon Valley tech giants are pouring billions of dollars into developing automated driving systems, eyeing the potential for new revenue and the possibility of reducing vehicle collisions.

In July, Tesla's Elon Musk said his company intended to be an industry leader in autonomous vehicle technology and that his engineers were hard at work on a system of the company's own design. Last week, Ford unveiled plans to put a purpose-built, autonomous vehicle into a commercial rideshare program by 2021. That was followed by Uber's announcement that it will let users of its service in Pittsburgh have free rides in prototype Volvo XC90 SUVs equipped with the latest in autonomous driving tech -- and two Uber technicians to ensure everything works properly.

This week NuTonomy, a Cambridge, Massachusetts-based startup, unveiled plans to let riders in Singapore take part in publicly tests of robotic taxis its designed.

Google's Luu declined to elaborate on the scope of Stewart's role within the Self-Driving Car team. Rightside Group signs deal with Google  
2016-09-29
Alphabet Inc.'s Health-Tracking Watch Comes With A New Circular, E-Paper Design Alphabet Inc., the parent company of Google, introduced its very own health-tracking watch last year showing off its squarish design. Now, it looks like the company has ditched that design entirely and will now come with a circular e-paper screen.

A new prototype of the health-tracking watch was recently shown to Antonio Regalado from the MIT Technology Review. Regalado says that the prototype looks like an ordinary brass-colored analog watch that doesn t appear to have any button. The device is supposed to be used by medical researchers to keep track on how their patients are doing by having fast and easy access to data.

Photo: Engadget

The watch is being developed by Verily, a health company which is also a subsidiary of Alphabet. Verily has already built  more than hundreds  of the device, according to the company s chief technical officer Brian Otis. Otis was also the one to show Regalado the watch and give out information on some of its technical aspects.

The watch comes with a white circular display that shows a digital time readout. The screen uses e-ink which is able to use less electricity ensuring a long battery life.  If people are going to wear this you can t charge it every day,  Otis said.  The big push now is low power.  E-ink and e-paper displays are the same technologies being used on Pebble smartwatches and Kindle e-readers, as pointed out by CNET.

Unlike smartwatches and other health trackers, this device isn t really for consumers. The health-tracking watch is being built with medical researchers in mind. It s supposed to be used to monitor patients and potentially predict diseases. Verily is planning to use the device for research projects like a Baseline study which might involve 10,000 to 20,000 people for a large scale testing.

The watch comes with a lot of sensors including the outer ring that's capable of measuring a user s heart electrical rhythm, a heart rate sensor and a motion detector, according to Engadget. There s no word yet on when it will be released and how much it would sell for. 
2016-04-25
Google Or Microsoft? How the mighty have fallen. Coming into their earnings call, Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) were expected to light up the tech sector after IBM (NYSE: IBM) and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) disappointed. But the two have clearly failed to live up to the high expectations and both stocks have been pummeled quite a bit. I have followed both companies for years and until recently considered them almost equally good fodder for long-term investors. I still think Alphabet is a good bet for investors with a three-year investment time frame, but I'm not so sure about Microsoft anymore.

Let's have a look at what went wrong at both companies that leads me to believe Alphabet is a better long-term bet at this point than Microsoft. I have emphasized ''at this point'' because my thoughts are subject to change and I will continue re-examining my investment thesis one quarter after another.

For starters, both stocks have performed quite well over the past 12 months though Alphabet stock has outperformed Microsoft stock by quite a wide margin with gains of 33.6% vs. 20.5%.

Alphabet vs. Microsoft 12-Month Share Returns

Source: CNN Money

But of course that's in the past now.

Google's Woes

I won't delve much into the details of each company's earnings report, but will only take a look at what's dogging both companies. In Google's case that happens to be 1.) Expanding losses by its speculative ''moonshot'' businesses and 2.) Ballooning TAC for Google's distribution partners.

Concerns about rising costs for Google's moonshot projects have dogged the stock for years until quite recently when investors started rewarding Google after the company's declining overall costs tempered those concerns. But those old ghosts have returned to haunt Google. During the last quarter, Google's Other Bets' operating expenses jumped from $733M a year ago to $968M, good for 32% Y/Y growth and almost double Google's top line growth of 17%. Other Bets now account for 6.6% of Google's operating expenses and gobble up close to 5% of the company's revenue despite bringing in just 0.8% to the top line.

To compound matters, only Google Nest, Fiber, and Verily have any revenues to speak off. In any case, the $166M the businesses brought in last quarter is actually much less than what many analysts speculated before Google took the wraps off these speculative projects. Prior to that, some analysts were heard crowing that a business like Fiber could pull in about $1B in revenues as early as 2017. Good luck if Fiber manages to bring in that much two or even three years from now.

Google has in the past been unwavering about its commitment to its moonshot projects and has been adamant that it will keep investing in them, cost concerns by investors be damned. But the latest report shows that the company's hardline stance on the matter is beginning to soften. Who knows maybe Google has finally learned that playing hardball with investors is a mug's game.

Google is reportedly putting up Boston Dynamics for sale, its robotics business that it acquired in 2013, after realizing the business was unlikely to bring in any significant revenues any time in the near future. Part of Google's decision was informed by concerns about the robots' humanoid traits and fears that the company was creating robots to take over human tasks. But much of the reason for the sale is financial. Former Google senior vice president and CEO Larry Page adviser Jonathan Rosenberg reportedly had this to say during one company meeting:

We as a startup of our size cannot spend 30-plus percent of our resources on things that take ten years," and that "there's some time frame that we need to be generating an amount of revenue that covers expenses and (that) needs to be a few years.

Google CFO Ruth Porat said during the earnings call that Google will rationalize its investments where it "had multiple teams developing different approaches to a similar technology.''

If Google was to seriously start evaluating its moonshot projects on account of financial viability, then most, is not all, moonshot projects, including Nest and Verily, would be given the boot. Nest is Google's most successful moonshot project in terms of revenues generated. When Google bought Nest in 2013, it committed to supporting the business with a $500M annual budget for three years, and in return, Nest promised that its key executives would remain onboard for that period.

Nest brought in $340M in 2015, or 76% of total revenue by Other Bets. The actual revenue by Nest is in all likelihood lower than that when you back out revenue by Dropcam, which was acquired shortly after the Nest merger. So Nest is likely still deeply in the red. The saving grace for Nest is that it has solid revenues to show and could be quite close to turning a profit.

Meanwhile, Verily never seems to be free of controversy for long and is currently being rocked by a mass exodus by its top executives. Needless to say, the division has little to show in terms of revenue not to speak of profits.

Google has more than a dozen moonshot projects in total. I don't see the company abandoning its pet projects such as self-driving cars or Google Fiber for that matter whether or not they become profitable in the near future. But some like Verily, Calico, and Project Wing could easily end up being axed if push came to shove.

Source: Tech Insider

Now there is a glimmer of hope since Google is beginning to show a willingness to sell at least some of its cash-draining projects, and these are legion. Needless to say. the resulting cost savings would be very significant without an accompanying hit on the top line.

Now let's turn to Google's ballooning traffic acquisition costs. In all honesty, investor concerns about Google's swelling TAC really is much ado about nothing. Although total TAC increased 13.2% Y/Y (slower than top line growth), TAC as a percentage of Google ad revenue fell from 22% to 21%. Google is increasingly relying on its own sites than distribution sites to drive its top line. Google sites now contribute 79.5% to the top line up from 76.9% a year ago. Network sites account for 70% of overall TAC compared to just 8% by Google sites. In any case, paid clicks grew 29% Y/Y, much faster than TAC growth. As long as these trends hold, which they likely will, then growth in network TAC is unlikely to become a big problem for the company.

Google said that growth in TAC is being driven by an increasing shift to mobile and programmatic advertising. These are secular trends so not much is expected to change here. I'm not sure how programmatic advertising is increasing Google's TAC unless maybe the company is relying heavily on third-party platforms to serve up these automated ads. What I do know is that the shift to programmatic advertising from traditional display ads is taking a hit on all publishers due to the lower ad rates. Marketers though love them due to their better ROI and of course, the lower costs. Big publishers like Google and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) though are generally holding up much better than smaller ones like Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) and LinkedIn (NYSE:LNKD).

Microsoft's woes

Microsoft's troubles are threefold:

Weak PC market that is taking a hit on Windows OEM sales.

Slow transition to the cloud.

Weak hardware segment.

The ongoing weakness in the PC market is old news by now. Analysts have been calling a bottom in the PC market in maybe late 2016 or in 2017. After a multi-year slump, Gartner sees the PC market returning to positive growth territory again in 2017:

Source: Gartner

The PC market has been in a free-fall for six straight years and it's beginning to appear like the much-hyped turnaround might not be coming after all. The last quarter was pretty brutal so we can only hope that Gartner is right this time around

Microsoft's transition from a company that sells on-premise perpetual software licenses to a cloud subscription company is working, but progress is slow, maybe even painfully slow depending on how you cut it. Microsoft's cloud run-rate hit $10B from $9.4B the previous quarter (6.4 % Q/Q growth) despite a blistering 120% growth by Azure. Many investors think that this is something of an anomaly because cloud growth last quarter clocked in at 14.6% Q/Q. In dollar terms, Microsoft's cloud grew $600M during the last quarter. There have been quarters in the past when Q/Q cloud growth has been only $200M. So last quarter was not exceptionally bad.

Source: Business Insider

Microsoft is a large and complex company with many moving parts. Adobe Systems (NASDAQ:ADBE) is perhaps the first traditional software company to complete the move to the cloud. The company managed to pull off the feat in about four years flat primarily because its product portfolio is much lighter than Microsoft's. Adobe now enjoys cloud-like valuations with a P/E ratio about three times what it was before the transition. Microsoft will be lucky to complete a cloud move in anything less than a decade from now. Current cloud run-rate works out to just 11% of Microsoft's revenue so there is still a long way to go.

Finally, I would like to take a look at Microsoft's hardware division, the company's largest revenue segment (43% of revenue). Save for Surface, Microsoft's hardware division is a big thorn in the company's flesh. Microsoft sold just 2.3M Lumia handsets during the last quarter, down 49% Q/Q and 73% Y/Y. Sales decline the previous quarter was from 10.5M units to 4.5M. So this is a death spiral.

Sales of non-Lumia handsets from the Nokia business were 4.5M, down 36% Y/Y so no respite here either. Windows phone revenue has shrunk to $662M so maybe it's now downsized to a point where it cannot affect Microsoft's growth too much and that's a good thing.

But declining console sales certainly can because this is a multibillion-dollar business. Microsoft managed to sell 10M Xbox One consoles the first year after its launch. Recent estimates by Electronic Arts (NASDAQ:EA) put lifetime sale of the console at ~20M units. This implies that it has taken about 18 month to move the next 10M, or 6.7M units a year (33% unit sales decline). In dollar terms, the decline exceeds 40% because Microsoft has been cutting prices. Maybe the console era is over? But then again maybe not. Twice as many Xbox One and PS4 consoles have been sold than their previous generation counterparts so maybe it's too early to conclusively say that era is gone.

Microsoft and Sony (NYSE:SNE) are rumored to be contemplating upgrades to their respective consoles, something people are calling half consoles and dubbed Xbox 1.5 and PS4.5. Gamers are used to receiving big leaps every 6-7 years so they are quite likely to revolt towards this move.

Meanwhile the Surface business is doing great especially after the introduction of Surface Pro 4 and Surface Book. But this is a $1 billion business, which is currently too small to move the needle for the company. Well Surface is neither a tablet nor a laptop so investors can only hope that it will take a life of its own and its growth trajectory will defy that by its cousins. In any case, skinny laptops have been doing well in general. But at a price point more than double that of an iPad, it's doubtful whether this device can really take off. Apple's Air and Pro are currently outselling Surface at an almost 3:1 ratio.

In fact, Microsoft might not be as interested in selling large volumes of Surface devices as much as it is interested in inspiring third-party manufacturers to make more attractive devices and in the process make Windows products more appealing to the consumer.

Conclusion

So where is Microsoft's respite going to come from? The only one I can think of at this point is if the PC market turns around as per projections by some analysts. But I don't think this is something that investors can really count on. What if the market bottoms out and then grows very anemically or worse still stays flat going forward?

In Google's case, it's all about cutting costs, something that is quite achievable and one the company has already started doing. Free cash flow jumped 37% last quarter to $5.2B after a 17% decrease in capex to $2.4B. So the company has already demonstrated that it's capable of trimming some fat under Ruth Porat.

And, interestingly, Google's top line is now almost as big as Microsoft's, yet its growth has been accelerating (revenue growth was 12% a year ago) while Microsoft's has been declining.

At this point, I am willing to bet that Alphabet's stock is a better bet over the next three years than Microsoft's stock.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Alphabet: Not As Bad As It Seems  Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Incubating Its Own Talent In-house Now Published By: Angela Campbell on April 25, 2016 01:30 pm EST

Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) new strategy to stop its talent from leaving for jobs at other companies is quite brilliant. The search giant already has its fingers in an uncountable large number of projects but has now decided that it will incubate ideas by its own employees as a favorable alternative to letting them leave to join competitors.

Google s  Area 120  plan, as it s known within the company, is to foster the entrepreneurs at the company helping them to develop their ideas by providing them everything from funding to support. These entrepreneurs if they choose to leave Google to work on their startups fulltime will have Google s backing as an investor.

The incubator, managed by Don Harrison and Bradley Horowitz has an agenda and that is to stop losses of talented individuals such as Regina Dugan who left her position heading Advanced Technologies and Projects group at Google for Facebook. Google will be giving the employees who opt to get their projects incubated the freedom to work on their projects full time after they succeed at submitting and having their business plans approved. These employees will have the option to take their projects and start up their own companies if they wish.

Google s aim is to foster an atmosphere promoting a sense of freedom for employees to innovate for their own projects instead of working. Google s famous 20 percent strategy which encourages employees to work on their own ideas for one fifth of their time at work has already produced ideas such as Gmail and AdSense. So not only is Google retaining its talent but as an investor it will also be profiting from the success of its employees in their given ventures. There are still some grey areas regarding how much of their job responsibilities employees will have to give time to while being incubated or what it will take for a business plan to be accepted for incubation and when they will be able to opt to walk off to start their own companies. However considering how costly it has been for Google to work on its own ambitious projects it seems that opting to be a supportive investor might be a more cost effective way for the company to drive innovation. 
2016-11-16
Yes, Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Can Defeat Alphabet Inc (GOOG) in Search There s no arguing that the Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ) we have these days is different from the one we had in the first decade of the millennium. The fact that comparisons are being drawn between Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) and Microsoft stock these days   with MSFT actually coming out ahead   is testament to this assertion.

For most people, the fact that Microsoft is switching from being just a software company to designing its own computer hardware as well is the reason Microsoft stock is winning.

The company has reworked its business to become more vertically integrated, building a one-stop shop for the needs of enterprises and consumers. A recent move in that direction is the addition of customer relationship management functionalities that can be assessed through Outlook to the Office 365 SMB plan at no extra cost.

Microsoft execs noted that the Outlook Customer Manager   the name given to the CRM functionality   will be introduced to Office 365 E3 and E5 plans imminently. This makes Microsoft a stronger competitor to salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE: CRM ), to some extent, as it improves the value proposition of Office 365, which was already essential to the operation of several businesses.

In short, Microsoft is working on getting even more ingrained into consumers  lives. The only missing piece of the puzzle is a scalable mobile platform that works almost seamlessly with the Microsoft desktop platform. And there are rumors that the company is working on a Surface Phone due for release sometime in 2017. Microsoft stock holders likely aren t too enthused with MSFT s mobile prospects, as it hasn t had the best luck with mobile in the past, but its Surface brand could be strong enough to pull mobile out of the swamp.

The Battle Between Microsoft and Google

If the missing puzzle that is a coherent mobile platform comes around, and it creates an integrated MSFT ecosystem, Microsoft stock investors should expect a serious battle between Bing and Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) Google Search.

Microsoft execs hinted at this (albeit without mentioning Google) during the recent Bing Ads Next event. Rik van der Kooi, corporate vice president of Microsoft Search Advertising, referred to Bing as an  intelligence fabric  that has been embedded into Windows 10, Cortana, Xbox and other products, including Hololens. He went on to say the future Bing will be personal, pervasive and offer a personal experience so much that it  might not be obvious users are even interacting with the search engine. 

An example of interacting with search engine without knowing it would be doing a product search on Hololens in which the user tests how a couch looks in their living room. Another example would be asking Cortana questions and getting what you need without actually launching the Bing search box. According to Kooi, Microsoft is working on these aspects.

Next Page Better Buy: GoPro, Inc. vs. Alphabet In March, I explored the merits of buying shares of two very different companies, GoPro, Inc. (NASDAQ:GPRO) and Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

More specifically, I wanted to know which was the better buy. On one hand was Alphabet, the $250 billion holding company whose business is primarily driven by the world's undisputed leader in internet search. And on the other hand was GoPro, an action-camera specialist with a market capitalization of less than $2 billion at the time -- thanks to a precipitous decline in its share price as demand for its cameras had waned -- but which also looked forward to a potential turnaround with impending launches of crucial new products including its Hero 5 cameras and Karma quadcopter.

A tale of two growth stories

While I admitted at the time the prospect of owning GoPro was enticing given its great potential for outsized growth, I settled on Alphabet as the better buy due to the combination of its relative stability and financial fortitude, as well as the growth potential for its still-unprofitable "Other Bets" segment. More specifically, I wrote that Alphabet's "stability, superior growth, and global market leadership are too great to ignore, and for me this becomes more a core stock around which investors can build a portfolio."

For perspective, here's how shares of GoPro and Alphabet have fared since I last compared the two:

Alphabet's relative stability is obvious, but it still only resulted in modest 2% gains since my last article. Meanwhile, GoPro has taken investors on a roller-coaster ride in recent months, climbing as much as 40% over the same period only to find its stock down more than 15% as of this writing.

So let's see what happened between then and now. And more importantly, let's see if it changes my original decision.

GoPro's dilemma

First, GoPro stock obviously appeared to be the superior bet as late as last month. The company had left investors giddy after the formal introduction of two new Hero 5 cameras and its new Karma drone in mid-September. And both products were made available in retail stores by the end of October. In addition, thanks to management's comments regarding full teams working on "future products that'll be pretty incredible," I was looking forward to seeing how GoPro would improve on the first version of Karma with key features down the road.

When GoPro's third-quarter report arrived earlier this month, however, things took a drastic turn for the worse as quarterly revenue plunged nearly 40% year over year and translated to an adjusted net loss of more than $84 million -- both figures coming in significantly below expectations. To blame, according to CEO Nick Woodman, were production issues resulting in lower-than-expected launch volumes for Karma and the high-end Hero 5 Black camera.

Worse yet, Woodman warned GoPro would have difficulty catching up to meet demand in the crucial holiday season, which could deprive the company of badly needed financial breathing room amid it turnaround efforts. And even worse still, a few days after its quarterly report GoPro recalled all 2,500 Karma drones sold since launch, stating a very small number of those units were reported to have unexpectedly lost power during flight. GoPro is not offering replacement units, either, as it works to identify the problem.

As it stands, though GoPro was wise to nip the Karma issue in the bud with a prompt recall, it won't do the company any favors in its quest to return to sustained, profitable growth.

More of the same from Alphabet

Meanwhile, Alphabet stock seems to be stuck in neutral despite the internet search titan posting three consecutive strong quarterly reports in April, July, and late last month.

But that's not to say Alphabet isn't trying to reward shareholders in the meantime. In its most recent quarter, revenue climbed 20.2%, to a stunning $22.45 billion, including a 3% headwind from foreign exchange. That resulted in 24.2% growth in adjusted operating income, to $7.6 billion, while adjusted net income climbed 24%, to $6.3 billion -- with each figure arriving well above Wall Street's expectations. Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat credited their outperformance largely to strength in mobile search and video from YouTube, which are together powering Google's core advertising business forward.

As if that wasn't enough, Alphabet completed all share repurchases under its previous authorization in the second quarter, then authorized a new repurchase program of up to $7,019,340,976.83 in shares. In case you're wondering about the specific number, it's a delightful math joke: 7019.34097683 is equal to 26 (the number of letters in the alphabet) to the power of e, an important mathematical constant.

Finally, Alphabet's Other Bets segment -- which includes Fiber high-speed internet, Nest connected home products, Verily longevity solutions, Calico life sciences products, and X "moonshot" initiatives -- saw its revenue continue to climb (up almost 40%, to $197 million), and its operating loss narrow significantly (from $980 million to $865 million) from the same year-ago period.

That's not to say Other Bets will continue along this same trajectory from quarter to quarter. Alphabet management regularly reminds investors the most "instructive" way to view them is through a long-term lens, as they're primarily comprised of pre-revenue businesses spread across several disparate industries. But if even one of Alphabet's Other Bets can garner the same industry leadership and traction as its core search and advertising platform already has, these near-term losses will prove more than worth its while.

The verdict

In fact, I could find almost nothing not to like in each of Alphabet's three quarters following my last "better buy" article. So if it's not already obvious at this point, I'm sticking to my guns -- and in an even more definitive fashion than last time -- in declaring Alphabet stock the superior portfolio option over GoPro.

Again, however, I'll admit that if GoPro manages to right its wrongs (particularly if it's underpromising for the key holiday quarter), there could be room for massive upside as the market responds in kind. But if the company doesn't pull out of its funk and resolve its production issues in time, GoPro stock could also easily continue to fall. As such, I'm much more confident in betting that Alphabet stock will achieve market-beating gains going forward. Alphabet Inc Announces Machine Learning Cloud Computing Platform Published By: Ken Bock on November 16, 2016 02:41 pm EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently held an event during which the company s management announced the opening of a new Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence based Cloud Computing Group. Google aims to make a smart cloud that has the capabilities of learning different patterns and mechanisms in order to facilitate the customers. The announcement of a separate group entirely dedicated to integrating Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence algorithms into the company s cloud business will accelerate the merger of two technologies.

The head of Google Enterprise and Cloud business, Ms. Diane Greene, made the announcement in the latest press conference. The purpose of the group will be to come up with strategies and products to enhance the cloud experience of Google s customers and provide them with Machine Learning and Artificial Intelligence functionality for the cost of ordinary cloud. Baird analyst Colin Sebastian believes that this development could shift the balance of the cloud industry and help Google gain valuable market share against Amazon and other major cloud computing platforms.

The products that will be delivered by the group will be readily available to all Google Cloud customers, said Ms. Greene. Mr. Sebastian believes that this changes the whole scenario surrounding Google s cloud business. The company s offerings are gradually growing different to that of its competitors. It is currently the only company to integrate machine learning and artificial intelligence techniques so deeply. It is expected to launch a number of Machine Learning services for its cloud customers which the analyst believes will surely attract a lot of attention.

The analyst reaffirmed Outperform rating and price target of $930. Out of 47 analysts who rated the stock, 20 have put Buy rating, 24 have given Outperform, while 2 and 1 analysts have Hold and Sell ratings, respectively. The stock traded at a price of $763.80 and gained 0.65% since the market open. Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Facebook Inc (FB) & Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Is Donald ... Jeff Bezos, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) CEO had a brief feud with the President-elect before the elections which is now causing some shareholders to worry about the company s growth prospects. During the election campaign, Mr. Bezos expressed his critical views against Donald Trump s policies. Consequently, Mr. Trump retorted to the CEO saying that the company has anti-trust issues and would be scrutinized for its financials once he comes into power. Now that he has been elected as President, Amazon stock has tumbled by more than 8% over the last four days alone.

LMM Chairman and CFO, Bill Miller, was invited today on CNBC Squawk Box to discuss Amazon s recent declines. Mr. Miller highlighted that along with Amazon, other tech stocks including Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) had also declined since before the results came in. In his view, the declines in Amazon, Facebook, and Alphabet s stock are tied to a change in growth outlook which may add to the uncertainty over Trump s presidency.

 Growth is expected to be fast under Trump, and therefore the scarcity of growth will be less,  said Mr. Miller. "And so the biggest growth companies out there like Amazon, Facebook, and Google which were the embodiment of growth   there is more competition now for those dollars," he added.

Mr. Miller does not believe the online retailer has any anti-trust issues. While he thinks the courts would reach a firm conclusion about the allegations, the news brings headline risk for the company, which is feared by many.

Nevertheless, LMM s Miller believes the current weakness in three tech giants has created an attractive entry point for the investors. Amazon is roughly down about 2% since the election, while as of 2:12 PM EST, shares were trading up 3.32% at $742.78 on Tuesday. 
2016-07-18
Earnings Preview: Credit Suisse Bullish On Tech Giants Apple Inc. (AAPL) and ... Credit Suisse analysts are bullish on tech giants Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) ahead of earnings for both. Each analyst predicts long-term growth for each despite recent near-term challenges. Let s take a closer look.

Apple Inc.

Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha foresees tangible fortune ahead for Apple, as the company is scheduled to report earnings on July 26th.

Apple is approximately 10 weeks away from its latest iPhone release, and the stock has historically outperformed the market leading up to iPhone releases.

Garcha cites high retention rates as a leading factor behind his bullish stance on Apple. The analyst finds that  the iPhone SE strength should offset the weakness in the rest of the iPhone portfolio.  Even with a  subdued iPhone cycle for the new few quarters,  Garcha believes  the iPhone business will recover  and then accelerate, predicting  installed base growth, which has grown 80% since 2013, should drive unit growth beginning with the iPhone 7. 

Garcia predicts  modest recovery in iPhone volume in 2017,  pointing to inflated street estimates for the December quarter, sticking to a prediction for a   super-cycle  in 2018. 

The analyst reiterates an Outperform rating for AAPL with a price target of $150.00.

According to TipRanks, Kulbinder Garcha is ranked #336 of 4,060 analysts. He maintains a success rate of 55% on his recommendations and realizes an annual return of 7.3%. When rating AAPL, Garcha maintains a success rate of 47% with an average profit of 8.2%.

TipRanks analytics exhibits AAPL as a Strong Buy with 85% of analysts issuing a Buy rating for the stock, 13% maintaining a Hold rating, and the remaining 2% upholding a Sell rating for shares of AAPL. The consensus target price for AAPL is $123.88, marking a 25% upside from current prices.

Alphabet Inc

Consider this a fantastic time to be an Alphabet Inc investor, as in the eyes of analyst Stephen Ju, Google s second-quarter is set to hand over some advantageous, solid returns. The analyst reiterates his Outperform rating for the stock with a price target of $920.00.

In the climate of Brexit s aftermath, investors remain cautious and guarded; just bracing themselves for whatever bleak upshot awaits. However, Ju believes Brexit-tinted expectations are precisely why this is a green-lit opportunity to buy or supplement stock; the analyst does not expect second quarter to be as shaky as investors fear.

Ju touches on three key factors contributing to his perspective on GOOGL. First, he notes that the monetization gap of mobile and desktop in international markets is continually decreasing, which is further supported by predicted increases in mobile CPCs. Second, the analyst highlights a  larger-than-expected contribution from Google s larger non-search businesses,  such as YouTube and Play. Finally, Ju estimates an increase in shareholder value due to the company s other bets.

According to TipRanks, Stephen Ju is ranked #52 of 4,060 analysts. Ju maintains a success rate of 69% on his recommendations and realizes an average return of 15%. When rating GOOGL, the analyst upholds a success rate of 64% with an average profit of 14%.

GOOGL is rated as a Strong Buy on TipRanks. Currently, all the analysts issue a Buy rating for the stock. The consensus price target for GOOGL is $912.00, marking a 24% upside from current share prices. 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: ARM Holdings plc (ADR) (ARMH), Alphabet Inc ... A recent rally from the S&P 500 and the Dow Jones Industrial Average that has seen the markets set several new records finally blunted on Friday, with the S&P 500 actually declining, and the Dow Jones eking out a mere 10-point gain.

While earnings season will hit a number of sectors on Monday morning, tech is in focus thanks to big news in Arm Holdings plc (ADR) (NASDAQ: ARMH ), Groupon Inc (NASDAQ: GRPN ) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ).

Here s what you need to know:

Arm Holdings plc (ADR) (ARMH)

ARMH shares are shooting higher on Monday amid SoftBank s (OTCMKTS: SFTBF ) confirmed plans to buy out the British semiconductor firm.

Softbank plans to pay $32 billion for the chipmaker, with CEO Masayoshi Son calling ARMH  an excellent strategic fit within the SoftBank group as we invest to capture the very significant opportunities provided by the  Internet of Things.'  ARM s designs are used by a wide number of tech firms, including Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) and Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM ).

While some wondered whether the deal was made because of the Brexit vote hammering down the value of the pound, Son said that while he only first engaged with ARM Holdings just a couple of weeks ago, the Brexit did not affect his decision.

ARMH shares were up 44% in Monday s premarket trade.

Groupon Inc (GRPN)

GRPN is making a strong move itself Monday thanks to an analyst upgrade.

A Piper Jaffray analyst upgraded Groupon stock to  Overweight  on Monday, giving it a price target of $6, which would be a whopping 71% of upside from Friday s closing price.

Samuel J. Kemp says,  While the Street is modeling for Groupon s marketing ramp, it is not accounting for the gross profit generation from newly acquired customers. 

The bullish note continues to praise the company s narrowed focus and  more rigorous financial and operational standards. 

GRPN shares were up 9% before Monday s bell.

Alphabet Inc (GOOG,GOOGL)

Google is reportedly working on the next big thing in augmented reality.

After the company shut down a project to develop an Oculus Rift rival, the tech giant went back to the drawing board and designed a standalone headset that could mix augmented and virtual reality and that could have strong appeal among gadget lovers.

According to The Verge,  It s not clear what that would look like yet, but it could mean the device is closer to Microsoft s HoloLens than something like the Oculus Rift. 

GOOG shares are down 5% YTD, while GOOGL shares have fallen 5.5% YTD.

As of this writing, Karl Utermohlen did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Reportedly Working on Headset That Mixes Augmented ... Published By: Patrick Arruda on July 18, 2016 11:05 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is apparently moving towards making a competitor to the Oculus Rift as well as the HTC Vive s VR ambitions. But according to Engadget s sources, Google might be looking to borrow more from Microsoft Corporation s (NASDAQ:MSFT) HoloLens than originally assumed. The news comes in soon after a report published by Recode that the search engine and advertising giant had essentially scrapped a competing hardware solution to Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) s Oculus Rift Headset.

The move, though not altogether unexpected, indicates that Google, which was pushing towards mobile VR via its Daydream as a lower end solution, harbours significant ambitions beyond simply smartphone-supported mobile VR. Daydream, while it is far higher-end than the entry level cardboard headsets that are now available readily online, is still governed by the same principle of a smartphone powering its VR experience. In fact, Daydream essentially functions as a VR benchmark for Google s Android OS and comparable VR experiences.

Given that Google has openly dismissed existing smartphones and platforms as  Daydream ready  raises significant amounts of questions about the kinds of power requirements that will accompany Daydream when it is ready for consumption. Given that it is still expected to maintain a low sticker price for the headset and similar design principles for the Google Cardboard which relies completely on the smartphone, many consumers and industry insiders are essentially dubbing it the Cardboard 2.0

According to Engadget, Google has been significantly more ambitious behind closed doors and is working on a headset that could very well merge Virtual Reality (VR) and Augmented Reality (AR) into a neat package, which will not require an accompanying smartphone or computer to function unlike modern-day solutions. According to the sources, Daydream, while an important step at regulating VR experiences for mobile devices, is far from a complete solution that Google currently envisages. It must be noted that this is hardly an isolated incident.

The Wall Street Journal ran a similar story in February which alleged that a headset with outward-facing cameras and a motion co-processor would be used in Google s alleged VR headset. Given that Google s investment in Magic Leap, a  mixed reality  startup is hardly a co-incidence, one could consider the potential ramifications of such a headset fast becoming reality. That being said, it must be noted that while VR is an expensive affair with a VR compatible setup easily running up costs to a region of $1500-2000 for the average user, a comparable AR venture, the Microsoft HoloLens, fetches an impressive $3,000 for an as of yet unfinished hardware solution.

This is something that raises the question of whether is expected to be anywhere close to mainstream at launch. This might essentially serve as Google s higher end, standalone product even as Project Daydream provides entry-level VR experiences to users. Given that Google is not willing to comment on any rumours or speculation surrounding this project, one cannot be sure if Google has scrapped a VR project or is adding to it over time. 
2016-05-05
Alphabet Inc Getting More Serious About Hardware Is A Smart Move Google has hired former Motorola president to head a brand new hardware unit at the company.

Google is trying to unify its diverse hardware offerings under one umbrella to help it integrate them more tightly into its ecosystem.

This might help Google expand its hardware footprint and stop relying too heavily on Apple to drive its mobile fortunes.

At its core Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) has always been a software/ad company while hardware had always remained on the fringes. Google does have some hardware footprint including smart home devices courtesy of its Nest Labs and Dropcam acquisitions, Chromebooks, and Nexus smartphones. But unlike Microsoft, Google does not make the hardware directly. In any case, Google's direct hardware sales really are a drop in the proverbial bucket--Nest Labs brought in $340M, or less than 1% of the company's revenue, in 2015. Google does not share details of revenue from Nexus phones and Chromebooks.

Also read: Should Investors Buy Alphabet Inc After Its Earnings Miss?

In contrast, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), one of the largest software companies in the world, has more than 40% of its revenue coming from hardware ranging from consoles and smartphones to laptops and virtual reality devices. Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer famously predicted that Microsoft would become a major hardware company in the future--and he was right. Microsoft's Xbox gaming consoles and Surface devices are among the best-selling in their product category while HoloLens VR devices promise to become a hit.

But Google now plans to change its approach to hardware. The company has reportedly hired former Motorola president Nick Osterloh to head a brand new hardware division at Google. Osterloh's job description involves unifying diverse Google hardware products including its flagship Nexus phones as well as trying to revamp the failed Google Glass. The new hardware division had never before existed at the company. Google currently only oversees the design, development and marketing of Nexus phones but relies on smartphone OEMs including Huawei, HTC, and LG to do the actual manufacturing.

But Google is now looking to adopt an Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL)-like strategy where it adopts a hands-on approach to its hardware and takes a more end-to-end control of the product chain. For instance by taking more control over Nexus, Google can try to make the smartphone identifiable with its brand just like iPhone is synonymous with Apple. With its own smartphone, Google could be in a better position to entice people to use services such as search and Maps more, and reduce its reliance on Apple to drive its mobile revenue.

Also read: Alphabet Inc Brings VR Video Closer To Reality On Youtube

Google certainly relies a bit too heavily on Apple devices to drive its mobile top line. Goldman Sachs estimates that close to 75% of Google's mobile search revenue can be traced back to Apple devices including iPhones and iPads. By integrating Nexus more tightly with its own ecosystem, Google would have a better chance to gain more control on its mobile revenues. Google currently uses Nexus phones as the flag bearer of the company's innovation for Android. Nexus is regarded as a pure Android smartphone with no software tweaks from manufacturers. Google has mostly used the phone as an experimental platform to learn what people want in their Android phones.

Microsoft does the same with Surface since it tries to use the skinny laptop as the standard for Window laptops and as an inspiration to third-party OEMs to encourage them to make more attractive Windows devices. But unlike Google, Microsoft has now managed to build Surface into a $1B+/quarter business. There is really no good reason why Google cannot achieve the same with something like Chromebooks.

In any case, this could be Google's chance to build a successful business outside its core search business. Most of Google's moonshot projects have failed to really take off as hoped, despite gobbling up huge sums of R&D cash. It will probably be easier for Google to build a successful laptop/smartphone hardware business than it will be to make money from its speculative projects.

Investor Takeaway

Google has never developed a proper hardware footprint. But this could change once the company tries to unify its hardware products under a single unit. This could help Google to stop relying too heavily on Apple devices for its mobile search business and Google might even succeed in building a thriving hardware business. Millions Of Email Addresses Hacked Affecting Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ ... A Reuters report revealed that more than 250 million usernames and passwords for emails have been breached. Most affected email addresses were served by Russia s popular Mail.ru and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO). According to the report, these accounts are being used by Russia s criminal underworld as stated by Hold Security`s Alex Holden.

Mail.ru was hit hard by the breach

Holden said that his company realized that a Russian hacker was claiming to possess more than one billion hacked email addresses, and he was ready to sell them. After eliminating the duplicated emails, the hacker s list included 33 million Hotmail addresses, 57 million Mail.ru addresses, 24 million Gmail addresses, and 40 million Yahoo addresses.

Apart from the email addresses listed above, the hacker had thousands of other email addresses from Chinese and German servers.

Holden told Reuters the information that the Russian hacker was holding was potent. He also added that this data is floating underground, and the hacker has already shown willingness to sell it.

A Microsoft spokesman said that it is unfortunate that there are places on the internet where stolen or leaked confidential information can be posted. He further said that if someone notifies Microsoft about such platforms or the company comes across them, it will act to protect its customers. Also, the company has security measures in place to ensure that any attempt to compromise an account is detected.

Alphabet s spokesman said that the company was unable to comment about the abuse. However, it was clarified that Google addresses abuse as quickly as possible.

This data breach is the latest in a list of recent large scale incidents. Data for more than 100 million people was stolen from nine companies last year, including News Corp (NASDAQ:NWSA) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM).

The United States federal government was also hit by massive data breaches. In 2015, hackers accessed personal data for tens of thousands of employees from the Office of Personnel Management. Also, earlier this year, 30,000 FBI and Department of Homeland Security employees  data was breached.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Alphabet Inc - Big data breaches found at major email services -expert - Reuters News  
2016-08-10
Why Alphabet, Facebook will be very, very different in 10 years While the search engine Google continues to be a large portion of the company, Squali noted that the nonsearch business is also growing significantly. This includes such initiatives as YouTube and its DoubleClick Bid Manager for advertisers.

Squali estimated that nonsearch already represents a $10 billion portion of the business that did not exist six years ago.

He added that Google is in a very unique position compared to companies like Microsoft. If a customer is not happy with using the Google search engine, they can simply switch to a competitor like Yahoo or Bing with no effective cost to the customer. However, that is not true for a piece of Microsoft software, he said.

Media analyst James Dix of Wedbush Securities also questioned whether Alphabet's growth will be sustainable for the future.

"With Alphabet you have a company which is 90 percent market share in mobile search. That is a great place to be right now. But in 10 years, what's mobile search going to look like?" Dix asked on "Power Lunch."

With the first half of 2016 in the rearview mirror, investors are now on the hunt for growth. This was evident in the signs of rotation as the metals, financial and technology segments have become the new leaders of the market, and utilities, telecom and consumer staples have lagged. Alphabet was up almost 4 percent for the year as of Wednesday.

What stood out to Squali about recent earnings for Alphabet, Amazon and Facebook, was that the growth rate of these technology giants has accelerated in the last couple of quarters.

"That is very unusual for companies to dominate their space," he said. 
2016-12-10
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Gives Out Charity Gift Cards to Employees Published By: Ken Bock on December 10, 2016 07:59 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has lifted Holiday spirits up by giving its employees charity gift cards, which they can enjoy this time. This is not the first time Google employees have received something from its employer, they have received 70,000 Nexus phones, smart watches and chromebooks in the past. It is time to join the tech giant and get these awesome perks. It sure does know how to keep its workers happy, although, the same cannot be said for all tech companies.

It has now become a tradition for the company to give out the latest products to employees each year, workers expected the amazing Pixel Smartphone this year. But this time, the employees received an email that informed them that this year will be a donation to charity. The tech giant has donated approximately $30 million worth of products to schools on behalf of its workers. This holiday season, the workers will be able to learn the art of simply giving.

The donations might not be a cost efficient move for Alphabet, but it does indicate a change in the company s culture and changes with the new CFO, Ruth Porat. No gadgets, but gift cards were received by employees this holiday season. It cost the company the same amount of money it would have if they had received the latest products. The tech giant is in the process of learning what financial discipline is and how it should be practiced. Rate TV Shows and Movies Within Google Search Results Now Published By: Ken Bock on December 10, 2016 08:05 am EST

Users can now rate TV shows and movies within Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google search results, an experiment rolled out by the tech company. The confirmation has been made by the that this is just an experiment but no other details were given out. This tool will make it easier for users to not just rate movies but attain results of what is trending instead of going anywhere else for ratings.

Users will witness this once they search a movie in the search engine, a thumbs up and a thumbs downs icon. The user can click on either of these icons if they wish to and rate the movie they've seen and what they think about it. This will enable other users to know and even save time as to what they should watch and what is trending instead of going to other websites to get ratings.

A spokesperson for the search engine giant confirmed that this was only an experimental feature and that the company has no further details regarding the matter as yet. For now, this feature is limited to the option of a like or dislike, instead of the traditional five stars that are seen for ratings. The search engine is no longer a tool to get the best results possible but will even give users recommendations; all kinds of information can be found.

The like and the dislike option is not the only thing that will be seen, but rating results from Rotten Tomatoes and IMBD will also show in the search. This means users are not losing anything in this experiment but gaining more information. For now, this feature is only a test but it is safe to say that it can be expected to show up in the search results permanently in the coming months hopefully. 
2016-08-12
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Google Fined $6.75 Million By Russia For Pre-Installing ... Published By: Ken Bock on August 12, 2016 09:04 am EST

Tech giant Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been fined $6.75 million in Russia reagarding an antitrust clause that lets smartphones manufacturers pre-install apps on their devices. Android devices are by far the most used devices in Russia and this led local search engine rival, Yandex, to file a complaint against Google for abusing its position.

The fine, however, is a small amount for Google, as Recode reports that the search engine giant makes more money than that in an hour. The decision by Russian authorities, on the other hand, shows that Google is still despised in most European countries as the search giant continues to try to establish a stronghold in the region.

Google has been under fire over the last few months from the European Union, which also has similar claims. The EU claims that one of the antitrust claims filed by the union speaks against how Google has abused its position and forced Android manufacturers to install the company s services on their devices.

Google is still losing out to Yandex in Russia, as the local search giant has 60% of the total market. However, with users switching to mobile, Yandex is worried that it might just lose out in its race against the company.

Google isn t the only company that is coming under fire from Russian authorities. Russian antitrust watchdog, the FSA recently stated that it is investigating Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) as it is believed that the company is resposnbile for price-fixing for the company s latest iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. The claim states that the price for the new iPhone stayed the same for a long time through Apple and sixteen other retailers within the country. The agency was also quoted as saying: "The FAS believes that such a coincidence could be the result of a coordination of the pricing of Russian resellers by the Apple group of companies." 
2016-03-02
Google Stock: This Is Why Alphabet Inc Is a Top Pick for 2016 By Jing Pan, B.Sc, MA Published : March 2, 2016

If you are using the Internet, you know that Google is not just an option it s a necessity. So it should come as no surprise that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock is having a giant bull run. The neat thing is that the climb might not be over just yet. There are a few catalysts that could send Google stock a lot higher in 2016.

Google s Core Search Going Strong

While Google s new name, Alphabet, seems to be less associated with the company s search engine, it cannot be denied that search is still the bread and butter of Google s business. And that s not really a bad thing.

In the search engine game, Google is the undisputed king. Since its introduction back in 1997, Google search has defeated every opponent that came in its way.

According to the latest comScore report,  Google Sites  captured a massive 63.8% of the U.S. core search market in January 2016.  Microsoft Sites  came in a distant second with 12.4% share, while  Yahoo! Sites  had 12.4%. (Source:  comScore Releases January 2016 U.S. Desktop Search Engine Rankings,  comScore, February 15, 2016.)

The neat thing about the search engine business is that there s something called the  network effect.  To put it simply, the more people using the product or service, the better it becomes.

For search engines, the one with the largest market share can provide the deepest and most contextualized search results. That s why, as a market leader, Google s future success in this segment is almost guaranteed. Moreover, this means the momentum in its advertising business could very well continue.

Google s most recent earnings report suggested that despite being the market leader, the company can still outgrow its competitors. In the fourth quarter of 2015, Google s advertising revenue increased 17% year-over-year to $19.08 billion. (Source:  Alphabet Announces Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2015 Results,  Alphabet Inc, February 1, 2016.)

Moonshot Projects

Let s admit that moonshot projects are always costly. And it s no exception at Google. But you know what? Investors love moonshot projects, because if some of them turn out to be successful, the company could be making the next big thing.

For instance, Google is working on self-driving cars. In fact, the company is moving much faster than some of the other tech giants in this business. Its driverless cars have been roaming the streets of San Francisco for some time now.

Moreover, Google is building the groundwork for fiber Internet, meaning it could be competing against industry giants like Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) and AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T).  Google Fiber  delivers Internet speeds of up to one gigabit per second. The service is already available in four metropolitan areas and could be expanding to seven more, including San Francisco. (Source:  Expansion Plans,  Google Fiber, last accessed March 1, 2016.)

The Bottom Line on GOOG Stock

Investors like companies with a wide economic moat. For Google, that moat comes from its core search business. Moreover, the company is working on quite a few moonshot projects that could become huge catalysts for Google stock in the future.

It s safe to say that the outlook for Google stock is as bright as ever. Pentagon Recruits Former Google CEO to Lead 'Innovation Board' Alphabet Inc. Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt // Credit: wikicommons

Eric Schmidt, the former CEO of Google (GOOG) and current chairman of Google's parent company Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL.O), will head the Pentagon's new Innovation Board, Reuters reports. Defense secretary Ashton Carter made the announcement Wednesday morning.

The board aims to form relationships with innovative West Coast companies that can in turn facilitate the acquisition of new technologies and services for the U.S. Military. Much of the details concerning the board, including its composition and longterm goals, are not worked out yet, according to Reuters.

Carter is expected to reveal more details about the new Defense Innovation Advisory Board led by Schmidt at the RSA Conference in San Francisco which is perhaps the most popular and influential, yearly corporate cybersecurity conference later this week.

The board will be made up of 12 individuals selected by Schmidt and Carter. And these board members, according to a statement provided by the Pentagon, will bring experience leading large private and public organizations that consistently identified and acquired emerging technologies to accelerate growth. In short, it appears that the innovation board will be held by a common mission: bridging the U.S. technology industry, or more specifically the nation's innovation hub, to the U.S. military.

Carter hopes the board will make the Pentagon more nimble and capable of recognizing defense-related technology trends. By doing so, the Pentagon will, at least in theory, be able to pick up on developments and then purchase the products needed to run future operations.

"[Innovation Board] Members will draw on their experience in Silicon Valley to advise on rapid prototyping, iterative product development, complex data analysis, the use of mobile and cloud applications and organizational information sharing," Reuters reports. 
2016-04-15
Google's Parent Company Alphabet Wants to Build a New City From the Ground Up New York. Portland. San Francisco. Seattle. The debate rages on about the most innovative city in America. But if Google parent company Alphabet has its way, there soon may be a new contender.

Sidewalk Labs, which Google created last June and has since spun off as a subsidiary--is reportedly scouting locations to build an entire city, a highly connected utopia that will make the aforementioned cities look obsolete. Think: self-driving cars, high-speed Wi-Fi, internet of things-enabled everything.

According to The Information, the Denver and Detroit areas, so far, look like the frontrunners. Sidewalk Labs has consulted with more than 100 urban planning experts and forward thinkers, such as Anthony Townsend, research director of Institute for the Future. Sidewalk Labs already has some heavy-hitting city planners in its own ranks, including its CEO, Dan Doctoroff, a former New York City deputy mayor.

Google created Sidewalk Labs to confront the problems plaguing cities: traffic congestion, pollution, lack of public transportation, limited connectivity, to name a few. Its mission statement is to "accelerate innovation in cities around the world." What could that mean? Maybe a city with exclusively self-driving cars, clean energy sources, world-class transit hubs, and high-speed wireless, for starters.

The plan would tie in well with the massive Google Fiber project the company has hinted at more and more recently, which potentially will create a new broadband provider to compete with Goliaths like AT&T and Verizon.

Sidewalk Labs' first project was to help convert New York City's outdated phone booths into touchscreen internet browsers that provide Wi-Fi in a 150-foot radius--not exactly world-changing, but a good start. The venture, known as LinkNYC, could be a small glimpse into what sort of innovations Sidewalk Labs wants to bring to already existing urban areas.

If built (and if successful), the still unnamed metropolis--Alphabet City, anyone?--could serve as a model for other cities as to how to introduce technology into highly populated areas.

Denver and Detroit are interesting picks--one is growing steadily and at the forefront of one of the country's most progressive new industries; the other recently saw its population plummet by 25 percent in one decade. Wherever Alphabet chooses, it's hard to imagine any startup wouldn't want to settle down in a city that exists solely to drive innovation. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Tests Its High-Speed Broadband Service In Kansas City Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is preparing to test out its new high-speed broadband antennas in Kansas City.

The antennas are part of the company s new Google Fiber approach where it aims to bring its fiber internet service directly to homes through its latest technology. The tech firm plans to install powerful wireless antennas on utility poles and streetlight poles which will act as terminals for the fiber cables. The antennas will then deliver strong wireless signals throughout the city meaning it will be accessible to people s mobile devices in the city. The signal is expected to be strong enough to reach homes.

Click Here For More Market Exclusive Updates & Analysis

Google launched its superfast internet service in Kansas City four years ago, and the new initiative will be a good opportunity to test out the service. The firm has to receive approval from the city council before commencing with the plans. Once the authorization is given, the company will set up the antenna poles for testing. Some of the areas where the antennas will be situated include Waldo, the Country Club Plaza, and the downtown area.

Residents of the city stated that they are open to the idea of having WiFi available throughout the city. If the tests prove to be a success, it will be advantageous for the company because Google will make its strong internet service present in dense areas without having to install fiber cables. The company claims that installing fiber cables in some of these areas is next to impossible, and the cost implications are too high. The success of the antenna technology will thus provide a better solution for the firm.

Although there is a lot of excitement among the residents of the city, the company has announced that members of the public will not gain access until the company finishes the tests. The antennas will also be mounted temporarily during the test period because the company is expected to pay a fee to have them on the utility poles.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-08-17
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Why Does the World Hate Google? Since before its existence as a publicly traded company, Alphabet Inc ( GOOGL , GOOG ) has had to fend off waves of antitrust accusations and charges of intellectual property violations, invasion of privacy and a myriad of other issues. GOOGL s legal department expanded to nearly 100 lawyers in its first five years, and by 2014 had around 400 lawyers.

The question, though, is why does the world seem to hunt Google?

Obviously, a company as large as Google, which has a hand in countless aspects of the technology arena across the globe, is more likely to be the target of lawsuits simply because of its involvement there. That s the easy explanation, but is there something more?

Don t Be Evil

From early 2000 to late 2015 (when Google officially became Alphabet), the company s corporate motto was simple: Don t be evil.

Now, there are sure to be hoards of people who will   quite vehemently no doubt   argue that Google is evil, and cite evidence to defend that claim. But, if you were to exclude all the people who claim Google is evil simply because they didn t get what they wanted from a product or service, or didn t receive customer support that was as comprehensive as they wanted, or those people who are just plain crazy, what would you really have left? How many viable, plausible instances could there be where evidence exists demonstrating that Google acted with blatant malicious intent to harm a person?

You know   actual evil.

Personally, I don t think Google is evil. I m not saying the company has never behaved in a manner that s morally questionable, or never made decisions that (in hindsight) were probably not the wisest choices. But, overall as a corporation, Google has demonstrated significantly more benevolence than malevolence.

GOOGL Is Not Big Brother

I think there s a semi-unconscious global social resistance to, and fear of, extremely large corporations, particularly those that handle personal information. Think of George Orwell s 1984 in modern times, or the movie Equilibrium with Christian Bale.

People are, quite understandably, frightened of companies or organizations that possess enormous amounts of confidential data. In today s day and age, Google is equated with Big Brother, a metaphor strengthened by discoveries of Google s interactions with our own government s secret agencies.

While Orwellian scenarios are perhaps a bit extreme, I think they accurately represent society s innate distrust and apprehension. Just think about it   in a worst-case scenario, 50 years from now Google could be the world s Big Brother equivalent. Even though there s no indisputable evidence suggesting that such intentions exist, the mere possibility is frightening to the average person.

Couple that with the Snowden-esque whistleblowers and WikiLeaks reveals showing how our government, and others, has been invading citizens  privacy, it s only natural for people to want to limit the power of companies like Google.

Surviving Within a Society Built on Distrust

We, as Americans, enjoy a plethora of civil liberties that citizens in many other countries cannot. Some Asian and Middle Eastern nations are prime examples of limited freedoms, as government oversight has a stranglehold on the populace. Consider the socio-cultural history of those regions and their track record of extreme censorship and information control.

For example, Chinese and North Korean people have been suffering under the stifling grip of absurdly tyrannical leadership determined to maintain total control over the dissemination of information. Companies like Google have endeavored to increase freedom of, and access to, information across the globe, which is why there s such a firm resistance from the governments of those Asian nations. Google represents freedom, education and independent opinions, which is completely opposite what the leadership there wants.

This, specifically, is why Google is perceived as dangerous, and is the basis for blocking or restricting access in those parts of the world.

Leaders there continually target GOOGL because the company s American values are ingrained into its products and services, and those values must not be allowed to reach the general public for fear of inciting anti-government sentiment.

As of this writing, Greg Gambone did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google Duo App Targets FaceTime, Skype Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL ) FaceTime video calling application is popular among iOS and Mac users. That s enough to make it a target for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ), a company that has turned tormenting Apple with competing products into an art form.

Source: Google

On Tuesday, Google began rolling out Duo, a cross-platform video calling app that takes on FaceTime while offering something Apple s original lacks: cross-platform compatibility.

Google is promoting a number of features that it feels make Duo a compelling reason to switch from FaceTime, Microsoft Corporation s (NASDAQ: MSFT ) Skype or video chatting on Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ) Messenger.

Duo originally was announced at this year s Google I/O conference, and officially began rolling out on Aug. 16. Google says it will be live worldwide over the next few days.

In a blog post promoting the release, Alphabet laid out the reasoning for why someone would want to drop a video calling application they may have been using for years in favor of Google s new app.

Duo Features

Among Duo s key features are its simple interface and the lack of a required account to use it. Callers need only enter their own phone number into the app to get started, then punch in the phone number they want to call.

Speed and reliability also are emphasized. Google says Duo intelligently manages video calls to keep connections reliable without stuttering or dropped calls. Duo adjusts video resolution on the fly based on the available bandwidth and seamlessly switches between Wi-Fi and cellular connections. Security and privacy are spiked out, with Google noting that Duo calls feature end-to-end encryption. Incoming calls must originate from a phone number in your Contacts list, so there is no fear of unexpectedly encountering the face of a salesperson on an incoming Duo video call.

In other words, the pain points of video calling are eliminated. Especially those that a less tech-savvy user might find frustrating.

Cross-Platform Is the Key

But the primary selling point of Duo (and the part that Apple is going to hate) is that Google Duo is cross-platform, working with both iOS and Android. That eliminates one of the biggest complaints about FaceTime, that it only works between Apple products. By making the Duo app available for both iOS and Android, the users of the two largest mobile platforms can make video calls to each other without having to worry about setting up accounts or knowing each others  user names. They just need to know their telephone number.

There are plenty of mixed-platform families out there who would love to have an easy way to make video calls between devices without having to jump through the hoops of setting up accounts on Skype or Facebook. The ease of use and engineering Google has put into making Duo calls the most reliable possible are an added bonus.

Apple doesn t monetize FaceTime, but its default iOS apps including FaceTime are all part of the iPhone experience. And the last thing Apple wants is to have another Google app supplant one of its own on an iPhone.

Google Duo also will be quashing the halo effect. Up to now, someone with an iPhone who wanted easy, on-demand video calling capability with a friend or family member would result in a little more incentive toward that other person also buying an iPhone. Google Duo can achieve the same capability regardless of whether one or either parties owns an iPhone or an Android smartphone. So that incentive disappears.

As of this writing, Brad Moon did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace 
2016-04-28
Google parent Alphabet Inc, Fiat Chrysler close to deal on self-driving car ... Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV is in late-stage talks with Alphabet Inc s self-driving car division for a technology partnership, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing a person familiar with the discussions.

The talks have been ongoing for several months, the Journal reported, as Alphabet seeks industry partnerships, offering a deal to sell self-driving car technology.

Related

Alphabet and Fiat Chrysler declined to comment.

Fiat Chrysler has been talking with many players outside the car sector about possible collaborations, as car technology has become a prime area of interest for Silicon Valley companies including Alphabet s Google, which has built a prototype self-driving car.

  Thomson Reuters 2016 Moody's withdraws Google Inc.'s debt ratings following completion of the ... Email Research Recipient email addresses will not be used in mailing lists or redistributed. Recipient's

Email

Use semicolon to separate each address, limit to 20 addresses. Enter the

characters you see Can't read?

Try a new set Send Cancel Email Research Thank you for your interest in sharing Moody's Research. You have reached the daily limit of Research email sharings. OK Thank you! You have successfully sent the research.

Please note: some research requires a paid subscription in order to access. OK Related Issuers Google Inc. Related Research Credit Opinion: Google Inc. Announcement: Moody's says The European Union's new antitrust charges against Alphabet (Aa2) will not likely impact its Aa2 credit ratings Issuer Comment: Alphabet Inc.: The European Union s new antitrust charges against Alphabet (Aa2) will not likely impact its Aa2 credit ratings Rating Action: Moody's assigns Prime-1 short-term rating to Alphabet Inc. and Aa2 rating to its new senior unsecured notes Announcement: Moody's Retires Large Global Diversified Media Industry Rating Methodology Rating Action: Moody's withdraws Google Inc.'s debt ratings following completion of the Alphabet notes exchange Global Credit Research - 28 Apr 2016 New York, April 28, 2016 -- Moody's Investors Service withdrew Google Inc.'s, a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. (Aa2 Senior Unsecured / Prime -1 / Stable), Prime-1 commercial paper rating and the Aa2 rating on its 3.375% senior unsecured notes due 2024 and 3.625% senior unsecured notes due 2021. RATINGS RATIONALE Moody's withdrew these ratings following Alphabet Inc.'s announcement regarding the final results of the previously announced offer to exchange the 2021 and 2024 senior notes issued by Google for new notes to be issued by Alphabet Inc. As of 4/25/2016, approximately $1.68 billion of the Google notes had been validly tendered and roughly $320 million remain outstanding at Google. Moody's has withdrawn ratings on these remaining outstanding notes pursuant to Moody's guidelines for the withdrawal of ratings, as insufficient information is available to Moody's to assess their standalone creditworthiness, and the obligations are not unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by Alphabet, the remaining rated entity. Further, as we had announced in our press release dated February 12, 2016, Moody's will not withdraw the Aa2 rating on Google's 2.125% $1 billion senior unsecured notes as they mature on 5/19/2016 and the rating will be withdrawn following the upcoming redemption of those notes, at which point Google's last long-term debt rating will also be withdrawn. Moody's withdrew the Prime-1 commercial paper rating at Google as it has no amounts outstanding under its CP program which was replaced by a new CP program at Alphabet. On February 12, 2016, Moody's had assigned Aa2 ratings to Alphabet Inc.'s expected new senior unsecured notes due 2021 and 2024. The new notes at Alphabet Inc. will have the same maturity and coupon rate as the notes replaced at Google. The rating outlook for Alphabet Inc. remains stable. Moody's has withdrawn the rating because it believes it has insufficient or otherwise inadequate information to support the maintenance of the rating. Please refer to the Moody's Investors Service's Policy for Withdrawal of Credit Ratings, available on its website, www.moodys.com. REGULATORY DISCLOSURES For any affected securities or rated entities receiving direct credit support from the primary entity(ies) of this credit rating action, and whose ratings may change as a result of this credit rating action, the associated regulatory disclosures will be those of the guarantor entity. Exceptions to this approach exist for the following disclosures, if applicable to jurisdiction: Ancillary Services, Disclosure to rated entity, Disclosure from rated entity. Regulatory disclosures contained in this press release apply to the credit rating and, if applicable, the related rating outlook or rating review Please see www.moodys.com for any updates on changes to the lead rating analyst and to the Moody's legal entity that has issued the rating. Please see the ratings tab on the issuer/entity page on www.moodys.com for additional regulatory disclosures for each credit rating. Neil Begley

Senior Vice President

Corporate Finance Group

Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

250 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10007

U.S.A.

JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376

SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653

John Diaz

MD - Corporate Finance

Corporate Finance Group

JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376

SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653

Releasing Office:

Moody's Investors Service, Inc.

250 Greenwich Street

New York, NY 10007

U.S.A.

JOURNALISTS: 212-553-0376

SUBSCRIBERS: 212-553-1653

Moody's withdraws Google Inc.'s debt ratings following completion of the Alphabet notes exchange No Related Data.



CREDIT RATINGS ISSUED BY MOODY'S INVESTORS SERVICE, INC. AND ITS RATINGS AFFILIATES ( MIS ) ARE MOODY S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES, AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS MAY INCLUDE MOODY S CURRENT OPINIONS OF THE RELATIVE FUTURE CREDIT RISK OF ENTITIES, CREDIT COMMITMENTS, OR DEBT OR DEBT-LIKE SECURITIES. MOODY S DEFINES CREDIT RISK AS THE RISK THAT AN ENTITY MAY NOT MEET ITS CONTRACTUAL, FINANCIAL OBLIGATIONS AS THEY COME DUE AND ANY ESTIMATED FINANCIAL LOSS IN THE EVENT OF DEFAULT. CREDIT RATINGS DO NOT ADDRESS ANY OTHER RISK, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO: LIQUIDITY RISK, MARKET VALUE RISK, OR PRICE VOLATILITY. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S OPINIONS INCLUDED IN MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT STATEMENTS OF CURRENT OR HISTORICAL FACT. MOODY S PUBLICATIONS MAY ALSO INCLUDE QUANTITATIVE MODEL-BASED ESTIMATES OF CREDIT RISK AND RELATED OPINIONS OR COMMENTARY PUBLISHED BY MOODY S ANALYTICS, INC. CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS DO NOT CONSTITUTE OR PROVIDE INVESTMENT OR FINANCIAL ADVICE, AND CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT AND DO NOT PROVIDE RECOMMENDATIONS TO PURCHASE, SELL, OR HOLD PARTICULAR SECURITIES. NEITHER CREDIT RATINGS NOR MOODY S PUBLICATIONS COMMENT ON THE SUITABILITY OF AN INVESTMENT FOR ANY PARTICULAR INVESTOR. MOODY S ISSUES ITS CREDIT RATINGS AND PUBLISHES MOODY S PUBLICATIONS WITH THE EXPECTATION AND UNDERSTANDING THAT EACH INVESTOR WILL, WITH DUE CARE, MAKE ITS OWN STUDY AND EVALUATION OF EACH SECURITY THAT IS UNDER CONSIDERATION FOR PURCHASE, HOLDING, OR SALE.



MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER.



ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT.



All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided  AS IS  without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody s publications.



To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY S.



To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information.



NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER.



Moody s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody s Corporation ( MCO ), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at



Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY S affiliate, Moody s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to  wholesale clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a  wholesale client  and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to  retail clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser.



Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. ( MJKK ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody s SF Japan K.K. ( MSFJ ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ( NRSRO ). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively.



MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000.



MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements.

  2017 Moody s Corporation, Moody s Investors Service, Inc., Moody s Analytics, Inc. and/or their licensors and affiliates (collectively,  MOODY S ). All rights reserved.MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS AND MOODY S PUBLICATIONS ARE NOT INTENDED FOR USE BY RETAIL INVESTORS AND IT WOULD BE RECKLESS AND INAPPROPRIATE FOR RETAIL INVESTORS TO USE MOODY S CREDIT RATINGS OR MOODY S PUBLICATIONS WHEN MAKING AN INVESTMENT DECISION. IF IN DOUBT YOU SHOULD CONTACT YOUR FINANCIAL OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISER.ALL INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS PROTECTED BY LAW, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, COPYRIGHT LAW, AND NONE OF SUCH INFORMATION MAY BE COPIED OR OTHERWISE REPRODUCED, REPACKAGED, FURTHER TRANSMITTED, TRANSFERRED, DISSEMINATED, REDISTRIBUTED OR RESOLD, OR STORED FOR SUBSEQUENT USE FOR ANY SUCH PURPOSE, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, IN ANY FORM OR MANNER OR BY ANY MEANS WHATSOEVER, BY ANY PERSON WITHOUT MOODY S PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT.All information contained herein is obtained by MOODY S from sources believed by it to be accurate and reliable. Because of the possibility of human or mechanical error as well as other factors, however, all information contained herein is provided  AS IS  without warranty of any kind. MOODY'S adopts all necessary measures so that the information it uses in assigning a credit rating is of sufficient quality and from sources MOODY'S considers to be reliable including, when appropriate, independent third-party sources. However, MOODY S is not an auditor and cannot in every instance independently verify or validate information received in the rating process or in preparing the Moody s publications.To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability to any person or entity for any indirect, special, consequential, or incidental losses or damages whatsoever arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information, even if MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers is advised in advance of the possibility of such losses or damages, including but not limited to: (a) any loss of present or prospective profits or (b) any loss or damage arising where the relevant financial instrument is not the subject of a particular credit rating assigned by MOODY S.To the extent permitted by law, MOODY S and its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors and suppliers disclaim liability for any direct or compensatory losses or damages caused to any person or entity, including but not limited to by any negligence (but excluding fraud, willful misconduct or any other type of liability that, for the avoidance of doubt, by law cannot be excluded) on the part of, or any contingency within or beyond the control of, MOODY S or any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, representatives, licensors or suppliers, arising from or in connection with the information contained herein or the use of or inability to use any such information.NO WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, COMPLETENESS, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF ANY SUCH RATING OR OTHER OPINION OR INFORMATION IS GIVEN OR MADE BY MOODY S IN ANY FORM OR MANNER WHATSOEVER.Moody s Investors Service, Inc., a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody s Corporation ( MCO ), hereby discloses that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to Moody s Investors Service, Inc. for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from $1,500 to approximately $2,500,000. MCO and MIS also maintain policies and procedures to address the independence of MIS s ratings and rating processes. Information regarding certain affiliations that may exist between directors of MCO and rated entities, and between entities who hold ratings from MIS and have also publicly reported to the SEC an ownership interest in MCO of more than 5%, is posted annually at www.moodys.com under the heading  Investor Relations   Corporate Governance   Director and Shareholder Affiliation Policy. Additional terms for Australia only: Any publication into Australia of this document is pursuant to the Australian Financial Services License of MOODY S affiliate, Moody s Investors Service Pty Limited ABN 61 003 399 657AFSL 336969 and/or Moody s Analytics Australia Pty Ltd ABN 94 105 136 972 AFSL 383569 (as applicable). This document is intended to be provided only to  wholesale clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. By continuing to access this document from within Australia, you represent to MOODY S that you are, or are accessing the document as a representative of, a  wholesale client  and that neither you nor the entity you represent will directly or indirectly disseminate this document or its contents to  retail clients  within the meaning of section 761G of the Corporations Act 2001. MOODY S credit rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a debt obligation of the issuer, not on the equity securities of the issuer or any form of security that is available to retail investors. It would be reckless and inappropriate for retail investors to use MOODY S credit ratings or publications when making an investment decision. If in doubt you should contact your financial or other professional adviser.Additional terms for Japan only: Moody's Japan K.K. ( MJKK ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of Moody's Group Japan G.K., which is wholly-owned by Moody s Overseas Holdings Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of MCO. Moody s SF Japan K.K. ( MSFJ ) is a wholly-owned credit rating agency subsidiary of MJKK. MSFJ is not a Nationally Recognized Statistical Rating Organization ( NRSRO ). Therefore, credit ratings assigned by MSFJ are Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings. Non-NRSRO Credit Ratings are assigned by an entity that is not a NRSRO and, consequently, the rated obligation will not qualify for certain types of treatment under U.S. laws. MJKK and MSFJ are credit rating agencies registered with the Japan Financial Services Agency and their registration numbers are FSA Commissioner (Ratings) No. 2 and 3 respectively.MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) hereby disclose that most issuers of debt securities (including corporate and municipal bonds, debentures, notes and commercial paper) and preferred stock rated by MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) have, prior to assignment of any rating, agreed to pay to MJKK or MSFJ (as applicable) for appraisal and rating services rendered by it fees ranging from JPY200,000 to approximately JPY350,000,000.MJKK and MSFJ also maintain policies and procedures to address Japanese regulatory requirements. Facebook Inc, Amazon.com, Inc., Netflix, Inc., Alphabet Inc: China's Answer To ... Tony Daltorio: U.S. investors are very familiar with the FANG stocks   Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Google, which now goes by the name Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

But many investors are unaware of the various Chinese iterations of FANG. These include Chinese technology stocks traded here in the U.S. One iteration is the BANTs   Baidu (NASDAQ: BIDU), Alibaba Group (NYSE: BABA), NetEase (NASDAQ: NTES)and Tencent Holdings (OTC: TCEHY).

Other popular China tech stocks include JD.com (NASDAQ: JD), Ctrip.com (NASDAQ: CTRP) andSina (NASDAQ: SINA).

The common theme among these Chinese tech players is that they are growing rapidly thanks to both soaring demand from Chinese consumers and backing from the Chinese government.

High-Tech China

When people think of the Chinese government and technology, thoughts of the  Great Firewall of China  or Internet censorship come to mind.

But if your analysis doesn t go any deeper than that, you are missing out on a world of opportunity. China s  services  economy is far outpacing the old industrial economy, as these charts from the Financial Times show:

Source: Financial Times

The goal of President Xi Jinping is to have, as Bloomberg calls it, a  China dominated by high-value technology companies. 

That is moving closer to reality in stock market terms thanks to an upcoming move by benchmark index provider MSCI.

MSCI Reshuffling

MSCI is adding 14 U.S.-listed Chinese companies, including those mentioned above, into the MSCI Emerging Markets Index, the MSCI China Index and other indexes that include China.

The first stage of MSCI s move was implemented in November. The second and final stage will occur next month.

Goldman Sachs estimated that MSCI s move alone would push $78 billion into these U.S.-listed Chinese tech stocks. That was a quarter of the market capitalization of these stocks in November. Macquarie Group had an even higher estimate for money flow, at nearly $100 billion.

The index move will only add to the popularity of these stocks. Chinese corporations now account for 83% of emerging-market funds  Internet holdings. And technology stocks overall, as of March, now account for 20.6% of holdings in emerging-market funds  portfolios.

Nearly 80% of these funds now hold at least one of the BANT stocks.

What the Future Holds

I fully expect the Chinese tech stocks to continue moving up in price.

First, because of the continuing fears on Wall Street over China, these stocks are cheap on a relative basis. On a one-year forward earnings basis, Tencent is trading at 25 times earnings, Alibaba at 23 times and Baidu at 21 times.

That s much cheaper than many of their American counterparts   especially when one considers these companies are expected to grow earnings by 25%-30% annually.

The reason for the fast growth was revealed by Richard Sneller, head of emerging-market equities at Baillie Gifford. He told the Financial Times,  The speed with which young consumers are adapting to technological change, in areas such as e-commerce and online shopping, is much faster than in the United States.  And let s not forget how much larger China s population is than the U.S.

My personal favorites among the Chinese tech stocks are Tencent, Alibaba and Ctrip.com. Alibaba and Ctrip.com are the respective leaders in China for e-commerce and online travel bookings.

Some of you may be unfamiliar with Tencent since it trades over the counter. The company is China s largest and most used Internet service portal. But it is so much more. It is also an advertising, media and entertainment business. Its instant messaging service QQ has more than 850 million active users. Its WeChat messaging app has over 650 million active users. It is also battling U.S. tech giants for the latest advancements in chatbots.

An interesting side note is that emerging-market Internet and media group Naspers (OTC: NPSNY) owns about 34% of Tencent. Naspers is headquartered in South Africa.

An easy way for investors to capture the broad array of China s Internet-related companies is through an exchange-traded fund. The KraneShares CSI China Internet ETF (NASDAQ: KWEB) includes the BANTs and all the rest of China s tech stars. The largest positions in this fund are Tencent, Alibaba, Baidu, Ctrip.com and JD.com.

Even when (not if) Chinese stocks swoon again, I plan to continue building a position in KWEB.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Tony Daltorio from Wyatt Investment Research. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Android Wear gets easy DIY Customizable ... Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has developed a means to easily customize the physical appearance of the Android Wear. Today it was introduced by the company and is referred to as Mode watchbands.

It may seem as if these are ordinary simple watchbands; the selling point is not the bands themselves. Rather, the ease with which they can be added and removed to the Android Wear devices.

Mode bands

Google s  Snap-and-go  bands come in a total of four separate sizes as well as 16 unique colors to start with. Watchbands would be made up of materials such as silicone and leather with the aim of providing a level of flexibility to customize Android Wear to perfectly suit the look consumers are going for.

Click Here For More Market Exclusive Updates & Analysis

In order to maintain a high standard of quality throughout their products, Google enlisted the help of Hadley Roma, a 103-year-old American watch-attachment company to aid in the development of the bands.

In order to ensure that the correct size is purchased with regards to the bands, the company has introduced a  Mode watch size  drop down which will ask customers to indicate which watch size the band is for and the customers can opt for the right fit.

How the bands work

The Mode is Google s new standard for watch bands in specific. In order to try out different bands for Android Wear devices, all one has to do is slide the current bands out of their devices and replace them with a different style pair.

The Android Wear is Alphabet s counterpart to Apple, Inc. s (NASDAQ:AAPL) Apple Watch. Whether either remains popular long term with gadget consumers remains to be seen.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Alphabet Inc. Hints Revenue Rise Despite $802M Losses in Bets Biz, Q1 Report ... The businesses listed under Alphabet are autonomous cars, home automation products Nest, Google Fiber and its breakthrough tech lab dubbed X. In recent events, Alphabet introduced its bipedal robot which can go through hurdles and go up and down the stairs.

Other Bets companies listed under Google have raked in $166 million in revenue. Although the results are high, they failed to hit the targets set by Wall Street.

Amid the target shortage to their March 3 deadline, Alphabet collected $20.26 billion in revenue which was equivalent to $7.50 per share. According to data compiled by Reuters, Wall Street projected extra cents coming in at $20.37 billion in revenue or $7.97 per share.

Reportedly, the money spent for the company's effort for traffic building to mobilize the mobile advertising services could have caused the miss in Alphabet's Wall Street Targets.

Meanwhile, the traffic acquisition costs (TAC) or the payments allotted for other websites reached $3.8 billion and accounted 21 percent of advertising revenues, Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat spoke to a press conference. An upward movement from the percentage of ad revenues used up on TAC also hinted an annual 13 percent increase.

Sameet Sinha, a B. Riley & Co. analyst, said that investors must have to get used seeing the TAC increasing. For Sinha, this is the "cost of doing business."

The analyst explained that if you're getting mobile searches from Apple devices, you have to pay Apple for traffic so that revenue can happen.

For Porat, the practice of allotting more money to control traffic is expected to rise due to the trend of shifting to mobile.

Despite Alphabet's failure to meet the investors' expectations, Porat assured that the first quarter results are signs of a "tremendous start to the year" having 23 percent increase in stable currency and 17 percent growth in revenues per annum to consider.

"We're thoughtfully pursuing big bets and building exciting new technologies, in Google and our Other Bets, that position us well for long term growth," she said.

Here's a video of the report, Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Music Podcasts Feature; Is It a Worthy Alternative? Published By: Eunice Gettys on April 28, 2016 11:16 am EST

Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Play Music lacks a lot of features, but the tech giant has made commendable efforts in making sure the app is up-to-date. The company could quite possibly feature new options in order to compete with the likes of Apple Inc. (NADSAQ:APPL) Music and Spotify, sooner than expected. Google s attempt at making this possible includes the integration of podcasts into Play Music, and now that it is finally here, is it really worth it? To learn more, read on.

For starters, those who have a Play Music subscription will find this feature to be a blessing, as they will no longer have to rely on a separate app or service. Its convenience alone should keep things interesting. Additionally, the podcasts section offers a list of popular podcasts and makes it easier for users to stay up-to-date with the latest episodes. Users can also share and subscribe to shows with ease.

A separate section for favorite podcasts is a welcomed addition and the fact that each and every show is detailed makes it easier for users to choose and determine what interests them the most.

For those times when users are not sure about what they want to hear, they can check out podcasts stations. It proves to be a great tool for discovery and will allow users to find new content to entertain themselves.

As for the player itself, it is not different from before and features the same UI users are accustomed to. However, it does incorporate new controls like  skip 30 seconds .

That being said, the integration of podcasts into the app is not exactly perfect, but that is to be expected. Additionally, the search bar is not precise, but it is not something that cannot be fixed.

The two primary flaws with the new podcasts section is that it does not allow users to create custom playlists and the lack of popular shows, apart from which, it is decent enough to be considered. However, not for those who are not Google Play Music subscribers.

Unfortunately, the feature has not yet made its way to the iOS version of the app, and neither has the company announced when that would be happening. Nevertheless, it is possible that Google is assessing the feature on Google Play Music for Android in order to fix issues and problems that may arise, after which it could release a somewhat improved podcasts feature for the iOS version of the app.

All in all, Google still has a long way to go with its Play Music app, but seeing how determined the company is in ensuring that its properties and apps are top-notch, it will not come as a surprise that several new updates will be released in the coming months to improve and add value to Google Play Music and its podcasts feature. Alphabet Inc - Photo agency Getty asks EU to investigate Google over images - Reuters News  
2016-03-23
Better Buy: Apple Inc. vs. Alphabet Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is not only the world's largest company by market cap, but also a very popular holding for individual investors. Nearly 40% of Apple's shares are neither owned by insiders nor by financial institutions. Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is only slightly smaller, with a respectable 21% of the stock held in retirement accounts and other non-institutional portfolios.

These are some of the most popular investments on today's stock market. But which one is a better fit for your portfolio?

Let's find out.

Not business as usual

Normally, I would start speaking in maths at this point. Compare and contrast growth rates, incoming cash flows, financial stability, all the good stuff that makes up a quality business worth investing in.

But that's kind of a moot point in this particular case. Both Apple and Alphabet can boast revenues and cash flows that would look appropriate for a mid-sized European country. If and when their business luck runs out, Alphabet and Apple will fall back on cash reserves of $73 billion and $216 billion, respectively. If you still insist on playing the numbers, a picture still says a thousand words:

In short, both of these companies operate from fundamentally fantastic financial platforms. There are no deal-breakers here. In order to really separate Apple from Alphabet, we'll have to look at what makes these figures tick.

The numbers never tell the whole story

On the surface, we're still looking at two extremely similar companies. Alphabet is best known for its Google-branded online search and advertising services, with a sprinkling of loosely related side projects. Apple lives and dies by the iPhone and iPad product lines, with some help from Mac computers and iTunes services sprinkled in. A pair of one-trick ponies, though these simple tricks are mind-blowingly profitable.

But once you scratch below that surface, the differences start to emerge.

Google rebranded itself as Alphabet in order to explore new markets without spooking investors. Google clearly has no business looking into self-driving cars or advanced medical research, because these projects are miles away from the online core businesses. But these ideas can thrive under the Alphabet umbrella, while Google itself stays laser-focused on Internet services as just another piece of a larger puzzle. Think of Google as the insurance-focused core of Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B). Nobody complains that Dairy Queen, Norfolk Southern, and Fruit of the Loom are too different from Berkshire's insurance businesses, but the conglomerate would stop making sense if the fast food and underwear were sold under the GEICO banner.

Apple, on the other hand, really does focus as tightly as possible on what the company does best. From iPads to the Apple Watch and those increasingly old-school iPods, the company has built its fortunes on a single hardware/software platform. Take away the iOS collection, and Cupertino would be stuck promoting a Mac business that only accounts for 9% of total sales.

Apple did this to old-line Walkman players and then to simple feature phones; Google also joined the smartphone revolution after having forced nearly every rival search engine out of business. Meanwhile, Blackberry (NASDAQ:BBRY) was once synonymous with smartphone until iPhone and Android came along. Now, former Crackberry addicts have moved on to stronger mobile platforms. Blackberry shares have fallen more than 95% from their 2007 highs, and 87% in the last 5 years alone.Yes, I understand that running a diverse business comes with its own risks -- "diworsification" is more than just an empty insult. But it's also true that high-tech empires don't last forever. The next next big thing is always lurking just around the corner, threatening to turn all of our favorite markets upside down.

This could happen to Apple, too. The harder CEO Tim Cook doubles down on the only viable product platform at his disposal, the harder Apple will fall when the next mobile revolution starts. Don't think it won't.

And that's why Google was smart to take on the Alphabet moniker and go looking for new markets. This company is investing to get ready for the fall of Google. It's long-term planning of the extreme variety. It's the right way to plan for The Innovator's Dilemma. And I don't see Apple doing anything of that sort.

Final Foolish verdict

Alphabet is planning for the very long game while Apple is milking a relatively short-term win for all it's worth. Apple may be the bigger winner over the next couple of years, but Alphabet is the stock you can sew up in an old mattress and leave alone for decades to come.

Come back in 20 years and I'm sure that Alphabet will have become a very different but equally vibrant business.

I just can't say the same about Apple. Alphabet Inc. (Google) to sell off Boston Dynamics Tech conglomerate Alphabet Inc. (formerly Google) is reportedly looking to sell off robotics company Boston Dynamics.

According to a report by Bloomberg, Alphabet is planning to sell off the company due to the fact that an internal review found that it is unlikely to generate revenue.

Boston Dynamics, a US robotics startup was acquired by Google in 2013 for a total cost of $500m.

The company attracted significant headlines and publicity for its research into robotic systems seemingly inspired by nature. These include qudrapedal robots like  Big Dog  as well as a bipedal humanoid robot called  Atlas .

The use case for these robots was never made explicit, however funding from DARPA suggested that they were being marketed to the military.

Nonetheless these products were far from being market-ready, and the company reportedly had no robotic systems that it could bring to market in the near-term.

This, combined reportedly with a lack of cooperation with Google s own internal robotics teams, meant that Boston Dynamics was no longer seen a useful part of the larger Alphabet Inc.

Currently there is no indication on what price Alphabet will be asking for in the sale of this company; however several potential buyers have been identified.

These include Toyota Motor Corp and Amazon, however neither company has made comments to suggest they are specifically interested in acquiring Boston Dynamics.

Robots bad for PR

While Google/Alphabet is a keen developer of artificial intelligence (AI) software, it seems to be aware of negative public opinion towards robotics.

Boston Dynamic s robotic demonstrators, while impressive, more often than not generated fear and scepticism among viewers rather than awe or affinity.

This may have gone some way towards the decision to sell the company, as Alphabet would not want to be closely associated with  creepy  military robots.

Furthermore, a strategic move away from robotics by Alphabet may be good for the conglomerate in the medium-to-long term in order for it to be less directly associated with job losses caused by robotics. Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Offers Cheaper Access to Facebook Inc (FB): Rosenblatt Published By: Myrna Salomon on March 23, 2016 09:01 am EST

Even though Rossenblatt Securities maintains a Buy rating on both Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB), it says the search giant s shares currently offer a discounted access to the same market the social media giant operates in. The research firm believes Alphabet is benefitting from the same trends that Facebook is making the most of.

In order to make his point, Martin Pyykkonen, the analyst at the research firm, says that Alphabet currently trades at a discount compared to Facebook, as it is down below 3% year-to-date, while Facebook is up over 5% YTD, and the S&P 500 index has remained flat during the same time. Based on his adjusted earnings before interest taxes depreciation and amortization (EBITDA) forecasts for this year, the analyst says Alphabet shares have an EV/EBITDA ratio of 12x, while Facebook has a relatively higher ratio of 20x. The analyst emphasizes that despite the discrepancy in these ratios, both the companies are taking advantage of the same key growth drives, including video ads, display, mobile, as well as search advertising.

He also pointed out that even in the video advertising market, Facebook is moving up against YouTube, owned by Alphabet; this represents immense sales growth prospects for both the companies. The analyst, who maintains a $900 price target on Alphabet stock, says that this year, the key growth drivers for the company are going to be its display advertising business on YouTube and third-party websites.

Alphabet shares closed down 0.28% at $760.05 Tuesday, but ticked up 0.42% at $763.25 as of 8:01 AM ET today. On the other hand, Facebook stock gained 0.36% to close up at $112.25 yesterday, and gained another 0.22% to reach $112.50 as of 8:05 AM ET today. Alphabet Inc Android Pay to Make Its 'UK Bow' Published By: Patrick Arruda on March 23, 2016 02:10 pm EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) has officially announced that Android Pay will soon make its way to the United Kingdom, as major banking institutions of the country have already been included before the launch of the payment service in the region.

Credit and debit cards from MasterCard and Visa will be supported by Alphabet s payment service, which currently features several of the region s biggest banks like HSBC, Royal Bank of Scotland, Halifax, Lloyds Bank etc., with more and more additions made once it has been launched.

Whether its travelling on the Tube, eating at one of your favorite restaurants, or shopping for groceries, users will be able to pay all their bills with just a tap on Android Pay. U.K becomes the first avenue that Alphabet now hopes to explore in Europe, as it hopes to catch up to Apple in the mobile payment service sector.

Android Pay was launched in Australia back in December, 2015, where it is yet to go live, as the service racks up more than 1.5 million new customers every week in the United States of America.

Android Pay s biggest competitor, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) Pay, was launched in the UK back in July, 2015, where it already serves a major chunk of users. Even Barclays has put in effort to develop its own mobile wallet app, which really puts Android Pay s late arrival into perspective. Experts have said that the delay caused in the launch of the service in UK is mainly down to the partners that Alphabet had to get on board for Android Pay.

In our point of view, Alphabet doesn t seem to be very interested in making Android Pay one of its biggest products, let alone rival Apple on this front. If it did, Apple would not have had a clear field for such a long time. By the time Android Pay makes its way to the market, its biggest competitor would already have swept it away. Which makes you wonder, why put all the legwork only to find yourself eating dust? Rumor: Alphabet Inc Google's Working on a New Keyboard for iOS Devices Published By: Patrick Arruda on March 23, 2016 11:27 am EST

There have been a lot of rumors about Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google s working on a keyboard specifically for iOS devices. Even though the rumors have been going around for months, there has been no evidence whatsoever suggesting that the subsidiary was in fact working on such a project. But recently, new information surfaced about the new keyboard.

A report by The Verge explains why Google may have made such a move. According to the report, Google is only making the said keyboard in order to get more users to make Google searches on iOS devices. Additionally, the keyboard will come with new features, which will in tudifferentiate it from the standard iOS keyboard. This includes gesture based control much similar to Swipe and SwiftKey.

Other features include a shortcut to access Google s search engine. Moreover, the keyboard is also equipped with unique buttons for GIF and picture searches. The report also highlights how the keyboard is completely different from what is available on Android devices.

That being said, if Google is indeed successful in convincing iOS device owners to switch to its new keyboard, it will give it the ability to extensively feature its search engine. Not only will this increase Google s user base, but it may even encourage it to work on similar products to get iOS users to use its own products rather than Apple s; but then again, only time will tell whether Apple will let this happen or not. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Has Widened Advantage Over Alphabet Inc (GOOG), Says Analyst Published By: Ramsha Amir on March 23, 2016 09:51 am EST

The largest company in the world, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), rolled out two new devices at its March 21  Let us loop you in  event: a successor to its smaller, 4-inch smartphones, the iPhone SE, and a 9.7-inch iPad Pro. The tech giant also lowered the starting price for Apple Watch Sports from $349 to $299, and added new wristbands for it. Although people were already aware of the smaller iPhone thanks to a number of leaks, they did not expect to hear about the iPad or the price cut for the Apple Watch. But that wasn t all.

Apple released the iPhone SE at a surprisingly low price of $399, and the iPad Pro it released is also priced at $599, at a 34% discount compared to its 12.9-inch predecessor. Commenting on these prices, Andree Uerkwitz, analyst at Oppenheimer, said:  With the  lackluster  event, we think Apple has once again widened its advantage over the only other competing platform (Android) and has made steady steps to reinforce its presence on users  wrists and laps in their living rooms.  He believes that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), the maker of Android operating system, would have even less of a price advantage now that Apple has lowered its devices  prices, as customers should flock to buy devices with improved specs at lower-than-ever-before prices.

The analyst also said that with these updates, Apple would attract the particular iPhone users who prefer the smaller form factor by providing them an improved user experience thanks to the A9 processor chip and updated camera in the iPhone SE. He currently maintains a $120 price target and Outperform rating on the stock. Apple shares closed up 0.76% at $106.72 Tuesday, and lost 0.07% to trade at $106.65 as of 9:09 AM ET today. Alphabet Inc Chrome App Launcher To Be Retired Published By: Ken Bock on March 23, 2016 01:25 pm EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) has announced that the Chrome app launcher on Windows, Mac, and Linux, will be retired in July, in a bid to streamline and simplify the browser s features.

The decision to retire the app launcher by the company has been taken in the light of little to no usage of the feature by the users. Furthermore, users prefer to launch their apps from within the browser, which effectively makes the app launcher useless and unnecessary.

The app launcher will be phased out within the next few months, as users will receive notifications to inform them of the latest development, and no new installs will initiate the launch of the feature either. Then, in July, all existing instances will also be done away with, which would mean the end of said feature.

Marc Pawliger, Engineering Director at Alphabet Inc., also said in an official blog post that Chrome OS users will not be affected by this particular change. He went on to explain that Chrome apps could be accessed through the shortcut in the bookmarks bar as well.

Experts have said that using the app launcher in the first place was the company s attempt to give other operating systems a feel of the Chrome OS. Users, on the other hand, are of the view that the app launcher only served to add to the complexity in use and only caused confusion when they had to launch browser apps from outside the browser itself. Incidentally, this also explains the welcome reception from the users to Alphabet s latest announcement.

Using an app launcher on other operating systems except Chrome OS does seem like an attempt to add a layer of its own OS to other platforms. However, that plan did not work out well for Alphabet, as it now faces having to remove it altogether. There is, however, another side of the coin to this story. Some users have come forward to say that it was actually the flawed installation and presentation of the app launcher which caused it to become insignificant and an unnecessary addition. But, we wouldn t know if that is true, as plans to retire the feature are already in motion. 
2016-07-13
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Acquires Kifi To Enhance Its Content ... It its quest to build a significant presence in the social media space, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google went out of its way to acquiring Kifi, a website link sharing platform. Even though it is a start up, the collaborative platform has enhanced organization, sharing and discussion of the relevant link among team members. The details of the acquisition are not known yet, but the Kifi team will immediately start working on Google s Spaces a group-sharing app that has the integration of Google Search, Youtube, LLC, and Chrome.

The actual number of the Kifi team that will be joining Google is not known but according to Google engineering director Eddie Kessler the team has so much expertise that will be of benefit to Google. After all Space s current focus is more on group chat which the team will be seeking to improve its features.

Google s acquisition of small entities. Why?

It has become a norm for Google to seek acquisitions and notably with startup companies. Why is it so yet it is one of the flamboyant internet giants? With the recent wave of competition, Google is seeking for expansion avenues just like any other tech firm. The reason for engaging the startups is because they more often than not have a new idea that would give birth to much more if well explored.

That said, it is likely that the company will respond to anything possible to put to good use Kifi s link sharing and link recommendation. From all this, Spaces is expected to have a drastic improvement.

About Kifi

Having been founded in 2012 by Dan Blumenfeld and Eishay Smith the startup s aim was to offer a consumer-centric experience of group activities and collaboration. However, a Medium post has revealed that Kifi s services are on the verge of being phased out meaning that those that have been using them have a very short time to enjoy them. Nevertheless, even after its shut down, the users will still have more time to transfer their data to a platform of their choice. Apple Inc. iOS 10 vs Alphabet Inc Android Nougat: Which OS Comes Out On Top? Published By: Angela Campbell on July 13, 2016 10:10 am EST

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) have not officially released their next generation operating systems but they did release beta versions of iOS 10 and Android Nougat, respectively, in order to give developers enough time to work on compatible applications. This has given us an opportunity to compare the two upcoming operating systems and determine which one is likely to make a greater impact for iOS or Android users. Here is The Country Caller s take on a comparison between Apple s iOS 10 and Google s Android Nougat and which operating system comes out on top.

User Interface and Notifications:

Apple and Google have decided to take very different approach to the UI and notifications for their upcoming operating systems. Apple is actually taking cues from Google for redeveloping its user interface in iOS 10, as widgets on the home screen are implemented very differently as compared to iOS 9. Thanks to the 3D touch on the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, whenever users will touch an icon on the home screen, specific widgets will appear that are specially designed for that icon. Google has gone for a much simpler approach with Android Nougat, as the entire user interface has become minimalistic to the point that everything is easier to read, have smaller icons and widgets and keeps most unwanted icons out of sight.

Personal Digital Assistant:

For years, Google Now has been able to trump Apple s voice activated Siri, but that could be set to change with iOS 10. The biggest improvement that iOS 10 has brought is that it allows third party developers to work on external applications that can work with Siri. This feature will massively improve the functionality of Apple s personal digital assistant and could even make it more powerful than Android s personal digital assistant. Google Now better watch its back.

Photos and Music Application:

iOS 10 has significantly improved the photo application as users can finally search for specific photos by typing objects that are present in these pictures. For example, users could type the word  pool  in the search bar and iOS 10 will automatically search and bring up all photos in your iOS device that have water in them. This feature could have really blown our mind away but it doesn t, due to the fact that Google has already implemented this feature in its previous operating systems. Hence, Apple is just catching up to Google.

Apple has done a brilliant job with its Music application on the iOS 10, as the music interface is easier to navigate and we really like the new artistic makeover that comes with the update. However, once again, Android has performed a better job than iOS as your downloaded songs are better managed through Google s Play Music. It s obvious that Google really cares about how users listen to music on their Android devices.

Verdict:

This is not an easy decision, as we are comparing two of the best available operating systems on the market. However, Apple has made the bigger improvement in its iOS 10 over what Google s Android N offers. Allowing third party developers to implement Siri can make a difference for iOS users which could make iOS 10 more desirable than Android N. However, it is important to remember that both these operating systems have not been officially released, so they could further have some nice surprises in store for all of us. 
2016-09-23
What Did Google Just Buy? Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is on an acquisition spree. Most recently, Google has acquired Api.ai, a natural language processing platform. Earlier this month, Google bought Apigee. The larger theme behind this is Google's big move into generating more significant revenue from its cloud platform through bolt-on acquisitions.

Fundamentally, these acquisitions are comparable to IBM (NYSE:IBM) buying AlchemyAPI and Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) acquisition of Xamarin. All these companies can build any feature they want, what they need is developers using them. Buying successful cloud services and integrating external service into a market-place style system goes hand in hand, which we will talk about in a minute. The key question for Google is how it can leverage its best-in-class infrastructure and open source products into a >$10B revenue line. This article is part look at recent acquisitions, part look at Google's cloud strategy. The larger picture of course is that Alphabet's revenue is still dominated by ads and the company has set its eye on the cloud as the next big revenue line.

Apigee & Api.ai

Apigee and Api.ai both provide API management, with the former focusing on analyzing and securing APIs and the latter on building natural language APIs. My intuition would be that many readers know the term API but just as many might only have a vague idea of what they mean in today's software ecosystem.

Application programming interfaces expose software functionality (=expected behavior) to users without revealing the actual implementation. Today, even the simplest applications are driven by literally hundreds of APIs. This is a consequence of many confluent trends in software, data centre management and cloud computing. Today, it's all about containerization.

Even simple websites need many dependencies, meaning they depend on other software: a web server, a database, login management, a like button integration, ad services, payment gateway providers, and each of them depends on hundreds or thousands of other services. Containerization means that software is provided in a self-contained runtime, a software container. Docker is the premier provider of container management. Using a Docker container, all one has to do is download a container image and it will set up and run an application and all its dependencies within the container - no manual installation of all the required software.

Modern software applications consist of large numbers of such software containers interacting with each other in the form of microservices. This trend has been accelerating in the past few years as more and more businesses move their infrastructure from more monolithic on-premise architectures to flexible cloud service providers. A microservice exposes the functionality of a container through an API, e.g. a simple database container might expose load/store/delete/query functionality.

The problem with all this is that with hundreds of containers and APIs floating around your cloud infrastructure, it's not always so easy to keep track of things. WHich data is flowing through what API and how is access regulated for every single API function of every service? I think the potential security issues are easy to imagine. This is what Apigee does. It helps businesses manage and secure their APIs. Not as sexy as the latest machine learning startup, but useful and important for every software organization.

Api.ai provides APIs and integrations for natural language applications. Not that Google would need help with its natural language backend (Google Now, Translate) - what Google wants is the 60,000 developers using Api.ai.

One reason why Amazon Web Services is so successful is its market place. Even before everything was as containerized as it is today, this allowed developers to launch servers with specific software pre-configured on the server image. Market places help cloud service providers to integrate functionality they don't offer themselves and get the users of these services onto their infrastructure. Microsoft acquired Xamarin, which had around a million software developers using its Mono platform. With its recent acquisitions, Google is moving towards a similar model.

Google's cloud business

Google's cloud business is growing. Other revenues brought $2.2B last quarter, 33% increase YoY. Yet, it's not quite growing as fast as it could, and Diane Greene, SVP of cloud, knows that. Amazon's AWS (NASDAQ:AMZN) is just so big and dominant that it has become the Google of cloud hosting. It has more data centers and developers are familiar with its services.

Switching infrastructures is generally a massive pain and requires a lot of momentum within an organisation. Such a move either requires a custom-tailored deal with massive rebates or customers are lured over by gradually deploying new services on another platform to use specific functionality. Making bolt-on-acquisitions is a great use of capital because the developers who use these platforms will then be more inclined to also use Google's infrastructure services.

The problem with Google's cloud platform is not that there is anything wrong with it, it's that there is also nothing wrong with Amazon Web Services or Azure. As usual, Google's tech is great, they have great open source frameworks they share with the community (TensorFlow, Kubernetes, Bazel, GRPC,..), but these factors are not deciding in who dominates a market. Soft factors do.

Let me illustrate this with an example. Google's TensorFlow is an open source framework for machine learning and specifically deep learning. It's a great piece of engineering and one of the most popular open source projects right now. Google's cloud machine learning platform will offer cloud-hosted TensorFlow but it's not out yet. The one thing that's wrong with TensorFlow right now?

It does not offer support for the Java virtual machine. Most enterprise software and big data frameworks (Apache Spark, Storm, Hadoop,..) are written in Java/Scala. Supporting and providing services around a machine learning framework in Java is a billion dollar opportunity in itself. The only deep learning framework in Java right now is deeplearning4j, which is built by a small startup and the open source community. It's much worse than TensorFlow from a technical perspective (comment if you want to know why), but it integrates with all the big data frameworks and has all the convenience features businesses care about.

Why does Google not offer TensorFlow Java and services around it? It's not that it couldn't. The reason is probably that TensorFlow was written by the Google Brain team, which is half research unit, and machine learning research is often in Python, so they wrote a Python/C++ framework. Nothing would stop Google from allocating teams to provide TensorFlow integration with other languages and sell services around them. It's these seemingly small organisational issues that can result in larger business opportunities lost.

This is not to say Google's cloud won't be tremendously successful, I just wanted to point out some things from the outside that seem like small points of friction but might ultimately result in larger lost business opportunities.

Summary

2016 seems to be the year Google has gotten really serious about the cloud. There is many reasons to be bullish about this, even if just for the single one that the cloud market is growing so fast that all the players can grow with it. A much better reason is that Google is using its capital to bring developers to its platform through acquisitions. This strategy is working for Microsoft and it will likely also work for Google. The thing Google has going for it is that all its internally developed frameworks integrate smoothly with one another. The Google engineering brand is strong.

Is now a good time to buy Alphabet? I am personally skeptic about tech equities right now. I would recommend to wait out the rate hike drama and the election fallout for an opportunity.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Why Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Should Follow Apple Inc (AAPL) And Change Its Car ... Even though Alphabet started developing self-driving cars in 2009, the company has yet to offer them to the public.

Unlike Alphabet, Apple ditched the model of a full fledged autonomous car and focused on its tech platform.

Releasing the tech platform first and the full car later could prevent Alphabet from losing in this race.

Technology trends come and go rapidly. While some of these trends carry huge expectations, only a few successfully meet the expectations. Most of them over-promise and under-deliver. However, only after a new technology concept is introduced and massively adopted can we judge whether it met the expectations or not. One of the sizzling mega trends right now involves tech giants, ride-hailing startups, software companies, and automakers in the rising industry of autonomous cars.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) started its self-driving car project back in 2009 as an experiment, as part of its Alphabet X division. For years, it was the only major company seriously engaged in developing self-driving technologies and eco-systems. Alphabet tested its self-driving technologies over the years on both highways and city streets - mainly in California - and introduced its first prototype at the end of 2014.

Also Read: How To Value Alphabet Inc Stock Today

Back then, there was a feeling that self-driving cars were around the corner, and Alphabet was inches away from releasing its self-driving car to the public. However, almost three years have gone by, and there is not much progress in that area while key executives have left the ambitious project. Many questions are starting to come up about whether Alphabet will ever complete this amazingly long development process with a real product in hand.

As has happened many times before, the second to enter the market has an advantage over the first one as it is able to learn from the mistakes and improve upon them in a relatively short amount of time this is also true for Alphabet. The tech behemoth might have been the first to identify the potential of autonomous cars, but as the company stalled with the development, other equally powerful and ambitious players got into the race. Tech giants like Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Alibaba (NYSE:BABA), and Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) have progressed at an extremely rapid pace, partnering with ride-hailing companies like Uber, Lyft, Didi Chuxing and many small software firms like Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY) that wanted to penetrate this market from the very beginning.

While Alphabet tries to develop a comprehensive solution that includes hardware, software, vehicle development, and ecosystem, other competitors might use a different approach. For example, Apple, which is probably the biggest competitor to Alphabet outside the auto industry, decided to change its autonomous car strategy from a full-fledged autonomous car to only a technological backbone for such a car. This is an incredibly significant change that allows Apple to focus on its strengths and what it does best, and let other companies do what they do best.

The recent reports of Apple negotiating potential deals with McLaren and Lit Motors support the thesis that Apple understood that introducing a full-blown vehicle with autonomous driving capabilities is a bit too ambitious, a heavy-lifting project. This is a crucial decision for Apple that might save the company a lot of time in the race against Alphabet. Linking the Apple solution with the luxury of the McLaren brand is a brilliant marketing step targeted at establishing Apple autonomous car technology as a solution for luxury and high-end cars. Marketing its solution as a high-end platform for luxury cars could allow Apple to partner with Audi, Mercedes, BMW and others, to become their primary autonomous car tech provider.

Unlike Apple and the other competitors, Alphabet has gained an enormous amount of knowledge and experience in the autonomous vehicles field during its seven years of development, which includes more than 1.5 million miles covered by different types of self-driving cars. As Apple and Tesla breathe down Alphabet s neck in the race for the autonomous car, I don t see Alphabet going to mass production anytime soon. However, as the development project faces many challenges, it could be a smart move from Alphabet to start by releasing only the technological backbone for a car in the first phase and a fully autonomous car in the second phase. This 2-step strategy will allow Alphabet to get its foot in the door, gain substantial market share, and somehow block Apple right at the beginning. Later on, Alphabet will face intense competition from Tesla and Uber, but could leverage its existing brand in the field for successful penetration into the market.

Also Read: Higher Cloud Market Share Could Drive The Alphabet Inc Stock

Alphabet Inc. cannot take the risk of being the second player to arrive on the market with a finished product after so many years in development. To prevent this and to maintain its innovative, pioneering, and leading image in this specific field, Alphabet should try to introduce a technical backbone as soon as possible. 3 Stocks to Watch on Friday: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Glu Mobile, Inc. (GLUU) and ... Gold gained 1% on Thursday and energy prices surged as U.S. stocks had a strong day. The S&P 500 Index gained 0.7%, the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 0.5% and the Nasdaq Composite grew 0.8%.

Several companies were in the market spotlight on Friday morning, including Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ), Glu Mobile, Inc. (NASDAQ: GLUU ) and Endo International plc   Ordinary Shares (NASDAQ: ENDP ).

Here s what you need to know:

Alphabet Inc (GOOGL)

GOOGL shares are being watched carefully, though not on any real news   just anticipation.

CNBC reported on Friday morning that Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR ) has  received expressions of interest from several technology companies and may receive a formal bid shortly,  according to unnamed sources.

Those sources said Alphabet and Salesforce.com, Inc. (NYSE: CRM ) were among the potential suitors.

Twitter is no stranger to buyout talks, with TWTR shares popping on a number of rumors, and even a fake report about a $31 billion takeover back in July 2015.

Traders aren t jaded, though, bidding TWTR stock some 15% higher in Friday s premarket trade.

Endo International plc   Ordinary Shares (ENDP)

ENDP shares opened 7% higher on Friday amid news that Rajiv De Silva has stepped down as CEO, president and board member, and has been replaced by Paul V. Campanelli, effectively immediately.

Endo Pharmaceuticals is the maker of brands such as Zydone, Lidoderm and Percocet, as well as a number of generic drugs. Campanelli previously was the president of Endo s generic and OTC drugs business, Par Pharmaceutical, which ENDP bought out in 2015.

 Given the continued evolution of Endo s business and Paul s impressive track record of delivering strong operating results, the Board concluded that Paul is the right leader for Endo at this juncture as we focus on execution and increasing the value of our attractive U.S. Branded, U.S. Generic and International pharmaceutical assets,  Chairman Roger H. Kimmel said in a statement.

The move extends a rally since May that has seen ENDP shares climb roughly 60%.

Glu Mobile, Inc. (GLUU)

Glu Mobile has extended its contract with Kim Kardashian West.

The company announced in an SEC filing that its deal with Kimsaprincess   the company that runs some of the reality star s products   will run for four more years.

Glu Mobile cited Kardashian West s likeness and other attributes as being under contract until June 30, 2020 for her hit game Kim Kardashian: Hollywood.

The company may make additional games with the social media personality throughout this period.

GLUU shares were up 1% in Friday s morning trade.

More From InvestorPlace Twitter Inc Charges on Possible Buyout by Alphabet Inc, Salesforce.com, Inc. Take the latest Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR ) buyout talk with a grain of salt. After all, the rumors were only supplied by  people familiar with the matter,  who somehow find a way of never being named when things don t pan out as suggested. But Twitter stock is rocketing on Friday morning on the heels of a rumor that an acquisition offer was impending.

The suitor also was not specified. However, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) and salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE: CRM ) were among the most likely buyers based on comments and interest that the companies have expressed in the past.

Twitter s board of directors is said to be keenly interested in being bought out. That might be wise, in part because Twitter stock has been such a disaster. But also, just about everyone recognizes there s no easy or immediate fix for its biggest challenges   not the least of which is answering the question  What is Twitter supposed to be? 

No specific timeframe for an offer was given, though in light of expectations that a deal could be completed before the end of the year, an acquisition offer would have to materialize almost immediately.

As of this writing, Twitter stock was up about 20%.

Check out our deeper analysis on the Twitter buyout talks.

More From InvestorPlace

As of this writing, James Brumley did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. 
2016-01-29
Get Ready to See the Real Alphabet, Inc. OK, Google. Time to let investors see the real you.

Google parent Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) is set to release fourth-quarter 2015 results after the market close on Feb. 1, 2016. But if you're expecting more of the same from the Internet titan, you might be delightfully disappointed.

Though Alphabet formally implemented its reorganization to become the holding company of Google and its various operating subsidiaries last October, this quarter will mark the first earnings report to fulfill the purpose of its new structure. That is, in Alphabet's words, "to bring increased focus, accountability, and transparency" to its wide-ranging businesses through more detailed segment-based reporting.

In fact, in preparation of its new quarterly approach, Alphabet Chief Accountant Amie Thuener was kind enough to take to Google's official investor relations blog with a handy earnings prep sheet on Thursday in advance of the report. At the same time, astute investors who tuned in to the conference call following Alphabet's impressive third-quarter report three months ago have already received a solid sneak peek at what to expect.

Specifically, Alphabet management made it clear at the time segment reporting would primarily consist of revenue, profitability, and capital expenditures metrics for the business, broken up into two reporting segments:

On Google

First, on one (very large) hand will be Google, which will undoubtedly account for the vast majority of Alphabet's revenue and earnings power as it encompasses Search, Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, and Google Play -- each of which individually boasted more than 1 billion users globally last quarter -- as well as Ads, Commerce, Apps, Cloud, and hardware products including Chromecast, Chromebooks, and Nexus.

Digging deeper, Alphabet also confirmed it will still provide consolidated reporting for Google's core businesses, including both advertising revenue (up 13% year over year last quarter to $16.8 billion, or 89.9% of total sales) as well as traffic acquisition costs for Google's own sites (where revenue rose 16% to $13.1 billion in Q3) and for Network Members' sites (where revenue climbed 4% to $3.7 billion last quarter).

We should also continue to receive stats for growth in Google's aggregate paid clicks (up 23% last quarter), and aggregate cost-per-click (down 11% in Q3) -- the latter of which essentially measures how much Google makes per ad. But remember, though it may seem concerning that Google's cost-per-click is in a declining trend, that's partly due to strong growth in YouTube viewership, where the platform's TrueView ads reach consumers earlier in the purchase funnel. As a result, TrueView ads tend to monetize at lower -- though perfectly acceptable -- rates compared Google's usual web-based ad impressions.

On "other bets"

On the other hand will be all remaining Alphabet businesses, more affectionately known as "Other Bets."

Previously, these other bets were reported as a relative black box with revenue in the "Other" segment primarily driven by Google Play and hardware devices. But with those two categories now thrown under the Google umbrella, from now on Other Bets data will be combined and disclosed to include efforts like Access/Google Fiber (high speed Internet), Calico (focused on human longevity), Nest (connected home), Verily (formerly Life Sciences), GV and Google Capital (both investment arms), and X (encompassing "moonshot" initiatives and other long-term projects).

What's not clear in this case, however, is exactly how far Google intends to break down revenue and capex, for example, for each of these subsegments or whether our visibility into their individual results may be limited to supplementary management comments to quantify their performance.

For both segments...

Also according to the prep sheet, Alphabet will include each segment's (Google and Other Best) operating income (or loss), stock-based compensation, segment operating income excluding stock-based compensation, capital expenditures, depreciation and amortization, and any impairment charges.

For comparison's sake, Alphabet will also provide prior-year and annual information on these metrics for three full years, which in this report will include all four quarters of 2015, the fourth quarter of 2014, and full-year results for 2015, 2014, and 2013.

Finally, Alphabet will disclose any "reconciling items" for each metric above, with the aim of helping clarify how the amounts reported in each segment relate to Alphabet's consolidated results in its income or cash flow statements. For segment operating income and stock-based compensation, reconciling items will primarily include corporate administrative costs and other miscellaneous items not allocated to any one segment. For CapEx, this will mostly relate to timing differences of payments.

In any case, I know I'm not the only one looking forward to digging in when Alphabet's report hits the wires, especially given the hope expressed by CFO Ruth Porat last quarter.

"By doing this," Porat stated at the time, "we expect that you will be able to better understand how we manage the business, including the pace and allocation of our investments."

Given Alphabet's immense financial resources and world-altering, long-term- oriented ambitions, it's hard to overstate the importance of the perspective such understanding could bring for both current and prospective investors. Alphabet Inc. Looks to Make Google Cardboard a Sturdier Competitor When Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) Oculus Rift virtual reality (VR) headset became available for pre-order in early January, it seemed as if all the hype surrounding what is expected to become a multibillion-dollar business was warranted. Facebook hasn't released sales figures, but as per Oculus founder Palmer Luckey: "Pre-orders are going much better than I ever could have possibly expected."

Oculus' early success bodes well for Facebook, of course, but you can bet others have also taken notice, including Google, which now operates under the Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) umbrella. Alphabet isn't new to VR by any means; it introduced its Google Cardboard back in 2014. Cardboard, which has shipped 5 million units, turns Android phones into a makeshift virtual-reality headset by letting users hold the phone to their eyes.

However, the cheap-looking Cardboard -- it's all of about $20 in these early stages compared to Rift's $599 headset -- didn't appear to stack up, regardless of cost. But following several recent moves, it's now clear Google intends to get serious about VR, and if that means taking down Facebook's Oculus, so be it.

The gloves are coming off

Facebook has a large mountain to climb to catch Alphabet as the digital ad king, but strides are being made, and in 2016, investors can add another battle in the Alphabet vs. Facebook war: virtual reality. The first indication that Google was taking its entry into VR seriously came a couple of weeks ago, when it was revealed that Google was forming a distinct, VR-centric business unit with former VP of product development Clay Bavor in charge.

Bavor isn't new to Cardboard, having led its development and early release in 2014. But now, Bavor's full-time responsibility is to get Cardboard ready for the masses before losing too much time, and market share, to Facebook's Oculus. And Bavor is already doing just that.

Shortly after the new VR division and Bavor appointment were announced, Google introduced a significantly enhanced audio experience for Cardboard users. One of Alphabet's many acquisitions last year was Thrive Audio, a specialist in 3D sound solutions, and it's using the technology to improve Cardboard. In addition to now offering consumers a full, 360-degree audio experience, developers are able to create eerily realistic sounds.

For example, if your VR experience takes you spelunking, the sound will adapt to include the echo-like audio that being in a cave would deliver. With Bavor focused solely on VR, investors can expect the introduction of a lot more enhancements to Cardboard before long. And Alphabet has VR plans other than taking on Facebook via its Google Cardboard.

Beyond today's Cardboard

Alphabet said it intends to bring the VR experience to its wildly popular YouTube property, expanding on its early stage efforts that began in late 2015. Facebook fans may recall that it began testing its own 360-degree, VR-like ads and non-commercial video content last year as well. Based on Alphabet's recent hiring of Scott Broock from privately held Jaunt as head of its YouTube VR initiative, it's serious about getting developers onboard to generate more VR content.

Today's iteration of Cardboard requires the use of a smartphone, putting it directly in the path of Samsung's Gear VR. But with Alphabet's existing mobile-device manufacturer relationships and its renewed focus on VR, developing a more Oculus Rift-like VR headset solution to directly compete with Facebook wouldn't be a stretch.

The brewing battle between Facebook and Google for VR domination isn't on the same scale as the fight for digital ad spend by any means, but it does turn the tables. Alphabet is now in the unfamiliar position of looking up at its primary competitor. How much ground can Google make up in 2016 in its efforts to catch Facebook's Oculus, now that it's focusing more people and resources on VR? Only time will tell, but it will sure be an intriguing clash for investors to watch unfold. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): The Bullish Breakout and Uptrend Continues Corey Rosenbloom: With the market bounce continuing today, Google (NASDAQ:GOOGL)   one of our  strong stocks getting stronger    also broke higher above resistance to trigger a new breakout.

Let s quickly update our Google charts (we still refuse to call it  Alphabet ) and plot the next pathway:

As noted previously, the $700.00 per share level was the downside target low (achieved) and the critical  Make or Break  support pivot.

Ultimately shares held support and buyers stepped in aggressively to rally the stock up away from $700.

From there, price retraced to the first target   the 20/50 day EMA overlap   at $740 per share.

This week price (buyers) broke firmly on higher volume ABOVE this key level to trigger the new breakout and extend the bullish swing (and ongoing uptrend).

Watch for a possible swing (pathway) higher  up away from  the $740 level  toward  $780 to $800.

Whatever additional methods of analysis you re using, keep this simple level and price pathway in mind.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Corey Rosenbloom from Afraid to Trade. 12 Facts You May Not Have Known About Alphabet's Google Alphabet's(NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google has become the rare company that crossed over from a brand name to a generic.

Like the word "Kleenex" being used for a tissue, or "Frisbee" being substituted for a flying disc, or "Coke" for any type of soda, so "Google" now means searching on the Internet. Of course, because the search leader so thoroughly dominates its core business, there's a good chance that even when the term is used generically, the actual search will take place on Google.com.

And while it's become one of the most recognizable brands in the world, the company still has its mysteries. Here are 12 things you may not have known about Google:

1. While Google.com is the most-visited website in the United States and the world, according to Alexa.com (an Amazon.com company), and the U.S. is its top market, providing over 34% of its traffic this month, Google.com is not the top website in its No. 2 market. The search giant gets 10.1% of its traffic from India, according to Alexa, but it's second in the market behind ... itself. Google.co.in tops the chart in India, with its parent site coming in just below.

2. Before Google creators Larry Page and Sergey Brin collaborated on Google, the two then-Stanford grad students had a search project called Backrub, which lived on the school's servers for more than a year.

3. Google sometimes replaces its logo with an alternative version, which the company calls Google Doodles. Though these usually just appear for a day, the search engine keeps an archive of them, which can be found here.

4. While Google doesn't maintain its own inventory like Amazon, it has dipped its toe into the sales game. The search giant competes with the online retailer in a number of markets with Google Express -- a same-day shopping service in partnership with a number of top retailers. Google has also pursued federal permission to use drones for delivery -- much as Amazon has -- which likely would be part of an effort to compete more heavily in selling goods.

5. Nearly all of the money Google makes comes from advertising. In the third quarter of 2015, the company reported $18.67 billion in total sales, with $16.78 billion coming from the sale of ads. That makes Google the biggest ad seller in the digital world, outpacing second-place Facebook by over four times. The social-media company posted $4.29 billion in ad sales in its most recent quarter.

6. Google lets people select a number of joke languages for search, including "Bork, Bork, Bork!," the distinctive dialect of the Swedish Chef from The Muppets, and Klingon, as spoken by the Star Trek aliens.

7. Google has a strong commitment to clean energy, and the company has invested in a number of projects to deliver renewable-energy sources that are sustainable and affordable. "To help make this a reality, we invest in innovative, large-scale energy projects," the company wrote on a Web page. "To date, we've made agreements to fund nearly $2.5 billion in clean energy wind and solar projects."

The company's biggest investment is a $300 million portfolio fund with SolarCity, which will be invested in residential rooftop solar placements in 15 states over a 12-month period.

8. The company's name was derived from the word "googol," a mathematical term for the number represented by the numeral 1 followed by 100 zeros. This name reflected "Larry and Sergey's mission to organize a seemingly infinite amount of information on the Web," according to the company's own history page.

9. In 2015, the most searched event or person of the year was the November terrorist attacks in Paris, with nearly 900 million searches. That easily beat out Star Wars (155 million), and Adele, who came in second with 439 million searches.

10. Sun Microsystems co-founder Andy Bechtolsheim was Google's first real investor, putting in $100,000 in August 1998 before the company technically existed and before it actually had a bank account.

11. Google first appeared as a top-20 website in 2001, placing 11th for the year, according to a Washington Post chart. AOL claimed the top position that year, with the defunct (at least in their original incarnations) Lycos and InfoSpace both placing ahead of Google.com, which didn't take No. 1 until 2008.

12. While the Android programming language has become heavily associated with the Google brand, the company didn't create it. The search giant bought the little-known start-up for $50 million in 2005, according to Bloomberg. The news site wrote at the time that the company was doing it to acquire employees, including co-founder Andy Rubin, who previously started mobile-device maker Danger Inc., which was all Google would confirm in its initial statement:

"We acquired Android because of the talented engineers and great technology," Google stated. "We're thrilled to have them here." Alphabet? Google? Either way, it's ready to rumble When Larry Page charges at you with a hockey stick, he doesn't talk trash. Known for being the silent type, Page is quiet and focused and lets his brother-in-arms, Sergey Brin, do the whooping.

That was the dynamic between the duo whenever they played roller hockey, a favorite pastime. But it's also what defines Google, the company they co-founded in 1998 as twentysomethings. Now the two have a bold new play. Their goal: to have their now-giant tech company feel once again like a scrappy startup, with Page focused on expanding the businesses and Brin touting their most ambitious projects.

Next week Page and Brin will give us our first real glimpse inside Alphabet, a new corporate structure that makes several of the company's divisions, including the Google search engine itself, subsidiaries. Under the new organization, projects like Google's life sciences effort, called Verily, and smart-home device maker Nest become semi-independent companies. Alphabet reports financial earnings Monday. That's when the company will also share for the first time how some of its more experimental projects, so-called moon shots like a high-speed Internet service and delivery drones, have fared from a business perspective. The company, though, said Thursday that it won't be as detailed as some hoped.

2:41 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF

James Leynse/Corbis

For those of us who use Google's online apps and services, like Gmail and Google Docs, nothing really changes. The reorganization is mostly business jujitsu, intended to make investors happier by separating the money-making business engines from the projects still getting up to speed.

But their approach with Alphabet is actually a monumental move. Google is one of the most ambitious companies in the world. The tech it puts its brainpower behind can change industries, as was the case when Google announced it was working on self-driving cars in 2010. Automakers in Detroit initially scoffed. Now every major car company has an autonomous-driving initiative. That's what Google does to complacent industries: It charges at them, even if quietly, with a hockey stick.

"Sergey and I are seriously in the business of starting new things," Page said in a 976-word letter to the world when they unveiled the idea for Alphabet in August. "Our model is to have a strong CEO who runs each business, with Sergey and me in service to them as needed."

The decision to scramble Google, and to do it so gleefully as the company turns 18 this year, is classic Page and Brin. They've always done things a little differently, according to friends, mentors, business partners, employees and former employees interviewed for this story. Those Page and Brin fans say the lineage of this massive rewrite of Google can be traced to the early roller hockey days of their company.

Bruised and bloodied

To figure out what makes the iconic co-founders of Google tick, you need to go back to warm California nights at the turn of the millennium. In a nondescript parking lot outside Google's offices in Mountain View, cordoned off with police tape and traffic cones, Page, Brin and around 20 of their earliest employees played full-contact pickup roller hockey a few nights a week. They were decked out in official Google jerseys, with the company's colorful logo emblazoned on the front.

The matches weren't always gentle.

"People came back bruised and bloodied," remembers Doug Edwards, Google's former director of consumer marketing.

"Sergey was a little bit of a puck hog," recalls another early employee. That is, "unless Larry was playing, in which case, Sergey passed to him quite a lot. How's that for allegory?"

Now some 15 years later, the duo is charging forward again, with Page taking the puck. He'll lead as CEO of Alphabet, and his job will be to tap new leaders for its many businesses and make sure the company has its eyes focused on the future. Brin, Alphabet's president, serves as tech visionary, continuing in a role that's led him to push Google into self-driving cars, Wi-Fi-beaming balloons and smart eyewear.

Page and Brin, through spokespeople, declined requests to be interviewed.

But in his Alphabet letter, Page said, "From the start, we've always strived to do more, and to do important and meaningful things with the resources we have."

A careful read of his plans shows that the most important letters in Google's alphabet are DNA.

The user interface

Page, now 43, and Brin, 42, met in 1995 at an orientation at Stanford University, where they both studied computer science as grad students. But they were born worlds apart.

Page is a Michigan man. His grandfather was an assembly line worker for the Chevrolet plant in Flint, and his entire immediate family attended the University of Michigan. Brin, in contrast, was born in communist Moscow and came to the United States with his family when he was 6. His father was a professor at the University of Maryland, where Brin would go as an undergrad, and his mother worked as a research scientist at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center.

Both Page and Brin credit their outrageous success to education, but not in the way you might think. They insist the key was Montessori schooling, which relies on a method that emphasizes collaborative learning without tests and grades. Other notable Montessori alumni are Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, Sean "P. Diddy" Combs and Golden State Warriors guard Stephen Curry, the NBA's reigning MVP.

"Sergey was a little bit of a puck hog. Unless Larry was playing, in which case, Sergey passed to him quite a lot." Early Google employee, on hockey games with the co-founders

"It was part of that training of not following rules and orders and being self-motivated," Page told TV's "20/20" in 2004. "Questioning what's going on in the world. Doing things a little bit differently."

Terry Winograd, Page's student adviser at Stanford, remembers the rule-breaking. Even after he started Google, Page would visit Winograd and glide into his office on skates. "All I remember is there was a sign at the front door that said 'No rollerblades in the halls,'" says Winograd.

That unique way of doing things meant Page was always a little enigmatic.

"He's quiet and nerdy. I mean that in a positive sense," says Edwards, who was employee No. 59 at the company and wrote a tell-all book called "I'm Feeling Lucky," about his time at Google from 1999 to 2005. "When I was in the room with him, my biggest goal was not to appear completely stupid."

It helped to have Eric Schmidt around. Schmidt, Google's CEO from 2001 to 2011 and now Alphabet's executive chairman, could read Page like no one else, Edwards says. "I refer to Eric as basically Larry's UI. He is a user interface by which you can understand what Larry is up to," Edwards says. "Because Larry is not very good at communicating that."

Enlarge Image   Catherine Karnow/Corbis

That doesn't mean Page doesn't like to have fun. At his wedding, Page and his wife, Lucy, went kite sailing into the sunset. And one year, for Brin's birthday, Page had Brin's office filled to the brim with giant exercise balls.

But if a Page prank is the exception, a Brin joke is the rule. Thanks to Brin, Google has a long tradition of pulling April Fools' pranks, like announcing in 2007 an Internet connection that's wired through your toilets, or 2005's Google Gulp, a drink that increases your intelligence. Brin once sent out emails telling employees he was leading a class for expectant mothers on the pillars of birthing, Edwards recalls. No one bought it.

Another time, Brin dressed up in a cow costume for Halloween and then went ahead and did an interview with a journalist. "I walked in to tell him the reporter was here, and Sergey was sitting there playing with his udders," recalls a former employee.

"Send him in," Brin replied.

On different planes

One day, more than a decade ago, Page emailed Sebastian Thrun out of the blue, asking if he wanted to see a robot he'd built. Thrun, a robotics expert from Germany, responded and joked about Page having the time to work on a project outside of Google's core mission. He was referring to Google's practice of allowing engineers to indulge curiosity, letting them devote 20 percent of work time to something other than a main project.

The two became friends. Then Page tried to tap Thrun for a project far wackier than anything Google had ever done: driverless cars. He asked Thrun, who had already done work on the subject, to take the lead.

Thrun said it couldn't be done.

"Please explain to me, in technical terms, why it can't be done," Page asked.

Thrun tried to put it into words, but couldn't. "I realized there's probably no explanation other than my lack of imagination," he recalls.

He took on the project, which became the genesis for Google X, the company's secretive research and development lab. Under Alphabet, the lab is its own company, simply known as X. In 2012, Thrun left his day-to-day role to start Udacity, an education startup, and then exited the company altogether in 2014.

Google

Today, Alphabet has its hand in everything, from contact lenses equipped with computer chips that measure the glucose levels in your tears to balloons that fly around the stratosphere beaming Wi-Fi down to remote regions. People often contrast Google to its archrival, Apple, but when you dig deeper you see that they're not really the same. Apple is focused on its core consumer-device line of iPhones, iPads and Macs. Its late co-founder, Steve Jobs, once famously criticized Google for doing too much.

As for Jobs and Page, they're pretty different, though they both looked to legendary tech coach Bill Campbell as a mentor. (Campbell declined to comment.)

In fact, the two leaders are so opposite that "they are not even on the same planes of existence," says one person who worked in senior roles for both Apple and Google.

"There's enormous differences," he says. "Steve [was] a relentless driver, very in the moment. He [was] a great storyteller."

"Larry is not a storyteller. He's a futurist," he says. "His brain is always 10 or 20 years in the future."

It's that futurist mentality that attracts entrepreneurs to Google. And making sure those entrepreneurs can work in an environment that appeals to them is one of the main reasons for the Alphabet restructuring.

Google helped pioneer an acquisition strategy that's become the norm for tech companies. When the search giant bought YouTube in 2006, it vowed to let the budding video service keep some of its independence. Now YouTube is one of the brightest stars of Google's business.

The practice became a kind of Silicon Valley currency. Autonomy was as worthy a bargaining chip as stock options. Google bought Nest in 2013 for $3 billion, and it has become a model for how Alphabet companies should run.

Google also bought social-navigation app Waze in 2013 for nearly $1 billion. Co-founder Noam Bardin had Google's treatment of YouTube in mind when joining Google, he told CNET last year.

Waze has in some ways integrated itself into Google. While Nest has kept its offices separate, Waze moved its US headquarters from Palo Alto to Google's mothership in Mountain View. But Bardin insists Waze has stayed the same in every way that matters, especially when it comes to autonomy. "It was important for Larry to come and talk to us before the acquisition," Bardin said. "When he looks you in the eye and discusses it, it's from a fellow entrepreneur."

From the beginning

The Alphabet announcement wasn't the first time Page and Brin shocked the staid financial community.

When Google went public in 2004, the company did several things out of the ordinary. For starters, the initiative was called Project Denny's, because an early meeting over going public was so secret it was held at the roadside diner chain, said Lise Buyer, Google's former director of business optimization, who helped lead the company through the IPO.

The company also used a "Dutch" Internet auction to round up investors, instead of going the traditional route of having an investment bank do all the work buying and allocating shares. Page and Brin also wrote a 4,000-word manifesto on the kind of public company Google would be. From it, the company's famous mantra, "Don't be evil," was born.

Jeff Chiu/ /AP/Corbis

Most notably, Google also used a stock structure that gave Page and Brin more control over the company than founders usually have.

A lot of those things, except the Dutch auction, have become pretty standard for other tech companies in the years since. But even Page and Brin couldn't push through all their ideas. One example: Google only wanted shareholders who knew what the business was doing, so the company wanted to require potential investors to take a five-question quiz before they would be allowed to buy. Nothing crazy -- simple questions like "What is the name of our advertising product?" to prove they were up to speed. The SEC didn't think a quiz like that was appropriate, Buyer recalls, so it didn't happen.

That's not the only thing the founders toned down. When, before the 2004 IPO, the two went to New York to pitch investors as part of what's commonly called a road show, people who attended some of those meetings said Page and Brin were arrogant and difficult when asked questions about the business. Plus, they were in casual Silicon Valley garb, out of place for buttoned-up Wall Street.

After the first meeting, the co-founders realized something was wrong and asked assistants to go out that night and buy them suits, says Buyer. "The next day, the turtlenecks were gone and they were wearing jackets."

For people who know Page and Brin, Alphabet wasn't a surprise. Most people interviewed for this story used the same word to describe it: inevitable.

"Larry had this vision from the very beginning," says Edwards. "It was never going to be just search. That's just where he started."

Page and Brin still don't wear suits if they don't need to. Page sports a puffy bubble jacket when it's cold, and Brin often wears athletic gear and Crocs. (Crocs didn't respond to multiple requests for comment regarding Brin's affinity for the footwear.)

They've come a long way from those Google hockey jerseys. But also, not really.

Says Winograd, Page's adviser at Stanford: "They always had the sense of, 'Let's try something, and if it sounds crazy, maybe it's worth trying. We'll find out.'" Is Facebook Inc (FB) the New 'It' Stock? The gloom and doom of the markets has an exception: Facebook Inc (FB).

Hey, the company has yet again posted a blow-out earnings report. And yes, Facebook stock is soaring, up about 13% to $107. That puts the market cap at a staggering $302 billion, which places the company among the top-tier of tech operators like Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL), Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Apple Inc. (AAPL).

Actually, in a recent article for InvestorPlace.com, I noted that Facebook stock looked attractive, especially in light of the wrenching correction in the markets. Although, I wasn t anticipating that Q4 would be so strong.

OK then, so does FB stock still make sense right now? Or should investors hold off?

Facebook s Earnings Results

Well, first of all, let s take a deeper look at the quarter: Revenues jumped by 52% to $5.84 billion and earnings came to 79 cents per share, up 46%. As for the Street, the consensus was for revenues of $5.37 billion and earnings of 68 cents per share.

The fact is that FB continues to benefit from its global scale. Keep in mind that during Q4, the costs rose by only 21%. As a result, the company was able to generate a profit over $1.56 billion. By comparison, Twitter Inc s (TWTR) revenues during its latest quarter were $569 million!

But the FB results should be no surprise. The company has extensive demographic information on a user base of 1.59 billion. Oh, over 90% of the monthly and daily users are on mobile and there are 100 million of hours of videos watched daily.

In other words, FB stock is a goldmine for advertisers (by the way, there are more than 2.5 million of those that currently use the platform).

While all this is great, the company is still making investments on longer-term initiatives, which should help keep the growth machine humming and bolster Facebook stock.

One of the efforts is virtual reality (VR), which involves the immersive headset called Oculus Rift. During the FB earnings call, Zuckerberg said:

 This Oculus launch is shaping up to be a big moment for the gaming community. But over the long-term, VR has the potential to change the way that we live, work and communicate as well. The launch is an important step towards the future, and we re really looking forward to seeing how people use it. 

What s more, another key potential driver for long-term growth is messaging. Consider that WhatsApp has a user base of nearly 1 billion and Messenger s is at about 800 million. All in all, these platforms can be moneymakers with ecommerce as well payments services. Such things are already being done successfully by WeChat in China.

Bottom Line on Facebook Stock

The valuation on Facebook stock is certainly not cheap. Keep in mind that the forward price-to-earnings ratio is about 29X. Although, this is still not out of whack when compared to rivals. For example, LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) has a multiple 52X and TWTR s is at 30X.

Besides, FB still has plenty of revenue levers. For example, there is the fast-growing video business, as well as Instagram, which has over 400 million users. And again, there is the long-term potential from properties like Messenger, WhatsApp and Oculus Rift.

In other words, for investors looking for a great way to play some of the megatrends in technology   such as mobile, video and VR   Facebook stock still looks like a very good choice.

Tom Taulli runs the InvestorPlace blog IPO Playbook. He is also the author of High-Profit IPO Strategies, All About Commodities and All About Short Selling. Follow him on Twitter at @ttaulli. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace 
2016-06-01
Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) Compared to Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) 

Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) Compared to Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)





ADVERTISING

P

#1

ONLINE ADVERTISING MARKET



#2

ONLINE MOBILE ADVERTISING MARKET



#3

FACEBOOK MOBILE ADVERTISING FORECASTS



#4

#5

While the headlines touch on it, the reality seen in charts is absolutely unexpected. Let's examine in just a few charts the complete leadership that Alphabet, Inc. and Facebook are experiencing in the online advertising realm, how they compare to each other, and why Facebook has one quarter of Alphabet, Inc.'s revenue but is more than half as large in market cap.We can start broadly and note that Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook, INc. (NASDAQ:FB) combined account for more than 75% of the total online advertising market:It's also critical to note that while Facebook's growth is nearly 60% year-over-year, it's advertising (and total revenue) islower than Alphabet, Inc.'s. This is only U.S. data, but we're looking at nearly $30 billion in ad revenue for Alphabet, Inc. versus less than $8 billion for Facebook. Of course Facebook is growing faster than Alphabet, Inc., it's tiny compared to it.If we look at raw numbers, Alphabet, Inc. has shown $5 billion in ad revenue growth from2014 to 2015 in the United States, while Facebook showed just $2.5 billion, Let's not lose the forest for the tress. Further 97% of Facebook's revenue comes from ads, while Alphabet, Inc. is at around 80% -- meaning Alphabet, Inc. has a substantially more diversified business.Having said all of the above in comparing Alphabet, Inc. to Facebook, Inc. when we dive into the details, mobile is by far the fastest growing segment of online advertising, and Facebook is the king.Desktop advertising, charted in the dark blue color has started to stagnate while mobile is just taking off. Facebook, Inc. gets 79% of its revenue from mobile, while Alphabet, Inc. drove $24 billion in 2015 from mobile ads out of a total of $67.4 billion. That's just 35% of its revenue from mobile ads.While Facebook reported $19.7 billion in total revenue in the last year, if you're wondering how its valuation can be anywhere near Alphabet, Inc.'s given the data above, it's this chart you're looking for:Mobile ads alone are forecast to reach over $60 billion within a few years. Now, that's a forecast, not a fact, but it is the bullish thesis behind Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) if we had to sum it up in one chart.Now we can turn to Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) worldwide revenue from advertising -- this is mobile and desktop combined:There is the $67.4 billion umber we discussed above.All of those charts are predicated on an underlying theme that is absolutely remarkable. Video advertising has quickly become the most important and valuable space in the adverting industry and Alphabet, Inc. and Facebook are the kings. Review this chart that shows the most popular video sites in the industry:We have an entire dossier on the significant shift to online video ads and how the $220 billion linear TV advertising industry is about to crumble and Alphabet, Inc. and Facebook, Inc. are going to pick up the pieces. 
2016-05-29
These 4 Billionaires Just Bet Big on Alphabet Inc. Stock When billionaires sell shares, they tend to make waves. The Motley Fool would never advise you to follow those market-movers' every footstep, but it certainly can't hurt to watch where the big money is flowing.

Last quarter, 18 billionaire traders added a total of $2.6 billion to their collective holdings in Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Sure, that's only 0.5% of the Google parent's massive market cap, but some of these fresh bets by proven master investors are very significant in context of each buyer's current portfolio.

In particular, the four biggest Alphabet buys made me wonder whether I should be adding to my own position sometime soon. Here's what I found.

These billionaires are betting big on Alphabet right now

In a review of recent Form 13F filings, where hedge fund owners and other billionaires report their trades on a quarterly basis, several well-known hedge funds were seen adding to their Alphabet holdings -- or even kick-starting brand new positions from scratch.

Risk management expert Bruce Kovner's Caxton Associates pumped another $273 million into its Alphabet holdings during the quarter. That's an 89% increase from the last report, three months earlier. Big Caxton buys can be seen as an endorsement of the stock's low risk profile. Some investors would not apply that "low risk" label to Alphabet, and that's fine. In my view, it's exactly the kind of stock you can buy now and keep for twenty years or more, never losing any sleep over Google and its satellite businesses.

Then we have Glenview Capital Management, under the wing of billionaire Larry Robbins, increasing its Alphabet stake by a modest 10.6%. But Glenview already has a huge holding of this stock, so it's still an impressive $150 million investment that brings its total stock ownership to $1.4 billion. Robbins is an unusual hedge fund manager because he likes to buy and hold for the long term, looking for solid growth stories at reasonable prices.

For example, Glenview bought a lot of hospital stocks as Obamacare inched toward final approval, and made a killing on that correct investment thesis. Many funds would have sold off those stakes by now, but hospital chains and health insurance companies still make up the largest holdings in Glenview's portfolio.

And don't forget about Leon Cooperman, whose Omega Advisors fund scooped up $184 million worth of Alphabet shares this quarter. The stock used to account for 1.3% of the fund's total holdings, but this move lifted Alphabet to a 2.5% share of invested assets. It's now the single largest holding in Omega's portfolio. Numero uno, folks.

Cooperman prefers hand-picking growth stocks, despite the risks involved in choosing growth stocks in an eternal minefield of potential duds. Cooperman's motto is "any stock or bond at the right price," and his investing style is often compared to Warren Buffett's but without Buffett's single-minded pursuit of industries he knows inside and out.

Omega's investment balances out Glenview's low-risk badge with an endorsement from a fund with a much higher risk tolerance and larger appetite for growth potential. When both of these funds are chasing the same stock, it points to a tantalizing blend of stability and growth potential. Like I said, that's exactly what I see happening in Alphabet.

This particular investment feels a little bit tainted due to Omega's repeated involvement in SEC investigations, including a $500,000 fine for alleged bribery in 1998. You could write Cooperman's opinion off like spoiled meat, or you could forgive, forget, and analyze his moves anyway. Your choice -- just making sure you're not ignoring this elephant in the room.

Let me also point out that Pennant Capital Management built an Alphabet investment from zero to $534 million during this quarter. It's the largest Alphabet increase among the hedge fund moves in our study, and the stock shot from nowhere to the fifth largest holding in Pennant's portfolios.

Unfortunately, little is known about Pennant's investment style, since the service is closed to new investors and management is keeping details close to the vest. We do know that fund leader Alan Fournier cut his investing teeth under David Tepper at Appaloosa Management, which specializes in turnaround stories and broken stocks in need of a fix. Neither thesis seems to apply to Alphabet, so the Tepper connection is probably just a red herring.

Who else is buying Alphabet shares?

Alphabet had a great year in 2015, with share prices rising more than 42%. So far, 2016 hasn't worked out quite that well, and the stock is underperforming the broader market. These billionaires are not simply going with the flow, but placing big bets while other investors are showing less conviction.

Digging into the business, Alphabet is riding the twin trends of mobile search and online video viewing to strong revenue and earnings results. The company doesn't always beat Wall Street's targets, but Alphabet doesn't publish forward guidance around which analysts could build their financial models.

Meanwhile, Alphabet shares have backed down to P/E and cash flow valuation ratios that would feel familiar to a time-traveling investor dropping in from 2013. And the Alphabet of 2026 will look very different from the one we see today, as it's evolving into a conglomerate with lots of operations not based in cyberspace.

For all these reasons, I see why both risk-hater Larry Robbins and growth-lover Leon Cooperman are diving deeper into Alphabet right now. Between them, they're giving it a ringing endorsement. 
2016-08-19
Who Will Win the Google vs. Oracle Legal Battle? From Zacks : The Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) vs. Oracle case seems to be winding on forever and current developments don t even seem too newsy any more. But that doesn t mean it s all over, not by a long shot.

The last we heard about it, Google won the case against Oracle on the principle of fair use, a decision Oracle vowed to appeal. That s because fair use is a kind of defense where the offender admits to the offense (in this case copyright infringement) but explains why the infringement was justified.

Normally,  fair use  can be resorted to when the offender is able to show that a) the infringement benefited many, so was for common good; b) if the copyrighted material was a small part of the end product created, i.e., there was true originality/innovation in the product created that is distinguishable from the copyrighted material; c) if the infringement can cause material harm to the original work, for example by reducing its market value or impacting its ability to generate revenue.

There is no dispute about Android s usefulness: it has enabled many phone makers with limited means to bring smartphones to market thereby increasing competition and lowering the price of smartphones. This in turn has made smartphones accessible to many more. Further, it has created an ecosystem of developers that can depend on it for their livelihood. Google s own revenue generation is indirect: it only makes money when customers use its apps that are pre-loaded on the devices.

Second, there is also no dispute about the end product. In fact, the lines of Java code used in Android are important but a tiny fraction of Android. Java use in Android is essentially restricted to the application programming interface (API), a virtual machine-powered application platform on top of the OS that helps to add functionality to devices because it allows third-party apps to run on them. In this case, Google used Java SE (the desktop version) and not Java ME (the mobile version).

Third, whether there is material harm to Oracle is debatable because while Android is a tremendous force today, that s not the way it started out. Android grew over time and Oracle didn t buy Sun (which created Java) until Android was already successful. Oracle could theoretically have devoted resources and time to develop on Java, but instead it thought it could get a bite out of Android.

As far as Sun is concerned, its former CEO Jonathan Schwartz has testified in court that  We had the foundational technologies to make it work, but we weren t able to get it to market in time It s very difficult. We had R&D choices we had to make. We couldn t fund every project.  Further, on being asked whether Sun s failure to launch a Java-based smartphone had anything to do with Android, he said  No. 

But that s not the end of the story.

The Role of APIs

APIs are like gateways or better, sockets in hardware that third parties plug their stuff into. They constitute software code that enable different programs to communicate with each other.

So it s important that these APIs remain neutral so companies can t fleece the world at large every time they are used. Media reports indicate that courts have thus far ruled in favor of maintaining this neutrality of APIs. And that s exactly why the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) has repeatedly filed amicus curiae (friend/impartial advisor to the court) briefs so the courts hold that APIs aren t copyrightable and to prevent Oracle from monetizing the Java API through its acquisition of Sun.

And in fact, the case revealed that it was Sun s practice to allow companies to freely use Java APIs. Sun s strategy in those days was to use this approach to extend Java s reach as far as possible so more developers would build on it. The idea was that once the ecosystem gathered momentum, it would help Sun sell other products.

So was Google under the impression that it could get away without a license? From the publicly available information it is difficult to determine whether Google thought it needed a license. It s clear that Sun wanted a commercial relationship with Google that didn t work out for some reason. According to Schwartz it was  a combination of money and technical dependence. Google didn t want to rely, as best as I understand, on anyone else. 

Then again, former Android head Andy Rubin testified in court that Sun didn t want Google to give away Android for free (this could have been because it s hard to fix lucrative licensing terms for something free). Alphabet chairman Eric Schmidt said he had been willing to fork out $30-40 million for a five-year license but what exactly that license was for is unclear. It might have been for the code Google used or something more than that (since the Java logo was supposed to appear in various places in that arrangement and the talks may have fallen apart because of Google s desire to give away the OS for free).

The May 2016 hearing in which the jury ruled in favor of Google s fair use was therefore good news for the future of software development (and every Android user because we are not using a criminally infringing device).

So Why Are We Bringing This Up Again Today?

Oracle lawyers are now saying that Google withheld key information. One of the defenses Google took in the retrial depended was that it had used the desktop version of Java while Android was used in mobile devices. Oracle says that the recent launch of Google Play on Chrome therefore renders this defense groundless. They therefore think another retrial is justified so the jury can have access to this information.

Google s response was that during discovery Oracle had asked for and received information about App Runtime for Chrome (ARC), so Oracle could have pursued the matter then. And the update ARC++ was still in the works at the time, so wasn t mentioned, especially since  it was beyond the scope of the trial .

The judge told Google  If I had been in your position, I would have disclosed.  But he also questioned Oracle s asking for a retrial because it didn t use the information available to influence this jury and was asking for another hearing. He will rule on the new angle in writing.

In Conclusion

This case isn t likely to get resolved any time soon and both companies still have a fair chance to win. Google could simply take a license or Oracle could simply back off. But neither of those two things looks like it s going to happen.

Here are a few companies you could focus on instead as they have favorable Zacks ranks and are therefore worth a look: NVIDIA Corp (NVDA   Analyst Report) , Paylocity Holdings (PCTY   Snapshot Report) and Autobytel Inc (ABTL   Snapshot Report).

This article is brought to you courtesy of Zacks Research. Alphabet Inc: Will  Google Duo  Drive GOOG Stock? By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : August 19, 2016

Google Duo Could Be a Catalyst for Google Stock

On August 16, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), better known as Google, announced the imminent launch of its new mobile app for video calls. It s now here and it s called  Google Duo.  But can it drive Google stock higher?

After taking aim at the Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)  iOS  and its limited storage capacity, Google has launched Google Duo. Users who want a simple-to-use alternative to video chat apps such as  Skype  or Apple s  FaceTime,  can already download it from the Google Play store.

By itself, Google Duo will not contribute much to Google stock. But, combined with the success of its other apps and Duo is certainly not going to be the last Google stock will certainly stay around the all-time highs reached in the past few weeks. Then again, Google wants Duo to be the fastest video calling app in the market.

Google Duo: It s All About Simplicity

If Duo proves to be as easy and reliable to use in practice as it presents itself on paper, it could be a massive success. All users can install Google Duo on their smartphone. They simply indicate their phone number on the app and enter the security code they get in an SMS. Then they get access to a clear and easy-to-use interface. Everything is free. It sounds as exciting as  Skype  was when it first came out over a decade ago. Oh, just to be clear: Duo can be downloaded on  Android  as well as iOS devices.

Like Skype, Duo also challenges messaging applications such as  WhatsApp  and  Facebook Messenger.  To promote its new application, Google has stressed the image quality of the video with Duo. It also features a charming and original feature: a  Knock Knock  sound, which advises users about an incoming call, complete with a video preview, before they answer. Does Duo have what it takes to overthrow its older rivals?

Read: Google Stock: Alphabet Inc Delivers Reality Check to iPhone Users

WhatsApp, which allows users to send text messages and hold video conversations, can already boast over a billion users. Skype, which like Duo can be used as easily on mobile device as on a computer, claims to have retained over 300 million users. Therefore, Duo has some tough numbers to overcome if it s going to make a dent. But, it has some advantages.

Duo will clearly target the Android phone user. There are more smartphones worldwide running Android related to Google than iOS or  Windows.  So, on compatibility alone, Google s Duo has huge potential. Indeed, as Nick Fox, Google s communications division VP, said, the idea is maximum simplicity. (Source: Google s new video-chatting app is finally here, but the best feature doesn t work for iPhone users, Business Insider, Aug.16, 2016.)

Google Has Other Calling Apps: Why Duo?

Google already has a video-chat app called  Google Hangouts.  Google Duo aims to be simpler and offer decent quality even when the reception is not very good. Duo has deliberately avoided edgy features. (Source: Ibid.) Therefore, it seems that Google is not really aiming to compete against Skype or FaceTime at all. Duo seems more like an effort to develop something entirely new.

 It s simple, therefore I am  seems to be its philosophy. More than that, Duo marks the latest salvo to push Google deeper into the social media market, where it s lagging behind other Silicon Valley giants. Duo is a cheap way to catch up to its competitors in a growing market and take advantage of the possibly successful application to expand its reputation and audience. So, Google Duo could ultimately be an important tool to push Google stock higher.

Google came late to the social media party. It has yet to really establish itself as a reference in the field of mobile communications, despite the popularity of Android hardware. Between  Google Voice,  Hangouts, and  Google+,  its strategy for new forms of communication and social media has not yet defined itself. Hangouts, its video conferencing platform, already offers a similar service to Duo. But many users were turned off by the need to use an associated Google e-mail address. The simple use of a phone number does admittedly make using Duo much easier.

Bottom Line for Google Stock

Google seems less focused now on the monetization aspect of Duo and more on getting user numbers up. But Duo shows Google s determination to get this social media thing right. If Duo proves to be a hit, it could boost Google s social media potential, eventually reflecting in a higher valuation for GOOG stock. AT&T, Apple, Google to work on 'robocall' crackdown WASHINGTON More than 30 major technology and communication companies said on Friday they are joining the U.S. government to crack down on "robocalls," automated, prerecorded phone calls that regulators have labeled a "scourge."

AT&T Inc (T.N), Google parent Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), Apple Inc (AAPL.O), Verizon Communications Inc (VZ.N) and Comcast Corp (CMCSA.O) are among members of the "Robocall Strike Force" that held its first meeting with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission.

The strike force will report to the FCC by Oct. 19 on "concrete plans to accelerate the development and adoption of new tools and solutions," said AT&T Chief Executive Officer Randall Stephenson, chairman of the group.

The strike force hopes to implement Caller ID verification standards to help block calls from spoofed phone numbers and consider a "Do Not Originate" list that would block spoofers from impersonating legitimate phone numbers from governments, banks or others.

FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler in July urged major companies to take new action to block robocalls, which often come from telemarketers or scam artists.

"This scourge must stop," Wheeler said on Friday, calling robocalls the No. 1 complaint from consumers.

"The bad guys are beating the good guys with technology," Wheeler said. In the past, he has said robocalls continue "due in large part to industry inaction."

Stephenson emphasized "the breadth and complexity" of the problem.

"This is going to require more than individual company initiatives and one-off blocking apps," Stephenson said. "Robocallers are a formidable adversary, notoriously hard to stop."

The FCC does not require robocall blocking and filtering but has strongly encouraged phone service providers to offer those services at no charge.

The strike force brings together carriers, device makers, operating system developers, network designers and the government.

"We have to come out of this with a comprehensive play book for all of us to go execute," Stephenson said. "We have calls that are perfectly legal, but unwanted, like telemarketers and public opinion surveyors. At the other end of the spectrum, we have millions of calls that are blatantly illegal."

Stephenson said technical experts representing the companies have had "preliminary conversations about short- and longer-term initiatives."

Joan Marsh, AT&T vice president of federal regulatory issues, called the problem complicated. "We have been wrangling with this problem long enough to know there is no silver bullet," she said. "Nothing by itself is going to do it."

Other companies taking part include Blackberry Ltd (BB.TO), British Telecommunications Plc [BTCOM.UL], Charter Communications Inc (CHTR.O), Frontier Communications (FTR.O), LG Electronics Inc (066570.KS), Microsoft Corp (MSFT.O), Nokia Corp (NOKIA.HE), Qualcomm Inc (QCOM.O), Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS), Sirius XM Holdings Inc (SIRI.O), T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS.O) and U.S. Cellular Corp (USM.N).

Consumers Union, a public advocacy group, said the task force is a sign "phone companies are taking more serious steps to protect their customers from unwanted calls."

(Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Lisa Von Ahn and David Gregorio) 
2016-10-10
Alphabet Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar If you follow tech giant Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) closely, you may want to mark your calendar. Formerly Google, the search giant's parent company reports third-quarter results on Thursday, Oct. 27. With shares rising about 12% in the past month and trading around a new all-time high set during the quarter, investors will likely be watching the company's earnings release closely to see if Alphabet can live up to high expectations.

Ahead of Alphabet's third-quarter earnings release, here's an early look at what to expect.

Expectations for revenue and EPS

Ahead of Alphabet's earnings release, analysts have a consensus estimate for revenue and non-GAAP earnings per share of $22.1 billion and $8.63, respectively. This compares to revenue and non-GAAP EPS of $18.7 billion and $7.35 in the year-ago quarter and $21.5 billion and $8.42 in Q2.

These expectations seem fair and somewhat conservative, given that in Q2 Alphabet's revenue and EPS actually increased at slightly higher rates than the year-over-year growth these estimates imply.

Metric Q2 YOY Growth Q3 YOY Growth Implied by Consensus Analyst Estimate Revenue 21% 18% Non-GAAP EPS 21% 17%

Analyst expectations for slower year-over-year growth in Q3 versus Q2 are likely a reflection of commentary from Alphabet management. The company's most recent earnings call discussed the more difficult year-over-year comparisons Alphabet is about to face.

Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat noted in the second-quarter earnings call that the company's revenue growth rates recently benefited from a change to mobile ad formats made in the third quarter of 2015. The third quarter of 2016, therefore, will be the first quarter with a year-ago comparison including this benefit.

"I'll let you do your own forecasting. But when comparing growth rates, we're obviously at a higher revenue base versus last year," Porat stated, seeming to suggest analysts shouldn't expect recent year-over-year growth rates to persist.

Further supporting expectations for 18% year-over-year revenue growth in Q3, Alphabet's constant currency year-over-year revenue growth in the last quarter before the company began benefiting from its ad format change for mobile was 18%. So, analysts seem to be essentially betting the inclusion of mobile ad format benefits in the year-ago quarter will bring year-over-year growth back to where it was before the company started benefiting from this tailwind.

"Other bets"

Another interesting area to watch will be Google's "other bets" segment. While its $185 million in revenue in the company's most recent quarter, which management said was primarily driven by Nest, Fiber, and Verily, pales in comparison to Alphabet's total second-quarter revenue of $21.5 billion, the segment is growing rapidly. In Q2, the segment's revenue, specifically, was up 150% from the year-ago quarter. Can this small segment keep growing this fast in Q3?

But what will likely be more interesting about the "other bets" segment than how fast it is growing is whether the company is improving the segment's losses. Its operating loss was $859 million in Q2 -- worse than its $660 million loss in the second quarter of 2015.

Investors will be able to find a copy of Alphabet's earnings release on the company's investor relations website after market close on Oct. 27. A live conference call, which will be available on the same page, will discuss third-quarter results at 1:30 p.m. PT. Can The Pixel Make A Dent In Google's Stock?  Why Alphabet Inc (GOOG), Mylan NV (MYL) And Tesaro Inc (TSRO) Are 3 of Today's ... A day after the second presidential debate, stocks rose on speculation that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries will move to limit oil production, sparking a rally in the energy sector.

The S&P 500 Index gained 0.46%, while the Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced 0.49%. The Nasdaq Composite closed higher by 0.69%

On a strong day for U.S. equities, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ: GOOGL ), Mylan NV (NYSE: MYL ) and Tesaro Inc (NASDAQ: TSRO ) were three of Monday s stud performers.

Alphabet Inc (GOOG)

Shares of Google parent Alphabet Inc climbed 1.6% following some bullish analyst commentary on the largest internet search provider.

Axiom Capital s Victor Anthony reiterated a  buy  rating on GOOG while boosting his price target on the stock to $1,000 from $990. The analyst said he expects GOOG to beat estimates when it reports third-quarter earnings on Oct. 27:

 It is well understood that the Google segment is facing a tough comp due to the launch of the third search link on mobile in 3Q15. We are estimating a 430bps deceleration in 3Q16 vs. 2Q16   consensus ranges from 300bps to 450bps. 

Mylan NV (MYL)

Embattled specialty pharmaceuticals maker Mylan surged 8.1% on more than double the average daily volume after the unveiling of a settlement with the Department of Justice related to alleged overpricing of its EpiPen allergic reaction treatment.

MYL said it is settling with DOJ for $465 million to resolve charges the company overcharged the U.S. government for several years for the treatment. Shares of MYL recently tumbled after the company s planned price hike for EpiPen was publicly derided by patients and politicians.

Last Friday, MYL reported that it is being investigated by the Securities and Exchange Commission. The company is also being investigated by the New York Attorney General.

JPMorgan analyst Chris Schott reiterated an  overweight  rating on Mylan today.

TESARO Inc (TSRO)

Shares of biotech firm Tesaro Inc jumped almost 19% on about five times the usual volume after the company revealed positive results in a trial for its experimental drug for ovarian cancer.

Not only did news of the encouraging trial results spark a rally in TSRO, the news stoked bullish moves in the analyst community while prompting some takeover chatter.

For example, Credit Suisse analyst Alethia Young raised her price target on TSRO to $122 from $90, with the new price target being slightly above today s closing price.

In a note posted by Barron s, the analyst said  M&A remains in focus for Tesaro,  noting that  M&A DCF valuations range from $122 to $157 by our model. 

At the time of this writing, Todd Shriber did not own any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Has Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Maps Finally Caught Up With Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been maintaining the lead as far as mapping applications are concerned and the fact that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s Apple Maps has been substandard. Recent improvements might change the outlook for Apple Maps.

For the past few years since its launch, Apple Maps has been considered a disaster because it had a lot of bugs. It was inaccurate and poorly developed, something rare for the Apple brand. It was so bad that Apple CEO Tim Cook once apologized that his company made such a poor product. Luckily, there is a Google Maps version for iOS which has been downloaded by millions of people using iOS.

Fortunately, Apple is aware of the flaws that have prevented Apple Maps from being a great product and has been working on making tweaks that will elevate it to greater heights. Apple has particularly focused on making Apple Maps more pleasant, convenient and robust. The aim is to make the app more appealing to Apple iOS users as well as maintaining their tradition of offering the best in class that Apple can offer.

The iPhone maker has also expanded the app to include the Amtrak network in the US. The coverage also extends to Vancouver and Montreal. The recent upgrade for Apple Maps also aligns with the company s release of iOS 10. The new and improved iOS is expected to encourage iOS users to steer more towards the Apple Maps app instead of Google Maps. Apple believes that the refresh will make Apple Maps more competitive and more acceptable as opposed to the poorly developed predecessor. The question is, will Apple get a second chance here?

Apple s competitive nature has been one of the firm s most important factors towards offering quality products. Hopefully, the company will keep working on the app to make it more user-friendly and accurate. Google has also maintained a strong lead with its refined and easy to use Google Maps.

Google stock closed the latest trading session at $800.71, down by $2.37 or 3% compared to the value of the stock during the previous close.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Facebook Inc Or Alphabet Inc To Become the Superpower Of The Internet? Published By: Ken Bock on October 10, 2016 07:35 am EST

Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) CEO, Mark Zuckerberg looks set to have a showdown with Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) CEO, Sundar Pichai. The two giants look set to battle it out to become the main superpower of the Internet in the future.

Mark Zuckerberg seems to have a long term plan in his mind for Facebook as he showed back in April. A world where everyone is connected to the Internet and AI helps everyone, we use virtual reality as we would use our smartphones to interact with people halfway across the world; an ideal for Facebook. The plan seems to have taken a big step forward as the CEO showed off  Social VR , a combination of 360-degree imagery and the Oculus VR headset. It resulted in an experience which we have never seen before.

However, Facebook isn t alone in that respect. In its latest event on October 04, Alphabet Inc. introduced a lot of new devices including the Daydream VR headset and its newest Artificial Intelligence (AI) bot. It showed how Alphabet also, has only long-term plans in its head, as its strategy seems to be quite similar to Facebook s. Both companies have also traded punches in their moves to take over each other s turf; Google s attempts at becoming a social network and Facebook s attempts at moving into the search side.

Currently, however, their eyes seem to be on web-video social media. Google s YouTube is undoubtedly the top dog, currently in this case. However, Facebook have been investing heavily in making Facebook videos more attractive to media brands and advertisers. However, it doesn t end there. Both companies are looking to integrate AI into everyone s lives. Google CEO, Sundar Pichai recently stated that the company was looking to create an individual Google for every customer. Whereas Facebook has been investing heavily in its AI program to customize every user s newsfeed according to their preferences.

Since the smartphone boom has quietened down, people have started to realize what each of these companies have started doing. The future might seem like a long way away but Google and Facebook are not resting on their laurels. The companies have been tirelessly working to become the biggest company of the future. It might not seem like much right now but all this work would matter a lot in the next ten years or so. As of now, the accolade of becoming the superpower of the Internet is up for grabs. Google drones brought students a Chipotle burrito after a four-mile bus ride Something was buzzing recently at Virginia Tech and it brought Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. burritos along with it.

Alphabet Inc. s GOOG, -0.09% Project Wing, a division of X (formerly known as Google X), tested its delivery drones late last month at the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute, or VTTI, about 4 miles from the main Virginia Tech campus in Blacksburg, Virginia. The deliveries  recipients were Virginia Tech students, including Ben Robson, an industrial systems engineering student and self-described  tech nerd  who was hungry for a burrito and wanted to check out the hype.

Robson registered as a volunteer with Project Wing, he told MarketWatch in a telephone interview. After receiving an invitation to participate, he boarded a Blacksburg Transit Bus prearranged by Project Wing at Virginia Tech s Squires Student Center for a 10-minute ride to VTTI. There, he was chauffeured to a temporary tent situated at the top of the hill, protected in the front with a net. Just down the hill in plain site sat a Chipotle CMG, +1.15% food truck, where the burritos were prepared and loaded into the drones.

 After 10 minutes of waiting, I stepped up to the podium to place my order,  Robson said.  You couldn t customize it besides choosing what type of meat you wanted. 

Robson paid for the cost of the burrito plus a $5.99 delivery fee, which he split with a woman in line next to him since the drone can carry multiple burritos. Then, he waited about five minutes and stepped up to the front of the tent.

 There was a viewing area where you could watch the drone fly toward us,  he said.

The drone descended to its dropping altitude and lowered a box that was attached by a rope. The box of two burritos landed on a target painted onto the grass, pretty close to the middle, the rope was released and the drone flew away

Robson then walked out to the grass to pick up and devour his burrito. The operation was efficient, Robson said, but it wasn t exactly convenient.

Courtesy Makena Glemser Virginia Tech students Makena Glemser (left) and Chloe Colvin hold the box that came from a Google Project Wing drone with their burritos

 I think at first a lot of people thought the burritos would get delivered to our apartment,  said Makena Glemser, a junior at Virginia Tech.  That would have been cooler. If drone delivery actually happened, you wouldn t want to drive somewhere to pick it up. You would want to have it dropped off at your front door. 

That won t happen anytime soon. The Federal Aviation Administration has a number of restrictions on commercial drone operation, including preventing drones from flying beyond the operator s line of sight without a waiver, which preclude tests of a system that could be used more efficiently.

 Efficient operations require the aircraft to be operated beyond visual line of sight of the pilot, over densely populated areas, and with many aircraft in the air at the same time,  said Mark Blanks, the director of the Virginia Tech Mid-Atlantic Partnership.

There are a number of other issues preventing drone deliveries from reaching your front door, including air-traffic management for drones. NASA is researching an extensive unmanned traffic management, or UTM, system, but NASA s road map indicates that research will not be transferred to the FAA for testing until 2019.

Robson finished his burrito at the site, but when he was ready to leave, there was an issue.

 Funny enough, myself and the woman I was with missed the last bus, so one of the representatives we were with had to drive us back to campus,  he said.

On the way, they may have passed a more efficient way for Robson to have scored his burrito. There is a Chipotle 0.2 miles a 5 minute walk from Squires Student Center. 
2016-06-06
GOOG Stock: Alphabet Inc Faces Uncertainty as Fadell Leaves Nest Former Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) exec Tony Fadell, who founded the smart home company Nest six years ago, announced he was  leaving the Nest  late last week. This raises new concerns for Alphabet Inc ( GOOG , GOOGL ) stock owners.

Source: Nest

GOOG acquired Nest two years ago for $3.2 billion in 2014, and it was one of the brightest stars in Alphabet s  Other Bets  division, which consists of a wide array of businesses the company has nurtured to diversify its revenue streams away from Google search.

As most Alphabet shareholders probably know, these  Other Bets  have brought in some revenue, but collectively haven t even flirted with profitability. In the fourth quarter, Alphabet s  moonshots  saw revenue jump 37% to $448 million, but operating losses jump 84% to $3.6 billion.

In comparison, Google segment sales totaled $21.2 billion and operating income of $6.8 billion. Seeing the star leader of one of Alphabet s most promising  Other Bets  leave isn t too encouraging.

GOOG Stock: Nest s Meaningful Role

Alphabet doesn t break down the financials of its  Other Bet  segments, but it s safe to say that Nest is one of the more significant components as far as revenue is concerned. That makes it pretty important for GOOG stock owners.

Some statistics we do know: Since Nest began shipping products in 2011, it has grown revenue by over 50% annually. Fadell cites  millions of people in more than 190 countries  that use Nest products, and went on to pat Nest on its back a little more in his public resignation announcement:

 In 2015 alone, we shipped four new hardware products and five significant App releases, and the Nest Learning Thermostat 3rd Gen reached the one million unit milestone in half the time as the previous generation! More than 18,000 developers are now building their own products and services on our platform, and more than 12,000 retail stores carry our thermostats, smoke & CO alarms and cameras. 

Although Fadell has been roundly criticized for fomenting a high-intensity, high-pressure culture that caused some resignations and late product launches, Fadell has pushed back against those accusations, claiming that turnover rates at Nest were in line with rates across Silicon Valley.

Plus, GOOG stock owners should all recognize that 50%-plus revenue growth since 2011 is hardly something to knock. While Fadell s hard-driving personality may not sit well with some employees, it is reminiscent of the notoriously demanding attitude of Steve Jobs and even recent criticisms of the environment Amazon.com, Inc. ( AMZN ) CEO Jeff Bezos has created.

Both companies have been massive successes, and made investors piles of money. The good news for GOOG stock owners is that Fadell will be staying on at Alphabet in some capacity, namely as an advisor to the company and its CEO, Dr. Larry Page.

While I m sure Marwan Farwaz, a former executive VP for Motorola Mobility, is a noble replacement, Fadell, who worked on the iPod and iPhone at Apple, has a legendary track record that GOOG investors will likely miss going forward.

As of this writing, John Divine was long AMZN stock. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet (Google): A Case Study In Spotting Value Creation On June 22, 2015, Tom Gayner, Co-Chief Executive Officer of specialty insurance underwriter, Markel Corporation (NYSE:MKL), gave a presentation titled, The Evolution of a Value Investor during the lunch hour to the employees of Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), the world's largest Internet company. Mr. Gayner began his presentation by summarizing his business background as a certified public accountant and security analyst before taking a position as an investment officer for Markel Corporation in 1990. Tom's 58-minute presentation, in my opinion, is most insightful and well worth the time.

Tom acknowledged that his initial approach to investing had a quantitative bias that utilized fundamental metrics to analyze common stocks. He mentioned that these fundamental metrics worked well for Benjamin Graham, and other value oriented investors, in the post depression years when securities were grossly mispriced relative to net assets and earnings. Conversely, Tom's experience using only the quantitative approach was less than satisfactory in stating that, "the pond has gotten a little over-fished. The quantitative approach is good for spotting value. It is a snapshot or picture in time of a business, but it does not provide enough information to determine the future prospects and success of a business."

His investment approach then evolved to one that was more qualitative and focused on spotting the creation of value. Instead of a snapshot or picture, he began to analyze a business as if it was a movie and how the reel is going to unfurl so as to better understand the valuation of the business over an extended period of time. He became more interested in determining what the business valuation would be five and ten years in the future as opposed to one specific period in time and whether value was increasing, static or deteriorating.

Tom's investment philosophy focuses on four points of view with the following characteristics:

1. Businesses that have a demonstrated record of profitability and the ability to earn high rates of return on capital with little or no leverage (debt).

2. Management that has integrity and ability because "one without the other is worthless."

3. The reinvestment dynamics of the business allows it to reinvest and compound its profits at high rates of return, which leads to an increased valuation.

4. The price paid for the business in relation to its long-term value creation potential is attractive.

Albert Einstein stated, "Compound interest is the most powerful force in the universe. Those who understand compound interest earn it and those who don't pay it." It is for this reason that Tom Gayner believes the reinvestment or compounding dynamics of a business is the most important criteria in determining the attractiveness of an investment. Determining whether the business will be more or less valuable in the future is the key component to building wealth with common stocks.

At the conclusion of his presentation, Tom was asked by a Google employee what he thought of Google as an investment opportunity. He confirmed that he uses the Google search engine 20 times each day and owns a small amount of shares of the company's stock. That said, he felt he had missed much of the opportunity and has been challenged to understand how senior management compensation is determined and what Google intends to accomplish for its shareholders over time. He went on to say that he is more inclined to learn and think more deeply about a business if he owns a small amount of shares because, "things you don't know, you should learn something about." Tom's admission that analyzing businesses that are rapidly changing is much harder than those that do not change rapidly is consistent with Ben Graham's observation that growth for a business is extremely important yet hard to calculate.

If we view Google using Tom Gayner's four point perspective, we can summarize it in the following way:

1. Google has demonstrated a consistent record of profitability and high rates of return on capital since its public offering in August of 2004. Operating income has grown at a compounded rate of more than 30% since 2004 and rates of return on capital have been greater than 10%. The debt-to-equity ratio for Google has declined from 12.6% in 2010 to 6% in 2016. Leverage is negligible due to the extensive amount of cash flow that is generated by the business.

2. At the time of the public offering in 2004, co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin, along with senior executive, Eric Schmidt, all agreed to work together at Google for 20 years, until the end of 2024. Not only do all three executives together embody a shareholder ownership mentality by controlling 60% of the company's voting power, but also their skill and talent is amply demonstrated by the more than 1,750% increase in Google's share price since 2004, which equates to a compounded rate of return of more than 27.5% annually.

3. Since 2004, Google has retained more than $90 billion worth of profit and reinvested that capital in businesses that together account for returns on total capital greater than 10% and operating profit margins in excess of 25%. Recently, Google announced a $5 billion share buyback of its Class C stock and that it is discontinuing investment in and operations of offerings that have not gained sufficient traction in order to enhance and develop the company's next generation of Internet search, advertising and video businesses.

4. Historically, especially in the post IPO period, Google's shares have typically been priced at a premium to its earnings and cash flow. It is interesting to note that although Google is currently selling for more than 30 times trailing 12-month earnings, the company's shares have not sold for less than 22 times earnings since 2006. Google has never paid a dividend to shareholders because the management prefers to reinvest profits to look for new ways to serve customers and expand its businesses. If viewed from a 10-year perspective, a $10,000 investment in shares of Google in June of 2006 is worth more than $78,500. In 2006, an investor had to pay close to 60 times earnings to own shares of Google. Granted, the company has grown its revenues and market share significantly in the past 10 years to become one of the largest publicly-traded companies in the world. Nonetheless, Google dominates the online search market with a global market share greater than 80%, with more than three to four times as many search requests as Bing (Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT)) and Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO). In addition, its YouTube video business, with 15 times more viewers than Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), has the potential to double its revenue per viewer in the next five years, possibly making it twice as a valuable as NFLX if it were listed as a separately traded company.

In the 2005 Markel Corporation Annual Report, the following excerpt appeared in the Market Review section:

"Technology stocks, and in particular Google, also rose dramatically in 2005. While these companies continue to delight us as consumers and we enthusiastically applaud the productivity and efficiency gains these companies create for society, the businesses remain volatile and only minimally predictable over time."

It is most refreshing to hear an investment executive, such as Tom Gayner, candidly admit that he regrets not having purchased Google at earlier date by stating, "How could I have missed Google!" He likened it to his regret of not having purchased shares of Berkshire Hathaway (NYSE:BRK.A) (NYSE:BRK.B) in 1984 at $380 per share only to reconsider after Steve Markel prodded him into buying shares at $5,750 more than 10 years later. It should not come as a surprise that since Tom's presentation at Google in June of 2015, Markel has increased its ownership of GOOG's shares by a small amount so as to provide Tom with a "library card" to learn and think more deeply about the business.

Disclosure: I am/we are long GOOG, GOOGL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Mundoval Capital Management, Inc. is an SEC Registered Investment Adviser. Economic and market views and forecasts reflect Mundoval Capital Management's judgment as of the date of publication and are subject to change without notice. Views and forecasts are estimated based on assumptions, and may change materially as economic and market conditions change. Mundoval Capital Management has no obligation to provide updates or changes to these views and forecasts. Certain information contained herein has been obtained from sources prepared by other parties. While such information is believed to be reliable for the purpose used herein, Mundoval Capital Management assumes no responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or fairness of such information. This writing is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell, a solicitation to buy, or a recommendation regarding any securities transaction, or as an offer to provide advisory or other services by Mundoval Capital Management, Inc.. The information contained in this writing should not be construed as financial or investment advice on any subject matter. It does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual investors. Mundoval Capital Management, Inc. expressly disclaims all liability in respect to actions taken based on any or all of the information on this writing. Apple Vs. Google Vs. Amazon Voice Assistant Battle  Alphabet Inc Nexus 2016 Rumors: Huawei Reportedly Making New Nexus Device Published By: Ken Bock on June 6, 2016 10:07 am EST

Chinese smartphone giant, Huawei has confirmed today that the company is working on launching a new Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Nexus device later this year. According to an executive from the company, Huawei is also planning to launch a new device that will run on Google s latest Daydream platform. It was recently reported that HTC will be manufacturing the new Nexus device which means that Huawei could be working on a possible third Nexus device for this year.

According to Google, the current Nexus device would not be able to make use of the Daydream platform as they are not supported. The company stated that the Daydream platform will only be supported by a few Android N smartphones that have special sensors and screens which are able to support high refresh rates. The selected devices will also have a low latency which will allow for a crisp VR experience.

Huawei CEO, Richard Yu recently said that the company is readying a VR-capable device which is slated to release later this fall and will be fully compatible with Daydream platform that will come installed with Android N. Yu, however, did not mention when the device will be available to the public. Yu also talked about the company s recent partnership with iconic camera manufacturer Leica, and the company recently released the Huawei P9 and P9 Plus which sport cameras from the legendary manufacturer. Yu added that the partnership with Leica will see Huawei deliver the best cameras found on smartphones today, and talked about the possibility of using a Leica Lens on the upcoming Nexus device.

Huawei s Charlene Munilall, recently confirmed that the company is indeed working on a Nexus device but failed to mention if the device would be smartphone or tablet, or something completely different. Huawei introduced the Nexus 6P last year which was hailed by many as the Android device of the year, the first all-metal Nexus device to be made. With the success of the Nexus 6P, it is highly likely that Google might have partnered with Huawei to deliver another Nexus device this year; however, it is not yet known if and when exactly we will see this Huawei-Nexus device. Wedbush Advises Investors To Tread Clear Of Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) And Twitter ... Published By: Angela Campbell on June 6, 2016 12:39 pm EST

Wedbush tech team published a report of its recent findings regarding the top technology stocks. The list includes high profile stocks that have shown deteriorating fundamentals and are likely headed towards a slump.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has reached a point of saturation, such is the belief of Wedbush's tech team. According to the analysts, the risk associated with the stock, especially during the 2H will be at its peak as the company s search monetization hits the peak. In the long term, the risk is largely associated with newly employed marketing strategies that may push consumers to look for alternatives. The positives for the stock is monetization improvement and ad growth on YouTube. However, concerns remain regarding emerging competition for YouTube from social media video platforms and TV networks going online.

Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) has been struggling for a while, and given its presence on the list, it most likely will continue to do so. The growth in advertisement remains nonexistent and part of it can be attributed to the degree of difficulty consumers face while using the service. The company s progress is sluggish and advertiser circles remain unconvinced.

Square Inc. (NYSE:SQ) is heading down a road that possibly ends from where it began. The company is working to establish a business that might never provide profitability. In addition, the SMB loan broker business remains a risky bet. There are some regulatory concerns on the horizon regarding the company s loans.

Workday Inc. (NYSE:WDAY) is on its way down thanks to a major deal that was broken in its core HCM business. The company s business model remains successful but the problem lies in fast fading number of consumers which may in part be due to Oracle s aggressive selling tactics.

Groupon Inc. (NASDAQ:GRPN) is going to struggle in near term as it has gone under a process of restructuring and it will prevent growth for the next few quarters. The restructuring is likely to help in growth but near term prospects remain dull despite the fact that it is one of the top channels for brick and mortar stores to acquire traffic.

The analysts caution investors to tread carefully when trading with above tickers as the risk associated outweighs rewards. 
2016-01-04
Baird Bullish on Facebook Inc (FB), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) and Amazon.com, Inc ... Analyst Colin Sebastian of Robert W. Baird recently commented on the technology trends and provided his top technology picks for 2016. His top picks for the new year include Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), giving them all an Outperform rating without a price target. Sebastian has a 73% success rate recommending stocks with an average return of 20% per rating when measured over a one year horizon.

The analyst highlights several trends that he believes will dominate 2016, the first of which is online video substituting traditional TV ads. Sebastian credits this switch to  faster broadband, cheaper data plans, and fast-changing viewing habits.  According to the analyst, online video provides advertisers a better way to target their customers, and he sees a $10 billion market opportunity in the U.S. for 2016, marking 30% y/y growth. The analyst states that the companies that will benefit most from this are Google and Facebook, and he is particularly upbeat on Facebook s  Instagram/Messenger/WhatsApp monetization. 

Another key trend going into 2016 is machine learning, which help develop technologies such as voice recognition and product recommendations. He notes  a significant ramp in public discussion  related to this field among management teams of major companies. He continues,  We believe that 2016 may be the year in which machine learning finally reaches  mainstream  status  and points to Google, Facebook, and Amazon as industry leaders. Related to this trend is the rise of hyper connected homes, with Google s Nest, Amazon s Echo and Apple TV offering  home automation  services through voice recognition and compliment the Internet of Things (IoT) trend.

The analyst is particularly optimistic regarding the switch to the cloud. He believes that the cloud  will continue to disrupt traditional enterprise technology,  as more enterprise-level firms will switch over because  existing capital investments in servers and data centers are fully amortized.  Sebastian states that switching to the cloud not only cuts costs for data storage, saving $3-4 for every $1 spent on cloud, but also requires less personnel. According to the analyst, key players in this field are Amazon, through AWS, and Google.

Other trends the analysts  comments on are the release of 5G; growth of Amazon s logistics, crediting recent reports of  air cargo and trucking operations  and self-driving cars going into 2016, marking a deal with Google and Ford; and the rise of virtual reality for Facebook s Oculus Rift.

According to TipRanks  statistics, out of the 34 analysts who have rated Facebook in the last 3 months, 33 are bullish while one remains on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $125.33, marking a 20% upside from where shares closed.

Out of the 34 analysts polled by TipRanks who have rated Google in the last 3 months, 33 gave a Buy rating while one remains on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $856.30, marking a 10% upside from where shares last closed.

According to TipRanks  statistics, out of the 30 analysts who have rated Amazon in the last 3 months, 26 are bullish while 4 remain on the sidelines. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $751.93, marking an 11% upside from where shares closed. Alphabet Paid $380 Million in Stock for Startup Bebop, Filing Says Alphabet Inc. paid $380 million to acquire startup Bebop Technologies Inc., founded by Alphabet director and executive Diane Greene, according to a securities filing Monday.

The filing said Alphabet, parent of Internet giant Google, offered $380 million of its shares on Dec. 17 in connection with the acquisition.

Ms. Greene, a well-known Silicon Valley entrepreneur, received Alphabet stock valued at $148 million in the deal,... Ford Motor Company (F) Taps into Apple Inc. (AAPL)'s CarPlay, Alphabet Inc ... Ford Motor Company (F) Taps into Apple Inc. (AAPL) s CarPlay, Alphabet Inc (GOOG) s Android Auto 
2016-06-22
Amazon.com Inc. Enormous Video Growth Challenges Netflix Inc. and Alphabet Inc. 

Amazon.com Inc. Enormous Video Growth Challenges Netflix Inc. and Alphabet Inc.





Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Video Growth Enormous Gains Challenges Alphabet and Netflix

The online video and streaming video on demand realm of technology is showing tremendous growth. Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) recently announced a direct competitor to Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and its YouTube property on the heels of the same announcement from Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB).On the advertising side, online video has accelerated into the media vernacular as the single fastest growing segment with many projections indicating it will eclipse banner web ads quite soon, and then begin to take the standard linear television advertising market as well.While this video transformation bodes extremely well for twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR), Facebook Inc. and Alphabet Inc., there is one company that has quietly shown enormous growth.The battle for streaming video on demand, or SVOD, is one that Netflix Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) has been winning for a long time. Here is a chart of market penetration in the United States from our friends at Statista:While Netflix has the leadership position, it has no presence on the web as a stand-alone video provider. That world is dominated by Alphabet and Facebook. Here's a chart of the most popular web properties for video:When taken together, Netflix and Alphabet account for more than 50% of the downstream traffic in the entire United States. Yes, Netflix and Alphabet are "more than 50% of the Internet." But, hidden in the nooks and crannies is Amazon.com. Here is a table that shows downstream usage one year ago.Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) video is highlighted in eight place at 1.97% of downstream traffic. We can see Facebook in sixth place and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) iTunes in fourth place. Now, let's fast forward to this year:Amazon.com video has risen from eighth place at 1.97% of downstream traffic to third place and 4.26% of downstream traffic. It has overtaken Facebook and Apple, and now represents 4.26% of downstream traffic from its video property. It hasn't reached the crown jewel that is Netflix, but Alphabet's YouTube is clearly in its sites.The uniqueness for Amazon.com is that the video business in and of itself doesn't actually have to make money. As Jeff Bezos so famously said, "When we win a Golden Globe, it helps us sell more shoes." That puts Amazon.com in a position of enormous power as it can not only outlay expenditures for the stand alone video business, but also invest resources with the expectation that it will drive other cash flow from e-commerce and Amazon Prime subscriptions.The video business is so critical to Amazon.com that Jeff Bezos actually referred to it as the "fourth pillar" of Amazon ( Yahoo! Finance ).Amazon.com seems to be growing at an enormous rate in yet another booming thematic trend. Microsoft, Google: Answer This Telegram Alphabet and Microsoft would be well advised to make bids for Telegram now.

Telegram Messenger offers a much a higher level of security than some of its competitors.

Telegram has become popular because of its speed, versatility and security.

There is a social messaging solution that Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) and/or Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG GOOGL) should consider buying, and it's not Twitter (NASDAQ: TWTR). The tech giants should consider buying the encrypted messaging solution Telegram instead.

Telegram, or Telegram Messenger, is a multi-platform messaging solution similar to Facebook's (NASDAQ: FB) WhatsApp. That means it can work with a wide variety of phone operating systems, including Android, Apple iOS, Windows Phone and even the little-known Ubuntu Touch. The messenger also operates with the world's three most popular desktop operating systems: Windows, Apple's OS X, and Linux.

Like WhatsApp, Telegram lets users exchange a wide variety of media, including photos, videos, audio recordings, phone calls, stickers and many kinds of files. More importantly, Telegram offers end-to-end encryption, making it a secure communications solution that can work with any type of phone.

If that was not enough, there's a new app called StartChat that lets users send Bitcoin payments via Telegram. That offers the potential of using Telegram as the basis of a platform for financial transactions such as money transfers.

It also offers a potential to get into the fast-growing remittance business   the transfer of money between developed nations like the USA and developing countries like Nigeria. The World Bank estimated that $440 billion in remittances were sent last year, that number is expected to rise to $459 billion in 2016 and $479 billion in 2017.

Telegram is Growing Fast Just like WhatsApp

More intriguingly, Telegram is experiencing the kind of fast growth that characterizes WhatsApp. Statista estimated that WhatsApp had around one billion users in April 2016 while Twitter had just 320 million.

Telegram only has around 100 million users, but its growth has been phenomenal. Telegram added 38 million new users between May 2015 and February 2016, its CEO and founder Pavel Durov told the Mobile World Congress on February 23.

The service was adding 350,000 new users a day, Durov claimed. He also boasted that Telegram users were sending 15 billion messages a day. Venturebeat estimated that Telegram's growth rate in February was 60%.

Much of Telegram's appeal is its enhanced privacy features. In December when a court order blocked access to WhatsApp in Brazil, Telegram tweeted that it was receiving one million new users a day in that country.

Why is Telegram so Appealing?

Telegram has become popular because of its speed, versatility and security. Since it is a cross-platform solution, a person can use Telegram on all of his or her devices at once.

Another intriguing feature is the ability to create groups of up to 5,000 people and channels for broadcasting to unlimited audiences. That opens up an incredible variety of potential e-commerce and business uses for Telegram. It can be used to send files of any type, including Excel spreadsheets and Microsoft Word documents which cannot be sent through WhatsApp.

Telegram Messenger offers a much a higher level of security than some of its competitors. Users have the option to employ end to end encryption, the ability to create self-destructing messages, hold Secret Chats and lock the app down with password protection.

Mark Zuckerberg and WhatsApp's co-creator Jan Koum are certainly afraid of Telegram. WhatsApp added a very strong end to end encryption feature to its ecosystem on April 5, 2016. Even though Koum did not mention Telegram in his message announcing end to end encryption, it seems he is afraid of the competition.

The encryption and file sharing capability makes Telegram a cloud storage and data management solution as much as it is a messenger. Using it, a businessperson can store all of his or her records without taking up any space on his or her phone or computer. That capability, combined with the high level of security, will make it enticing to enterprises of all shapes and sizes.

Rumor Mill: Google Tried to Buy Telegram

Even if you are not aware of Telegram's value, Alphabet certainly is. Russian media reported that the company, formerly known as Google, made a $1 billion offer for the privately held Telegram in April, according to Fortune.

Durov turned the offer down because he thinks his company is worth $3 to $4 billion. Google CEO Sundar Pichai met with Durov as far back as May 2015, to discuss a deal.

If those reports are true, Telegram is certainly cheaper than Twitter, which had a market cap of $11.42 billion and an enterprise value of $9.368 billion on June 21, 2016. Twitter also has liabilities of $1.999 billion and a long-term debt of $1.476 billion, according to YCharts.com.

Skeptics will say that there is no indication that Telegram makes money. That's true, but the latest earnings report indicates that Twitter is not making money. Twitter reported a net income of -$438.32 million, a diluted earnings per share of -$.6622, a return on equity of -10.42% and a profit margin of -13.41% on March 31, 2016.

WhatsApp lost $138 million in 2013, the year before Facebook bought it, The New York Times Dealbook reported. Zuckerberg bought WhatsApp for the potential audience reach, not the money it was making.

Telegram is a Bargain

Alphabet and Microsoft would be well advised to make bids for Telegram now. If it becomes as successful as WhatsApp has been, the encrypted messenger's value might balloon to $25 billion or even $30 billion real soon. Since both Alphabet and Microsoft need an encrypted messaging solution, spending $5 billion or even $8 billion to get Telegram would be money better spent than a purchase of Twitter.

Buying Telegram would also give those companies more reach into regions of the world. Statista reported that 66% of internet users in Latin America and 63% of internet users in Africa and the Middle East had used WhatsApp during the fourth quarter of 2015.

If Telegram is even one-third as successful as WhatsApp, it would be a bargain for either Microsoft or Alphabet. The humble messaging app might be the solution that enables those tech giants to take their cloud-based services and solutions into many new markets.

Twitter is nothing but an amusing toy for middle-aged Americans to play with. Telegram is a cutting-edge messaging solution with a potential to reach a mass audience worldwide and form the basis of next generation e-commerce and cloud-services platforms. It, not Twitter, should be on Microsoft's and Google's shopping lists.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Investigation After Soldiers Form Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Logo Israel is carrying out investigations to an incident where soldiers formed up in the shape of the Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google logo during a visit by some of the company s top executives.

The country s military claimed that it launched a probe over the incident where soldiers received orders to stand in a formation that spells out the company s logo at one of the country s airbases. According to a report from an Israeli radio that was released on Monday, dozens of soldiers took up the formation and included two aircrafts to complete it. The event was filmed and aired publicly, and the Israeli politicians were not happy about it. They argued that the action was an improper use of military resources.

A spokesperson for the Israeli Defense Forces responded by stating that the action was a local initiative carried out at the base during the executive visit. The spokesperson also noted that the matter was under an internal investigation. The report also stated that the footage was not supposed to be shared and that the action was a form of gratitude to the software and tech company.

Shelly Yachimovich, an opposition leader in the country, stated through a social media post that the action was dishonorable. Yachimovich stated that the display portrayed the privatization of the military. Yachimovich is a senior lawmaker in the Zionist Union opposition party, and she is also a former head of the country s Labor Party. The military act was also criticized by another opposition lawmaker known as Tzipi Livni, who took to the Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) microblogging platform to air out her opinion on the matter. She stated that it does not take a search engine to identify that such displays should not be allowed.

This is not the first time that a state military has posted such images. Images circulating on social media show soldiers forming phrases such a  happy father s day  but Israeli leaders seem to be irritated by the fact that their military display was associated with a private company.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock: Citigroup Describes Recent Sell-off on Early Data ... Published By: Angela Campbell on June 22, 2016 12:28 pm EST

Citigroup analyst has come out in defense of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) after inadvertently causing damage to the company s stock price last week. During the last five days, Alphabet stock has declined by 3.31% while NASDAQ index has remained generally flat during the same timeframe.

Citigroup analyst, Mark May in an updated research note sent out to clients and investors rectified his position on the company s stock in light of Merkle and Kenshoo data points he alluded to earlier.

"We were surprised by the reaction to the Merkle (RKG) and Kenshoo data points and our take on them last week, especially considering that we stressed in our note that these were only two data points with imperfect predictive power, that they do not include June data, and that depending on how they were applied could also be interpreted as suggesting that 2Q16 search growth (and 2H16 in the case of RKG s early forecast) is trending in-line with expectations," said Mr.May.

The analyst believes such data points do not set anything in stone, describing them as inconclusive. Mr.May highlights that in most of the previous instances, Kenshoo s correlation is very low. Additionally, he writes that the 300 basis points deceleration they reflect on a sequential basis is in relation to tougher comparable by the same degree.

On another note, Mr. May refers to certain investors comparing the quarter over quarter deceleration in spending at both Kenshoo and Merkle to consensus estimates according to which Google will grow at a stable rate in terms of GAAP net revenue. He adds that instead, these investors should look to the Street citing FX-neutral growth projections whereby a 250-300 bps deceleration is already factored in. He goes on to add that the same is implied on Merkle s recommendations for the early part of this year s second half. Mr.May has a $900 price target and a Buy rating on Alphabet stock. Alphabet shares were up by 0.38% during early trading today. 
2016-08-11
How Alphabet Inc Gained More Than 11% in July What: Shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) rose more than 11% in July 2016, according to data from S&P Global Market Intelligence. The non-voting Class C stock, under the GOOG ticker, gained 11.1%. The vote-carrying Class A shares, tickered as GOOGL, jumped 12.5% higher. Share prices quietly climbed higher throughout the month, punctuated by a sharp 5% boost as Alphabet reported great second-quarter results at the very tail end of July.

So what: Second-quarter consolidated revenue increased 21% year over year, landing at $21.5 billion. Excluding the negative effects of currency exchange trends, the gain would have been 25%. Adjusted earnings grew 20.5% and stopped at $8.42 per diluted share. Alphabet doesn't do guidance, but for what it's worth, analysts would have settled for earnings of $8.03 per share on sales of roughly $20.8 billion.

The Google segment saw revenues rising 21%, while operating income increased by 25%. The far smaller "other bets" division of Alphabet boosted its sales by 150% but reported negative operating income again. Other bets is a grab-bag of businesses not related to Google's online search and advertising core, such as the Google Fiber internet service provider operation, the Calico life sciences researcher, and the nascent self-driving car project.

Now what: The post-earning plateau represents record share prices for Alphabet/Google, and the stock can set all-time highs on any given day at the moment. Don't worry too much about the distinction between Class A and Class C shares -- the two stocks generally stick together. They have gained 36% and 33%, respectively, since the separation was executed in the spring of 2014.

Looking ahead, Alphabet remains a solid bet on the general future of technology. The more moonshots and seemingly crazy ideas this company launches, the tighter I'm clinging to my own Class A shares. The search empire fuels Alphabet's operations today, and it will continue to do so for many years to come, but this company's best days will come when web browsers look as quaintly outdated as pagers and VHS tapes do today.

Alphabet is a long-term play that happened to have a fantastic short-term gain last month. The bumpy road ahead will see more of these drastic moves -- both up and down. If you are buying the stock today, make sure to hold on tight for many years, or even decades. Another Key High-Ranking Google Executive Just Quit The exodus of top-level talent from Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) continues. This time, it s Bill Maris, who founded and serves as CEO of Alphabet s venture capital unit who s hitting the bricks.

From Bloomberg:

David Krane, a managing partner at the firm formerly known as Google Ventures, will succeed Maris as head of the group, a person familiar with the matter said. Krane, a 17-year veteran of Google, will likely increase the firm s investments in consumer products and services, said the person, who asked not to be named because the details aren t public. Maris created Google Ventures in 2009. While the firm is funded entirely by Alphabet, GV operates like a traditional venture capital outfit by encouraging partners to make investments with the goal of big financial returns, not finding prospective acquisitions for its parent company. GV now has 14 partners, each of whom receive a piece of the returns from the funds they work on.

This move is a huge loss for Google, which has had a lot of success in the venture capital arena under Maris.

GV was the most active U.S. corporate venture arm in the first half of the year, according to research firm CB Insights. Its largest investment is Uber Technologies Inc., and its holdings also include Slack Technologies Inc. and Jet.com Inc., the e-commerce startup that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. agreed to buy for about $3 billion. GV manages $2.4 billion and has about 70 employees, most of whom help startups design, develop and market their products.

Maris is the latest in a line of several high-ranking Google execs to leave the company recently.

In recent months, Alphabet has lost several high-profile executives, including Chris Urmson, a key engineer at its self-driving car initiative, and Tony Fadell, who ran its Nest home appliance business. Maris is expected to discuss his departure with GV staff on Thursday, saying he plans to spend more time with his wife and baby, said the person familiar with the matter. Before joining Google, Maris worked at Swedish firm Investor AB managing biotechnology investments. He founded and sold Burlee, a web hosting business.

The true reasons behind Maris  departure weren t immediately known, but he noted he d be taking some time off before embarking on his next journey. It s not a stretch to think that he ll stick in the VC space, probably in a firm that will compete against Google for investment placements.

Alphabet shares, which have gained 4% year-to-date, rose $0.94 (+0.12%) to $809.43 in Thursday afternoon trading. Google Stock: Alphabet Inc Delivers Reality Check to iPhone Users By Alessandro Bruno, BA, MA Published : August 11, 2016

Google Mocks iPhone in Latest Ad

Just days after optimizing its iPhone operating system ( iOS )  Google Photos  app for the  iPhone 6s  and  6s Plus,  adding a handful of shortcuts called  Quick Actions,  Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), aka Google, has published a video to promote its photo storage service. Meanwhile, Google stock has gained over 17% since the end of last June and 5.76% year-to-date.

In fact, Google stock is trading at an all-time high. That also explains why Google is feeling confident if not downright boastful about the photo app, So much so that it has mocked Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) directly in this new ad. The ad shows that Google is targeting iOS that is, Apple products smartphone owners. It pokes fun at their relatively small storage, a criticism often leveled against the entry-level Apple iPhone and its 16 GB capacity. It s not surprising that GOOG stock is rising.

Even though the ad does not mention the iPhone by name, Google makes a key and not-so-veiled criticism: iOS space runs out quickly. Then Google presents the solution, its new app, which can be downloaded on iOS or  Android  devices alike. Google Photos allows you to automatically transfer photos from the roll to Google s servers, and then delete the originals from the device to free up disk space. It s as simple as that. One wonders why the Apple  iCloud  doesn t have a similar and as easy-to-use feature.

Google Photos allows users to automatically save photos and videos on the cloud. The app s save and sync setting allows users to choose the destination account and manage their storage. Then they can run Google Photos on another device and find the photos.

Why is the Google Photos app so important? Simply put, the app clearly captures the iPhone problem in a picture, no pun intended. It s one of the most visible ways in which Android is eating into the iPhone s market share. It also shows that Google has Apple in its sights, and it s feeling rather competitive about it.

This is not the first time that Apple has been the target of ridicule and attacks from its competitors, especially from Google. Google did it before, even if subtler. During the 2016 Grammy Awards on February 15, professional pianist Ji performed a classic piece for the record of the 3rd movement of Beethoven s Moonlight Sonata with virtuosity. Then comes the caption:  A piano has 88 keys. Each of them is different. But what would happen if they were all the same?  Then the pianist runs to a second piano, whose keys all produce the same note, in this case the middle C. Obviously the result is terrible. The ad is aptly named: Monotune a clear reference to  iTunes.  (Source:  Android: Monotune,  YouTube, February 15, 2016.)

At no time does Google explicitly bring Apple or the iPhone or iTunes into the ad. But the two pianos symbolize the two major mobile operating systems: Android and iOS. On the one hand, Android is an open system that offers users a wide choice of configurations and customization. On the other hand, there is iOS, which is closed, vastly reducing the margins of usability.

More than ever, the world of smartphone platforms is a duopoly. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) has tried to interfere in the Android (Google) vs. iOS battle, but, particularly in Europe, there is the sense that it has either given up or lost the match. Apple noted that sales of the iPhones have slowed down. The company desperately needs to launch the  iPhone 7  in order to capture market share away from ever-more-popular Android-based devices, which include the much-loved  Samsung Galaxy S7.  What Would An Alphabet-Twitter Acquisition Look Like? Since Twitter has been surging on buyout rumors, this model ultimately reveals the price that GOOG, in its current financial state, might take out TWTR.

In tweaking the model to allow for multiple different growth scenarios, I was able to achieve both high level takeaways and also some important details.

After a number of days of retrieving 10-K and 10-Q information from Google and Twitter, I was able to build a detailed model projection what an acquisition might look like.

Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) has been quite notably below its IPO price of approximately $26/share since November 2015. Slowing monthly active user growth, lower gross margins, and higher costs have kept TWTR from becoming consistently profitable and cash-generating. It is expected to narrowly post a net profit in FY 2016, but beyond those years, expectations are bleak.

About a month ago, buyout rumors began to swirl, mainly from private equity (PE) firms, but also some speculation that a deal may surface similar to the Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and LinkedIn (NYSE:LNKD) deal. Absolutely nothing has actually materialized from these rumors, but the stock has rebounded from a low of $13.73 this year to now surging towards $20/share.

Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) comes in as one of the largest firms in the world, behind only Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) in that measure of market capitalization. It has over $16B in cash, and over $74B in cash and cash equivalents, and upon the massive failure of Google+, could it be in the market to acquire TWTR to combine their silos of data into something that could truly put TWTR and GOOG in positions to really take advantage of ad revenue and data licensing?

High Level Overview

In our first screenshot, we see the current valuation metrics during intraday trading on August 9. We have the simple enterprise value up, net of cash and cash equivalents, and obviously, we have a huge difference in terms of what these companies bring to the table in terms of asset-liability mixes.

In terms of their trailing EBITDA and revenue data, we see that GOOG is currently valued at a far more reasonable EV/EBITDA multiple ($2.45) as opposed to TWTR, which lies at $21.42, a number I want you all to remember for later in this article.

Now obviously, there are only two ways TWTR can lower its multiple as investors adjust their expectations for low growth: Lower share price to lower the EV, or increase EBITDA and sustain high level growth within that metric. The second option becomes more viable with an acquisition in mind.

Please keep in mind that all of the following discussion between this GOOG-TWTR acquisition scenario is completely speculative and in no way indicates in any certainty how, if it occurred, the acquisition agreement may play out. It is simply a best estimate.

An Acquisition Can Enhance Ad Services Revenue & Data Licensing

As a side note, the 2016 data is simply the first six months of the year multiplied by two, a way to project 2016 numbers, as services and revenue are not significantly seasonal in any way.

Turning to the revenue projections portion of my model, we see TWTR's revenue is divided up into two main segments: Advertising services revenue (when a company/person pays for a "sponsored" account or tweet), and data licensing (releasing user engagement data to news cites or other organizations). While advertising services easily takes the cake, it grows at a lower rate.

The %s in yellow over on the projected side for % growth rates are able to be switched based on five possible scenarios. The user of this sheet can switch scenarios. They are shown as follows based on years:

Average, or the expected, non-acquisition growth is based off of what the current MAU, ad revenue, and licensing trends are indicating. Both ad revenue and MAU numbers from 2015 to 2016 seem to be in the single-digit percentages while licensing indicates growth in the mid-teens.

For the screen shot scenario showing the revenue projections, it shows the "average growth scenario." Obviously, GOOG would want to make sure it has a plan assembled to maximize TWTR's potential in capturing social media usage and ad engagement before the acquisition, expecting high growth or very high growth. The downside is somehow the acquisition doesn't help at all, and in fact, accelerates the loss of user engagement. It's always important to recognize the downside, and this model includes that.

In this case, however, I do believe the brilliant minds at GOOG, combined with the faith TWTR currently has in Jack Dorsey, can bring about new engagements. For example, YouTube can integrate and begin to generate widgets for TWTR, and it could also incorporate tweets into its "news" section when something is searched by that tab.

I believe if a GOOG-TWTR marriage is enacted, there will be positive results, but not extraordinary results. Therefore, I am going to proceed with the "good" case and not the "best" case scenario.

Accounting For Additional Revenues & Cost Savings

In the first screenshot, we have the updated revenue growth projections, which show revenue projections of $2,631.33M in FY 2017, $2,913.04M in FY 2018, and so on. These then are translated into the "revenue" segment for the second screenshot as cash flows into the future. Of course, we do have to account for the cost of revenue and operating expenses.

Studying the financial statements, I noticed the fast reduction in cost of revenue as a % of income, and then that steady increase back up from 33%, 34%, and so on for 2016 and beyond. Looking at a similar tech company like GOOG, which has its cost of revenue between 10% and 15% historically as a maturing tech firm, and so this leads to a very gradual decrease in the projection for cost of revenue as a % of income into the future. These percentages are incorporated into the "gross profit" line, as it is essentially the future projected revenue, minus these cost of revenue % assumptions.

Looking at the "costs & expense" line, which is operating expenses, calculating this line required me to look at cost saving synergies from now out until 2020.

Similar to their revenue streams, there is minimal cost overlap to be calculated in terms of savings, as both companies continue to invest heavily in R&D, and need to by nature in order to stay ahead of the curve in their respective markets even if they were to consolidate.

The primary savings are as a result of consolidating low-, mid-, and high-level employees that have overlapping of duties. Some buildings could be sold in the future as well as the businesses work to move into silos together. Also, stock-based compensation, which is also under "cost of revenue" primarily, can be reduced. I took the conservative approach and labeled all but R&D savings at 5% of current expenses for Twitter, and only .5-1% in savings for GOOG. I also put in the advising and legal fees at $1.25B, a rough estimate.

In sum, these cost savings are incorporated into the future operating expenses, which then are giving a nominal 6% increase in expenses Y/Y out into the future to adjust for inflation and other future expenses.

Finally, going back to the "Net Income based on consolidation" screenshot again, which does not yet include the legal fees of the acquisition, we see positive cash flows begin generating in 2017, and gradually increase based on a positive outlook.

Putting It All Together

Acknowledging the income streams generated by TWTR into the future, we really just need to determine and calculate the Net Present Value of these future cash flows to approximate a return for GOOG in this acquisition. Knowing that this would be an all-cash deal given the massive amount of cash stored up on GOOG's part, I set the cash % to 100%. Also, we note that the discount rate will be its WACC, which is currently 9.39%, and we also notice its return on invested capital is a lofty 35.5%, according to GuruFocus.

That means that ideally we would be generating a return of around 30% to make this a realistic possibility.

And so, grabbing the numbers referenced in our net income table, we have the operating income streams (which are assumed here to be the net income materially given that we believe its higher % debt securities would be retired and given that it has NOLs it can utilize to offset net income) cast out into the future and beyond the year 2020 using the discount rate of 9.39% and the growth rates utilized in our "good case" scenario outlined earlier.

Utilizing basic TVM concepts and the NPV function in Excel, we capture the net income cash flows beyond 2020, and then discount all the flows back into the present, to get a NPV of $4,466,93, and then we subtract the legal and set-up cost fees for the acquisition, which are to be assumed $1.25B, which occurs in the present, to get the net gain of $3.216B for GOOG, which given the amount of capital needed to buy all the shares of TWTR (given an acquisition price, more on that in a second), leaves a 20.66% return on investment for GOOG.

Looking at the final piece, which is what share price would it make sense for GOOG to purchase TWTR at, we look back at that EV/EBITDA figure for TWTR, which is $21.42. Rounding up that number to $22/share would make sense for GOOG, and allow it not to immediately liquidate its marketable securities in order to keep it an all-cash transaction and get into details with how to subtract liquidation costs on those securities. Using that $22/share figure brings us to the arrival of a 20.66% return on investment below that ROIC threshold.

So given these specific set of scenarios and assumptions, which are deemed the most realistic set of assumptions, GOOG would most likely not acquire TWTR, unless it places some non-monetary value on owning the firm just to make itself bigger.

Additional Discussion

There are four primary ways one could tweak this Excel model to help make the acquisition attractive for GOOG, and one can utilize a combination of all four:

Reduce the asking price of per share for the takeout

Find more operating expense saving synergies

Increase expectations of revenue growth

Decrease legal fees

Going back to the scenario analysis schedule, changing from a "good case" to a "best case scenario" entails an additional 2% growth in ad services and data licensing every year, and if GOOG is confident, it could make that happen, suddenly the return on investment increases to 30.68% in the model, holding everything else constant.

If we believe we can gain 2.5% in additional expense savings from cost of revenue, SG&A, and sales and marketing expenses, holding everything constant, that heightens the return to 27.46%

If we believe legal fees could be reduced to $1B, holding everything constant, we could get a 22.27% return on investment.

Finally, if we got a deal to acquire TWTR on a bargain, such as $20/share, holding everything constant, that would increase the return to 22.73%.

And so, if a combination of these four actions were utilized, perhaps we could reach that 30-35% threshold, but that is something GOOG would have to decide, and something for us to speculate on. For now, given the most likely of circumstances, it does not seem like at this time GOOG is set to acquire TWTR.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: At the end of my segment "high level overview", I outlined a disclaimer about how this discussion is purely speculative. Apple's Mac is Now a Threat to Google Later this year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will release macOS Sierra, the next version of its Mac operating system. Sierra will bring a number of notable improvements to Apple's PCs, including support for Apple Pay and deeper integration with iOS devices.

It also brings Siri, Apple's digital personal assistant. Siri made her debut back in 2011, but it's taken Apple a full five years to bring her to the Mac. Nevertheless, her introduction could dramatically improve the productivity of Mac users, and give them a new way to interact with their machines. It could also pose a threat to Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google.

Siri comes to the desktop

Once they've installed Sierra, Mac users will be able to call on Siri by speaking to their machines. It's a bit of a shift from the familiar mouse and keyboard, but impressions have been generally favorable. Wired's David Pierce described the process of using Siri on the Mac as "almost natural" and "definitely useful." Ultimately, he concluded that Siri may be better on the Mac than she is on the iPhone.

In addition to her standard functionality, Mac Siri can conduct special Mac-related tasks, like searching local files or changing settings. iPhone users often find Siri most useful when they aren't actually using their phones at all -- Apple has trumpeted Siri's hands-free features as a key selling point in recent years. But on the Mac, she offers the prospect of improved multi-tasking. A Mac owner can use Siri to change a setting, play a song, or find a file without leaving their current application.

The inclusion of Siri probably won't help Apple sell that many more Macs, as competing machines running Windows 10 have something similar. Still, it does enhance Apple's offerings and ensures that the company is keeping pace with its rivals.

Cortana has helped Bing capture share

Perhaps more interesting is what Siri could do to the search market. Beyond finding files and changing settings, Siri can be used to scour the web. Since 2013, she's relied on Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Bing to do so. Unless you specifically request Google, simple commands such as "find me chicken recipes" will result in Siri conducting a Bing search. Last December, research firm Kantar found that Siri relied on Bing frequently. Analyzing the behavior of 3,000 different Siri users, Kantar found that Bing powered 63% of the searches Siri conducted.

Microsoft's share of the U.S. search market has been rising in recent quarters. In July, 2015, Bing captured 20.4% of the U.S. desktop search market, according to comScore. Google's share was more than three times higher, at 64%. But over the last year, the gap has closed a bit. In June, comScore reported Bing's market share at 21.8%. Meanwhile, Google stood at 63.8%.

That shift has been driven by Windows 10 -- last quarter, over 40% of Microsoft's search revenue came from Windows 10 devices. Like macOS Sierra, Windows 10 includes a digital personal assistant: Cortana, which, unsurprisingly, is also powered by Bing. Cortana is integrated directly into the Windows 10 taskbar, and on many PCs can be summoned with a quick voice command. To date, Windows 10 users have asked Cortana more than 8 billion questions, and 100 million Windows 10 users rely on her each month.

Siri's addition to the Mac could have a similar effect. There are fewer Mac users than Windows users, obviously, but Siri could shift some search queries to Bing in the months ahead.

If Bing's share of the search market continues to rise, Microsoft may have Apple to thank. 
2016-07-08
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Buys Out Online Video Service "Anvato" Published By: Patrick Arruda on July 8, 2016 10:37 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) seems to be stepping up its game in the online video segment. The company announced today that it has acquired Anvato. The financial details of the acquisition are yet to be disclosed though.

Anvato is going to become a part of the Google Cloud Platform team. Under terms of the agreement between both the companies, Anvato will offer its highly-advanced video processing technology to pay TV operators, broadcasters, and live event coordinators on the Google cloud platform.

 We are grateful to our media and entertainment customers   NBCUniversal, Univision, Scripps Networks, Fox Sports, Media General, just to name a few   who have not only fueled our growth but also trusted our technology to power their core business,  read Anvato s official press release. Anvato aims to leverage on the huge scale and resources offered by Google Cloud Platform in order to provide consumers with industry-leading solutions for OTT and mobile video. Anvato management is of the opinion that with Google s huge set of resources at its disposal, the company can significantly increase the speed of its innovation and bring enhanced experience which media companies can use to serve their consumers.

In other news, Android co-founder Rich Miner, who is also a general partner at Google Ventures, intends to deliver an educational project through Google. According to an earlier Fortune report, as part of the program, Mr.Miner would not remain a general partner of Google Ventures. The project is said to be currently in the embryonic stage, with Mr. Miner commenting that he himself at present is unaware of the specifics of the venture. "Just like Android took us our years to get the first device out and I helped create WildFire 25 years ago as a voice-based personal assistant, which is just now starting to happen. This vision is another big idea, but it will take time," he said in his interview to Fortune. Will Alphabet Finally Buy Twitter?  
2016-08-02
Alphabet Inc. gets go-ahead to test 'Project Wing' delivery drones at a US site The race between Alphabet Inc. and Amazon to unleash the first fleet of delivery drones is now neck and neck.

The White House has given Alphabet Inc.'s delivery drone service the greenlight to start testing its unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) at a US site.

This initiative is part of The White House s project to understand this technology and what safety measures need to be implemented before unleashing flocks into the open skies.

Scroll down for videos

The race between Alphabet Inc. and Amazon to unleash the first fleet of delivery drones is now neck and neck. The White House has given Alphabet Inc. s delivery drone (pictured) service the greenlight to start testing its unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) at a US site

Alphabet Inc. first unveiled its secret two-year drone delivery project in 2014.

Called Project Wing, these drones were developed by X, the semi-secret research and development facility founded by Alphabet Inc., which is also involved with the self-driving cars and Glass wearable computers.

And just a year later, the search giant announced 2017 would be the year these systems will be fully employed as delivery workers   which might be true due to today s news, which was first reported by Bloomberg.

To fund this government project, the US National Science Foundation plans to spend $35 million on unmanned vehicle research over the next five years.

HOW DOES PROJECT WING WORK? Project Wing's aircraft has a wingspan of approximately 1.5m (4.9ft) and have four electrically-driven propellers. The total weight, including the package to be delivered, is approximately 10kg (22lb). The aircraft itself accounts for the bulk of that at 8.5kg (18.7lb). The hybrid 'tail sitter' design has wings for fast forward flight, and rotors for hovering for delivery and vertical take-off and landing. Dual mode operation gives the self-flying vehicle some of the benefits of both planes and helicopters. It can take off or land without a runway, and can hold its position hovering in one spot to gently drop packages. Packages are stored in the drone's 'belly' then dropped on a string before being gently lowered to the ground. At the end of the tether, there's a little bundle of electronics the team call the 'egg,' which detects that the package has hit the ground, detaches from the delivery, and is pulled back up into the body of the vehicle.

While the Department of Interior plans to expand its use of drone flights, according to an e-mail Bloomberg received from the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy.

This move is a result of the Federal Aviation Administration signing off on the first set of drone regulations that will let individuals obtain unmanned pilot licenses for commercial flights.

'Data gathered will be shared with government partners to help regulators answer critical safety and human factors questions for UAV cargo delivery operations,' reads the statement from The White House.

This initiative is part of The White House s project to understand this technology and what safety measures need to be implemented before unleashing flocks into the open skies. The US National Science Foundation plans to spend $35 million on unmanned vehicle researcher over the next five years

'The company will also begin to develop and deploy an open-interface, airspace management solution for safe low-altitude small UAS (sUAS) operations using existing low cost, scalable communication and information technologies.'

'The work, which will focus on encouraging good citizenship in operation and collaboration between and across industry and government, will help ensure safe integration of sUAS in the layer of airspace under 400 feet.'

Although Project Wing will conduct tests in its home country, Amazon announced on July 26 that they will begin testing their Prime Air services in the UK.

This move is the result of a deal with the British government and could see customers in the UK trial the new service before those in the US.

THE US AND UK DRONE RULES Last month, the US Federal Aviation Administration unveiled long-awaited new rules that clear the way for small, commercial drones to operate across US airspace. Under the FAA's rules, drone operators will be allowed to fly commercial craft weighing less than 55 pounds (25kg) during daylight hours, provided they can maintain a clear view of the drone at all times. While that effectively precludes the sort of robo-delivery services being developed by Amazon and other major vendors, the new rules will nonetheless ensure drones become increasingly commonplace in the skies. The White House cites industry estimates suggesting drones could generate more than $82 billion ( 63 billion) for the US economy over the coming decade, creating some 100,000 jobs. Wal-Mart Stores said last month it was six to nine months from beginning to use drones to check warehouse inventories in the United States, suggesting drones will soon become part of our everyday lives. But in the UK, drones are regulated by the Civil Aviation Authority. These rules apply to unmanned vehicles not more than 44 pounds (20kg) without their fuel, and states they can be flown up to 400 feet in the air. 'A person must not recklessly or negligently cause or permit an aircraft to endanger any person or property,' the regulation says. Some experts say this regulation is not enough. But Amazon said its UK partnership aims to understand how drones can be used safely and reliably, and identify the best regulations to put in place.

Project Wing is set to take place in a  safe environment at one of the six FAA-sanction drone test sites to lay the groundwork for future approvals,' according to the White House.

X s drones were first conceived by Google boss Sergey Brin as a way to deliver defibrillators to heart attack victims, but has since been expanded.

The unmanned aircraft has a wingspan of approximately 1.5m (4.9ft) and have four electrically-driven propellers.

This move is a result of the Federal Aviation Administration signing off on the first set of drone regulations that will let individuals obtain unmanned pilot licenses. Amazon announced on July 26 that they will begin testing their Prime Air services in the UK

It will fly a programmed route with just the push of a button, and follow rules to respond safely if the unit runs into unexpected situations like a gust of wind, Google says.

Online retailer Amazon said on its website that the sight of drones flying overhead with parcels will one day be 'as normal as seeing mail trucks on the road'.

Their devices will fly at up to 50 mph, and they aim to deliver packages to customers as little as half an hour after they place their order.

The plan is for Amazon's PrimeAir service to eventually deliver small packages weighing up to 5lbs (2.27kg) in 30 minutes or less. Bloomberg: Alphabet issuing $2B bond sale Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) is reportedly planning to sell 10-year notes in order to pay off short-term debt.

The debt yield is said to be approximately 0.68 percentage points over Treasuries vs. an average of 0.91 for similarly rated bonds.

This report comes as Microsoft just yesterday issued the fifth-largest corporate bond sale ever in a $19.75B offering to aid in financing its recent LinkedIn acquisition. A similarly priced raise was put forth back in May by Dell to finance its EMC takeover.

The move continues a recent trend in the technology sector, where companies have raised more than $100B in the bond market so far this year. Google Parent Joins $100 Billion Technology Rush to Bond Market Google parent Alphabet Inc. sold $2 billion of bonds Tuesday, joining a rush of issuance from technology companies that have already raised more than $100 billion this year.

In its first trip to the bond market in more than two years, the Internet giant sold 10-year notes to repay short-term debt, according to a person familiar with the matter. The debt yields around 0.68 percentage points above Treasuries, said the person, who asked not to be named because the deal is private. That was lower than the 0.8 discussed initially and compares with an average spread of 0.91 percentage points for bonds of similar ratings and maturities, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch index data.

Technology companies have been among the year s leading issuers of U.S. investment-grade debt, selling $102.7 billion of bonds so far in 2016, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. That s the most of any non-financial sector and about $5 billion less than they sold in all of 2015. Apple Inc., Dell Inc. and Microsoft Corp. hold three of the top five spots for total issuance this year.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

On Monday, Microsoft Corp. sold $19.75 billion of bonds to help finance its planned acquisition of LinkedIn Corp., while Apple Inc., last week issued $7 billion of bonds to fund dividend payments and share buybacks. Investors piled into both deals, allowing the companies to cut the interest they pay on the securities. Low and even negative bond yields on government debt globally have given investors an incentive to buy corporate bonds, which typically offer higher returns.

Google s parent had hinted that it might look to sell debt soon. In a conference call with investors last week, Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said that the technology company may "opportunistically access the market" to refinance short-term debt known as commercial paper and lock in low bond yields.

Alphabet s bonds are relatively safe, said Alex Oxenham, portfolio manager at Hilton Capital Management, which manages $850 million including Google debt, but does not plan to buy the new bonds. Owning Alphabet bonds "certainly beats owning Treasuries," he said, adding that the notes offer more yield than government securities without too much more risk.

Moody s Investors Service rated the bonds Aa2, its third-highest grade, according to a statement on Tuesday. S&P Global Ratings said it graded the bonds the equivalent AA rank. JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Morgan Stanley are managing the sale, according to a company filing.

Tech companies have been issuing bonds in part to avoid taxes on overseas cash. They would have to pay a 35 percent tax to repatriate those funds to the U.S. Rather than use the offshore cash to fund debt repayments, acquisitions and shareholder rewards, it is far cheaper for large multinationals to borrow the funds domestically.

Alphabet had $78.5 billion of cash on its books as of June 30, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. About $30 billion of Google s cash was in the U.S. as of the end of the quarter, Porat said on the company s latest conference call.

Google, based in Mountain View, California, last sold bonds in 2014, when it issued $1 billion of 10-year notes for general corporate purposes, including debt repayment. Its parent company exchanged Google notes for Alphabet debt earlier this year, according to a company statement. S&P - Alphabet Inc.'s proposed senior unsecured notes are assigned 'AA' issue rating  Moody's assigns AA2 rating to Alphabet Inc's new senior unsecured notes  Alphabet files for potential notes offering - SEC filing  
2016-09-02
Analysts Weigh In on Three Stock Giants: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Alphabet Inc ... Apple Inc.

Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White weighed in on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), following the news that Samsung, Apple s main competitor, has issued a worldwide recall of the new Galaxy Note 7 over fears of exploding batteries. The analyst believes that the timing could not have been more propitious for Apple with the iPhone 7/7 Plus expected to be unveiled on September 7 at the company s Special Event.

White noted,  With market expectations for well over 10 million Galaxy Note 7 units in H2:2016, we believe this issue could bode well for Apple and specifically the iPhone 7 Plus with dual camera that is expected to be unveiled next week. Furthermore, we believe the images and videos of burning Galaxy Note 7 devices in the media will cause some damage to the Samsung brand, further bolstering Apple s brand. 

The analyst reiterated a Buy rating on shares of Apple, with a price target of $185, which implies an upside of 72% from current levels.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Brian White has a yearly average return of 8.7% and a 59% success rate. White has an 19.3% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #109 out of 4132 analysts.

Out of the 48 analysts polled by TipRanks, 38 rate Apple stock a Buy, 7 rate the stock a Hold and 3 recommend Sell. With a return potential of 15.5%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $124.46.

Alphabet Inc

The Wall Street Journal has reported that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) intends to add on to its Waze navigation app with a new carpooling service, which will be available to the San Fransisco public starting early Fall this year. Alphabet s first tests started with Waze in Israel in 2015, followed by a May 2016 pilot program launch near California headquarters.

In its next progression, 25,000 San Fransisco employees who work for large firms, such as Wal-Mart and Adobe, will gain access to the pilot, with a two-ride-a-day limit for commutes. Eventually, the goal is to initiate a roll-out for all Waze app users in San Fransisco.

On back of this news, Merrill Lynch top analyst Justin Post reiterates a Buy rating on GOOGL with a price target of $960, which represents a 21% increase from where the shares last closed.

The analyst wrote,  We view the recent events (exit from Uber, carpool pilot, potential carpool expansion) as further testament to Google s long-term commitment to the transportation market and achievement of autonomous driving. [ ] In the meantime, tougher growth comps remain the biggest issue for Alphabet in 3Q, but we continue to like the stock and see several potential product catalysts in 2H including: 1) search improvements (coverage, targeting, ad formats), 2) YouTube traction, 3) new ad initiatives (maps) and 4) new product launches (Home, Allo, Duo). 

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, top five-star analyst Justin Post has achieved a high ranking of #15 out of 4,132 analysts. Post upholds a 75% success rate and yields 19.7% in his annual returns. When recommending GOOGL, Post earns 27.4% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Based on 32 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 31 rate a Buy on GOOGL, while 1 maintains a Hold. The consensus price target stands at $942.84, marking a 19% upside from where the stock is currently trading.

Intel Corporation

Merrill Lynch analyst Vivek Arya provides insight on shares of Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) on the heels of hosting investor meetings with CEO Brian Krzanich and IR head Trey Campbell in Chicago this past Monday and Tuesday.

For Arya, the tech giant remains a  top pick,  and in light of five key takeaways, reiterates a Buy rating on INTC with a price target of $42, which represents just under a 17% increase from where the shares last closed.

First, Arya praises INTC for considerable growth in cloud computing,  Internet-of-Things,  memory, autonomous cars, 5G wireless, gaming/VR.

Second, the analyst recognizes a focus for INTC management on a fresh rack-scale plan for data center specifically, offering full processor suite, silicon photonics, interconnects, memory, rival-trouncing level software, and greater stickiness.

Fourth,  ARM license could help attract foundry customers (we expect Apple to become one by 2018),  Arya believes.

Fifth, Arya notes,  At parity in 4G wireless, early in 5G. Overall we see INTC as a ~4-5% topline and 9-10% EPS grower, paying 3%+ div yield, and trading at attractive 13x 2017 PE vs. peers at 20x. We expect this gap to close in 2H as INTC s data center biz returns to 10%+ growth and as PC market stabilizes. 

Ultimately, though data center growth and competition appeared to dwarf the company considering its weak 1H sales growth, the analyst finds INTC management  comfortable with 2H recovery  and expects the company to be in a stellar position to gain 30% or more shares of Apple s forthcoming iPhone 7 launch.

 The 2018 Korea Olympics could be key testing ground for 5G and we expect INTC to be prominent,  he concludes.

According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Vivek Arya is ranked #295 out of 4,132 analysts. Arya has a 55% success rate and yields 11.9% in his annual returns. When recommending INTC, Arya earns 3.5% in annual profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics indicate INTC as a Buy. Based on 28 analysts polled in the last 3 months, 18 rate a Buy on INTC, 7 maintain a Hold, while 3 issue a Sell. The consensus price target stands at $38.13, marking a nearly 6% upside from where the stock is currently trading. This Google Bet Is A Major Flop Six years ago, Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) embarked on an ambitious project to provide Americans with download and upload speeds averaging 100 times faster than what they currently had access to. Following the launch of Google Fiber, management's projections estimated that the service would reach 5 million subscribers within the first five years. But a myriad of challenges would not let this materialize.

According to The Information, a news site that provides in-depth coverage on the tech industry, by 2014 Google Fiber had managed to sign up only 200,000 subscribers. While the current number of subscribers isn't known, it is safe to assume that the service is nowhere close to the projections provided by management.

With its launch, Google Fiber was supposed to offer consumers a low-cost alternative to high-speed internet providers like Verizon (NYSE: VZ) and AT&T (NYSE: T). On paper, this appeared to be a great idea but after investing hundreds of millions of dollars to build the fiber network, sluggish uptake of the service paints the picture of a major flop.

What's wrong with Google Fiber?

A cursory glance at Google's fiber business reveals details investors need to be aware of. While the company doesn't break down the exact individual dollar figures of the fiber business, it lumps it together with the other bets making it harder to come up with a thorough analysis of the business.

(Source: 10-Q)

The Other Bets segment posted revenues of $185 million with operating losses amounting to $802 million during the same period. According to Google's Q1 quarterly report, the company spent approximately $280 million on Fiber compared to $232 million during the same period last year. CFO Ruth Porat explained that Other Bets capex primarily reflect the company's ongoing investment in the Fiber business which investors shouldn't be surprised if it posted additional losses north of $3.5 billion going by last year's annual report.

Rolling out fiber connections throughout the country to provide people with internet access is no easy task and Google is learning this the hard way. Both Verizon and AT&T have in the recent past scaled back on building their fiber networks with the realization that there are more cost effective means of connecting users.

AT&T reportedly spent more than $140 billion over the last six years building its fiber network and launched in 20 metro areas. On the other hand Verizon's wireline segment increased capex to more than $10 billion in 2007 as it built its FiOS business revealing just how capital intensive laying a physical connection is and by 2015 only about 12 percent of the population had access to the network.

Apart from being capital intensive, it also seems that the fiber connection needs quite a lot of technical expertise which Google supposedly lacks leading to delays in the roll out. In an interview with FierceTelecom, Joelle Phillips, the president of AT&T Tennessee, explained how Google sometimes provides incorrect information in the engineering plans:

I am seeing  errors in (engineering plans) that would be corrected so it's really not so much that (Google) would hire bad contractors but that they might give them bad instructions  We have had some problems in that part of the process. Their drawings frequently would not engineer the job in the way we think is appropriate.

As mentioned earlier, although the fundamentals of the fiber business itself are sound, more cost effective ways of providing high-speed internet are available. As it is now, Google Fiber needs a complete operational makeover in order to protect shareholders from any more losses attributed to it.

Can Google Fiber compete effectively?

On a positive note, management is looking to change tactics if the June acquisition of WebPass is anything to go by. WebPass is a small high-speed internet provider which uses wireless technology to beam internet from one building to another through the use of an antenna connected to a fiber line. The subscriber will then only need to place a small receiver in their building to access the connection.

This means that the time needed for surveys as well as the amount of fiber cable to be laid in a neighborhood can be massively reduced which in turn brings down the cost. According to Eric Schimdt, executive chairman of Google:

 these point-to-point solutions are cheaper than digging up your garden.

However, even with this technology the main question is whether Google Fiber will eventually be able to compete with both AT&T and Verizon which have also been steadily switching to this strategy. Verizon plans to use its upcoming 5G network which according to Recode is expected to have a theoretical download speed of 10Gbps (gigabits per second) to provide high-speed internet access to customers. This is approximately 10 times faster than Google Fiber.

During the MoffettNathanson Media and Communications Summit 2016, Fran Shammo, Verizon's executive vice president and CFO, explained how over the past two years the company's capex in the Wireline segment was going down while Wireless was increasing and would continue doing so going forward. The majority of that capital would be going into densification to help in deploying the 5G network.

AT&T isn't lagging behind either. The company recently explained its capital expenditure plans revealing that it would spend about $22 billion this year. About $10 billion of this amount would be going towards network expansion as the company continues to boost its broadband position with AT&T GigaPower which is a fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) service.

AT&T reports that the service is available at over 1.6 million locations in the top 25 metro areas and plans to further expand to at least 56 metro areas. But Lloyd Smith, the telecom company's president of technology operations, expects that the last mile connection isn't likely to be fiber but a 5G wireless solution which means that the competition with both Google Fiber and Verizon is expected to heat up in the coming years.

Conclusion

The road to becoming a competitive internet service provider has been filled with obstacles for Google Fiber and now it seems the landscape is getting even more challenging. Recent reports indicate that Google's CEO Larry Page has taken some drastic measures to make a leaner and meaner Google Fiber which involve halving the division's workforce. Whether this move coupled with the WebPass acquisition will mark a turnaround for the division remains to be seen. However, at its current status, I remain doubtful of Google Fiber's ability to compete with the other bigger players who will be moving to much faster and cost effective solutions. This Stock Will Follow Amazon Into The Clouds  Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) is Not Selling the Chromebook Pixel 2 Anymore Published By: Ken Bock on September 2, 2016 11:21 am EST

Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) second-generation laptop, the Chromebook Pixel 2, has been discontinued. It was one of Google s most expensive Chromebooks available. The device0020 can no longer be found at Best Buy or Google.com, as it is not in stock anymore and this news has been confirmed by Google.

A Google spokesperson told VentureBeat via an email that the company is committed to the Pixel series but has no plan to restock the Pixel 2. There s no Pixel 3 in the making right now either.

Both the first and second-generation Chromebooks were the most beautifully designed Chromebooks. They had high-quality aluminum designs and the finest features and specifications. And they were also the first-ever Chromebooks to have touchscreens.

Apart from these top-notch features, it also came with a soaring price which went as high as $1,299. Most of that price was because of 1TB of online storage which was given to Pixel users. Even then, Apple s MacBook Pro has the same price and the majority believes that Apple s MacBook Pro is better than the Chromebook. However, earlier this year, Google introduced a cheaper variant of the Pixel 2.

For now, Google has dropped its high-quality laptops and has been focusing on tablets. Pixel C is a tablet with a portable keyboard (C stands for  convertible ). It has Android instead of Google Chrome s OS. The Android applications offer the kind of flexibility the Chrome-based Pixels couldn t provide, however, that is likely to change.

Google had announced earlier that it would introduce Android applications in Chromebooks. The Google Play Store and Android apps have already been introduced for its laptops. This move is an imperative one for Chromebook and the touchscreen is instrumental to guaranteeing the finest experience. While it would have seemed that Pixel and Pixel 2 are the most optimal laptops for Android, that is out of question now.

Merging the Chrome and Android applications is the most important work for Google right now. Google has already advanced to a certain extent and is planning to introduce Android applications in Chromebooks soon. The Pixel gadgets weren t much of a hit with consumers, still, that could change if Google gets the configuration, execution, and value proportion dialed in effectively. 
2016-09-05
Alphabet's Core Business Shines While Other Bets Continue To Flop  Larry Page's grand plan for Google looks more like a mess than a success It's been a year since Larry Page launched his new master-plan to change the world, creating a parent company called Alphabet that overhauled the structure of Google.

When Page announced Alphabet, he wrote that splitting the company into various subsidiaries would help make the divisions more financially accountable while also making it easier for each one to better tackle their big, ambitious goals.

Only the first part of that appears to be coming true.

Fears confirmed

A recent report from The Information s Kevin McLaughlin says that Craig Barratt, the leader of the Access and Energy division, which runs Google Fiber, almost left after the restructuring because he was worried it would make it harder to get resources. The same report says that Fiber is behind on its goals and that Baratt has now been ordered to halve the team and dramatically cut costs.

Similarly, when Tony Fadell left Nest after a tumultuous year of management issues and product delays, sources told The Verge that his aversion to the increased pressure for profits played into his departure as well.

While Fiber and Nest faced growth-stalls and product pivots, the moonshot lab X has also reportedly slowed hiring and is headed towards a shake-up as it fails to get products out the door.

Meanwhile, the company s self-driving car project still hasn't announced any business plan and a bunch of people have left. The life sciences division Verily has been accused of peddling  slideware,  and Google just killed its ambitious build-it-yourself-phone.

Tough choices

There is absolutely no question that hugely ambitious projects like finding new ways to prevent disease, creating internet balloons, or dramatically increasing the country s internet speeds are huge, hard projects.

But one year into Alphabet, it looks like putting financial pressures on those projects is a lose-lose. The 10 confirmed "Other Bets" only collectively made $185 million in revenue last quarter with $859 million in losses. Meanwhile, there have been few major launches or announcements, but plenty of issues.

Remember that $859 million in losses is still pocket-change compared to Alphabet's overall $21.5 billion in Q3 revenue. If some Bets need more money, there doesn't have to be a shortage as long as core Google keeps growing and innovating.

Which it seems to be doing, with good-looking advertising growth and significant strides in artificial intelligence.

As Alphabet winds down a really tough summer, it feels like a good time for Larry Page to do a gut-check about how serious Alphabet is about each of its moonshots and either go all-in, with less financial pressure, or start spinning them off or shutting them down.

Because, right now, the parts of the company that were once the perfect marketing for luring potential talent and showing off Google as the world s most influential tech pioneer, look more like a mess than an advertisement.

A third option: Page could start taking more of his wildest bets outside of Alphabet. Earlier this year Bloomberg reported that Page has, on his own dime, secretly invested in flying cars.

While Wall Street applauds the increased financial discipline seen so far under Alphabet, tackling bold, ambitious projects is really, really hard, but even more so when leaders fear budget cuts. Recent reports beg the question, at what point do strict goals and cut back resources for the company's 10x bets do more harm than good? 
2016-03-13
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) AI Wins 3 Times at a Game of Go Go is one of the oldest board games in the world and there are a few players who can make it look easy. But one top human player just watched Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) creation take a 3-0 lead against him in a best of five series.

Just a few hours ago, AlphaGo, an artificially intelligent algorithm created by DeepMind, won against Lee Sedol, a top player in the board game Go. The program took a 3-0 lead in a best of five series, so it already has the win. But the two will play the remaining games tomorrow and on Tuesday. Google s creation was ready to play and used a number of strategies that caught Lee by surprise.

There have been plenty of battles between human players and machines, but this was different. It was one of the first times that a computer program came up with strategies that human players would never think about doing. It adapted to the situation and proved it was a really good opponent.

It wasn t easy for the company as Go is a complex game and does not leave room for the program to look at every move it could make. There are just too many possibilities, so DeepMind came up with a program that acts like humans when they play board games.

On Google s research blog, they explain that AlphaGo has two neural networks. One of them looks at the possible moves and the other evaluates which of those is the likeliest to have the best result.

AlphaGo faced the European Go champion back in October but people wanted to see it go up against other human players. DeepMind s CEO Demis Hassabis later announced that the company was organizing a competition against Lee Sedol.

Improvements and Moves

The computer took three straight games. The player who faced AlphaGo back in October, Fan Hui, watched and also worked with DeepMind to help it play at a higher level than it was when it competed against him last year. The program was prepared for the strong competition and had a few strategies against Lee. It did not act like an average human would when facing him and had a number of moves that many would not try. A few moves later, they started making sense and Fan told Wired that he had never seen a human play that move.

The last two matches will be played soon but the program already has the win.



 Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Picasa Starts Leaving In Two Days A few weeks ago, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) announced that Picasa would be discontinued. The photo app was not removed right away, the company explained that it would start leaving this month and the move would be complete two months later.

Google said it would no longer update or support Picasa after March 15, which is almost two days away. Those who have Picasa will still be able to use some of the features after that day, but the app will no longer receive bug fixes or updates.

Picasa   Web Albums and Other Features

Picasa, a photo editing application, has been around for years. The app has attracted lots of users for its simple to use features, but the company also has Google Photos, which was announced last year after becoming a separate app from Google+.

Google Photos is also a good photograph, video sharing and storage service, so Picasa users will not be left without an application when the moves are completed. One of the moves will be for the Picasa Web Albums, which will be part of Google Photos on May 1.

Users still have time to edit their photos on Picasa but Google recommends that users begin logging in with Google Photos when editing pictures and albums.

Picasa was created in 2002 but was acquired by the search giant two years later. The application allows users to organize and edit their photos. Picasa Web Albums, one of its biggest features, allows users to store and share their photos on the service. The desktop version of Picasa will work after March 15 and May 1 but some of the features such as the Picasa Web Albums will not be available and the images will be moved to the new application.

Google Photos   Features

On February 12, the company announced that the desktop application would be discontinued on March 15. Google said that the primary reason was that it wanted to focus its efforts on a single photos service. The service won t be gone completely, those who use it or decide to download right before March 15 will be able to use many of the features but with no support from Google.

Google Photos, released nine months ago, offers many of the features from Picasa but also comes with unlimited photo and video storage. The reception has been good and the service is considered among the best of its kind. Google Photos is available for Android, iOS and browsers.



 
2016-06-17
Checks Indicate Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Can Miss Q2 Revenue Estimates: Citigroup Published By: Angela Campbell on June 17, 2016 09:11 am EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stock has surged more than 32% in the last twelve months, hitting its 52-week high of $810.35 in early-February, especially after its fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. However, the search engine behemoth struggled to maintain its strong form during its first quarter, posting weaker-than-expected top and bottom line results.

Several analysts on Wall Street including the likes of JP Morgan and Stifel lowered their estimates on Alphabet stock, citing deceleration in company s networking business. On the other end, Piper Jaffray s Gene Munster maintained his bullish stance on the stock and recommended investors to buy Alphabet stock following its Q1 post earnings selloff.

The search engine giant came under the spotlight once again as analysts at Citigroup issued unsettling comments pertaining to Alphabet s upcoming second quarter earnings. The company is scheduled to report financial results for its second quarter of 2016 on July 19. Citigroup highlighted results from its recent supply checks which reflected deceleration in the growth rate of search marketing spend during the current quarter.

Analysts on Wall Street are expecting Alphabet to report $16.84 billion in total revenues along with the adjusted earnings per share (EPS) of $8.045 for its second quarter. Citigroup remains uncertain about the company s top line figures and expects the Alphabet s current quarter results to come in slightly below the Street s expectations. Analysts at Citigroup maintained a Buy rating on the stock along with the twelve-month price target of $900. Furthermore, the research believes that Alphabet stock s valuation is favorable at current price levels.

Last month, Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an Overweight rating on Alphabet stock while boosting its twelve-month price target to $865, up from its previous estimate of $850. Out of 49 analysts polled by Bloomberg, 44 advocated a Buy rating for Alphabet stock while only five recommended a Hold rating. Alphabet stock closed down 1.08% at $724.25 in the last trading session. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Nexus 2016 Rumored to Arrive in August with Android ... Published By: Angela Campbell on June 17, 2016 01:20 pm EST

According to rumors, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is expected to release the next generation Nexus smartphone later this year, which will be powered by the latest Android 7.0 N. The company just released the Android N Developer Preview 4 and is expected to launch the new OS in August. This has led many to believe that the new Nexus will come preinstalled with the Android 7.0 Nutella.

Android N Developer preview currently shows a time of 7.0, which has led many to believe that the latest Android OS will carry the 7.0 tag. Every year, Google releases a new Nexus device that comes preinstalled with the newest Android OS and experts suggest that the new Nexus device will be revealed in September.

Google was expected to release Android N at its I/O event earlier this month, but declined to talk about the latest OS then. Android N will also feature the latest VR Daydream platform as Google intensifies its push towards virtual reality. Daydream is the biggest new feature that will come with Android N, and the new Nexus devices will be the only ones to support this new platform.

According to reports, Google has partnered with HTC for the latest Nexus device. The new Nexus is expected to be powered by the Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 chipset coupled with 3GB of RAM. The device is also expected to come in two storage variants of 64GB and 128GB.

Other reports also suggest that Huawei might also be working on another Nexus device this year, but there are rumors that suggest the device could either be a tablet or smartphone. There are also reports that the Nexus from Huawei will sport the latest cameras from Leica. Huawei s Nexus 6P was voted the best Android device of the year and Huawei seems to be looking at the idea of creating yet another perfect device. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Launches Gboard For iPhone And iPad Published By: Patrick Arruda on June 17, 2016 02:22 pm EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has launched an alternate keyboard for iPhone and iPad users. The ability to Google search directly from the keyboard itself sets it apart from the native keyboard present on iOS device. This way user will not have to open a separate window if they want to search something, as they can do it directly from their keyboard now. Google calls it Gboard, and it is actually handier than you can imagine. Here is The Country Caller s take on the newly launched keyboard for iOS users.

Google has designed this iOS replacement keyboard to make it convenient for users to search content. The search engine giant has designed Gboard to offer so much more than just a search key; it can also be used to search for GIFs for text messages, incorporate emojis, with the ability to swipe and write, much similar to an Android device. The keyboard is compatible with iOS 9 and will be programmed to run effectively with the upcoming iOS 10 as well.

There have been strong rumors speculating that Apple is striving to make iMessage compatible with Android devices, so Gboard might not be the only integration between the two tech giants for long. One downside of the application is that users will not be able to access Siri when they use Gboard. This is a concern as the native keyboard on an iOS device offers this feature in iOS 10. Apple s latest operating system will allow users to use more than one third-party keyboard and switch between them, so Gboard might just be the start for iOS users.

Google has done a brilliant job in designing a unique keyboard for iOS users that will make it more convenient for them to search and communicate with others. Although the native keyboard on an iOS device is decent, we would suggest you to try to Gboard Alphabet's stock drops after downbeat analyst comments on marketing spend Shares of Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% dropped 2.4% toward a seven-week low in midday trade Friday, after Citigroup raised concerns about search spending growth. Analyst Mark May said his checks with two leading search engine marketing (SEM) agencies, which have a combined view into $5 billion in spending a year--the bulk of which is done on Alphabet's Google--suggested search marketing spending growth could decelerate in the second quarter vs. the first quarter. "This could be slightly below current forecasts, though how we interpret the data and what to compare it with is sometimes up for debate," May wrote in a note to clients. He said current expectations call for year-over-year marketing spend growth to remain unchanged at 18%. May said that although the data is from just two SEM companies, and don't include all of June, he would not expect any upside to his second-quarter forecasts, and said there was a possibility that revenue falls 1% to 2% shy of consensus estimates. The FactSet consensus is for revenue of $16.87 billion. The stock has now lost 9.2% year to date, while the S&P 500 has gained 1.2%. 
2016-04-05
Facebook Inc. Dominates Alphabet Inc. in This Key Metric Today, Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stands head-and-shoulders ahead of its nearest competitor, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), in the race for digital advertising spend. Just how big of a mountain does Facebook have to climb to make a dent in Alphabet's leadership position? In the fourth quarter of 2015, Alphabet reported $21.33 billion revenue -- over 90% of which was ad-related. That was more than Facebook's revenue of $17.93 billion for all of last year.

Such a disparity in size would seem to make comparisons between Alphabet and Facebook a stretch. But before investors discount Facebook as a legitimate competitor to Alphabet, the social-media king already owns a commanding lead in one critical segment of the online advertising market. And if forecasts are to be believed, that leadership position could prove to be just what Facebook needs to gain on Alphabet.

Surprise, surprise

According to data from eMarketer, Alphabet, as expected, blew away its search advertising brethren again last year, and more of the same is expected in 2016. Of the global search market's net $74.72 billion in ad spend -- that is, what was left after traffic acquisition costs (TACs) and other expenses -- nearly 59% went to Alphabet in 2015, and though its share is expected to decline to "just" 55.2%, revenue will climb to $47.57 billion this year.

Naturally, Facebook is nowhere to be found on a list of the world's search leaders. But search isn't the only online marketing platform. It may not come as a surprise to learn that Facebook is the global leader in display ads, as measured by revenue. Display ads are incorporated into websites and include video and images, among other formats.

What may raise an eyebrow or two is just how dominant Facebook's display leadership position is -- and the future looks even better. Facebook finished 2015 with $17.08 billion in net display advertising sales, a 48.6% jump from the prior year and good for 25% of the global marketplace. By comparison, Alphabet's Google was a distant second, with $9.07 billion in display ad revenue.

Unlike Alphabet, however, Facebook's share of the booming display-ad pie is expected to grow to over $22 billion in 2016, good for 26.9% of the market. Just as impressively, Facebook is expected to generate more than twice the display-ad revenue than Alphabet. As Facebook gains a larger portion of display-advertising dollars this year, Alphabet's will decline to 12.3%, a percentage point less than 2015.

The two digital leaders are moving in opposite directions as it relates to display spots, and if industry pundits prove correct, that could be the impetus Facebook needs to close the gap with Alphabet.

Why it matters

By virtually all accounts, digital advertising -- both search and display -- will continue to earn an ever-increasing portion of marketers' budgets. In fact, at the end of 2017, digital ads are forecasted to outpace TV as the world's No. 1 advertising alternative. Growth of the entire online ad market bodes well for both Alphabet and Facebook, but a separate report indicates that display ads will get a big boost this year.

Display-ad revenue will surpass search in the U.S. for the first time ever in 2016, according to eMarketer. That's notable, because as the largest digital ad market on the planet, the U.S. is a bellwether of sorts for online trends. Better still for Facebook, the disparity between U.S. search and display-ad spend is expected to widen further in each of the next three years.

With its host of revenue opportunities waiting in the wings -- WhatsApp, Messenger, and Oculus Rift, to name a few -- and video spots and the monetization of Instagram in full swing, Facebook is already inching its way up the digital-advertising ladder. Considering its surprisingly large display-ad market leadership, and expectations for that to lead the way in terms of online spend, the hill Facebook needs to climb to catch Alphabet may be a bit smaller than some investors had thought. Alphabet Inc.'s (GOOG) Google European Regulatory Woes Not Over Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) executives must have popped up champagne when the British tax authorities slapped Google with a light  140m ($185m) in back taxes. As they celebrated, British lawmakers united to condemn the deal, lending a political angle to the debate.

This political fires seemed to have spread to the European Union, which is considering expanding investigations to determine if Alphabet abused its dominance via its Android mobile operating system and its Adsense ad service.

In January, the Scottish National Party s deputy chief Stewart Hosie wrote to Brussels asking for a probe into Google s tax deal with the UK revenue authority.

EU competition czar Commissioner Margrethe Vestager, who has proved a thorn in Google s flesh with her numerous attempts to investigate the latter s malfeasances, suggested on Monday that she could initiate formal charges against Google.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Last April, Ms. Vestager took Google to court for unfairly leveraging on its market dominance to direct search results in favor of its own shopping service.

Alphabet Investigated over Android Practices

She also launched a formal investigation into Google s behavior with Android and revealed she would monitor its conduct in other aspects, such as whether it obstructs or prevents website owners from signing up for ads that compete with Adsense.

The EU recently mailed queries to firms asking for further information concerning Google s conduct in its advertising unit. Some of the information asked further details beyond whether Google deliberately forced website owners to sign up for its service.

However, Ms. Vestager said she is unsure of when the investigation into Google s conduct on Android will be completed. One aspect the EU competition commission is investigating is whether Google requires users to sign up for Google apps if they buy Android products.

Google has frequently been criticized over allegations that it asked tablet and smartphone manufacturers to preinstall its own range of apps for search, messages and email. Manufacturers who wish to include their own apps that offer similar services are thought to be asked to preinstall such apps.

Ms. Vestager, widely accused of targeting American companies, has refuted the claim. She used the case of Russian energy monolith Gazprom PAO, which being investigated for breaching antitrust laws, to rubbish such claims.

U.S. firms that are being investigated for questionable tax practices include Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Apple Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL). The U.S. Treasury Secretary Jack Lew had in February lodged a complaint with the European Union, accusing it of unfairly zeroing on U.S. companies over tax breaks.

Intense Lobbying Prompted Lew s Letter

Lew decision to write the later could have been prompted by intense lobbying by US business leaders and Silicon Valley organizations, which argued the EU was discriminating against U.S. multinationals.

Apple is currently being investigated over its tax breaks in Ireland. Amazon is being investigated over its tax deal in Luxembourg, where it employs 1,000 workers. The online shopping giant has been accused of paying  11.9m in taxes in Britain, despite the fact that its Luxembourg unit reporting  5.3bn in sales in UK alone.

Amazon s UK sales amounted to 9.4 percent of its global revenues, and were channelled via its Luxembourg unit Amazon EU Sarl. The unit also received billions in revenue from France, Germany and other strong EU economies without being subjected to taxes on any profits earned there.

The EU is currently investigating if tax breaks offered by its member countries, such as Luxembourg and Ireland, break laws governing state aid to businesses. If the tax breaks are found to be illegal, the EU will ask the affected countries to recover such tax funds from the involved corporations.

Other U.S. companies that have been subjected to investigations by the EU include McDonald s Corporation, The Coca-Cola Co (NYSE:KO), Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS), PepsiCo, Inc. (NYSE:PEP) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB). 
2016-03-10
Alphabet Inc. Could Make $3.5 Billion Off Intel Corporation's Tax Battle Plenty of tech companies have tangled with the IRS before, but a recent tax battle between the agency and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) could generate a $3.5 billion windfall for Google's parent company Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

Back in 2003, chipmaker Altera challenged an IRS rule which states that foreign subsidiaries of U.S. companies must help cover the costs associated with the stock-based compensation of U.S. employees. For example, if a U.S.-based engineer builds a product which is sold through a foreign subsidiary, the subsidiary must pay a portion of the engineer's salary.

Intel acquired Altera last year, before a Tax Court judge decided to overturn the IRS rule in a 15-0 ruling. The IRS subsequently appealed the ruling, which now makes it Intel's fight. However, this isn't Intel's first clash with the IRS -- the agency hit Intel with $600 million in extra taxes over a decade ago over its 1999 and 2000 tax bills.

How does this affect Alphabet?

The legal battle between Intel and the IRS directly impacts other major companies' tax bills. That's because multinational companies generally try to maximize costs in the U.S., where taxes are higher, while minimizing them abroad, where taxes are lower.

The IRS claims that this strategy enables U.S. companies to claim the entirety of an employee's compensation as a tax deduction to lower its domestic tax bill, while letting it accumulate more profits in an offshore subsidiary located in a country with lower tax rates. Intel argues that two unrelated companies shouldn't share that expense. The IRS claims that since a parent company funds a subsidiary, the two companies' businesses are related.

Alphabet's overseas subsidiaries pay a large portion of the stock-based compensation of the company's stateside employees. If the IRS' appeal fails, Alphabet has disclosed that it could receive a tax benefit of $3.5 billion -- more than the $3.3 billion it paid in income taxes in 2015. It's unclear how much Intel stands to gain from the ruling, but Altera's dispute involves about $80 million in accumulated expenses between 2004 and 2007.

Are Alphabet and Intel paying their fair share?

Receiving a $3.5 billion windfall would certainly be a positive development for Alphabet investors, but it also raises questions about fair taxation. Alphabet's total effective tax rate for 2015 was just 17%, less than half the U.S. corporate tax rate of 35%.

Like many multinational companies, Alphabet reduces it tax bill by keeping its cash overseas, since overseas income can't be taxed by the IRS until it is repatriated. Since interest rates are at historic lows, many companies finance dividends, acquisitions, or other investments with debt instead of bringing cash back to the U.S. Many companies also funnel their profits through low-tax countries like Ireland -- which has a 6.5% corporate tax rate -- enabling them to retain a much larger slice of their profits.

By holding foreign subsidiaries responsible for their parent companies' stock-based compensation, the IRS is trying to prevent companies like Intel and Alphabet from maximizing domestic expenses to minimize their U.S. tax bills. Multinational companies argue that the practice is perfectly legal, and that the U.S. should lower its corporate tax rate to encourage companies to repatriate their earnings.

The "largest unresolved tax issue"

If Intel wins, it wouldn't just be a victory for the chipmaker and Alphabet. About 20 other companies, including Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), have recently disclosed an interest in the case's outcome.

Microsoft has also been targeted by the U.S. government for using Irish subsidiaries to reduce its taxes. Back in 2012, the Senate accused Microsoft of using those subsidiaries to avoid paying $6.5 billion in taxes between 2009 and 2011. The IRS has also been running a long-term probe into Microsoft's tax strategies. At the end of 2014, the agency sued former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer and several executives to force the company to turn over more tax-related documents and submit additional testimonies. Intel's potential victory wouldn't solve all of Microsoft's tax problems, but it could lower its tax bill in the same way as Alphabet's.

Eric Ryan, partner at the law firm DLA Piper, recently told The Wall Street Journal that the foreign stock-based compensation tax issue has become "the largest unresolved tax issue that high-technology companies now have."

The key takeaway

Investors should follow this case carefully, because it could have long-term implications for any U.S. based company which generates a large portion of its revenue overseas while paying its employees large amounts of stock-based compensation. It also highlights the ongoing problems between the IRS and U.S. multinational companies, which have caused many major companies to relocate their headquarters to lower-tax countries to permanently reduce their tax bills. Alphabet Inc: Google's Project Fi Is Loose, Watch Out! (GOOGL, GOOG) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL, GOOG) announced in an official blog post Monday that its Project Fi wireless service has exited the invitation-only beta period and the service is now open to everyone in the U.S.

Last May, after several years of rumors, speculation and debate, Google finalized arrangements to set itself up as a mobile virtual network operator.

Simply put, an MVNO is a reseller of cellular phone services, and in the case of Project Fi, customers will utilize a combination of network and data services from both T-Mobile (TMUS) and Sprint (S).

In this regard, Project Fi is the first MVNO to offer customers the benefit of simultaneous cell service from two of the nation s top four carriers. Even better, the price for Project Fi is surprisingly low, and in most cases significantly less than comparable voice and data plans from other carriers.

What Makes Project Fi Unique?

While all of the carriers, including Verizon (VZ) and AT&T (T), have successfully blanketed most of the continental United States with network coverage, each suffers from unreliable or spotty service in certain regions. Much of the time, however, those areas are not the same from one carrier to the next.

Project Fi offers a possible solution to consumers affected by poor cell reception. By automatically and constantly analyzing the strength and quality of the signal from both T-Mobile and Sprint towers, calls will be placed over whichever network offers the best signal. If the quality of that signal deteriorates, Project Fi devices will seamlessly transfer in-progress calls to the next best signal, even if that means moving it from one carrier to the next.

Additionally, Project Fi devices will perform the same operation when a sufficiently strong Wi-Fi signal is present. Calls will routinely switch from T-Mobile or Sprint networks to Wi-Fi, and back again, as necessary to maintain optimum quality.

Users concerned about privacy and security issues with Wi-Fi calling need not fret, as all data is routed through a secure proprietary virtual private network, which  protects your data from being looked at by other users on the open Wi-Fi network. 

Project Fi May Threaten Other Carriers

The automatic switching of phone calls back and forth between Wi-Fi and cellular networks could pose a risk to the nation s current wireless big dogs. This type of cooperative feature has never existed before, and it presents consumers an opportunity to enjoy the coverage and reliability of two companies, instead of forcing them to choose only one. That, alone, will likely attract a number of new customers to Google, especially as word of Project Fi spreads.

Aside from the multiple network/Wi-Fi configuration, Project Fi s price point has the potential to disrupt the industry as well. The base service, simply called Fi Basics, costs just $20 per month and includes unlimited domestic talk and text, unlimited international texts and coverage in more than 120 countries. Data costs just $10 per gigabyte. So, a 2GB plan would cost a total of $40.

The latest similar plan from Verizon costs $45 per month, but that only comes with 3GB of data. AT&T is offering 2GB for $30 or 5GB for $50. While the difference here is minimal, every dollar counts and in today s wireless world there s no such thing as loyalty.

Next Page Eleventh-Hour Option Bulls Place Bets On Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) is facing a government investigation into a recent car crash involving one of its self-driving vehicles . Specifically, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is looking for a "more detailed exploration of what exactly happened." Despite this setback, GOOGL stock -- and option bulls -- are undeterred.At last check, the shares have gained 0.9% to trade at $732.18, continuing a recent bounce off their 160-day moving average. Meanwhile, GOOGL options are crossing the tape at 1.2 times the usual intraday rate, with calls outstripping puts. Among the most active is the weekly 3/11 730-strike call, where traders are purchasing new positions in the hopes of an extended rally through tomorrow's close, when the series expires These short-term speculators are far from the only ones bullish toward GOOGL . A look at the brokerage crowd reveals 32 of 34 covering analysts consider the stock worthy of a "buy" or better rating, with not a single "sell" opinion on the books. Also, the consensus 12-month price target of $925.29 stands in all-time-high territory -- and represents a hefty 26% premium to current levels.Meanwhile, short sellers have been in cover mode . During the most recent reporting period, short interest on Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) dropped almost 11%. Currently, roughly 1% of the stock's float is sold short, and would take not even two sessions to cover, at typical trading volumes.

Sign up now for Schaeffer's Market Recap to get all the day's big stock movers, must-know technical levels, and top economic stories straight to your inbox. Alphabet Inc. Partners With Cloudamize to Facilitate Migration to Cloud Published By: Patrick Arruda on March 10, 2016 12:32 pm EST

In a recent happening in Philadelphia, Cloudamize has announced partnership with Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) subsidiary Google in order to offer migration planning for Google Cloud free of charge. Cloudamize is a web-based utility which offers cloud infrastructure analytics and helps companies optimize costs.

The service will help determine needs and requirements of companies to provide them a personalized Google Cloud configuration suited to their nature and workload. Google and Cloudamize offer all four hybrid, cloud, virtual, and physical infrastructure migration tools for all companies requiring at least 10 servers.

Bob Moul, CEO of Cloudamize, said that workload modeling, estimating costs, and creating migration plans were quite manual. With Cloudamize offering services for Google, that nuisance would become easily avoidable as the entire migration-planning process would speed up and simplify due to automation, and would not charge customers at all. This way, Cloudamize would help companies look beyond the difficulties of migration planning so that they would be able to achieve the true potential of the cloud.

Cloudamize is a smart utility as it automatically prefers the suitable applications for migration based on readiness and dependencies. It also provided a visual tool for graphing the dependencies of any applications placed on a certain node to avoid future complications and troubleshooting. A Migration plan generated via Cloudamize would be readily-executable and optimum in terms of costs, workload, and performance. Cloudamize customers have saved as much as 50% of their costs via current infrastructure and cut down the migration and planning process by 65%.

This partnership could go a long way for Google, particularly in relation to growth of its cloud platform. Google shares are currently up 0.76% at $730.94 as of 11:42 AM ET Thursday, after the news broke out. The Street currently maintains a bullish stance on the stock, as it has 30 Buys and 3 Hold ratings on the stock. Alphabet Inc: Google Docs Gets a Speed Boost and a New Outline Feature Published By: Myrna Salomon on March 10, 2016 12:51 pm EST

For those who were complaining about Google Docs and its drawbacks, it looks like the tech giant has managed to release a new update that will make it easier to navigate and manage documents for the users now; additionally being equipped with a handy new tool called  Outline . The update is already available for download, and the Outline feature adds a new bar on the right hand side of the screen for the web version. The bar gives users access to different sections of a document.

As for Android devices, they will feature a navigation bar instead. Once selected, it will provide a complete outline of the document along with its structure, and from there, users can jump to any section, which in turn is perfect for all those individuals who view a lot of documents on their tablets or phones, thus making it easier to scan through them.

The feature also creates new sections if there aren t any. Google stated that the Outline tool is adaptive, and makes logical divisions, which can then be edited by users according to their own needs and requirements. This new tool can also be accessed by selecting  Tool  and then  Document  on the web version; but for the Android, it will have to be accessed from the overflow menu by selecting Document outline.

Even though a similar feature had already been introduced by Microsoft some time ago, Google has managed to bring something new to the table with an intelligent tool which does not always depend on the user to make necessary adjustments. Although it is too early to tell whether it will be a success or not, the latest update for Google Docs does hold a lot of promise. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Launches Google Chrome Music Lab Published By: Angela Campbell on March 10, 2016 11:23 am EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) has released one of its creations known as Chrome Music Lab, which is essentially a showcase for various experiments conducted by the search engine giant in conjunction with various musicians and industry professionals. The website is accessible via any digital medium used to browse the internet, with support for various mobile devices and desktops.

Google s offering, while completely free, is currently limited to 12 different experiments only, which correspond to completely different aspects of music separately, including Harmonics, Piano Roll and Chords; to name a few. The underlying technology powering these experiments is the Web Audio API which allows developers and musicians to work within their browsers to do the needful. The code is open source and is available via GitHub for interested developers to work with, as well as other users looking to tinker with the existing implementations.

Google s Chrome Music Lab is as much a proof of concept as well as a teaching tool, which can be used to engage users and communities across the world, and also provide the merits of high quality music education and related arts programs in the region.

The Chrome Music Lab in its current form is highly simplistic to use and harness, something that should enable it to be used in various communities, possibly in multi-lingual contexts. The release has been called  super addictive  by Gizmodo and is expected to significantly increase user awareness about similar tools in the near future. Microsoft Corporation Contributes, Alphabet Inc Joins Facebook Inc Open ... Published By: Angela Campbell on March 10, 2016 09:59 am EST

Software giant Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) revealed on Wednesday that it is contributing its Software for Open Networking in the Cloud (SONiC), a Linux-based software that establishes a standard to program and operate a network switch, to Facebook Inc. s (NASDAQ:FB) Open Compute Project (OCP) for free. Yesterday, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) subsidiary Google disclosed that it has joined the OCP with its contribution of designs for the high-voltage server racks it currently uses. The Country Caller discusses the motives that these tech giants have to give away their custom-made solutions to others.

Open Compute Project

Founded in 2011 by Facebook, the Open Compute Project is a nonprofit organization which  provides a structure in which individuals and organizations can share their intellectual property with others and encourage the IT industry to evolve.  The idea was conceived in 2009 after the social media giant realized the need for energy-efficient server rooms, which would not only save space and consume less energy, but also help the company control operating costs.

Two years later, the OCP kicked off when the social media giant publically disclosed its hardware designs, which are quite similar in concept to the way open source software operates. According to Facebook, it has saved up over $2 billion after it built its first energy-efficient data center in Prineville, Oregon. Once a member contributes hardware designs, they are free to be modified and used by anyone. In fact, users can communicate their changes back to the group, and hardware on the modified design(s) would then be built by contract manufacturers part of the OCP.

OCP members include individuals as well as organizations. Member companies are divided into three tiers, with the likes of Goldman Sachs, Google, Intel, Microsoft, Deutsche Telekom, AT&T and Ericsson in the Platinum member category; Cisco, Nokia, and Lenovo Group in the Gold tier and Bank of America and Samsung in the Silver member group.

Google Has Joined

This Wednesday, Google announced its membership in the OCP with its first-ever contribution of the designs of its 48-volt server racks that it has been using for the past five years. Vice President of Technical Infrastructure, Urs H lze, says these blueprints will let others ultimately save power-related costs. He further added that these designs will establish a standard for different data center parts to work together, improving compatibility of hardware from different vendors.

A hardware design is not the only thing an OCP member can contribute, though. Contributors are welcome to share all sorts of intellectual property, which then brings us to Microsoft, the company that has recently shared the software that helps in not only controlling but also modifying the networks used in data centers.

Microsoft s Contribution

Although it originally created the software to use in its own cloud-computing data centers, Microsoft is now contributing SONiC to the OCP. Essentially, the software is used to operate a computer network switch called software-defined networking (SDN), which brings all the expensive features of other switches to software, easing programmers  pain of modifying and updating networks.

Since it is programmable, SONiC can work with any switch. Microsoft Azure Chief Technology Officer Mark Russinovich says this will help people in installing switches from various vendors and in changing vendors. "It's the reality of networking. Networking has to become software defined to operate at the agility of a hyperscale cloud, or any large data center that wants to support the speed that businesses want services to be deployed," he said.

Microsoft has a good motive to share the software for free: it ups its game against Cisco, the networking equipment maker which currently commands a 60% market share with its user-stickiness. In fact, the San Jose, California-based company has engineers spending years to study intricate details of a Cisco network in order to become a Cisco Certified Network Engineer.

The networking equipment maker currently has its Nexus 9000 switch in the SDN market, which operates its programmable, customized software. Microsoft s contribution will drastically hurt Cisco s stronghold in the SDN market. On the other hand, the OCP s free-sharing model is challenging Cisco s fundamentally.

Microsoft s SDN-making partners for SONiC include Mellanox, Dell, Broadcom and Arista. Apparently, they are going up against VMware and Cisco. Mr. Russinovich added that Microsoft is still using the software to support Office 365 and Azure.

It appears that both Google and Microsoft are eager to share their expertise with other OCP members, as that would, in turn, help the companies grow and develop. Given that the OCP is now growing with smaller customers as well, this is much more likely than before. Additionally, the OCP provides a platform for both contract manufacturers and group members to collaborate and modify existing designs and software. 
2016-01-13
Alphabet Inc.'s Google Reports 13 Near-Miss Incidents With Self-Driving Cars Autonomous cars tested by Alphabet Inc. s Google X division are getting better, but they still have to hand over control to human test engineers on rare occasions.

Google filed a report with the state of California on Tuesday that outlined 272 occurrences during a 14-month period where the software on its vehicles detected a problem that required an immediate handover to the human test driver. Of those, Google analyzed that if a... It's Official: Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL) Is Gunning for Facebook Inc's (FB ... Going into 2016, Facebook Inc (FB) was the clear leader in the world of virtual reality. Oculus, which Facebook purchased for $2 billion in 2014, will be releasing its long-awaited, mass-produced Oculus Rift VR headset in March.

To be clear, FB is still the top dog in virtual reality 13 days into the New Year. It has 400 people working in its Oculus division. What s changed, however, is Alphabet Inc s (GOOG, GOOGL) commitment to VR: It has stepping up its game, and looks to be gunning for the current industry leader.

What s the giveaway? Google CEO Sundar Pichai moved one of the company s most valuable execs into a new role, creating a new division in the process. The division is not-so-subtly named Virtual Reality. And the exec in question is Clay Bavor, formerly the VP for product management.

Bavor s former position called for him to oversee apps like Gmail, Drive and Docs, but he also worked intensely on Cardboard, GOOG s first VR product.

 Certainly, inside Google, it s (Cardboard) not viewed as an experiment,  said Bavor in an interview with The Verge last May.

GOOG s Silent Ambitions in VR

It may sound like a joke that Google plans on seriously competing with FB in the realm of VR, and there s good reason for that. Facebook has been extremely vocal about its virtual reality plans, which include a partnership with Microsoft (MSFT): The Oculus Rift will ship with an Xbox One controller, and will allow users to stream Xbox One games in VR.

GOOG s ambitions, on the other hand, have far less PR behind them. It didn t make a big fuss about Bavor s recent change in job titles, and has kept relatively tight-lipped about its aspirations. Even a partnership with GoPro (GPRO) to bring 360-degree video to YouTube wasn t hyped.

The GoPro collab isn t just important for Google s VR aspirations, it s also a vital strategic initiative for YouTube, which is trying to fend off FB as it pushes to become a bigger player in video. Bottom line: It s a meaningful project on two levels for GOOG, despite the lack of hype surrounding it.

Hype or no hype, there are other hints that GOOG is taking immersive technology more seriously, and perhaps working on something behind the scenes.

In his interview with The Verge last May, reporter Dieter Bohn concludes the segment by complimenting the contraption used to capture 360-degree video, a drone-like device with 16 GoPros facing outwards at the landscape in the shape of a circle. He calls it a  cool rig,  but notes that it requires a lot of processing power to stitch the 16 different video captures into one coherent, all-encompassing one.

Curious, Bohn asks Bavor:  Why not create a new type of super-camera that can just do it (capture 360-degree video) without having to do all this insane stitching power on the back-end   is that a thing that is even possible? 

 That s a great idea,  says Bavor, coyly.  [It s] one of the many things we re thinking about. 

As of this writing, John Divine did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace How Apple could lose its place as world's biggest company Apple Inc. could lose its spot as the world s most valuable company in 2016, with Google marching toward new highs as the tech giant cements its dominance in the smartphone market.

As of Tuesday s close, Apple s AAPL, -0.53% market value stood at around $550 billion, roughly $50 billion above that of Google parent Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% GOOG, -0.09% That s about the closest the two have been since 2010, as shown in the chart below. Hat tip to Bespoke for pointing out the trend.

 Apple is now only more valuable than Google because it is holding on to more cash. Stripping out each company s net cash, then Alphabet is officially more valuable than Apple,  said James Cordwell, digital analyst at Atlantic Equities.

Apple has been the world s biggest company by market value since 2013, when it reclaimed the spot from Exxon Mobil Corp. XOM, -1.54% The iPhone maker s market capitalization ballooned to almost $800 billion in mid-2015, but its has since drifted lower to face stiff competition from Alphabet for the top spot. With quarterly earnings for both on tap in coming weeks, analysts said the tables could turn if Google beats expectations and Apple misses.

 Investors are looking forward to getting a better insight into exactly how profitable Google s core business is as it splits out the money it is spending on its  moonshots,   Cordwell said.

Meanwhile, the market is also bracing for Apple s guidance on its iPhone shipments in the March quarter after last week s news that it s scaling back orders for its popular smartphones.

 If investors  hopes and fears are realized, you could see Alphabet establishing clear water in its valuation versus Apple, though we would look at that as creating a great buying opportunity in Apple s stock,  Cordwell said. He keeps an overweight rating on Apple with a target price of $140.

Per Lindberg, analyst at ABG Sundal Collier, agreed that the iPhone outlook will be key for the short-term stock performance and said a downbeat guidance could send the shares  significantly  lower.

However, Lindberg   as one the most bearish analysts covering Apple   says we re far away from a buying opportunity. He keeps a sell rating and a $65 target price on the tech giant.

 If you want to buy Apple and own Apple you should only do that if you can buy it below $65,  he said. That means the stock would need to slide 35% from current levels.

Apple drop gone too far?

Alphabet shares have jumped 49% over the past 12 months, compared with a 9.3% slide for Apple. Cordwell from Atlantic Equities explained that optimism over Google s prospects in the smartphone world have given a big lift to its stocks, helping to close the market-cap gap with Apple. Google s operating system Android runs on handsets manufactured by HTC, LG and Samsung and sits on about 80% of the global smartphone market, according to research firm IDC. Apple sits at close to 15% of the market.

However, Google s approach to Apple s $550 billion market cap may come to an end if the earnings season doesn t switch the hierarchy, Cordwell said.

 With Apple having generated nearly five times the free cash flow of Google over the last 12 months, it having a loyal iPhone user base of around 500 million consumers and with some potential tricks still up its sleeve with the iPhone 7, it does seem the narrowing of the valuation gap between the two might have gone too far,  he said.

 Google eclipsing Apple has only occurred a few times over the last decade, each time lasting for only a short period and representing a good time to buy Apple s stock. 

Apple is slated to report fiscal first-quarter results on Jan. 26, while fourth-quarter Google earnings are slated for release on Feb. 1. Deutsche Bank's Top Internet Stock Picks: Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Facebook ... Ross Sandler, head of internet and digital media equity research at Deutsche Bank, was out pounding the table on internet giants Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Wednesday.

Amazon.com, Inc.

Sandler reiterated a Buy rating on shares of Amazon, with a price target of $800, which implies an upside of 36% from current levels.

Sandler observed,  AMZN sentiment feels the most euphoric of the mega cap internets after last year s outperformance. Despite this, at 21x forward EBITDA, we d note shares trade BELOW the 5- year company historic average (23x). We are expecting in-line revenue, modest upside to CSOI, and a 1Q guide-below   in contrast to the across-the-board upside over the previous 3 prints, which may create a lower entry point for shares near-term. We view AMZN as arguably the best long term story in large cap internet and it remains a top pick for us, but we also believe that the company could move from margin expansion mode back to investment mode in 2016. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Ross Sandler has a yearly average return of 6% and a 55.7% success rate. Sandler has a 42% average return when recommending AMZN, and is ranked #349 out of 3609 analysts.

Out of the 30 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 25 rate Amazon stock a Buy, while 5 rate the stock a Hold. With a return potential of nearly 29%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $754.52.

Facebook Inc

Sandler has an optimistic view on shares of Facebook, reiterating a Buy rating and a $125 price target, which represents a potential upside of 30% from where the stock is currently trading. According to TipRanks, Sandler has a 38% average return when recommending FB.

Sandler stated,  Following the rough start to 2016, Facebook s valuation at 18x forward EBITDA is EXACTLY in   line with its historic average since the IPO, compelling given the strong fundamental backdrop. We think FB is in the stage that Google was in 2006-2008, whereby 1) the stock grinded higher generating solid returns, 2) earnings continued to grow, but the forward trading multiple wa s cut in half. Expectations appear low given the concerns around the opex guide and last quarter s ad load comments, hence we would add to positions into the print. FB is a top pick among large cap internets, our pecking order is now GOOG, BABA, FB, AMZN, TWTR among Buy rated large caps. 

Out of the 34 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 33 rate Facebook stock a Buy, while 1 rates the stock a Hold. With a return potential of nearly 26%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $125.33

Alphabet Inc

Finally, Sandler reiterated a Buy rating on shares of Alphabet, with a price target of $900, which represents a potential upside of 25% from where the stock is currently trading. According to TipRanks, Sandler has a 21% average return when recommending GOOGL.

Sandler noted,  Expectations are high into Google s 4Q print, but we think the company will deliver. GOOG trades at 12.7x NTM EBITDA, 25% above its 5-year average, but in absolute terms still below the peer average. We think GOOG is 2/3rds of the way through its re-rating that started in early 2015, shifting into the phase where the financials need to show upside   and we want to add to positions into the print. We forecast in-line revenue, slight upside to EPS & positive readthrough from the core separation. GOOG remains our top large cap name. 

Out of the 33 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 32 rate Google stock a Buy, while 1 rates the stock a Hold. With a return potential of about 19%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $860.83. Google X Has a New Logo and New Plan to Turn Moonshots Into Actual Businesses Welcome to the penultimate piece of our Alphabet series, a reported look at the what s what and who s who of each subsidiary in Google s new holding company. We have just two remaining   Google X and Google Inc.   before Alphabet lifts the curtain on its first financial report since splitting in two. Unfortunately, Google threw off our timing. On Friday, the company announced it was pushing back its earnings, the first to report two statements, for Google and  Other Bets,  until February 1.

Still. Onward! A review of what we ve looked at so far:

Here are the two ways to become an Alphabet company. One: Larry Page likes you and buys your company   or gives you one to run.

And two, should you not win the acquisitive affections of the Alphabet CEO: Go through Google X.

Projects: Self-driving car, Loon, Wing, Robotics, Makani Wind Key execs: Astro Teller,  Captain of Moonshots ; Mike Cassidy, VP, Project Loon; Rich DeVaul, director of rapid evaluation; Obi Felten, head of Foundry

The five-year-old experimental lab marked Google s first significant excursion from software and first investment in futuristic pipe-dream projects, its moonshots. For anxious investors, Google X was also shorthand for the company s freewheeling spending   money sunk into initiatives that are unproven or that flopped, like Google Glass.

After the Alphabet reorg, Google X will not stop backing moonshots, but it is sharpening its focus to quell some of this anxiety. It is framing itself as Alphabet s incubator, taking ambitious projects, taming them into viable businesses, then  graduating  them into standalone operations. It has also created tighter criteria for deciding when these projects should be put to rest, assembling a new group   called the Foundry   designed to steer moonshots through the life-or-death throes.

For starters, there s a shorter name. It s just  X  now, the parental moniker chopped off. And it has this nifty new logo that s meant to capture the X blueprint of incubating a  radical solution  to a  really big problem in the world  that deploys some  breakthrough technology. 

In many ways, X will be Alphabet in miniature   sprouting out startups, only with its particular focus on hardware, something Google proper has not done well. As an incubator and standalone company, X may need to be more judicious and leaner than it once was.  It s going to be much more scaled back,  said one former X employee.

Another person familiar with X said the lab s outsized ambitions and size remain unchanged. However, the company will move forward with several new projects and without key Googlers that built the so-called  moonshot factor. 

After  Glassholes 

X already has some notable graduates from its ranks. There s the Google Brain team, the deep learning experts who moved into Google s sprawling research team in 2012; Project Insight, which built detailed indoor maps, moved to Maps that same year; and Life Sciences spun out as its own Alphabet company this summer, re-dubbing itself Verily.

However, X may be better known in the public for its dropout, Glass. A year ago, Google unceremoniously moved the face-computing device back into Google for a reboot, after a lukewarm reception. In a speech last March, Astro Teller, the X chief, attributed Glass s fall to its marketing as a polished product.  We allowed   and sometimes encouraged   too much attention to the program,  he said.

Since its inception, X had evaluation metrics and a framework for graduating projects, but there was never strong consensus on the criteria, said former X employees.  Somebody would get too attached to the project and not kill it,  one said.

That responsibility now falls on the Foundry. The group, created this fall, is meant to  de-risk  projects born within X, assign them a dedicated manager and get them to market. Or kill them.

In the past, X borrowed business development personnel freely from Google, according to sources. It s not clear if that will continue post-Alphabet. An X spokesperson would not comment on personnel.

More critically, however, in the past sixteen months X has lost a fair number of talented execs, including technical lead Mary Lou Jepsen and key operations experts Megan Smith, Claire Johnson and Chris O Neill.

What s in There

That said, X did score some pickups recently. Last month, the Alphabet company announced it was recruiting Google s robotics divisions and a drone project.

The rather sizable robotics team, created from Google s flurry of acquisitions two years ago, has been homeless for over a year since its one-time boss Andy Rubin departed. It ll be incubated inside X. Project Titan, another acquisition, will join Project Wing, Google s nascent drone delivery program.

Rounding out X is Project Loon, the Internet-blasting balloon initiative, and Makani, an acquired wind-energy company. The self-driving car project, the earliest moonshot uncovered at X, is expected to graduate into its own company this year.

When these projects graduate, though, it s unclear if X gets any windfall from their successes, as other incubators might. If not, X just sucks capital from Google only to release projects once they near fiscal sustainability. An X spokesperson declined to comment on its revenue situation.

Who to Know

During the initial years of X, Google co-founder Sergey Brin was heavily involved in operations, according to multiple sources. But he has stepped back since the Alphabet announcement to work on the holding company, these people said, handing the X reins to Astro Teller, who has managed X since the lab s co-founder Sebastian Thrun departed in 2014.

Don t call Teller CEO, though. The idiosyncratic artificial intelligence PhD prefers  Captain of Moonshots.  (Hence the Foundry title   a cheeky nautical nod to metal casters who prepared ship parts.)

Teller works the speaking circuit, but a key deputy, Rich DeVaul, is less well-known outside Google. He runs the X rapid evaluation team and is credited with germinating several pie-in-the-sky projects. One former X-er called him an  extremely creative idea machine. 

One of those ideas was Project Loon, which, while not posting any revenue yet, has gained some impressive traction with telecom partnerships globally. DeVaul handed it off to Mike Cassidy. Co-founder of four startups that saw an exit, Cassidy is well respected inside Google and the broader tech world. Mo Gawdat, a business development veteran at Google, joined Loon in 2013 and now leads a team (X wouldn t say how large) working across all the X projects.

Obi Felten is an up-and-comer inside X. She is heading up Foundry, where projects move after rapid evaluation and before hiring a manager. Felten spent six years on the European marketing team at Google (after running e-commerce for a jewelry retailer). A former X employee described her as an  all-around athlete  and noted that her position signals X is taking a more strategic approach to transitioning moonshots to market.

It s a critical role, albeit one that still must report up to Teller and his core team, who carry more weight on X initiatives.

Others argued Felten certainly won t call any major shots. The ultimate decision about which projects are iced, and when, will fall to familiar faces: Page and Brin. 
2016-03-11
The Future of Facebook Inc and Alphabet Inc Has Never Looked Brighter Growth investors would be hard pressed to find two more compelling opportunities than Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and its primary competition in the digital advertising space, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB). Both tech giants have unveiled multiple revenue opportunities to drive future growth, including Alphabet's Fiber, Project Fi with its low-cost cellular plan, and smart homes, to name but a few.

Facebook has also spread its revenue wings with the addition of high-priced video spots, taking the monetization wraps off Instagram, and introducing Oculus Rift to the virtual reality (VR) gaming masses. Proactively exploring various ways to enhance revenue streams is rarely a bad thing, and in the case of Alphabet and Facebook, their respective forays also speak to leadership teams with an eye toward the future.

But when its said and done, Alphabet and Facebook are about digital advertising. And in that regard, should recent forecasts come to pass, this could prove to be the first of many years to remember for Alphabet and Facebook shareholders.

Just the facts

As the world's largest digital advertising market, ad spend in the U.S. is a benchmark for the rest of the world, and that's good news for Alphabet and Facebook. Television has long held the banner as the leading media outlet for marketers, and it was again last year.

According to eMarketer, in 2015 TV ad spend totaled $$68.88 billion, nearly identical to 2014's final tally. Digital ads, meanwhile, generated $59.61 billion in sales, up $10 billion from 2014. This year, as per eMarketer, the gap between TV and digital ad dollars in the U.S. is expected to narrow even further. An estimated $70.7 billion will go to TV spots in 2016, and a whopping $68.82 billion on digital spots. In a sign of things to come, nearly two-thirds of all those digital ad dollars will be directed at mobile device users.

This should be a banner year for online spots, and 2017 should prove even more profitable for Alphabet and Facebook. In what will be a significant milestone, next year digital ad spend won't simply inch past TV spots for the first time ever, it's expected to leave "old-school" alternatives including TV, print, and radio in a cloud of dust.

U.S. marketers will spend an estimated $77.37 billion in 2017 to advertise online, compared to $72 billion targeting TV. Mobile will once again lead the digital way with nearly $53 billion targeting folks on the go. By 2020, digital advertising will drive over $105 billion in sales, with mobile's piece of the pie growing to 73%.

What it means

Not long ago Alphabet was under pressure due to its declining Cost-per-Click (CPC) rate and its lack of a mobile strategy. Alphabet's CPC rate continues to decline -- another 13% in Q4 -- but it hasn't had the same, negative impact as it did a few months ago. The reason investors seem inclined to overlook Alphabet's CPC rates are twofold. One, the number of clicks has risen dramatically in the past year, jumping over 30% last quarter year over year.

Second, Alphabet's mobile strategy has taken hold, which in part has helped drive its growing number of clicks. Mobile is also singled out, as is Alphabet's YouTube property, as a primary driver of its impressive revenue growth. As for Facebook, it's almost laughable now but two years ago it was in the same mobile boat as Alphabet.

Facebook pundits expressed concerns it wasn't ready, even as it became clear the world was going mobile. Facebook has since remedied its mobile "problem," to say the least. Last quarter, mobile ads "represented approximately 80%" of Facebook's ad sales, up from 69% to end 2014.

Alphabet generated $21.33 billion in revenue last quarter, $19 billion of which came from advertising. Facebook relies even more on ad sales, $5.64 billion of its $5.84 billion in total revenue last quarter was ad-related. And if the U.S. digital ad market is any indication, the foundation for Alphabet's and Facebook's continued sky-high ad growth is set for years to come. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) To Make Google Fiber 1000 Times Faster Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has plans to make its super fast internet service Google Fiber even faster.

Google Fiber is already at the top of the list of the fastest and most reliable internet services, and the firm is planning to make the service 1,000 times faster still. This means Google Fiber might be the first internet service to feature speeds at Terabits per second, but it seems like a highly ambitious project. Nonetheless, the firm has been known to venture into unchartered territories, and this is just another challenge that the company wants to venture into.

Click Here For More Market Exclusive Updates & Analysis

One has to wonder whether it is even possible to have internet speeds that fast and the kind of processing power that can handle such workloads. Google recently advertised a job vacancy for a photonics engineer who will be involved in research and development towards the project. Google Fiber currently reaches speeds above 1 Gigabit per second which is almost 100 times faster than the basic megabit speeds offered by other companies.

The company has already introduced the service in numerous states and towns. Google also announced that Portland will be the next city to benefit from the Google Fiber expansion thanks to a deal struck with Pacific Power and Portland General Electric. The firm has been contemplating the launch of its fiber service in the city for quite some time, but efforts have been hindered by legal issues. So far, the company has launched in nine cities, and it has 11 more cities in its launch plans.

Google Fiber has become a darling to many because of its fast internet speeds combined with fair pricing. The recent job post does not directly talk about terabit speeds, but it is hinted and implied in Silicon Valley fashion. The fact that the company is planning to do research on terabit speeds also doesn t guarantee that it will become a reality very soon. The project might take years to perfect and even longer to implement if successful.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Alphabet Inc: Google OS Android N Comes Equipped With Handy New Features Published By: Angela Campbell on March 11, 2016 11:29 am EST

There have been a lot of rumors about Google s next Android OS, and even though most of them were not true, it just came to show how desperately people have been waiting for Android N. Fortunately, the new OS is worth the wait, and comes packed with handy new features.

For starters, the developer preview for the OS, which was released by Google yesterday, showed an improved multitasking feature. This means that users can have more than one app opened at a time. Even though the feature has been available for quite some time, it has been improved and enhanced like never before.

On the other hand, users will get the ability to drag and drop apps, and even resize them if need be. Basically, users can have two or more apps opened at a time, and have them sorted out on the screen. The feature works just as well in landscape mode.

As for the notification shade, it has been redesigned and looks a lot different from what was offered in Android Marshmallow. More information for notifications can be accessed by dragging down on it. Furthermore, users can even reply back to messages and emails from the notification area.

Apart from the changes in the notification shade, quick settings have also been added. It seems as though Google may have borrowed this feature from Samsung, but it is a welcomed addition nonetheless. The quick settings too can be dragged down, to gain additional settings. Users can edit said page, adding or removing specific settings based on their own needs and requirements.

All in all, the preview for Android N shows a lot of promise, especially considering the fact that it comes with innovative features like dragging and dropping text between apps via split-screen. But since it is still not the final product, nothing can be said for certain about its success in the long run, or whether or not it will be a success as Android Lollipop, which outdid Android KitKat as the most popular version of Android. Alphabet Satellite Imaging Company Terra Bella To Power Next-Generation Maps Alphabet company Terra Bella will operate a fleet of high-tech Earth observation satellites.

Terra Bella will take advantage of Alphabet's cloud computing and AI capabilities for rapid automatic data analysis.

Next-generation mapping will transform our ability to meet the challenges of the 21st century.

Alphabet Inc-A (NASDAQ:GOOGL) will launch and operate a constellation of Earth observation satellites for next-generation mapping and geospatial applications. Skybox Imaging, a subsidiary providing commercial high-resolution Earth observation satellite imagery, high-definition video, and analytics services, was re-branded as Terra Bella and announced new, ambitious plans.

Founded in 2009, Skybox Imaging was acquired by Google in 2014 for $500 million after having raised a total of U.S. $91 million of private capital. The company launched its first satellite, SkySat-1, in November 2013, followed by SkySat-2 in July 2014.

"Seven years ago, we started Skybox Imaging with the vision of a new era in space technology," say the company's founders Dan Berkenstock, John Fenwick, and Ching-Yu Hu. "As Google revolutionized search for the online world, we have set our eyes on pioneering the search for patterns of change in the physical world. There is an incredible opportunity for geospatial information to transform our ability to meet the economic, societal, and humanitarian challenges of the 21st century."

Terra Bella is still a part of Google and not yet an independent subsidiary of Google's parent company Alphabet. It seems plausible that Terra Bella could become a stand-alone Alphabet company after a period of incubation under Google.

The resolution of its SkySat satellite imagery and videos is less than one meter, high enough to observe objects that impact the global economy like terrain, cars and shipping containers. According to the company, SkySat satellites can also capture video clips lasting up to 90 seconds at 30 frames per second.

"We are building an entirely new class of imaging satellites," notes the brand new Terra Bella website. "We ve developed a high-resolution, small satellite platform capable of rapid response, high-resolution imagery at a fraction of the cost of traditional imaging satellites. We also use a two-dimensional sensor array with a proprietary image filter to capture a higher quality image by taking multiple frames per second and stitching them on the ground. This also gives us the ability to capture the first-ever commercial high-resolution video of Earth from a satellite."

Terra Bella has more than a dozen satellites under development, scheduled to launch over the next few years. "As we continue to grow our constellation, we will be able to construct a living, breathing snapshot of any location in the world within hours, and tackle more problems around the globe," notes the Terra Bella website. In fact, multi-satellite constellations permit re-visiting the same target location every few hours.

Satellite images are extremely useful for military and civilian applications, including commercial applications. However, what is really useful is not raw imagery, but the information that can be derived from the images. As an Alphabet company, Terra Bella is able to take advantage of the huge computing infrastructure of its parent company, including a wide array of geospatial data sources, advanced cloud computing systems, and emerging Artificial Intelligence (AI) technologies, to extract useful information from the raw data in a timely, highly automated way.

Apart from military spy satellites, there are many commercial Earth observation satellites in orbit, able to deliver frequently updated high-resolution satellite images of the planet. One of the market leaders is Digital Globe DigitalGlobe (NYSE:DGI), which operates satellites able to deliver imagery of up to half a meter resolution.

Satellite Earth observation used to be dominated by large aerospace contractors, not particularly innovative or cost-effective, but Terra Bella brings a "lean and mean" Silicon Valley spirit to the satellite business and promises to bring down the costs of satellite development and operation. The Atlantic notes that Terra Bella is a company "of 2010s vintage: funded with venture capital, well-versed in simulating hardware with software, and comfortable with 'the cloud' and all its metaphors of scale."

The Terra Bella website mentions important applications of high-resolution, high-frequency satellite images and videos like anticipating supply chain changes, aiding in emergency and disaster relief, and tracking mining development.

In 2004, Google acquired Keyhole, a software development company specializing in satellite imagery and geospatial data visualization. Keyhole's flagship application, Earth Viewer, became the highly successful Google Earth application in 2005. Other aspects of Keyhole's core technology have been integrated with Google Mobile and Google Maps.

It seems likely that the imagery provided by the SkySat constellation, and especially the rapid automatic analysis that will permit extracting timely information from raw imagery, will power the next generation of Alphabet's mapping products and contribute to the growth of the Alphabet stock. 
2016-06-24
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO, 10% Owner Lawrence Page Sold $23413400 of Stocks CEO, 10% Owner of Alphabet Inc ( GOOG ) Lawrence Page sold 33,332 shares of GOOG on 06/21/2016 at an average price of $702.43 a share. The total sale was $23,413,400.



Alphabet Inc through its subsidiary Google Inc is engaged in improving the ways people connect with information & products including Search, Android, YouTube, Apps, Maps & Ads. It also produces internet-connected home devices & provides internet services. Alphabet Inc has a market cap of $481.87 billion; its shares were traded at around $701.87 with a P/E ratio of 30.05 and P/S ratio of 6.31. Alphabet Inc had an annual average EBITDA growth of 21.50% over the past 10 years. GuruFocus rated Alphabet Inc the business predictability rank of 3.5-star .



Warning! GuruFocus has detected 2 Warning Signs with NTRA. Click here to check it out.

NTRA 15-Year Financial Data

The intrinsic value of NTRA

Peter Lynch Chart of NTRA

Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with NFLX. Click here to check it out.

NFLX 15-Year Financial Data

The intrinsic value of NFLX

Peter Lynch Chart of NFLX

Warning! GuruFocus has detected 5 Warning Signs with HMSY. Click here to check it out.

HMSY 15-Year Financial Data

The intrinsic value of HMSY

Peter Lynch Chart of HMSY

Warning! GuruFocus has detected 4 Warning Signs with GOOG. Click here to check it out.

GOOG 15-Year Financial Data

The intrinsic value of GOOG

Peter Lynch Chart of GOOG



CEO Recent Trades:

CEO, 10% Owner Lawrence Page sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 06/21/2016 at the average price of 702.43. Lawrence Page owns at least 14,000 shares after this. The price of the stock has decreased by 0.08% since.

CEO, 10% Owner Lawrence Page sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 06/20/2016 at the average price of 704.6. Lawrence Page owns at least 20,838,620 shares after this. The price of the stock has decreased by 0.39% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of GOOG stock on 06/15/2016 at the average price of 720.49. Sundar Pichai owns at least 74,708 shares after this. The price of the stock has decreased by 2.58% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of GOOG stock on 06/01/2016 at the average price of 735.84. Sundar Pichai owns at least 74,708 shares after this. The price of the stock has decreased by 4.62% since.

Directors and Officers Recent Trades:

SVP, Corporate Development David C Drummond sold 5,000 shares of GOOG stock on 06/13/2016 at the average price of 723.17. David C Drummond owns at least 2,090 shares after this. The price of the stock has decreased by 2.95% since.

President, 10% Owner Sergey Brin sold 33,340 shares of GOOG stock on 05/27/2016 at the average price of 738.5. The price of the stock has decreased by 4.96% since.

President, 10% Owner Sergey Brin sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 05/26/2016 at the average price of 730.2. The price of the stock has decreased by 3.88% since.

President, 10% Owner Sergey Brin sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 05/25/2016 at the average price of 731.28. Sergey Brin owns at least 20,269,043 shares after this. The price of the stock has decreased by 4.02% since.

For the complete insider trading history of GOOG, click here.About GuruFocus: GuruFocus.com tracks the stocks picks and portfolio holdings of the world's best investors. This value investing site offers stock screeners and valuation tools. And publishes daily articles tracking the latest moves of the world's best investors. GuruFocus also provides promising stock ideas in 3 monthly newsletters sent to Premium Members

This article first appeared on GuruFocus . Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO, 10% Owner Lawrence Page Sold $23448100 of Stocks - By insider



CEO, 10% Owner of Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Lawrence Page sold 33,332 shares of GOOG on 06/22/2016 at an average price of $703.47 a share. The total sale was $23,448,100.



Alphabet Inc through its subsidiary Google Inc is engaged in improving the ways people connect with information & products including Search, Android, YouTube, Apps, Maps & Ads. It also produces internet-connected home devices & provides internet services. Alphabet Inc has a market cap of $463.58 billion; its shares were traded at around $675.22 with a P/E ratio of 28.89 and P/S ratio of 6.08. Alphabet Inc had an annual average EBITDA growth of 21.50% over the past 10 years. GuruFocus rated Alphabet Inc the business predictability rank of 3.5-star.



CEO Recent Trades:

CEO, 10% Owner Lawrence Page sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 06/22/2016 at the average price of 703.47. The price of the stock has decreased by 4.02% since.

CEO, 10% Owner Lawrence Page sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 06/21/2016 at the average price of 702.43. The price of the stock has decreased by 3.87% since.

CEO, 10% Owner Lawrence Page sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 06/20/2016 at the average price of 704.6. The price of the stock has decreased by 4.17% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of GOOG stock on 06/15/2016 at the average price of 720.49. The price of the stock has decreased by 6.28% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of GOOG stock on 06/01/2016 at the average price of 735.84. The price of the stock has decreased by 8.24% since.

Directors and Officers Recent Trades:

SVP, Corporate Development David C Drummond sold 5,000 shares of GOOG stock on 06/13/2016 at the average price of 723.17. The price of the stock has decreased by 6.63% since.

President, 10% Owner Sergey Brin sold 33,340 shares of GOOG stock on 05/27/2016 at the average price of 738.5. The price of the stock has decreased by 8.57% since.

President, 10% Owner Sergey Brin sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 05/26/2016 at the average price of 730.2. The price of the stock has decreased by 7.53% since.





For the complete insider trading history of GOOG, click here.This article first appeared on GuruFocus.





 Alphabet: Google Fiber Will Eat AT&T And Verizon's Lunch Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) acquired gigabit ISP provider Webpass. This allows the search giant to expand its non-search product offerings and footprint. With search facing market maturity, I have often argued that non-search drivers such as YouTube, wireless, payment, broadband and driverless cars will be critical drivers for GOOG's long-term growth outlook.

The Webpass acquisition certainly fills this void because GOOG has proven it can be competitive against the incumbent ISPs such as AT&T (NYSE:T) and Verizon (NYSE:VZ) in markets where Google Fiber is available. A broader roll-out will continue to pressure telco/cableco broadband pricing power and this is certainly a negative even when the cablecos are looking to roll out DOCSIS 3.1 to achieve high ROI.

With broadband becoming a key determinant of ROI within telcos and cablecos due to the cord-cutting and wireless substitution trend, competitive risk from internet companies such as GOOG and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) cannot be underestimated. I remain cautious on the sector in the long term, but I will continue to buy into the sector in the near term due to their dividend yield. My picks would be T and VZ, but long term, I prefer GOOG and FB.

GOOG's acquisition of Webpass is a clear indication that the search giant is committed to the fiber business and turning it into a competitive unit that could rival that of the incumbent ISPs. However, even with this acquisition, Google Fiber remains a small portion of GOOG's overall revenue profile and is unlikely to meaningfully impact its financials.

When we look at the Other Bets, which includes fiber, driverless cars, and other moonshot projects, total revenue was $448m in 2015 with home automation (i.e., Nest) accounting for a majority of the revenue.

With presence in only 5 cities across the US and 19 more to come, Fiber's total footprint remains small and will unlikely to be a material segment until at least 2020. However, what it is clear is that GOOG is committed to this project and this could potentially become meaningful overtime.

A bit of background on Webpass - the company is a San Francisco-based ISP offering broadband services to both residential and businesses. Only 20k customers total across its markets in San Fran, Oakland, San Diego, Miami, Chicago and Boston, all the key markets where GOOG can certainly disrupt the local incumbents. These would be a nice addition to the current Google Fiber markets that include Kansas City, Austin, Atlanta, Nashville, and Provo. Additional markets will include San Antonio, Salt Lake City, Huntsville, Charlotte, and Raleigh.

Wherever Google Fiber makes a presence, the incumbents will always match that of GOOG's gigabit service pricing, which shows how pricing power is nonexistent among the incumbents in the face of the internet companies. This will be a long-term negative to VZ and T, given that broadband is widely perceived as the only place where they can achieve pricing power due to the cord-cutting pressure in TV and wireless substation in landline telephones.

This is also an area where cablecos can generate the highest ROI with the transition towards DOCSIS 3.1 standard. If GOOG achieves a broader footprint, this will seriously dent the incumbent pricing power that will ultimately lead to lower free cash and higher risk to dividend. That said, long-term dividend yield for the telcos appears to be safe but the long-term outlook is a negative. I prefer FB and GOOG in the long run over the telcos.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Alphabet, AT&T and Netflix CEOs come out in support of Hillary Clinton Executives from some of the biggest US tech firms have endorsed Hillary Clinton for President.

Airbnb Chief Executive Brian Chesky, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings, Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg and Alphabet Inc. executive chairman Eric Schmidt are among the business leaders lending their support to Clinton.

Their support was offered via statements published on HillaryClinton.com.

Alphabet Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt

 I have worked with Secretary Clinton for two decades, and she is uniquely qualified to be President. She has the experience, the insight, the policies and the strength to lead our great country. 

AT&T Services Inc. Senior Vice President Jim Cicconi

 I ve supported every Republican Presidential candidate since 1976, and was honored to work for two of them. But this year I think it s vital to put our country s wellbeing ahead of party. Hillary Clinton is experienced, qualified, and will make a fine President. The alternative, I fear, would set our Nation on a very dark path. 

Netflix CEO Reed Hastings

 Trump would destroy much of what is great about America. Hillary Clinton is the strong leader we need, and it s important that Trump lose by a landslide to reject what he stands for.  Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Makes App Development Accessible For Users Published By: Ken Bock on June 24, 2016 02:02 pm EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has launched an online training program, called Android Basics Nanodegree, to train users interested in developing their own applications on Android. The application is designed to teach the required skills to users to develop an application. This move is a result of collaboration between Google and Udacity, which is an online education company. The initiative has been launched in India and costs Rs.9800 per month. Here is The Country Caller s take on how Google plans to make application development program accessible for users.

Google has teamed up with Udacity in order to assist those who have little or no experience in programming. The program is designed to provide entry points to users in Java, Web application program interface, which will allow a beginner programmer to convert his idea into an actual working application. This makes application development accessible to everybody, regardless of his/her background.

The initiative covers every step included in application development, including development of the user interface, implementation of the user interactions, feeding different information from the web, and supporting a wide range of languages in order to localize the application. The courses aim to perfect the application development process and even teach users to find the errors in their coding skills and fix them without external help. The program trains users by providing real-world scenarios, which help them to build different elements of their applications.

Google revealed that there are over 1 billion Android users worldwide, so this initiative was launched to help these users deliver their ideas to the right people at the right time. Once users have completed the programming course, they can move on to the intermediate course. The intermediate developers program gives them a chance to earn scholarship with Google and attain a career as an application developer.

Overall, the initiative is a novel move from Google and Udacity. It will encourage many users to learn the art of coding and developing own applications. It could be responsible for the creation of the next big thing in the application world. Alphabet Inc's YouTube Now Allows Live Streaming via App Published By: Ken Bock on June 24, 2016 08:36 am EST

Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube has announced that users would now be able to live stream video right from the YouTube app, according to YouTube s product lead, Kurt Wilms. Mr. Wilms was speaking on stage at Vidcon when he revealed that the previously limited live streaming options available to only verified channels through Creator Studio would now be available for all users, and they would need only the YouTube app for bradcasting live on the video hosting service.

Reports of Google s own service to compete with Twitter Inc. s (NYSE:TWTR) Periscope and Facebook Inc. s (NASDAQ:FB) Facebook Live were circulating recently, and YouTube Connect was the product name bandied about for the service. When asked about the rumor, Google didn t respond to the speculation, and now it has been revealed at VidCon that the service is indeed built right into the core YouTube app as reported earlier.

All the users would have to do order to broadcast live from YouTube is to tap the live stream button in the bottom right, take a picture that would be used as the stream s thumbnail, and proceed to broadcast as they would with Periscope and Facebook Live. Facebook Live recently opened its live streaming platform to users around the world, so you could literally send out a live broadcast and people could watch the paint dry in your living room. Similarly, another report surfaced that Facebook live had been paying celebrities, publishers, and media companies to promote its Live platform, which is further evidence that live streaming is indeed the platform that would be the hub for all social media activity in the near future. Lions Gate Entertainment says Youtube orders its dance drama series Step Up  
2016-06-09
Alphabet Inc (GOOG, GOOGL) Wants to Beam You Internet! Alphabet Inc ( GOOGL , GOOG ) stock owners are used to seeing the pioneering tech company take a risk here and there. If someone in Silicon Valley is doing something wacky, Alphabet is the odds-on favorite.

Well, someone in Silicon Valley is doing something wacky.

The idea is to beam internet into consumers  homes directly, rather than physically lay cable lines that deliver internet and cable TV to customers  homes.

If this sounds like a far-fetched idea, Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt wants to assure you that it s not.

Google Stock: Not Just Search

Of course, initiatives like these, meant to diversify Alphabet s revenue stream (and, of course, make the world a better place), are part of Alphabet s  other bets  segment, which is still losing tons of money each quarter. In the fourth quarter,  other bets  pulled in $448 million in revenue   but posted operating losses of $3.6 billion.

Still, Google Fiber   Google s efforts to bring super-fast fiber-optic internet and cable to a number of U.S. markets   is one of the most promising  moonshot  projects, and currently exists (or is in the works) in 22 U.S. cities.

This internet-beaming initiative will apparently be a part of the Google Fiber project. If it succeeds, I really think this could transform the industry. If GOOG starts beaming gigabyte-speed internet to its customers wirelessly, competitors Verizon Communications Inc. ( VZ ), Charter Communications Inc ( CHTR ), DISH Network Corp ( DISH ), AT&T Inc. ( T ) and Comcast Corporation ( CMCSA ) will have a tough time.

Google stock owners should know just how important this futuristic internet delivery vehicle is to Alphabet s top brass, because they just told us at Alphabet s annual shareholder meeting yesterday.

Chairman Eric Schmidt answered an analyst question on this matter, and mentioned that it was an important priority for the company, as evidenced by the fact that he, Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat and CEO Larry Page had sat down to discuss beaming internet just a day before.

Will GOOG stock be catalyzed by these new endeavors immediately? No. But Schmidt explains why he thinks it s worth pursuing:

  there appears to be wireless solutions that are point-to-point that are inexpensive now because of the improvements in semiconductors; these point-to-point solutions are cheaper than digging up your garden and so forth  

I think the average cable or internet customer would be thrilled to have wireless gigabyte-speeds in their home, and would happily move over to Google Fiber from their previous provider. That s an opportunity that could be worth tens, maybe even hundreds of billions of dollars annually.

Before you rush into GOOG stock on that fact alone, remember that these are just discussions right now. Google isn t actually doing it yet   only mentioning that it s a strong possibility down the line.

And when it does happen, expect Google stock to be beamed up, too.

As of this writing, John Divine did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace Facebook Inc. and Alphabet Inc. Face Massive Threat from Ad Blocking 

Facebook Inc. and Alphabet Inc. Face Massive Threat from Ad Blocking





The Future

P

 

The most common way of blocking ads on smartphones is through browsers which block ads by default, according to PageFair, which estimates 408 million people used an ad blocking browser in March 2016.  

Source: BUSINESS INSIDER The most common way of blocking ads on smartphones is through browsers which block ads by default, according to PageFair, which estimates 408 million people used an ad blocking browser in March 2016.

 

There needs to be more of a sustainable ad standard that we voluntarily define, and things in that standard should not get blocked.



I think this is essential to us all for survival.  

Source: Google is preparing its big response to the ad blocking There needs to be more of a sustainable ad standard that we voluntarily define, and things in that standard should not get blocked.

Ad blocking software does exactly what it sounds like -- it blocks web ads from appearing on pages, whether they be mobile or desktop. To understand the significance of web advertising, keep in mind that 97% of Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) revenue comes from ads. As for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), we're looking at 80% of revenue. Just those two firms together generate more than $75 billion a year in revenue.So, when the media world starts showing us the data we are about to present to you, it matters, and it poses existential risk to the largest companies in the world. We'' start with the data, and then the implications.The Business Insider just posted an article entitled "There are now more people blocking ads on mobile than on desktop." It noted that Mobile ad blocking is up 90% year-on-year, according to PageFair. PageFair is the source of almost all the data surrounding this phenomenon, so we will use that source moving forward.That 408 million number represents more than 20% of the world's smartphone users and it's growing by leaps and bounds. Here is a chart from PageFair back in 2015:According to PageFair , US ad blocking grew by 48% in 12 months up to June 2015, while UK ad blocking grew by 82% in the same time period. Here's a great worldwide chart, with the darker colored red representing greater ad blocking penetration.This is where it gets a little weird. Right now, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is at the greatest risk because a fair amount of its advertising revenue comes from Google Search on mobile phones through a browser. That part of the business will get crushed. On the other hand, Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) generates nearly all of its revenue from ads inside its app family. That family of apps is owned by Facebook so they can protect their ecosystem. That's the story we have right now.But, that reality is going to shift. As ad blocking apps proliferate, it's just a matter of time before developers create ad blocking software for apps, and then Facebook is in trouble.Anytime we talk about large existential threats, there's a natural inclination for us to be cynical, or at least resistant to the idea in some way. But here's the proof that the largest advertiser the world has ever known, Alphabet Inc., is very afraid.Alphabet has looked into creating a "acceptable ads policy." We can think of this as an attempt to form a sort of consensus, an industry-wide standard for advertising formats. With that standard would come an agreement that any advertisement of that source would be illegal to block. But we don't even have to get that fancy about it. Here's what Alphabet Google's SVP of advertising said: Alphabet, Inc. | $GOOGL Stock | Ready to Run? Share this:

Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL)

As of late, GOOGL has been trading in a relatively tight range over the past 2 months as it has consolidated along the lower support of the wedge it has formed. As the ranges get tighter, more consolidation takes, and it approaches the apex point of the wedge, it could be primed for a strong move higher into the second half of the year.

Analyst Expectations

Analysts at Bank of America Merrill Lynch put out an update earlier in today s session on GOOGL.

Alphabet

Raising estimates on YouTube   Likely crossing $10bn revenue mark in 2016 We estimate $12bn in revs in 16, growing to $20bn by  18 Google does not disclose revenues, but indicated in 2015 that partner revenue was up 50% over last 3 years. Based on Online video ad market growth driven by new content, faster Internet speeds, and increasing mobile usage, we are raising our 16 YouTube gross revenue est. to $12.0bn (vs. $10.4bn in last report), and estimate $20.4bn by 18. We also estimate 57% incremental gross and 18% incremental operating margins in 15. Comps suggest a stand-alone valuation potential at $90bn We remain bullish on Alphabet as YouTube provides exposure to the rapidly growing Online video market. Assuming a 5.7x revenue multiple (in-line with FB, LNKD, TWTR) on 2017, we get to a $90bn valuation. Using social user and usage valuation comps, we could get much higher, but without disclosure these comp multiples are less relevant. Upside case Alphabet math: Backing out our YouTube value, gross Cash and other bets losses (and ignoring SBC), we estimate the 2017 GOOG P/E falls from 18.3x to 11.7x. Comps suggest a stand-alone valuation potential at $90bn .

About Alphabet, Inc.

Alphabet Inc., incorporated on July 23, 2015, is a holding company. The Company holds interests in Google Inc. (Google). The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. Google segment includes Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome, Google Play, and hardware products, including Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus, which are sold by the Company. Its technical infrastructure and Virtual Reality are also included in Google segment. Google segment is engaged in advertising, sales of digital content, applications and cloud services, as well as sale of Google branded hardware. The Other Bets segment consists of various operating segments and includes businesses, such as Access/Google Fiber, Calico, Nest, Verily, GV, Google Capital, X and other initiatives. Other Bets segment is engaged in the sale of Nest hardware products, Internet and television services through Google Fiber, and licensing and research and development (R&D) services through Verily. Google offers products, including Gmail, which is an e-mail service; Chrome, which is a browser, and Google Play, which allows access to movies, books, music and application on various devices. Google offers platforms, including Chrome OS and Android mobile operating system.   Reuters

IMAGE CREDIT Alphabet Inc: The Reason to Be Bullish on Google Stock (and It's Not Search) By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : June 9, 2016

Google Stock: The 800-Pound Gorilla

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is what investors call an  800-pound gorilla.  It s big, it s strong, and you better stay out of its way to avoid getting crushed.

Going bullish on Google stock is like betting that an 800-pound gorilla will win a fight: it s a no-brainer. It doesn t matter whether we re talking about plug-and-play media streaming devices or virtual reality headsets, I automatically give Google the edge in any industry. That s because Google can just keep swinging until it s the last competitor standing.

That kind of market power is amazing 

We all know that Google (now called Alphabet) is a great center of innovation. After all, the company has been a leader of technological progress for more than a decade. That is what has kept GOOG stock rising by more than 200% over the last five years.

No one thinks of Alphabet as just a search company. Think of  Android,  which powers a majority of the smartphones on the planet, or  YouTube,  the biggest online video outlet in the world. The firm is continuously moving into and dominating new business sectors.

In fact, here are three factors that could keep its share price surging:

1. Growing Profits

Unlike some of the newer giants in Silicon Valley, Alphabet has no problem cranking out profit for shareholders. The company that started as a search engine still draws most of its revenue from online advertising. Whether it s on one of Google s web sites or a partner web site, the company still collects a big slice of money spent in digital advertising. It is the toll collector of the Internet. If advertisers want to get eyeballs onto their ads, they have to pay Google a toll fee. Last quarter, those tolls added up to $32.35 billion in revenue. (Source:  Alphabet Announces First Quarter 2016 Results,  Alphabet Inc, April 21, 2016.)

2. Cloud Computing Services

Those paying attention to Amazon may have noticed that the company turned profitable last year. It only happened because the firm s cloud computing business is such a cash cow. Now, Google is following Amazon down that road.

The search company has the scale and resources to pose the first real threat to Amazon s dominance in cloud computing, which is bad news for AMZN shareholders. However, it could mean that GOOG stock gets an additional stream of profits it never even anticipated.

There are signs of this transition already. Spotify, the Netflix-for-music streaming app, recently signed a massive deal to process its user data via Google s cloud computing services. This business line could end up being a major tailwind for GOOG stock over the next few years. (Source:  Spotify Moves Itself Onto Google s Cloud Lucky for Google,  Wired, February 23, 2016.)

3. Driverless Cars

A lot of analysts, myself included, are bullish on driverless technology. I really think the transformative power of this technology can t be overestimated, especially considering that major automakers are fully on board with it. Unlike the electric car, there s no one trying to stop this from happening. We can say, with reasonable certainty, that self-driving cars are going to reshape the transportation industry in ways we never imagined before.

Google is incredibly well positioned to profit from these shifts. The company pioneered driverless technology, but instead of building its own car, Google is licensing out its technology to major automakers like Fiat. It s basically getting in on the rise of driverless cars without the burdensome costs of manufacturing. Personally, I think that s a really smart move on Google s part.

Think about all the shipping containers that criss-cross the world. After arriving in their port of destination, most of those containers are loaded up to trucks that deliver them to towns and cities across America. The trucking industry is huge.

But what happens when driverless technology invades their business? Aside from the trucks themselves, drivers are the biggest costs in trucking. What happens when they re no longer needed because trucks start driving themselves?

Any smart business would go for the cheaper option it s what makes sense. But from the standpoint of companies like Google, this presents an interesting opportunity. Once again, Google wouldn t need to spend much cash on manufacturing to take advantage of this area. All the company has to do is license out the technology and watch the profits roll in.

For all these reasons and more, I remain incredibly bullish on Google stock. Alphabet Inc Co-Founder Larry Page Secretly Investing In Flying-Car Projects Published By: Angela Campbell on June 9, 2016 02:53 pm EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has long been reported to work on building a self-driving car but co-founder Larry Page is looking past the future and reportedly has invested millions in two projects that are dedicated to building workable flying cars. Larry Page has reportedly already invested more than a jaw dropping $100 million in Zee.Aero since it started in 2010 and has recently been investing in startup, Kitty Hawk. This is The Country Caller s take on the passion of the tech giant s co-founder to make flying cars a reality.

Bloomberg has reported that the investment is more than just the co-founder being optimistic about a business; rather, it s more of a passion for Larry Page, who really believes in these projects. He is even willing to invest significant funds to ensure the company s objectives, which are similar to his own, are fulfilled. Mr. Page holds great ambitions in these projects and has even retained a personal office in one of these startup s headquarters, where he is referred to as GUS, also known as  the guy upstairs. 

Kitty Hawk and Zee.Aero are projects that are determined to design and build fully functional flying cars. Zee.Aero has already conducted several test flights for its prototype flying cars at an airport strip that is in close proximity to Google s Mountain View headquarters. Zee.Aero has made significant efforts to boost its chances of pulling off a flying car by hiring engineers and designers from renowned organizations, such as Space X, Boeing, and even NASA. It has designed and tested two single passenger flying cars as well.

Similarly, Kitty Hawk has also reportedly built its very own prototype of flying car, which is designed similarly to a larger version of a quad copter drone. Kitty Hawk is a recent project that has recruited engineers and designers from award winning  AeroVelo. 

The dream of seeing a flying car is the dream of not only Larry Page but majority of the tech world, which is why the projects have accumulated significant investments. The huge sums of funds invested by Larry Page in these projects show evidence that they might be on the verge of fulfilling that dream, or it could just be another billionaire waiting to receive a new shiny toy to play with. Either way, these projects have gotten us all excited for the future. 
2016-03-29
Will Alphabet Inc. Threaten Amazon.com Inc's Cloud Dominance? Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google owns the world's largest search engine, mobile operating system, and mobile web browser. But one market where it remains an underdog is cloud infrastructure, which is dominated by Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) AWS.

According to Synergy Research Group, AWS controls 31% of the cloud infrastructure market, followed by Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Azure at 9%, IBM's Bluemix at 7%, and Google's Cloud Platform at just 4%. Google tried to catch up by cutting prices on its cloud storage, on-demand computing, and analytics services in early 2014. Amazon and Microsoft matched those prices, but smaller second-tier players got flushed out of the market.

Nonetheless, Google hasn't given up on challenging Amazon, and recently lured both streaming music leader Spotify and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) away from AWS. While neither company will abandon AWS, the split indicates that Google is likely offering more compelling prices and features than Amazon. Netflix, Amazon's biggest cloud customer, also recently spoke at Google's cloud conference, fueling speculation that it might be open to using alternative providers. These moves all indicate that Google is gearing up for a protracted cloud infrastructure battle against Amazon. But can Google catch up after lagging behind the market leaders for such a long time?

How Google got left behind

Google's dismal cloud growth can mainly be attributed to its weak enterprise presence. Amazon secured a first mover's advantage among businesses by hosting companies' websites on its massive servers. By adding new online services to those sites, AWS became the "best in breed" solution for hosting and processing large amounts of online data. Microsoft's Azure arrived in 2010, four years after Amazon launched AWS, but it leveraged its leading position in desktop operating systems and productivity software to quickly tether enterprise customers to Azure.

Google, being neither a first mover nor an enterprise leader, tried to squeeze into the market by challenging Microsoft's SaaS (software as a service) platforms Office 365 and Dynamics CRM with Google Apps for Work. The idea was that if more businesses adopted Google Apps, it would be more likely that they would tether themselves to its IaaS/PaaS (infrastructure/platform as a service) solution, Google Compute Engine.

Unfortunately, Google Apps for Work still have less than half the market share of Office 365 among the large enterprises, which mainly use AWS and Azure. AWS and Azure also have more momentum, since many companies prefer to use the proven cloud platforms that their industry peers are using.

How Google is trying to catch up

Google is trying to catch up to Amazon and Microsoft with two main strategies -- better features and lower prices. Spotify chose to move its infrastructure from a primarily on-premise solution to Google Cloud instead of AWS because Google offered more tools to process large amounts of data. It's unclear if other companies share that opinion, but Amazon notably beefed up its cloud offerings with 722 new features and services last year.

Apple didn't make similar claims, but the way it splits its iCloud between Amazon, Microsoft, and Google resembles the way it splits its hardware production among multiple suppliers. That strategy prevents it from becoming too dependent on a single provider, and gives it more clout during price negotiations. It also indicates that Google, Amazon, and Microsoft will need to keep slashing prices to stay competitive. Amazon already reduced the price of its cloud services 51 times over the past decade.

Google is gaining high-profile customers, but the company has been cagey about how much revenue the deals will actually generate. According to sources cited by CRN, the Apple deal might generate between $400 million to $600 million in annual sales for Google. However, that's a pretty insignificant amount since Google already pays Apple about $1 billion per year to keep its search bar on iPhones. Many analysts also speculated that Google gave Spotify and Apple "sweetheart deals" in which the incoming revenue will be more than offset by the platform's operating expenses.

Should Amazon investors be concerned?

Google's willingness to take losses to gain market share against AWS and Azure is troubling, but Amazon and Microsoft investors shouldn't panic. Google's cloud partnership with Spotify might be about processing big data efficiently, but I suspect it has more to do with narrowing Spotify's losses. Google's partnership with Apple also isn't built to last, since Apple plans to fully migrate to its own data centers within the next few years.

However, Amazon investors should see if this ongoing pricing war weighs down AWS' operating profits, which are expected to be a core profit driver and offset the thin margins of its marketplace business. If that happens, Wall Street's expectations for Amazon to achieve 41% annual earnings growth over the next five years should be carefully reexamined. Alphabet Inc. Commences Exchange Offers for Google Notes _____________ (1) Consideration per $1,000 principal amount of Google Notes validly tendered and accepted for exchange, subject to any rounding as described in the Prospectus (as defined herein). (2) The term "Alphabet Notes" in this press release refers, in each case, to the series of Alphabet Notes corresponding to the series of Google Notes of like tenor and coupon. (3) Includes the Early Participation Premium payable for Google Notes validly tendered prior to the Early Consent Date described below and not validly withdrawn.

In connection with the exchange offers, Google is also soliciting consents from holders of the Google Notes to amend (the "Proposed Amendments") the indenture governing the Google Notes (the "Google Indenture") and the Google Notes to eliminate substantially all of the restrictive covenants in the Google Indenture, including the merger covenant and the reporting covenant, and make certain conforming changes to the Google Indenture to reflect the Proposed Amendments. If the Proposed Amendments are adopted, the Google Notes will be governed by the Google Indenture, as amended by the Proposed Amendments, which will have less restrictive terms and afford reduced protections to the holders of those securities compared to those terms and protections currently in the Google Indenture or applicable to the Alphabet Notes. In order for the Proposed Amendments to the Google Indenture to be adopted with respect to a series of Google Notes, holders of a majority in aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Google Notes of such series must consent to them, and those consents must be received and not withdrawn prior to the Expiration Date for the exchange offer relating to such series.

The exchange offers and consent solicitations for each series of the Google Notes (together, the "Exchange Offers") will expire at 11:59 p.m., New York City time, on April 25, 2016, unless extended (the "Expiration Date").

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Exchange Offers set forth in the Prospectus and Letter of Transmittal (as defined below), in exchange for each $1,000 principal amount of Google Notes that is validly tendered prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on April 11, 2016, unless extended (the "Early Consent Date") and not validly withdrawn, holders will be eligible to receive the total exchange consideration set out in the table above (the "Total Consideration"), which consists of $1,000 principal amount of Alphabet Notes of the applicable series and a cash amount of $2.50. The Total Consideration includes the early participation premium set out in the table above (the "Early Participation Premium"), which consists of $30 principal amount of Alphabet Notes of the applicable series. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Exchange Offers set forth in the Prospectus and Letter of Transmittal, in exchange for each $1,000 principal amount of Google Notes that is validly tendered after the Early Consent Date but prior to the Expiration Date, and not validly withdrawn, holders will be eligible to receive only the exchange consideration set out in the table above (the "Exchange Consideration"), which is equal to the Total Consideration less the Early Participation Premium and so consists of $970 principal amount of Alphabet Notes of the applicable series and a cash amount of $2.50.

Each Alphabet Note will accrue interest at the same annual interest rate, have the same interest payment dates, same redemption terms and same maturity date as the Google Note for which it is exchanged. The Alphabet Notes will be unsecured general obligations of Alphabet and will rank equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of Alphabet from time to time outstanding. The Alphabet Notes offered will also be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of any of our subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that we may in the future acquire or establish.

The Dealer Managers for the exchange offers and the consent solicitations are:

Lead Dealer Manager

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC 1585 Broadway, 4th Floor New York, New York 10036 Attention: Liability Management Group (800) 624-1808 (toll-free) (212) 761-1057 (collect)

Co-Dealer Managers

Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith

Incorporated

214 North Tryon Street, 21st Floor Charlotte, North Carolina 28255 Attention: Liability

Management Group (980) 387-3907 (collect) (888) 292-0070 (toll-free) Citigroup Global Markets Inc. 390 Greenwich Street, 1st Floor New York, New York 10013 Attention: Liability

Management Group

(212) 723-6106 (collect) (800) 558-3745 (toll-free) J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 383 Madison Avenue New York, New York 10179 Attention: Liability

Management Group

(212) 834-3424 (collect) (866) 834-4666 (toll-free) Wells Fargo Securities, LLC 550 South Tryon Street, 5th Floor Charlotte, North Carolina 28202 Attention: Liability Management Group (704) 410-4760 (collect) (866) 309-6316 (toll-free)

The Exchange Agent for the Exchange Offers and the Consent Solicitations is:

D.F. King & Co., Inc.







By Facsimile (Eligible Institutions Only): (212) 709-3328 Attention: Krystal Scrudato For Information or Confirmation by Telephone: (212) 493-6940

By Mail or Hand: 48 Wall Street, 22nd Floor New York, New York 10005 Attention: Krystal Scrudato

The Information Agent for the Exchange Offers and the Consent Solicitations is:

D.F. King & Co., Inc. 48 Wall Street, 22nd Floor New York, New York 10005 Banks and Brokers Call Collect: (212) 269-5550 All Others, Please Call Toll Free: (877) 732-3617 Email: goog@dfking.com

The Exchange Offers are being made upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Alphabet's preliminary prospectus, dated as of March 29, 2016 (the "Prospectus"), which forms a part of the Registration Statement, and the related Letter of Transmittal and Consent (the "Letter of Transmittal"). Tendered Google Notes may be validly withdrawn, and related consents may be revoked, at any time prior to the Expiration Date and Alphabet may withdraw, amend, or, if a condition to the exchange offer is not satisfied or, where permitted, waived, terminate the Exchange Offers and consent solicitations, subject to applicable law. Requests for documents may be directed to D.F. King & Co., Inc., 48 Wall Street, 22nd Floor, New York, New York 10005, or by telephone for banks and brokers collect at (212) 269-5550, all others toll-free at (877) 732-3617.

The consummation of the Exchange Offers is subject to, and conditional upon, the satisfaction or, where permitted, waiver of the conditions discussed in the Prospectus, including, among other things, the receipt of valid consents to the Proposed Amendments from the holders of a majority of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of each series of Google Notes and the Registration Statement having been declared effective by the SEC.

This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any of the securities described herein and is also not a solicitation of the related consents. The Exchange Offers may be made only pursuant to the terms of the Prospectus, the Letter of Transmittal and the other related materials. A Registration Statement relating to the Alphabet Notes has been filed with the SEC but has not yet become effective. The Alphabet Notes may not be sold, nor may offers to buy be accepted, prior to the time the Registration Statement is declared effective by the SEC.

About Alphabet Inc.

Larry Page and Sergey Brin founded Google in September 1998. Since then, the company has grown to more than 60,000 employees worldwide, with a wide range of popular products and platforms like Search, Maps, Ads, Gmail, Android, Chrome, and YouTube. In October 2015, Alphabet became the parent holding company of Google.

Contact

Investor Relations

investor-relations@abc.xyz

To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/alphabet-inc-commences-exchange-offers-for-google-notes-300242925.html

SOURCE Alphabet Inc. Signs Of Tension Within The Alphabet Empire The reports could be a sign of growing pains for the Alphabet structure, following CEO Larry Page's promise to give unit leaders significant autonomy.

At least two of the reports state a unit has seen a large outflow of talent in response to its management s leadership style.

While core Google continues performing well, multiple reports point to internal squabbles and employee frustration in other parts of the Alphabet empire, such as Boston Dynamics, Nest, and Verily.

It's the best of time for Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google, which delivered a 2015 op. profit of $23.4B on revenue of $74.5B (+13% Y/Y). And if recent reports are accurate, it might be the worst of time for some parts of Alphabet's "Other Bets" reporting segment, which posted a 2015 op. loss of $3.6B on revenue of just $448M (+37% Y/Y).

Source: Alphabet's Q4 earnings report

Boston Robotics, Nest, and Verily

Bloomberg reported two weeks ago, Google plans to sell its Boston Dynamics robot unit, which until recently was part of its broader Replicant robot initiative, after Boston execs proved reluctant to work with Google robot engineers in California and Tokyo, and Alphabet execs concluded Boston "isn't likely to produce a marketable product in the next few years."

Moreover, Bloomberg noted Replicant has been folded into the Google X long-term R&D unit, and that the initiative has been "plagued by leadership changes, failures to collaborate between companies and an unsuccessful effort to recruit a new leader" since former chief Andy Rubin left in Oct. 2014.

Meanwhile, smart thermostat/smoke alarm maker Nest, which Google spent $3.2B to acquire in 2014, has seen major employee defections at its Dropcam home camera/cloud video recording unit, which was acquired for $555M a few months after the Google deal closed. Much of the tension appears to revolve around the micromanaging, hard-charging, leadership style of Nest CEO Tony Fadell, who possibly picked up his way of doing things while working for Steve Jobs at Apple.

Fadell was critical of Dropcam workers to The Information, stating a lot of them "were not as good as we hoped" and that Dropcam overall didn't have "a very experienced team." That didn't sit well with Dropcam founder Greg Duffy, who sounded off in a Medium post:

"I would almost find such blatant scapegoating amusing if it weren't so insulting to the team  if you knew what percentage of all of Alphabet's 'other bets' revenue was brought in by the relatively tiny 100-person Dropcam team that Fadell derides, Nest itself would not look good in comparison  The ~50 Dropcam employees who resigned did so because they felt their ability to build great products being totally crushed  According to LinkedIn, total attrition to date at Nest amounts to nearly 500 people, which suggests that we were not alone in our frustrations."

And just yesterday, medical research site STAT reported of large-scale turnover at Alphabet's Verily life sciences unit, while noting many former employees blame Verily CEO Andy Conrad for the exodus.

Those former employees claim Conrad "exaggerates what Verily can deliver, launches big projects on a whim, and rashly diverts resources from prior commitments to the next hot idea that might bring in revenue." STAT notes several Verily leaders have returned to the Google "mothership," and that Alphabet's Calico anti-aging unit hasn't seen similar brain drain.

Source: CIO.com

Will Larry Page need to step in?

Citing both the reports and its own sources, Re/code states a lot of the Alphabet tensions have to do with "leadership squabbles, namely with the exec at the top." Some of this might amount to growing pains for the Alphabet structure itself, given CEO Larry Page's promise to give division chiefs plenty of autonomy.

From Page's original letter announcing the Alphabet structure: "Alphabet is about businesses prospering through strong leaders and independence. In general, our model is to have a strong CEO who runs each business, with Sergey and me in service to them as needed. We will rigorously handle capital allocation and work to make sure each business is executing well."

Page and fellow co-founder Sergey Brin put their imprint on core Google's culture, and in Sundar Pichai chose a CEO for the business whom they can trust to keep that culture intact. But units such as Nest and Verily feature leaders who have (judging from reports) very different management styles - styles that seem to yield discontent with those more at home with core Google's way of doing things.

That, in turn, could compel Page, who topped Glassdoor's CEO approval ratings last year with 97% employee approval, to take more of a hands-on approach in "Other Bets" units where talent loss stemming from employee discontent has become a serious issue.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Might Terminate Its Physical Google Wallet Card Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is making plans to advance its mobile payment services, and it looks as if Google Wallet s physical card might be terminated.

Google Wallet was launched in 2013 as the company s main offering for mobile payments. The efforts of the company led to the launch of a physical Google Wallet card to supplement the service. The card was linked to the Google Wallet accounts of users and card holders were allowed to withdraw their funds at MasterCard outlets or in banks. Unfortunately, the card might soon be terminated.

Text embedded in the code for the latest update of Google Wallet claims that the physical card will no longer be supported. Users can continue using their cards up to June 30. However, they will not be able to top up their card balance as of May 1. The company stated that users will still get to use Google Wallet for payments and receipts, and Google is working on making improvements to those services.

The text also revealed the company s plans to launch a new Wallet Card that will be available through the Google Wallet app. The card will have similar features to the physical card including ATM and MasterCard withdrawals in the US. The Google Wallet app will also feature a Wallet Card and balance section where users can check their card balance or perform other features such as canceling the card or locking it.

One of the main reasons why Google is terminating the physical card is because it did not manage to attract many users and it never really gained much fame. The new app is expected to launch after June 30. So far Google has not made any official announcements on the matter, but sources suggest that the text in the code reveals the fate of the physical Google Wallet Card. The company has also been placing a lot of focus on Android Pay, which gives users the option of making mobile payments for goods.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google's Pichai Was Paid $100.5 Million in 1st Year at Helm Google Inc. Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai received a $100.5 million pay package in 2015, according to a filing from parent company Alphabet Inc. Tuesday.

Pichai received $99.8 million in restricted stock that will vest in full by 2017. He also received a $652,500 salary. The stock award hasn t previously been disclosed in filings.

The former deputy of co-founder Larry Page was named to run the search engine unit following the reorganization into a holding company last year. Following that promotion, Alphabet in February awarded him restricted shares valued at $199 million, the largest grant ever given to a Google executive officer whose pay has to be reported in filings.

The two grants have brought Pichai s holding of unvested restricted shares to $635 million as of Monday s close in New York, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. He also holds unvested stock options valued at $11.6 million.

Alphabet typically grants equity awards to executives once every two years, a strategy it has said  encourages executives to take a long-term view of the business. 

Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt received $8.04 million for 2015, including a $1.25 million salary and $6 million cash bonus. Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat was awarded $31 million, including $25.1 million in restricted stock.

Alphabet rose 0.1 percent to $734.42 a share as of 11 a.m. in New York, paring its decline for the year to 3.2 percent.

An Alphabet spokesman declined to comment. 
2016-01-18
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Revamps Robotics Unit as Hedge Funds Grab Shares Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) has reorganized its business in order to improve accountability and to get its business units to start justifying costs. Alphabet has stopped its habit of giving subsidiaries handouts because it now expects them to act as real companies. In fact, the firm will start breaking down financials of its units when it reports earnings next month.

One of the recent moves by Alphabet to get its business units to act responsibly is a revamping of its robotics division. The New York Times reports that Alphabet has reframed the robotics unit as its takes it from being a standalone unit into being a part of X research division at Alphabet. The robotics unit has been having problems for more than a year after its head, Andy Rubin left abruptly in 2014 to start a tech incubator.

Robotics is key to Alphabet s future

Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) has been increasingly involving itself in a number of ventures outside its core ads business. In fact, the firm has at least a company for each of the letters of the Alphabet. For instance, A is for Alphabet, Android, Adsense, Analytics/ Ara/ AdMob/ and Alerts. B is for Blogger, Boston Dynamics and Books. C is for Calico, Cardboard, and Capital.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

However, the robotics unit seems to be Alphabet s passport for catching the flight on the next wave of tech revolution as Artificial Intelligence is poised to take over a number of industries. AI is already making a difference in the auto sector as self-driving cars become the current fixation for automakers.

AI is also changing the face of medicine & surgery because robots seem to have steadier hands than human doctors. AI has already changed the face of manufacturing with robotics, but factories have only begun to scratch the surface of what is possible with nifty robotic arms. Putting the Robotics division under X Labs should help the unit awaken from its lethargy and rise up to its true potential as the next big thing in the tech space.

Alphabet gets love from Norway, Webster Bank, and others

The latent value in Alphabet s stock is not lost on Wall Street as the stock is slowly creeping up from behind to take up the top spot from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) as the biggest firm by market cap in the S&P 500. Investors outside the U.S. are also keeping close tabs on Alphabet. Bloomberg reports that DNB Nordic Technology, Norway s top performing tech fund is strongly bullish on the firm.

Alphabet is one of the biggest holdings in the fund and the fund believes that Alphabet  is one of the companies that is best positioned within many of the important trends . The fund believes that it got into Alphabet when it was trading at a discount but one of the managers do not think this a great time to buy the stock. He says,  it s not that cheap but valuation is still pretty okay compared to many of the other players in the Internet sector. 

In other news, Webster Bank has increased its position in Alphabet Inc by 1.5% as at the end of the fourth quarter. Webster Bank s Alphabet stock is worth $6.25M at the end of Q4 making the stock the 18th largest position in its portfolio. Jennison Associates is also bullish on Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) as it increased its position by 36.6% in the third quarter. Churchill Management increased its stake in the firm by a massive 627.6% to bring its total Alphabet holdings to $49.12M. 
2016-12-15
Alphabet's DeepMind Hiring US Team to Work on Google Products First hires outside of U.K. to explore practical uses of AI

DeepMind, the London-based division of Alphabet Inc. that s responsible for numerous recent breakthroughs in artificial intelligence, is hiring its first researcher in the U.S. to boost collaboration across the Atlantic.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The  applied research scientist position  described in a job posting on DeepMind s website Thursday will be located at Google s headquarters in Mountain View, California. It would be the first of  a couple dozen  the company hires, a spokesman said, as DeepMind builds "a small team" in the U.S. "to bridge the gap between Google and our team in London, helping us collaborate even more closely to bring our research breakthroughs to Google users around the world."

DeepMind has not previously had any researchers based outside of London.

 The Applied team in Mountain View will be made up of a mixture of software engineers and research scientists who work together to solve real-world problems at Google-scale,  according to the job listing.

The new hires will have their own offices at Google s headquarters. Google s other artificial intelligence research division, Google Brain, which uses machine learning to improve several Google products, also has offices on that campus. Both vie for the highly competitive field of artificial intelligence experts.

DeepMind is divided into two divisions, one of which does pure computer science research and another, called its applied division, which tries to build real-world products and services based on artificial intelligence. About three-quarters of DeepMind s staff of 350 work for the research division, while the rest work for the applied unit.

The applied division has partnered with the U.K. s National Health Service on two pilot projects, including one that uses AI to read eye scans. But its primary customer has been Google itself.

The division used machine learning to figure out how to improve the efficiency of Google s data centers around the world, resulting in a 40 percent reduction in the amount of energy needed to cool the facilities and a 15 percent improvement in overall power usage efficiency, which measures the power consumed by the data centers  computers compared with the total energy the facility uses.

DeepMind co-founder Mustafa Suleyman, who heads the company s applied division, has talked about using similar techniques to try to bring efficiency gains to national electricity grids.

The company has said its AI technology has also been incorporated into unspecified improvements in how Google displays advertising and in the shopping experience in the Google Play store, which sells apps for Google s Android operating system.

In the future, Google may seek to incorporate DeepMind s recent breakthrough in computer-generated speech, using a technique in which the AI system correctly predicts how to form the next part of a sound wave, to Google products such as its personal digital assistant.

The newly advertised job s responsibilities include making reinforcement learning --- which uses rewards, such as points in a game, to teach an AI program how to perform a task -- more relevant to solving real-world problems.

DeepMind is perhaps best known for AlphaGo, an AI agent that earlier this year beat one of the world s reigning champions in the ancient strategy game Go. The victory was considered a major milestone in computer science because Go has too many possible move combinations for a computer to use raw computational power to win. Instead, it must rely on something more akin to human intuition to develop winning strategies. Trump tries to assure anxious tech leaders his administration is 'here to help' President-elect Donald Trump, who faced fierce opposition from some Silicon Valley leaders during the election campaign, strove to assure the titans of tech on Wednesday that his administration is "here to help you folks do well."

Trump, still savoring his election victory, convened a summit at Trump Tower for nearly a dozen tech leaders, whose industry largely supported Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Many in the industry are worried that Trump will stifle innovation, curb the hiring of computer-savvy immigrants and infringe on consumers' digital privacy.

He immediately tried to allay those fears.

"We want you to keep going with the incredible innovation. Anything we can do to help this go on, we will be there for you," Trump said. "You'll call my people, you'll call me. We have no formal chain of command around here."

The CEOs who filled the table in Trump's 25th floor conference room included Apple's Tim Cook, Alphabet's Larry Page, Google's Eric Schmidt, Microsoft's Satya Nadella, Amazon's Jeff Bezos, Tesla's Elon Musk, IBM's Ginni Rometty, Oracle's Safra Catz and Cisco Systems' Chuck Robbins. Facebook's chief operating officer, Sheryl Sandberg, attended instead of its CEO, Mark Zuckerberg, who is one of many tech executives who have expressed misgivings about Trump's pledge to deport millions of immigrants who are in the country illegally.

The meeting remained amiable and the group, which agreed to meet quarterly, also had preliminary discussions about immigration and how to stay competitive with China, though no firm commitments were made, according to a person briefed on the meeting but not authorized to discuss it publicly.

Trump was joined by several members of his senior staff and his three eldest children, who are expected to help run his business once he takes office, again blurring the line between the president-elect's personal and professional lives.

Reporters were allowed to witness only the first moments of the meeting and most of the attendees departed without comment. But Bezos, who is also owner of The Washington Post, which has been a frequent target of Trump complaints about campaign coverage, said he found the meeting to be "very productive" and said he "shared the view that the administration should make innovation one of its key pillars."

No industry was more open in its contempt for Trump during the campaign. In an open letter published in July, more than 140 technology executives, entrepreneurs and venture capitalists skewered him as a "disaster for innovation."

And Trump's denigration of Mexicans, his pledge to deport millions of immigrants now living in the U.S. illegally and his crude remarks about women were widely viewed as racist, authoritarian and sexist by an industry that prides itself on its tolerance.

Trump, in turn, sometimes lashed out at the industry and its leaders, and   despite his reassurances Wednesday   questions remain about how he'll govern.

He has lambasted Bezos for the Post's campaign coverage and has suggested that Amazon could face antitrust scrutiny after his election. Trump also rebuked Cook for fighting a government order requiring Apple to unlock an encrypted iPhone used by a shooter in last year's terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California.

And Trump's repeated negative comments about immigrants raised fears that he might dismantle programs that have enabled tech companies to hire tens of thousands of foreign workers with the skills to write computer programs, design web pages and build mobile apps.

The industry is also worried that Trump might try to undermine "net neutrality," a regulation requiring internet service providers to offer equal access to all online services. Trump's harsh characterization of the media as dishonest and unfair has raised other fears that he might try to restrict free speech online.

Some in Silicon Valley think the industry's best move would be to keep its distance until Trump changes his tone. Former Google executive Chris Sacca, now a tech investor, argues that industry leaders should have steered clear of the meeting altogether.

Sitting down with the president-elect "would only make sense after Trump has given public assurances he won't encourage censorship, will stop exploiting fake news, will promote net neutrality, denounce hate crimes and embrace science," Sacca said. "If and until then, tech figures who visit are being used to whitewash an authoritarian bully who threatens not just our industry but our entire democracy."

One major tech company not invited, despite Trump's frequent use of its product, was Twitter. Sean Spicer, communications director for the Republican National Committee, disputed that they were singled out   Twitter has said it declined to make branded emojis on the campaign's behalf   and explained its absence by simply saying "the conference table was only so big, OK?"

Separately on Wednesday, Michigan's Republican Chairwoman Ronna Romney McDaniel was officially named Trump's choice to become the new RNC chair next year. The niece of 2012 GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney would be the first woman to hold the committee's top position in 40 years, and her promotion comes after Trump became the first Republican to carry Michigan in 28 years.

Trump also officially announced his selection of former Texas Gov. Rick Perry as his secretary of energy, leading a department Perry once suggested scrapping.

While Trump remained in his Manhattan skyscraper Wednesday, he was hitting the road Thursday for the latest stop in his "thank you" tour, this time in Hershey, Pennsylvania. The tour, which is designed to salute supporters in states that helped him win the White House, will continue Friday in Orlando, Florida, before wrapping Saturday at a Mobile, Alabama, football stadium which was the site of the biggest rally of his campaign.

Associated Press 
2016-02-11
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Google Self-driving AI Will be Equal to Human Driver Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is in a fast-paced race to bring self-driving cars to the road. It seems that Google has the official go-ahead to build the artificial system that will drive its cars after the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration agreed to recognize the AI system that controls self-driving cars as the driver under federal law. Alphabet, Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) are some of the major tech firms with serious interests in autonomous driving technology.

Traditional automakers such as Ford, BMW, and Mercedes Benz are also working hard to equip their cars with self-driving features of some sort. Tesla Motors and Google s self-driving cars are in the fast lane though, because both firms are ahead of other rivals with their autonomous-driving technology. Google has a fleet of Lexus SUVs and prototype cars outfitted with self-driving technology. Tesla has also provided Model S and Model X drivers with an autopilot update that allows its EVs to drive itself on the highways.

Alphabet s self-driving car gets  Human  designation

The problems facing autonomous driving technology go beyond creating code that can control a car as well as human drivers. Both Google and Tesla have clearly demonstrated that their self-driving technology makes safer more and rational decisions than human drivers. The main problem facing self-driving technology is the mountains of laws and regulations about car designs, features, and about who will held liable in the event of an accident.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Reuters reports that Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) s self-driving car unit submitted a proposed design for a self-driving car that has  no need for a human driver  to NHTSA on November 12, 2015. The NHTSA replied on February 4 about its thoughts on Google s self-driving car plan. The NHTSA also gave Google some insight into how the firm could ultimately get approval to have self-driving cars on the roads.

To start with, the NHTSA says it will think of the AI system as a human and that it   will interpret  driver  in the context of Google s described motor vehicle design as referring to the (self-driving system), and not to any of the vehicle occupants.  The NHTSA will also  agree with Google [that] its (self-driving car) will not have a  driver  in the traditional sense that vehicles have had drivers during the last more than one hundred years. 

Self-driving cars still have mountains to climb

The fact that the NHTSA is ready to recognize the AI system as the driver in self-driving cars solves one of the biggest issues facing autonomous driving technology. Many people have been concerned about the legal framework for self-driving cars especially on the matter of liability during an accident. How do you determine who was in error   when two robocars are involved in a crash, when a self-driving car and a human driver collide, when a self-driving car hits a pedestrian?

Now, self-driving cars have to deal with issues arising from the safety standards created for cars with human drivers. For instance, Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) has said that its self-driving cars will not have steering wheels or brake pedals. The firm believes that the presence of such control features could tempt humans to take over the control of the car when the onboard computer would have made the best rational decision with zero margins for errors.

However, federal regulations require vehicles to have steering wheels and brake pedals and Google s cars will be illegal if they lack those features. In essence, Alphabet must either conform to existing regulations or force the regulations to be rewritten before it can even start to think of taking self-driving cars to the mainstream. 
2016-01-11
The A to Z Guide of Alphabet Inc.  Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Drone Delivery Possible in 2017: Project Wing Head Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Drone Delivery Possible in 2017: Project Wing Head Remix OS: The Right Solution For The Low Android Business Adoption, Directly ... Laptops, 2-in-1 and tablets are all a possible target for a productive Android in relation to its smartphone-installed base.

The small company Jide, with its Remix OS, is exactly what Chrome OS has to be and what Google must aim for in order to improve productivity and business capacity.

Pixel C is a clear example of what Android lacks in the productivity and business environment.

Android has always suffered various issues for what concerns the business and productivity segment: The absence of a valid OS for desktop use, lack of an Android OS able to efficiently exploit screens bigger than 5-6", the lack of continuous security updates and the separation from private and work accounts.

Even if some of these issues have been checked and solved somehow, Chrome OS is very far from being effective as a desktop operative system.

CREDITS: JIDE

In this scenario, Android-x86-Remix OS exactly shows which is the correct route that Google (Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL))(Alphabet Inc. (GOOG)) must undertake in order to consistently increase its enterprise market share but also in order to refresh the tablet sector and start to be an interesting choice for desktop use.

PIXEL C

Pixel C is the first Google attempt to create its proprietary example of an Android tablet. The tablet itself is very good and the "old" Tegra X1, which is still a 20nm SoC, but it works very well. The problem here is that Android is still not suitable for a tablet environment, where productivity is very important. The big screen area is essentially not exploited by the Android interface. And the fact that there are not so many applications studied for Android tablets, it's just the simple consequence of the inner lacking details in the Android interface/system.

CREDITS: GOOGLE

For example, there is no split-screen mode, a lot of applications do not exploit well the landscape mode and there is a heavy lack of multi-tasking interface.

If you want to grasp better the issues inherent to Android on big screen, take a look at the following reviews:

Wired

Android Central

Digital Trends

Time

Gizmodo

Asrtechnica

Android Authority

ANDROID FOR WORK

Google partially tried to solve business issues through Android for Work. It is essentially a Google apps suite which works separately from the private apps and profile in order to separate private data and accounts from the work environment. This is a better feature than changing the user from the upper system bar. It is faster and more effective, but still it does not solve the aforementioned issues.

CHROME OS

Chrome OS is Google's attempt to penetrate the desktop environment with a proprietary OS instead of using the Chrome browser. But, apart from small and specific segments, Chrome OS is not suitable at all for the desktop environment because it's an Android system poured directly on a bigger screen with some minor tweak and no full support for the entire play store catalogue. There is lack of a "normal" control panel or settings, some traditional productivity apps are absent (Office and Adobe Reader) and it is too much browser-centric. Also, if you ditch Cloud Print service in order to directly use printers, it's better to pray.

CREDITS: DIGITAL TRENDS

It's clear that Google has to rethink Android for bigger screens, making it more productive, more immediate, flexible and multi-tasking exploitable.

ANDROID X86 AND REMIX OS

And here comes Remix OS, which is a Lollipop fork designed by Jide. This OS is a desktop and tablet OS which is designed to do what Android and Chrome OS are not able to do yet.

CREDITS: JIDE

It can run multiple windows with multiple apps, it has a control panel, a system tray, right and left click, shortcuts, keyboard shortcuts, multiview, a taskbar, continuous updates, compatibility with a lot of external dongles, mouses, keyboards and printers and the chance to run every app present on the play store (even if not every window view is perfect or fully compatible).

It simply unites the best features of Android with the best features of Chrome OS while recalling some features and user-friendliness from Windows 8/10 and OSX.

We must also consider two peculiar matters:

First, Remix OS is simply a "modified" Android, therefore, Google has all the required firepower to architect Android in order to run it effectively on desktops and tablets.

Second, but still extremely important, Jide is going to release Remix OS for free (with Android x86 help): it will be possible to put Remix OS on a USB drive of at least 8GB and run it from nearly every PC and Mac (we are talking about compatibility with hundreds of devices at least). I personally tested a leaked version on a 2011 Vaio and it works fine without any hardware issues and it runs everything smoothly with a lot of open applications.

TAKEAWAY

Remix OS is essentially what Chrome OS and Android must be for tablets, laptops and desktops: An OS capable of good multitasking and traditional desktop-like features while maintaining Google apps, services and its play store. At the same time, Google must push developers to develop more apps suited for tablets usage, even if such thrust would be "natural" once Google will provide something similar to Remix OS.

Remix OS may be the reference for future Google developments, or even a cheap and important acquisition: Given the low enterprise and business Android market share, providing an effective productive operative system could be the real start to increase Google's market from this point of view.

Just the fact that they have released a Google tablet last year, it means that Google still wants to improve in the enterprise segment (and Q1 and Q2 2015 saw some improvement in market share). Take a look at the following links, and you will see that Remix OS is considered what Android and Chrome OS have to be on tablets and desktops.

DIGITAL TRENDS

THE VERGE

9to5google

THENEXTWEB

WCCFTECH

TECHRADAR

If we consider that iOS (Apple Inc. (AAPL)) still has more than 60% of smartphone and tablet enterprise market share, we see that Google still has a lot of room for improvement.

But that's not the only possible source of additional revenues and profits (from licensing and services): Lenovo (OTCPK:LNVGY) confirmed that Google Play is coming to China in 2016. This move, which was expected, opens up the door for additional revenues and profits (the Chinese app market is multi billion-dollar space) and it could provide more strict control on the malware menace.

Here, the revenue source is clear and massive: Hundreds of millions of smartphones are present on the Chinese market, but they use the AOSP, which practically does not provide sensible revenues for Google. The introduction of a Chinese Play Store implies the chance to have smartphones with Google services, in addition to smartwatches with Android Wear and Google Now services. Just think about the games market: Chinese Android games generated $ 3.6B, without accounting other kind of applications and related in-app purchases.

It's clear that Google's potential to generate additional revenues is still very high, and that is why I rate it as a "buy" as a long time period. For what concerns the short time period, I rate it a "hold" in order to avoid the recent oil turmoil and market woes.



Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, but may initiate a long position in GOOG, GOOGL over the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: The author does not guarantee the performance of any investments and potential investors should always do their own due diligence before making any investment decisions. Although the author believes that the information presented here is correct to the best of his knowledge, no warranties are made and potential investors should always conduct their own independent research before making any investment decisions. Investing carries risk of loss and is not suitable for all individuals.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. 
2016-12-08
Why Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Pixel Will Never Kill the iPhone When Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) launched the Google Pixel smartphone in September, it was widely dubbed an  iPhone killer  by hordes of adoring Android fans. After all, GOOGL had stolen many plays from Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL ) playbook. Just like Apple, the company came to the fray with the Google Pixel and the Google Pixel XL with screen sizes of 5 inches and 5.5 inches, respectively.

Source: Google

But Google was not content to just copy a few iPhone moves. The marketing strategies employed by the two companies are remarkably similar:

Both lay claim to being the smartest smartphones on the planet,

Both claim to have the best cameras in their class,

Both sport rather humdrum designs that are nevertheless pretty impressive par the course nowadays and,

Both are pretty darn expensive, with the unlocked base 32GB versions starting and $649 for both smartphones.

GOOGL though has one-upped Apple by adding a touch of exclusivity to the Pixel to differentiate it from other Android phones. This includes special features such as a Pixel Launcher, Google Assistant and Daydream. By now, you might be wondering   what kind of affect does this have on GOOGL stock?

Not so Fast, Google Pixel

Not surprisingly, Google Pixel hit the ground running. Many GOOGL stock investors were willing to bet that the company s first smartphone ever was on track to knock Apple down a peg or two after years of dominance in the smartphone business. Pixel managed to garner many glowing reviews, with The Verge declaring it   hit a homerun,  while Ars Technica described it as the  best Android smartphone ever. 

But current indications are that the victory dance was a bit premature. Some numbers coming from Wall Street suggest that Pixel is unlikely to live up to the iPhone-killer hype. Morgan Stanley has come up with estimates that Google will sell a respectable 3 million Pixels worth $2 billion during the final three months of 2016, but only 5 million to 6 million for the whole of 2017 once the initial enthusiasm wears off.

Comparatively, Apple sold 212 million iPhone units in fiscal year 2016 netting $137 billion in revenue. Further, Apple averaged 41% gross margin for the iPhone in 2016, almost double the 22% to 25% range analysts are modeling for the Pixel depending on the configuration. So what Pixel will add to Google s top and bottom lines really is a drop in the bucket compared with the iPhone, a device that brings in 60% of total Apple revenues.

But these disappointing projections should probably not come as a surprise to GOOGL stock owners. Most smartphone users tend to be very loyal to their brands, and the next handsets they buy are largely dictated by past purchases.

Close to 90% of consumers that currently own an iPhone are likely to stick to the Apple ecosystem; ditto for the Android camp. Moreover, asking the average Android smartphone user to upgrade to a Pixel is going to be a tough sell. The Android smartphone average selling price hovers around $250, less than half the price of an entry-level Pixel.

Next Page Facebook Inc (FB), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Shouldn't Fear European Ruling The European Commission recently released a report revealing that Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT ) and Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR ) have thus far failed to comply with the provisions set forth in last May s voluntary acceptance of an online Code of Conduct agreement.

Source:  iStock.com/lucielang

According to the Code of Conduct, these tech behemoths vowed to implement additional measures aimed at identifying and removing blatantly hateful content, with  the majority  of user reports of such content reviewed and addressed within 24 hours.

Further, each company agreed to implement comprehensive and ongoing training for staff members tasked with addressing these reports, with focus on  current soceital developments  as they may relate to potential surges in hate speech.

Training was supposed to include and encourage participation and involvement by various  civil society organizations  whose goals were to promote tolerance and education.

Apparently, that didn t happen.

Where These Big Dogs Have Fallen Short

On Sunday, Reuters reported that the European Commission is disappointed at the speed with which the majority of hate speech reports have been handled since the Code of Conduct was signed. Apparently, an average of only 40% of such reports were reviewed and addressed within the 24-hour window.

However, the Commission admitted that  after 48 hours the figure is more than 80 percent.  Still, that one extra day is seemingly unacceptable and has prompted the Commission to consider drawing up legisltation that would force FB, GOOGL, MSFT and TWTR to maintain the agreed-upon 24-hour timeframe for reviewign complaints.

No information has been released regarding possible specifics of the legislation, but European justice ministers are scheduled to meet later this week for a closer examination of the report.

Will This Change Anything for Users?

Generally speaking, it s not likely. Considering the sheer number of users that these companies have (FB has more than 1.2 billion, GOOGL has more than 2 billion, MSFT has 750 million and TWTR has 317 million), the relative number of complaints regarding hate speech that have been reported over the past six months is almost non-existent.

According to CNBC,  there were 600 notifications to the tech firms regarding hate speech.  Only 316 of them were determined to have possible merit, and of those only 163 resulted in content being removed or deleted. No information was shared as to the origin of those 600 reports and whether they came from Facebook, Google, Twitter or Microsoft.

Next Page Google Stock: Alphabet Inc Is Almost at 100% Green Energy By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : December 8, 2016

Energy Independence for Google Stock?

As we inch closer to the end of 2016, companies are starting to release their big plans for next year. As always, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) had something memorable to add: namely that it will meet 100% of its green energy requirements in 2017.

This should add an interesting new dimension to Google stock (GOOG), at least for those who are worried about climate change. Having a corporate entity one of the biggest in the world behave with social awareness is not something we see every day. (Source:  We re set to reach 100% renewable energy   and it s just the beginning,  Google Blog, December 6, 2016.)

 [We are] the world s largest corporate buyer of renewable power,  wrote Google Senior Vice President Urs H lzle in a blog post announcing the news. He added that Google now plans to  [directly buy] enough wind and solar electricity annually to account for every unit of electricity our operations consume, globally. 

However, this doesn t mean that solar panels are going to be plastered to Google s rooftops. The company is too large an organisation to simply  move off the grid.  Instead, it chooses to buy all its green energy from renewable sources, even if that means going through a traditional utility.

For instance, if a green energy company decides to set up a big farm of solar panels, rather than sell to end consumers, it signs a contract with utility companies. The solar farms feed the green energy onto the grid, which can then be purchased by companies like Google.

Utilizing these third-party sources is an important step for Google stock. Like its competitors at Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), and International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM), Google is building new data centers across the world. The existing data centers use three percent of the world s electricity; a number that is expected to triple once these companies are done expanding.

In other words, tech companies will be consuming roughly 10% of the world s energy supply just to power data centers. The energy demands will be extraordinary, but they have made public assurances that most of the energy will come from renewable sources.

 The science tells us that tackling climate change is an urgent global priority,  H lzle wrote.  We believe the private sector, in partnership with policy leaders, must take bold steps and that we can do so in a way that leads to growth and opportunity. And we have a responsibility to do so   to our users and the environment. 

Google stock (GOOG) was up 1.35% at the time of writing, hovering at $769.22. 3 Big Stock Charts for Thursday: Facebook Inc (FB), Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA ... Newer technology names continue to struggle during this sector migration as investors continue to eye the new bull market sectors like materials, industrials and transportation stocks. The result is that a large number of the traditional technology leaders are under pressure from their charts.

Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ), Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA ) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) are all in the position of lagging broader indices. It has become time for a make-or-break situation as each are currently facing short-term chart resistance.

Facebook Inc (FB)

Shares of Facebook had struggled since the election for a few reasons. The drop in price transitioned the 50-day moving average for FB stock into a bearish trend, indicating a higher probability of lower prices over the next 4 to 6 weeks if the trend remains in place.

The fact that the stock recently moved below its heavily monitored 200-day trendline and is now finding resistance at the $120-price where it resides has put Facebook shares into this must-win situation. This is FB s current  must-win  price as a break above will open some room overhead for the stock to move higher.

Facebook shares recently benefited from an oversold technical bounce, but volume has dried after that rally, indicating that the bounce may be more of the  dead cat  variety.

For now, traders should steer clear of FB as a rejection at $120 is likely to target another wave of selling and the potential for Facebook to test its June lows of $108.

Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA)

Another technology company struggling in a downward trend is Tesla Motors. Since peaking in April, TSLA shares have shed over 25% as the stock charts a pattern of lower highs and lower lows. The pattern suggests that Tesla stock is suffering as traders and investors are taking any rally as an opportunity to reduce holdings.

From a long-term perspective, TSLA is trading in a bear market as the stock is well below its 20-month moving average, which is also trending lower. Some traders may see Tesla stock as a  value , but the technical trend suggests otherwise.

Looking at the chart, TSLA s  must win  price is at $195; the spot where its 50-day moving average currently sits. This trendline has been staunch resistance for Tesla stock since it rolled over in August and began to trend lower.

From there, TSLA stock gets into a technical pinch as support is immediately below at $180. This means that we re likely to see an increase in volatility in Tesla shares as one of these key levels is going to give way for the next big move in the stock.

Next Page FB Stock: Is Facebook Inc (FB) Eating YouTube's Lunch- Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) ? This may be the next big feature of Facebook

Facebook surpassed YouTube in Christmas social video campaign viewership and engagement in the UK.

Facebook has been testing the introduction of a dedicated video tab inside its mobile app.

Can Facebook take a big bite of YouTube's market share in 2017?

Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) has been in the eye of storm recently due to issues like fake news and overstatement of metrics. However, advertisers are not going to flee its platform. In fact, Facebook is slowly taking the fight to industry leader Alphabet Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube in terms of online video viewership and advertising. New Research also shows that video content is outperforming all other types on Facebook. Here's how Facebook is edging closer to YouTube, slowly and steadily reducing its web video supremacy.

Facebook Is Challenging YouTube And TV For Ads

Facebook has been testing the introduction of a dedicated video tab inside its mobile app among a select group of users over the past year - a move Morgan Stanley analysts predict will help the social network capture a greater share of the TV ad market. This move will also help Facebook take on Youtube, trying to become a complete web video portal. This may also eliminate Facebook's weakness in the delivery of video content, which is still very much focused on distribution and in-feed viewing. Whereas YouTube benefits from discovery and intent.

YouTube s biggest strength is its ability to offer customers a continuous viewing experience across multiple connected devices. Facebook seems to have come up with an answer to this as well with another of their recent move. Its new feature allows live streaming of videos on your TV. 85% of videos on Facebook are watched without sound where as Youtube has a more immersive experience. YouTube thus serves as a more complete, cinematic experience than Facebook. If the new dedicated video tab becomes operational then this competitive advantage of Youtube can be reduced to a great extent.

TV ad revenue in the US totaled close to $70 billion in 2015, according to PwC s Media Outlook. Consumers continue to increase their time spent consuming digital media, which has put pressure on traditional TV ad spenders to increase their ad budgets on digital channels like Youtube and Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX). The dedicated video tab will solve advertisers reservations about Facebook videos being too fragmented and interspersed between feeds. So Facebook may take a huge pie of digital video advertising revenue from Youtube.

Source: Business Insider

How Close Can FB Get To YouTube

The category YouTube belongs to is "Google websites," which contributed $16.1B or 72.3% of the Google segment top-line in 3Q16. It is not clear actually how much YouTube contributes to top line figures, but it is estimated to be around $3.1B for 3Q16 by Wedbush. Youtube is expected to grow at a CAGR of 30% through 2020. However, slowly and steadily Facebook is catching up. Recently it was reported that Facebook overtook YouTube for Christmas social video campaigns in UK. 90% of all interactions and 60% of all views of Christmas TV adverts on social were via Facebook, while just under 40% of views were on YouTube, proving Facebook is where audiences head to watch and share the content they love.

Also Read: FB Stock: Facebook Inc Could Gain The Most From A Snapchat IPO In 2017

In the US alone digital video advertising is estimated to be worth $23.5B by 2020, then the global market size is much bigger. There were 3.1 Trillion Facebook video views between November 2015 and November 2016; that's a staggering increase of 94% year-on-year. With Facebook users spending an average of 50 minutes per day on the site, and over 100 million hours of daily video watch time, the reach and influence of Facebook video content is only set to increase.

Though some of these numbers may not be very accurate due to Facebook's overstated metrics. Even if you go by moderate projections of these numbers, Facebook is well positioned to take on Youtube in digital video advertising space. The ever increasing market size gives these two players enough reasons to fight for.

The Next Big Digital Ad Revenue Battle Is On Videos

Most of the consumer internet traffic in the future will be around video. According to a Cisco Forecast, videos will represent 69% of all consumer-based Internet traffic by 2017; this is expected to rise to 80% by 2019. Zuckerburg himself has said,  I think video is a megatrend, almost as big as mobile. 

The only place in videos where Facebook is lagging drastically is original content creation, but here it is taking the Youtube way by paying both individual celebrities and news outlets to use it. There are also recent reports of some famous content creators leaving Youtube and music industry not being happy with payments from Youtube, so Facebook has a ray of hope here as well. (See Also: FB Stock: Don't Sell Facebook Inc Stock, But Do Read This )

The US digital advertising industry will continue to experience remarkable growth through 2021 to reach nearly $100 billion in annual revenue, driven primarily by the sustained migration of ad dollars from traditional TV to digital video and the continued increase in social spending. Digital video advertising will grow faster than any other segment over the next five years, as consumers shift time spent online to phones and tablets. So we are definitely headed for a  war for video supremacy' going ahead.

Source: Forbes

It will also be difficult to change consumers' default habit of going to YouTube for video content, but for that Facebook needs to come up with the right video offering which will entice both consumers as well as advertisers.

Facebook will deliver close to $31 billion in revenue in 2017 going by a slower growth of 25% over Facebook's TTM sales number. Its sales number can shoot up drastically if it captures a sizeable chunk of the digital video ad revenue going forward and FB stock would gain from this in a big way.

Offering a dedicated connected viewing and search experience is no doubt on the cards. If it can achieve this successfully and maintain its push into premium content, then Facebook may take the top spot as a complete entertainment and social hub. It's really a daunting task to go after YouTube, but the future looks bright for Facebook Inc.

Looking for tech stocks? Check out Amigobulls' top tech stock picks, which have beaten the NASDAQ by over 110%. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Gives Out Gifts To Project Fi Subscribers Published By: Ken Bock on December 8, 2016 09:27 am EST

Alphabet Incorporation has revealed a website, World of Thanks, where Project Fi members have been invited to create snow globes and greeting cards. The tech company has offered secret gifts; users can find the location out of the gifts through the bottom of the website. $10 Google Plat store credit can be received by a simple click on the Christmas tree.

Google seems to get into the holiday spirit through this promotional deal for Project Fi subscribers. Members can go to the website and enjoy the interesting activities the company has offered this holiday season. A trivia game is available where users can make their own personalized snow globes and gift cards. New games are expected to come out on Monday this month, and more can be expected till the 6th of January. Users are recommended to visit the website weekly for new gamers and activities to enjoy.

In the past, the tech company offered members a portable battery pack, headphones and a case as a holiday promotion. Thus, this is not the first time Project Fi member will be able to enjoy holiday deals by Alphabet. Fi family plans have been introduced and users can even add a separate plan for just $15 per user and $10 per GB. The support page of World of Thanks says,  Santa never tells.. Click and explore each wonderland to find them yourself. 

Customers should go and have a look at the holiday gifts this year, try out the hidden surprises and get into the holiday spirit. Fi subscribers have been notified of this promotion via emails and a notification if they have the Fi application with a promotion code. Member can enjoy the wonderland for now through gifts, games and other activities. National Music Publishers Association and YouTube reach agreement to distribute unclaimed royalties  Gupshup announced a partnership with Google  
2016-05-13
Price Target Changed: Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), Nvidia (NVDA), Facebook (FB ... Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) was reiterated a  Buy  by MKM Partners analysts on Friday. The broker also cut its price target on the stock to $930 from $950, noting ad allocation shift somewhat softer in Q1.

Alphabet Inc. Cl A recently traded at $725.38, a loss of $2.69 over Thursday s closing price. The name has a current market capitalization of $498.02 billion.

Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) was reiterated as  Buy  with a $43 from $39 price target on Friday by MKM Partners. The name was also upgraded to  Buy  at Topeka Capital Markets and to  Buy  at ROTH Capital following earnings last night. The computer technology firm handed in Q117 EPS of $0.46 on revenue of $1.31 billion, beating Wall Street estimates of $0.41 per share on revenue of $1.26 billion.

 We are enjoying growth in all of our platforms   gaming, professional visualization, datacenter and auto,  commented Jen-Hsun Huang, co-founder and CEO, Nvidia.  Accelerating our growth is deep learning, a new computing model that uses the GPU s massive computing power to learn artificial intelligence algorithms. Its adoption is sweeping one industry after another, driving demand for our GPUs.

NVDA currently prints a one year return of 72.57% and a year-to-date return of 8.31%.

Facebook, Inc. (FB) rating of  Buy  was reiterated today at MKM Partners with a price target increase of $150 from $135 (versus a $120.28 previous close).

FB was down $0.18 at $120.10 in midday trade, moving within a 52-week range of $72 to $121.08. The name, valued at $343.48 billion, opened at $120.38.

On valuation measures, Facebook Inc. Cl A shares are currently priced at 92.87x this year s forecasted earnings. Ticker has a t-12 price/sales ratio of 17.40. EPS for the same period registers at $1.29.

Facebook shares have advanced 8.84% in the last 4 weeks and 18.03% in the past three months. Over the past 5 trading sessions the stock has gained 2.10 percent. The $343.64 billion market cap Menlo Park, CA-based company has a median Street price target of $145 with a high target of $170.

Facebook Inc. Cl A is up 53.34% year-over-year, compared with a 2.76% loss in the S&P 500.

Shares of Allergan plc (AGN) are up $7.57 to $223.59 in midday trading despite Mizuho reiterating its  Neutral  rating and decreasing the name s 12-month base case estimate by 18 points to $232 a share. Firm said it s lowering their price target on valuation.

Allergan plc, currently valued at $88.30 billion, has a median analyst price target of $287 with a high target of $400. Approximately 3.3 million shares have already changed hands, compared to the stock s average daily volume of 7.43 million.

In the past 52 weeks, shares of specialty pharmaceutical company have traded between a low of $195.50 and a high of $340.34 with the 50-day MA and 200-day MA located at $232.80 and $280.26 levels, respectively. Alphabet Inc: Google Diversifies Into Health With 'Smart Lenses' Patent Alphabet Inc ( GOOG , GOOGL ) subsidiary Google has a pet project you might not have heard of   smart contact lenses.

Google corporate name change to Alphabet was intended to allow the company to diversify without diluting its core brand.

As Alphabet, CEO Larry Page continues to strengthen its other businesses, including a deep dive into health care. That s where these so-called  smart lenses  come in, as a new patent shows that the ocular device is a huge focus for the company.

The patent covers an artificial lens that will be implanted directly into a user s eye. The lens includes tiny processors, sensors and a communication device. While this seems like something out a science fiction movie, it is reality and exactly how far technology has taken us. It should come as no surprise that a tech leader like Google wants to take its expertise and get involved in the growth of advanced medicine.

What Are Google Smart Lenses?

The official patent describes Google s sci-fi contact lenses as  an intra-ocular device includ[ing] an electronic lens that can be controlled to control the overall optical power of the device . The patent was granted in late April after being filed in 2014. The invention and patent are credited to Andrew Jason Conrad, the head of Google s biotech startup, Verily Life Sciences.

Google is putting time and effort into smart lenses for several reasons, including fighting a vision problem. These lenses could help accommodate vision correction in people with presbyopia, which is an age related form of long sightedness. In 2014, Google announced a partnership with Novartis AG (ADR) ( NVS ) to develop contact lens technology. Novartis hoped at the time to have a product based on the technology on the market within five years. Human tests for this technology are expected to start in 2016 and Novartis s calendar remains on track for its five-year plan.

One of the main technology pieces in this partnership is utilizing smart lenses contacts to help diabetics track their blood glucose levels. With a growing population of diabetic patients and Novartis being one of the leading diabetes drug companies, Google could benefit greatly with a great product and partner here.

Google s Other Health Care Initiatives

Back in April, Google announced first-quarter earnings. In the quarter, revenue increased 17% to $20.3 billion. Google was responsible for $20.1 billion of Alphabet Inc s total. Google s  other  segment produced revenue of $0.2 billion, which is a small fraction for the company, but continues to show strong growth. In the last full fiscal year, the other segment represented only $0.4 billion of total revenue.

If Google s health care initiatives can catch fire, then its  other  segment can become a real thing for investors to cheer on.

Along with smart lenses, Google is also investing heavily in health care technology to fight aging and age-related diseases. Google s Calico unit has a partnership with AbbVie Inc ( ABBV ) to invest in anti-aging. The company s announced a deal in 2014 with Google and Abbvie each initially investing $250 million to fund the partnership and up to $1.5 billion in total investments. Calico is being led by former Genentech CEO Arthur Levinson.

Google has additional medical partnerships of note that could boost the spotlight for the company s other businesses segment: Diabetes partnerships were formed with both Novartis and Sanofi SA (ADR) ( SNY ); Google is working with Biogen Inc ( BIIB ) on several drugs; and Google forged an alliance with Johnson & Johnson ( JNJ ) for medical robots.

But Google isn t alone in wanting to diversify into health; more specifically, in wanting to inject foreign materials into your eyes.

Next Page Third Point LLC takes share stake in Alphabet Inc - SEC Filing  
2016-03-15
Alphabet Inc: Banging on the Door of an $87B Market (GOOG, GOOGL) Alphabet Inc s Google ( GOOG , GOOGL ) is often mentioned in the same breath with the likes of Tesla ( TSLA ) as one of the leaders in the driverless-car space. There s a good reason for that   it is one of the leaders in the driverless-car space.

In fact, Google has been working diligently on self-driving cars since 2009, and has arguably made more progress in that field than any other company on the planet.

Google s autonomous vehicles have been humming around California for years, and after logging about 1.5 million miles on the road, only one accident (a 2 MPH collision that harmed no one) has been chalked up to the driving software.

But Google isn t just doing this for bragging rights or because it s cool. It s a public company, and GOOG is a publicly traded stock. It wants to commercialize its state-of-the-art technology, and that means it needs the legal leeway to take driverless cars mainstream.

With self-driving cars expected to be an $87 billion market by 2030, you can understand why Google, and GOOG stock owners, might be antsy to see government make room for a wider rollout.

Google s Gotta Lobby

Lobbying on the part of private enterprise can often be a dirty, morally touchy area. When big companies lobby D.C. bigwigs to serve their own self interests, it raises uncomfortable questions:  Are private companies buying votes?   Has America s political system been corrupted? 

These are legitimate concerns. But they don t apply to Google, not in this instance. Yes, Google is lobbying on behalf of its own interests, having invested massive sums of money and time in self-driving cars since 2009, but it s also a shift that s nearly inevitable at this point.

Traditional automakers like General Motors ( GM ), Ford ( F ) and Toyota ( TM ) are all increasingly investing in self-driving cars and the tech behind it.

The leader of GOOG s self-driving car project, Chris Urmson, is appearing before the Senate Commerce Committee on Tuesday, encouraging Congress to give the Transportation Department the authority to speed up the process that can get driverless cars on the road en masse.

Currently, the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has safety rules in place that pose major roadblocks for driverless cars. As a recent Fortune article explained:

 The basic problem is that the standards are based on the assumption that vehicles would always have a steering wheel, foot pedals, or even a rear visibility. Regulators must now figure out how to certify a car that might have seats designed like a lounge and that may not even face forward. 

While these are indeed hurdles, it should be encouraging to GOOG stock owners that the company is taking concrete steps to make its far-fetched idea a reality.

After all, a 2014 research report by Lux Research estimated the self-driving car market would reach $87 billion by 2030. That s the cumulative value of all parts of the market: carmakers, connectivity and apps, maps, software, wireless hardware and other categories are all included.

While automakers stand to make billions from the new-look vehicles, Lux figures that software companies are actually the biggest beneficiaries of the shift. By 2030, the driverless car software market alone will be worth $25 billion, Lux says, giving companies like GOOG and IBM ( IBM ) a lucrative new way to grow revenue.

Hopefully Google s very public lobbying efforts will help those projections become a reality, sooner rather than later.

As of this writing, John Divine did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace What AlphaGo's Victory Means for Alphabet (GOOGL) Even as Alphabet Inc.'s AlphaGo's (GOOG) victory over Lee Sedol, the world's reigning Go champion, generates headlines all over the world, the win is just a glimpse of AphaGo's future capabilities and ability to generate revenues for Google. This is because artificial intelligence (AI) is key to the company's future, and AlphaGo is expected to play a substantial role in helping the company get there. (See also: Google AI Defeats Go Board Game Master.)

A Surge in AI Development

A number of factors ranging from a drop in storage costs to increased computing power have coalesced to enable a surge of development in AI. From major technology conglomerates to startups, almost everyone is leveraging the power of AI to develop new systems and products. Some current examples include Amazon.com, Inc's Alexa (AMZN), Microsoft Corporation's Cortana (MSFT), and Facebook Inc.'s M messenger (FB) service. (The latter actually works in conjunction with humans but the eventual goal is to make it a human-independent service).

Not only companies, even governments are getting onto the AI bandwagon. According to news reports, the South Korean government has committed to spending $5 billion won each year for the next five to ten years to train individuals in AI-related fields. It also plans to change existing regulations relating to the industry.

How Will Google Commercialize AlphaGo?

AlphaGo is expected to benefit from this evolving ecosystem because it democratizes and expands the AI ecosystem and its familiarity with consumers. AlphaGo is unique in that it was the first time that a machine has mimicked human processes for learning on its own. The system used a combination of deep learning and neural networks to beat the reigning Go champion. The closest contextual effort to this is IBM's (IBM) work with Watson, the supercomputer which beat two Jeopardy champions in 2011. Since then, IBM has pumped money into Watson to commercialize it.

According to some estimates, Watson cost almost $1.8 billion to develop. To recoup its development costs, the Armonk-based company has started a number of consulting divisions within Watson. The divisions are involved in activities ranging from lung cancer diagnosis to creating food recipes. As of last year, Watson was the fastest growing unit within IBM and accounted for 18% of total sales or $17 billion in revenue. (See also: Investors Turn to Artificial Intelligence.)

Quite possibly, Alphabet could take a similar route. DeepMind, the startup that developed AlphaGo and was acquired by Alphabet in 2014, has already launched a health division. The division has launched two projects, one that sends test results and physiological readings to physicians and another that is a clinical task manager app.

In fact, the company's founder has a doctorate in neuroscience. In an article in The Verge, he is quoted as saying that the unit's machine learning techniques will be useful in robotics, healthcare systems, and smartphone assistant systems. All three areas are expected to grow exponentially in the future.

The Bottom Line

AlphaGo's defeat of Lee Sedol is much like Watson's victory over Jeopardy contestants in 2011. That victory showcased Watson's capabilities and introduced it to the world. The chances that Alphabet Inc. will follow a similar strategy to commercialize AlphaGo are high. In turn, this will pave the way for AlphaGo to become a serious revenue generator for the company. 
2016-04-18
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google's Android N Will Offer Support for VR Published By: Angela Campbell on April 18, 2016 01:59 pm EST

Even though there has been a lot of rumors going around about Android N, nothing has yet been verified and Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) has also not confirmed any of it to be true. However, this time around, Ars Technica has noted that the new Android OS will come equipped with extensive VR support.

Ars Technica was able to justify its claim based on the information revealed during the second Android N Developer Preview, which referred to apps likes VR Helper and VR Listener, along with permission warnings for content that can and cannot be accessed in  Virtual Reality Mode .

Even though the details are not exactly clear about VR mode and how it will function, it can be taken as a confirmation that the tech giant is in fact working on making the new OS compatible with VR devices. Additionally, it is possible that the company is doing so to prepare devices for its own smartphone compatible range of VR headsets.

For now, it is confirmed that Android N will come with unique features like split-screen mode, enhanced emojis and even 3D touch. And now that it is somewhat confirmed that Android N will feature VR capabilities as well, it will definitely turn heads.

Seeing how there is a lot of hype revolving around Android N, Google has to do much more than just meet expectations, as it will have to exceed them at the same time. If such a feature does make its way to Android devices, one thing is for certain: it will give the platform a potential boost in the number of users by attracting a lot of attention. But then again, this mostly depends on the final product and how stable the OS actually turns out to be. Alphabet Inc - News Corp broadens Google antitrust complaint - source - Reuters News  Alphabet Inc - EU's Vestager says looking closely at Google's Android - Reuters News  
2016-08-09
Better Buy: Baidu Inc. (ADR) vs. Alphabet Inc. When the internet was in its infancy, analysts scoffed at the idea of an online company being able to earn significant sums selling advertising space. But over the past fifteen years, the shift to digital ads has been significant -- and there's still a long runway for growth.

That helps explain why two of the world's leading search engines -- Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google and Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) -- were able to rake in tens of billions of dollars over the past year alone. But which is the better stock to buy now?

That's a tough question to answer -- especially for me. The two companies combined account for 24% of my real-life holdings. And while there's no foolproof way to determine which is the better buy, there are three critical lenses through which to view the question.

Financial fortitude

Even though it might not be exciting, cash is the ultimate weapon. If the economy goes south, a company with lots of cash on hand has options: It can outspend rivals, buy back its own stock, or even acquire competitors at depressed valuations.

Companies which have debt are in the exact opposite position: Their options are limited. They are forced to reduce investing in their future, to focus solely on squeaking by and meeting their debt obligations. That's why a company's financial fortitude is so important.

Company Cash Debt Net Income Free Cash Flow Alphabet $77 billion $6 billion $17 billion $18 billion Baidu $17 billion $1 billion $4.9 billion $2.3 billion

It's important to note that Alphabet is currently valued (via its C shares' market capitalization) at over nine times that of Baidu. Taking that into consideration, Baidu actually appears to have the slightly stronger balance sheet.

But what we're really measuring here is the level of cash versus debt, and each company's ability to create more cash flow. As far as these variables are concerned, both companies are in outstanding shape.

Winner: Tie

Sustainable competitive advantages

There's nothing more important to your investment's success than the underlying company's sustainable competitive advantages -- also known as a "moat." The moat provides both safety and the magic of compounding over years and decades.

Both Google and Baidu have strong moats. Google has seven different products with over one billion users. It is by far the largest search engine in the world, and it has the most data on users to offer advertisers.

Baidu's moat exists largely because Google refuses to actively compete in China, due to the policies of the ruling Communist party. But the same thing that protects Baidu -- a favorable competitive position thanks to the government -- is its greatest weakness. Should the company fall out of favor with Chinese leaders, the company and its stock could suffer immensely.

Google, operating in just about every other country worldwide, has no such risk. It would take virtually all governments cracking down on Google's data collection for the company to be hurt as directly as Baidu would be in the case of government intervention.

Don't get me wrong: Both companies have strong moats. But Google's is wider.

Winner: Alphabet

Valuation

Finally, we need to determine how expensive each stock is:

Company P/E P/FCF P/S PEG Alphabet 24 30 6.7 1.3 Baidu 40 25 5.4 2.0

The data offers a mixed bag. Baidu has been investing heavily in its online-to-offline (O2O) initiative -- which is making the company's P/E look much higher than it would if the company just let revenue drop to the bottom line. But O2O is a massive opportunity -- one that I'm sure Alphabet would love to capitalize on if it could go back in time to the infancy of the internet.

At the same time, Alphabet is 35% cheaper when considering its growth potential (via the PEG ratio). Both companies have a bright future -- one that includes lots of small experiments that could end up being big hits. Those are difficult to predict. As a result, I think it's most fair to call this one a draw.

Winner: Tie

So there you have it: Two of the world's most dominant search engines are pretty close, but Google has a slight edge. But I think both deserve consideration in your own portfolio: They are stalwarts at the leading edge of the world's massive transition to online advertising. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Android Nougat Just A Few Weeks Away From Launch, Here ... Published By: Patrick Arruda on August 9, 2016 07:41 am EST

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is expected to release the company s latest Android 7.0 Nougat OS in a few weeks from now. Google recently released the final developer preview for Android Beta users, as the company's subsidiary is getting ready to launch the new OS alongside its new Nexus devices.

According to the company, the latest OS is the most refined OS from the company yet and it brings a ton of new features and improvements over its predecessor, Android 6.0 Marshmallow. Google has also stated that the new OS has been optimized for an immersive VR experience. We take a look at what s new with Google s latest OS.

Redesigned and Simplified Settings Shortcuts

The notification panel has been given an update and swiping down once from the top of the screen gives you a new toggles bar. There are toggles for Wi-Fi, cellular data, flashlight, do not disturb and battery. Notifications show below the toggles bar. There is a drop down menu which brings up the whole settings menu and can be adjusted using the Edit button.

Multi-Window

Finally Android Nougat brings in support for multiple windows on your screen on an Android device. Apps can now run simultaneously and the update will excite owners of large devices like the Nexus 6. The new mode will also work with tablet devices such as the Pixel C.

Total Silence

Android N comes with three new options for do not disturb that are, Total Silence, Alarms Only and Silence Only. This fixes the problem Nexus users had, who had only the vibrating feature to use instead of Do Not Disturb.

Quick Reply Notifications

Now you can finally respond to notifications using the new direct reply feature without having the need to open a separate app. This eliminates the need to open up the Hangouts app every time you have to send a simple reply. Apple Gets Nod To Sell Power (AAPL) As a part of its corporate initiative to invest in clean energy, Apple Inc. (AAPL) is spending $850 million to build a 130-megawatt solar farm near San Francisco. The program got a major push last week when Apple Energy LLC, a subsidiary of Apple, received the approval from Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) allowing it to sell energy and related power services necessary to maintain reliable power. It can now start selling power in the wholesale markets.

Apple Power Generation

While the San Francisco solar farm is operated by First Solar Inc. (FSLR), Apple has the rights to buy the generated electricity under a long-term agreement it has with First Solar. Additionally, Apple also owns generation capacity of 50 megawatts in the Arizona based Salt River Project service area, and 20 megawatts in the Nevada Power Company service area. Apple also has the capacity to generate 18 megawatts of power from solar equipment at its new  Campus 2  headquarters at Cupertino.

The total power capacity now enables Apple to power all its data centers by renewables.

In addition to reducing the dependence on external sourcing, owning a power production facility also frees up the demand of power from the usual utility providers leading to a win-win.

Any excess production can be sold in the wholesale markets. As per FERC rules, any non-energy company which may want to offload excess power can do so by selling only to the utilities companies at wholesale rates. FERC also determined that Apple  did not raise the risk of being able to unfairly hike up power price . (For more, see The Economics Of Solar Power.)

In recent past, there has been a major push by established corporates to minimize power expenses and reduce their carbon footprint. Apple joins the elite club of corporates like Alphabet Inc.'s Google (GOOGL), Microsoft Corp. (MSFT) and Amazon.com Inc. (AMZN) for energy projects, who are supporting wind and solar power generation schemes. (For more, see Solar Power Gets Some Major Backers.) 
2016-02-01
Alphabet Inc (GOOG), GoPro Inc (GPRO), Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG ... Alphabet Inc (GOOG), GoPro Inc (GPRO), Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG), Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS), Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD)   Stocks to Watch this week via estimize

Monday, February 1

Tuesday, February 2

Wednesday, February 3

Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL)



Information Technology   Internet Software & Services | Reports February 1, after the close.

The Estimize consensus is right in-line with Wall Street on both the top and bottom-line on this name. Alphabet Inc EPS is expected to come in at $8.17, with revenues of $16.9B. Both of these numbers have gradually been revised upward since the Q3 report, by 5% and 2%, respectively.

Alphabet Inc   What to Watch: Late this past summer, the internet behemoth announced it was reorganizing under the name Alphabet Inc. Google will continue on as the company s legacy business and include core properties such as search and advertising, while Alphabet contains moonshot investments such as self-driving cars, health care, Google-X and smart homes, among other things. This will be the first quarter that investors get a peek into how both of those segments have performed going back two years. The reorganization and new cost cutting initiatives helped Alphabet shares increase 46% in 2015. With another favorable quarter, Alphabet is on the verge of eclipsing Apple as the most valuable company in terms of market capitalization. Alphabet s focus on innovation and growing its already dominant search division has contributed to the recent string of robust growth. Thanks to strategic mobile initiatives, the introduction of YouTube Red, continued acquisitions and the aforementioned reorg, this should be a good quarter for GOOGL.

Michael Kors (KORS)

Consumer Discretionary   Specialty Retail | Reports February 2, before the open.

The Estimize community calls for EPS of $1.49, three cents above Wall Street and corporate guidance. Revenues of $1.37B are also above the Street s $1.35B and guidance of $1.34B. Expectations began dropping after last quarter s results were released.

What to Watch: It was a rough first half of 2015 for affordable luxury designer, Michael Kors, missing analyst estimates on either the top or bottom line in each quarter. However, things seem to be slowly moving in the right direction, with two consecutive quarters of beats briefly lifting the stock, which lost almost half of its value over the course of the year. The concern with KORS has long been that it was losing its cache. It has oversaturated the market with both high-end and lower-end accessories, diluting the overall brand. Add to that currency pressures from the strong US dollar, which are expected to detract as much as 6 cents from the FQ3 2016 report. The holiday shopping season, which all retailers heavily rely on, was one of the weakest since 2009, making it unlikely that retail sales from the period will be able to boost KORS. Despite the slew of bad news, Kors is plowing ahead, investing in new brick and mortar stores as well as their ecommerce platform. Encouragingly, we got good news from the premium accessories space last week when Coach reported better than expected results. We ll see if Kors can continue that momentum.

Gilead Sciences (GILD)

Health Care   Biotechnology | Reports February 2, after the close.

The Estimize community is looking for EPS of $3.07 on GILD, eight cents above the Wall Street consensus. The revenue consensus of $8.2B is only slightly above the Street s estimate of $8.1B. Estimates have been rising into the report.

What to Watch: For the past four quarters Gilead has posted positive earnings surprises of 5.9% and is expected to beat again this Tuesday. Gilead is the market leader in Hepatitis C, with its two popular drugs, Sovaldi and Harvoni, contributing to the company s recent success. However, both drugs have been out for over a year now, and will likely be less impactful on the bottom-line going forward, especially due to their curative nature. Compeitition is also heating up in the Hep C space, with Merck recently approved to release its rival treatment which happens to be less expensive than Harvoni. Therefore, the company is looking to expand other segments that should be profitable in the future, including their TAF-based HIV regimens set to launch this year, and treatments for Hepatitis B.

Chipotle Mexican Grill (CMG)

Consumer Discretionary   Hotels, Restaurants and Leisure | Reports February 2, after the close.

The Estimize consensus calls for EPS of $1.94, one cent above the Street s expectation, and much higher than corporate guidance for $1.80. Revenues from Estimize and Wall Street are in-line at $1B. If the Estimize community is correct, this would signal a decrease in earnings of 50% YoY, and a revenue drop of 6%.

What to Watch: Once the poster child of fast casual, Chipotle is now facing a series of health issues which have deterred both consumers and shareholders. During this reporting quarter, the CDC announced it was investigating the burrito chain for another E. Coli outbreak after 5 people in the midwest got sick. On the heels of the announcement, Chipotle stock plummeted with shares reaching a 52 week low. In fact, the stock has fallen 29.3% during the course of 2015 and expectations are that the company will continue to falter. Since the emergence of the outbreak in October, sales have plunged and analysts now believe same store sales could fall for the first time in the company s history. To deal with the food safety issue the chain has announced they will shut down all locations on February 8th for an all staff meeting. In addition to health concerns, increasing wages and a potential menu price hike have dragged down investor s sentiment for Chipotle in 2016.

GoPro (GPRO)

Information Technology   Internet Software & Services | Reports February 3, after the close.

The Estimize consensus calls for EPS of $0.16 vs. Wall Street s $0.12 and guidance of $0.40 from the last press release. Revenues have also plummeted, now expected to come in at $438M vs. $435M for both Wall Street and corporate guidance.

What to Watch: It probably comes as no surprise that estimates for GoPro have been plummeting ever since their last report, with EPS expectations falling 83% and revenues down 41%. The camera maker has been struggling ever since the launch of it s HERO4 Session camera in July, sales for which have sorely missed expectations, requiring deep price cuts. GoPro still needs to prove they are more than just an action camera company, a market that has gotten very commoditized. The company s goal since going public has been to grow into a media business, but partnerships with Facebook Earnings Whisper: Integrated Device Technology (IDTI), Alphabet Inc. (GOOG ... Integrated Device Technology, Inc. (IDTI) is set to report Q316 results after today s close. Wall Street analysts are on average expecting the company to post $175.41 million in sales during the quarter. This would show a 3.49% increase from the Q216 revenue of $169.5 million, and an increase of 16.01% from the same period in Q315. EPS in Q316 are expected to come in at $0.35, a growth rate of 40% from $0.25 per share a year earlier.

EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $0.37 per share.

All eyes will be on Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) after today s close. The Street expects the search giant to report Q415 EPS of $8.09 and revenue of $20.77 billion. That would be $0.74 higher the $7.35 per share posted last quarter and $1.21 higher the $6.88 posted in the Q414. Revenue is projected to be $6.27 billion higher than the $14.5 billion posted in the same period a year earlier.

As a quick reminder, Google reported Q315 EPS of $7.35, 14 cents better than the Street s consensus estimate of $7.21. Revs increased 13.20% yoy to $18.7 billion versus the $18.53 billion consensus.

Mattel, Inc. (MAT) is scheduled to release Q415 earnings after the closing bell today. Wall Street is looking for EPS of $0.61 and revenue of $1.91 billion. Last quarter, Mattel posted negative earnings of 11.25%, reporting EPS of $0.71, $0.09 lower than the Street s consensus estimate of $0.80. Revs fell 11.39% year-over-year to $1.79 billion versus the $2.02 billion reported.

EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $0.62 per share.

Tesoro Corporation (TSO) is scheduled to report Q415 results after the market close today. The Street has consensus estimates of $2.08 in EPS and $5.83 billion in revenue. In the Q3 of the previous year, the San Antonio, Texas-based oil refiner posted $3.06 in EPS and $11.15 billion in revenue. Meanwhile, EarningsWhisper.com reports a whisper number of $2.16 per share.

As a quick reminder, Tesoro reported Q315 EPS of $6.48, $0.46 better than the Street s consensus estimate of $6.02. Revenue declined 30.27% on a year-over-year basis to $7.74 billion versus the $7.1 billion consensus. Stocks Mixed as Alphabet Inc Becomes World's Most Valuable Company U.S. equities bounced between gains and losses on Monday, consolidating the impressive gains seen on Friday. The same catalysts remain in play: Hopes of more cheap money stimulus (after the Bank of Japan cut rates into negative territory last week) and rumors of a possible OPEC/Russia oil production cut.

New comments from Federal Reserve vice-chair Stanley Fischer were considered dovish after he talked up the risks of recent market volatility to the U.S. economy.

Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan said that it was  significant  the Fed no longer views the risks to the economy as  balanced  as they await fresh data to  understand what is going on,  and that the Fed is no longer committed to three or four rate hikes this year.

In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.1%, the S&P 500 dropped a fraction, the Nasdaq Composite saw a 0.1% gain and the Russell 2000 lost 0.3% to end the day. Treasury bonds were weaker, the dollar lost 0.6%, gold gained 1.2% and crude oil fell 6.7% to close at $31.38 a barrel.

Defensive utility stocks led the way with a 1% gain. Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) jumped 6.6% on reports of a possible private equity purchase. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (NYSE:CMG) gained 4.3% after the CDC declared the end of the company s E.coli outbreak.

Strength in precious metals stocks lifted the ProShares Ultra Gold (NYSEARCA:UGL) position to a 13.3% gain for Edge subscribers so far this year. Ongoing strength in athletics apparel titan Nike Inc (NYSE:NKE), which gained another 1.8% today, lifted the Feb $60 calls recommended to Edge Pro subscribers to a 185% gain since recommended on Jan. 19.

Energy stocks were the laggards, losing 1.9%. GoPro Inc (NYSE:GPRO) lost 3.4% on cautious comments from analysts at both Citigroup and Piper.

On the economic front, personal spending was flat in December despite an increase in income. Personal income gained 0.3% while spending was unchanged. The savings rate increased to 5.5% from 5.3% previously as U.S. consumers continue to view the windfall from lower gasoline prices as a temporary boost.

An update on global manufacturing activity was largely as expected as China remains in contraction, Europe manages modest growth and U.S. factories enjoy a surge of new orders and production, but weak employment.

After the close, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG, NASDAQ:GOOGL) reported very strong quarterly results, sending shares up an impressive 6.5% in after-hours trading. Earnings came in at $8.67 per share (vs. $8.17 expected) while revenues totaled $17.3 billion (vs. $16.9 billion expected). Paid click revenue increased 31% over last year, but the aggregate cost per click dropped 13%. Net operating cash flow totaled $6.4 billion.

Revenue for the Google operating segment totaled $21.2 billion vs. $18 billion last year. On the earnings call, management noted the increased use of mobile search was the single largest driver of the quarter.

Looking ahead, Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) will report results before the bell on Tuesday. And all eyes are on the January non-farm payroll report due Friday for clues concerning the state of the job market during the recent market/economic turmoil and whether the Fed will stick to its four-quarter-point rate hike forecast for 2016. Analysts are looking for 188,000 jobs vs. the 292,000 added in December.

The unemployment rate is expected to remain at 5%.

Technically, stocks look good for a run at resistance near the 17,000 level as the severe oversold condition of two weeks ago is worked off. Breadth continues to widen, with the percentage of S&P 500 stocks in uptrends jumped to 36.2% from a recent low of 23.4%.

Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge and Edge Pro investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to InvestorPlace readers.

More From InvestorPlace Google parent Alphabet may soon overtake Apple as most valuable company Apple has already acknowledged the iPhone will begin this year with its first quarterly sales decline since it debuted in 2007. Apple has already acknowledged the iPhone will begin this year with its first quarterly sales decline since it debuted in 2007.

As the digital advertising market booms and demand for smartphones wanes, Alphabet Inc. could soon dethrone Apple as the world s most valuable company.

If it happens, Alphabet will move to the head of the class just five months after Google reorganized itself under the holding company. The Silicon Valley rivals could trade places soon, given how rapidly the financial gap between them is narrowing. At the end of trading on Friday, Apple s market value stood at $540 billion; Alphabet was worth $524 billion.

That s a dramatic swing from where things stood just 13 months ago. Apple then boasted a market value of $643 billion, almost twice Google Inc. s $361 billion. Since then, investors have soured on Apple Inc. The company has struggled to come up with another trend-setting product amid slumping sales of its most important device _ the nearly 9-year-old iPhone, which accounts for roughly two-thirds of Apple s overall sales.

Apple has already acknowledged the iPhone will begin this year with its first quarterly sales decline since it debuted in 2007. The slowdown helped push down Apple s stock price by 12 percent since the end of 2014.

In contrast, Google has maintained its leadership in the lucrative Internet search and ad market while building other popular products in video, mobile, web browsing, email and mapping. That bundle of Google services brings in most of Alphabet s revenue, and is expected to deliver growth in the 15 percent to 20 percent range as marketers shift even more of their budgets to digital services.

Alphabet also has impressed investors by reining in its spending. Google hired a Wall Street veteran, Ruth Porat, as its chief financial officer last May. In addition to reversing a long expansion of Google s operating expenses, Porat also persuaded Alphabet s board to spend $5 billion buying back its own stock. That move signaled a more shareholder-friendly approach to managing the company s cash hoard.

Investors also have applauded the creation of Alphabet, which is structured to provide more information about the cost of the company s experimental ventures into self-driving cars, Internet access services, health science and city management.

All of those factors have helped lift Alphabet s stock _ previously Google s _ by 43 percent since the end of 2014. It s a potentially big shift for Apple, which has held bragging rights as the world s most valuable company for most of the past four-and-a-half years. (ExxonMobil seized the high ground for a brief time in 2013.)

Alphabet would become the 12th company to rise to the most valuable spot, according to Standard & Poor s.

BGP Financial analyst Colin Gillis believes the potential changing of the guard reflects a wider recognition that Alphabet is fostering a  culture of innovation  while Apple has lost some of its magic since the October 2011 death of co-founder and former CEO Steve Jobs.  I no longer see a sense of urgency at Apple,  Gillis said.

Alphabet could surpass Apple s market value early next week after it releases fourth-quarter earnings on Monday. Investors expect a big quarter after Google s closest competitor in digital ads, Facebook Inc., announced that its revenue soared 52 percent in the period.

Of course, Apple isn t just rolling over. It s reportedly working on new products such as self-driving cars, virtual reality and Internet TV that could conceivably re-ignite its revenue growth _ as could any resurgence in the iPhone itself. Alphabet has shown no signs of letting up on Google s grip in Internet search or its expansion into other markets.

Which means we could see Apple and Alphabet continue to trade places in the market-value rankings over the next few years, as both race to be the first company worth $1 trillion.

For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Google parent Alphabet tops Apple as world's most valuable company SAN FRANCISCO   Alphabet now comes before Apple atop the list of the world s most valuable companies.

The shift occurred in Monday s extended trading after Alphabet, Google s new parent company, released a fourth-quarter earnings report that highlighted the robust growth of the digital ad market. Apple Inc. s iPhone, meanwhile, is suffering its first downturn since it debuted eight years ago.

Alphabet Inc. earned $4.9 billion on revenue of $21.3 billion in the fourth quarter. If not for employee stock expenses and certain other items, Alphabet said it would have earned $8.67 per share. That figure easily topped the average estimate of $8.10 per share among analysts surveyed by FactSet.

The report provided the most detailed breakdown yet on the profits pouring in from Google s dominant search engine and ad network. (Google reorganized itself under Alphabet last October.) Investors pushed up Alphabet stock $35.73, or 4.6 percent, to $806.50 in extended trading.

Based on that after-hours bump, Alphabet s market value stood at $555 billion while Apple s was at $533 billion, based on the most recent regulatory filings showing the company s outstanding shares. The rankings could quickly change again in regular trading Tuesday.

Apple s stock has been sliding amid concerns over slowing iPhone sales. Meanwhile, Alphabet s stock has surged by 45 percent since the end of 2014 when it was still trading under Google s name.

The fourth-quarter report marks the first time Alphabet has spelled out the costs of running still-experimental businesses that are trying to do everything from eliminating human drivers to curing cancer.

Until now, Google chose to hide the expense of running those peripheral operations in its financial statement. The company s opaque accounting made it difficult to know just how much profit Google reaped from its primary business   selling digital ads next to everything from search results to YouTube videos.

In the fourth quarter, Google produced an operating profit of $6.8 billion on revenue of $17.1 billion, after subtracting ad commissions. That translates into a whopping profit margin of 40 percent. Apple registered an operating profit margin of 32 percent in its most recent quarter.

Meanwhile, Alphabet s other companies together produced an operating loss of $1.2 billion on revenue of just $151 million. Alphabet labels that category  other bets.  For the full year, Alphabet s other companies lost $3.6 billion on revenue of $448 million.

The optimism surrounding Alphabet stems in part from hopes that the company is developing more financial discipline as it discloses more earnings details. Google had become known for its free-spending habits and reluctance to share information with analysts.

The change in sentiment coincided with Google s hiring of a new chief financial officer, Ruth Porat, last May. Porat, a Wall Street veteran, has consistently signaled her intent to rein in spending.

Under the previous setup at Google,  things had always been a little muddy,  said Edward Jones analyst Josh Olson.  The hope now is that management will continue to show greater cost discipline. 

Porat signaled her resolve again Monday in a conference call with analysts.  Our priority remains revenue growth but that doesn t give us a pass on a rigorous approach to expense management,  she said.

Google is also counting on advertisers to gradually pay more for marketing messages on smartphones. They still aren t paying as much for mobile ads as on personal computers because ads on smaller smartphone screens strike many as less valuable. That s one reason Google s average ad rates, measured as  cost per click,  have been declining for more than four years.

In the latest quarter, Google s cost per click fell by 13 percent from the same time in 2014. But Porat cited in increase in mobile search requests as one of biggest reasons that Google s revenue rose by 18 percent from the previous year. As people increasingly search for information and shop on their phones, the company expects advertisers to ramp up their spending on smartphones, too. Google profit soars, easily covering losses on 'other bets'  
2016-09-07
Assessing Alphabet's Stock Valuation (GOOGL) Shares of Google parent Alphabet, Inc. (GOOGL) have risen some 27% year-to-date, compared with a 7% rise in the S&P 500 (SPX) index. Let's take a look at where the stock trades relative to the rest of the market.

The stock is currently priced at a forward P/E ratio of 23, which is about six points above the average stock in the S&P 500 index. The forward P/E is 19.5, based on fiscal 2017 estimates of $40.66 per share, which is about two points above the rest of the market. This means if Alphabet shares were priced on par with the rest of the market, the shares would be valued today at around $582 or some 27% below current levels of around $800. (See also: Alphabet Likely to Pull Back Before Breaking Out.)

The fact that the stock is pricey hasn't kept the shares from rewarding patient investors. Alphabet shares have returned 203% and 80% in the respective five years and three years, outperforming the S&P 500 index in both spans.

Looking ahead, the company is projected to earn $8.63 per share on revenue of $22.05 billion in the quarter that ends September, according to Thomson Reuters. This compares to the year-ago quarter when earnings were $7.35 per share on $18.68 billion in revenue. For the full year, earnings are projected to rise 15.7% year over year to $34.25 per share, while full-year revenue of $88.5 billion would rise 18% year over year. (See also: Alphabet Is Top PayPal Choice for Cloud Hosting .)

In its fiscal second quarter, its revenue grew 21% year over year to $21.5 billion, while earnings per share of $8.42 beat Wall Street estimates with relative ease. And it would seem Wall Street expects that trend to continue. The current consensus among 47 analysts rates the stock with a "buy" and a 12-month price target of $930, suggesting 17% premiums from current levels. Box and Google partner to transform work in the cloud<BOX.N><GOOGL.O>  
2016-11-28
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Resolves Dump Trump Renaming On Google Maps Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) subsidiary Google immediately fixed the label of the Trump Tower on Google Maps after an unidentified individual had changed it to Dump Tower over the weekend.

Dump Tower

When users had looked for the Trump Tower on Google Maps last Saturday, Google Maps showed them an incorrectly labeled location. Users had begun noticing the changed label Saturday afternoon. Consequently, it had quickly become a trend all over the internet, particularly on social networking platforms including Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR).

The description of the location had also been changed, describing the Trump Tower as  a 58-story mixed-used  building.

It had been followed by another renaming shortly after the trend gained traction online. The Trump International Hotel & Tower had also been changed into Dump International Hotel & Tower.

Fixing the Issue

Google had responded to the issue immediately after it became a hot topic on Saturday. A Google Maps spokesperson has assured that the company is committed to providing quick resolutions to such glitches that can be misleading or offensive.

 Some inappropriate names were surfacing in Google Maps that should not be, and we apologize for any offense this may have caused,  explained the Google Maps spokesperson.

Meanwhile, US President-elect Donald Trump, whom the said location is named after, has not yet commented on the matter. The building currently serves as his administration transition office.

Some analysts believe that the name change is a form of digital protest against Trump winning the US presidential election.

Amid the technology giant s quick response to the problem, the fix did not reflect immediately on Google Maps for all users. In some cases, the location is still labeled as Dump Tower even if users searched for Trump Tower after Google has released the fix. It was fully resolved by Sunday morning.

Inaccuracies often occur on Google Maps since the company is open to third party contributors to build and solidify the service further. Consequently, Google has to make fixes every now and then.

On Friday, Alphabet has gained 0.16%, closing at $780.23. Meanwhile, Twitter has dipped 0.88%, closing at $18.06.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Amazon.com, Alphabet Inc, Facebook Inc Among Outperformers From Online Holiday ... The online holiday season kicked off into high gear this Thanksgiving weekend with much fanfare. Even though the peak holiday shopping has only started, Cantor Fitzgerald cites several sources that have tracked the Black Friday-cum-Thanksgiving weekend, showing a strong trend in the e-commerce sector this year.

The firm states that online shopping in the United States grew by a robust double-digit growth rate this year, in line with the firm s estimate of 16% to 18% growth this year. Strength in online was mainly bolstered by mobile use that ascribed to more than half of all web shopping traffic and more than a third of all sales so far.

Market research data from both comScore and Adobe supports this, with Adobe pegging the weekend at $5.27 billion. Pacific Crest s research team expects notable outperformers to include online players such as Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), in addition to large omnichannel retail chains.

The one-day shopping event for today   Cyber Monday   is also expected to hit a record $3.36 billion in online sales, according to Adobe, retaining its spot as the highest grossing day of the season. While there are still 27 days until Christmas, the investment firm states that this healthy trend has kept it optimistic on all its top picks, including Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB), Amazon and Google.

For the weekend, mobile strength powered growth in online visitation of e-commerce websites and ultimately sales. Overall, mobile drove 55% of all visits to retail sites on Black Friday, with mobile phone ascribing to 45% on online visits, while tablets made up 10%. In terms of monetary spend, mobile ascribed to 37% of total sales for the two shopping days combined, which reflects a growth of 300 basis points.

The firm writes,  We believe that the shift to mobile is likely driven by a combination of factors, including in-store comparison shopping, improving mobile experiences and larger mobile screen sizes. A key beneficiary of mobile appears to be Amazon, which disclosed that smartphone sales on Black Friday exceeded Thanksgiving and beat last year s Cyber Monday and Black Friday. 

The firm reiterates its bullish target prices and stock ratings of Buy on all its top picks, namely Amazon, Facebook and Google. Google Play Music and YouTube Red Unveil Four-Month Free Trial Offer Published By: Ken Bock on November 28, 2016 10:32 am EST

As per Black Friday traditions, Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) has rolled out a promotional offer for its Google Play Music service, as well as YouTube Red. Now, 9to5 Mac confirms that the tech giant will allow first-time users of its streaming service to access the platform for four months of free trial. Interested users can find out more details on the Google Play Music website.

Since the company s music platform hopes to further bolster the trend of music streaming, its decision to roll out such an offer for Black Friday sales works as a great marketing push for the service. With rival services like Apple Music and Spotify constantly finding means to lure more users to their services, we believe that such a promotional offer has the potential to help Google Play double upon its number of current users.

Like the three month free trial option, users opting for the promotional offer will automatically be signed up for the company s $9.99 per month plan once they exceed their four-month deadline. Since this allows users to make use of the service till the beginning of 2017, there is a chance that Google Play Music will successfully manage to give Spotify and other rival services a good run for their money. Compared to the usual 30-day free trial period, four months is a long, and effective, time span to really get users dependant on the service.

Considering that Google has been working tirelessly to tweak the layout for the service, it is evident that most of the updates made to the service have been done as a pre-planned marketing strategy. Recently, Google Play Music received updates for iOS, Android, and web versions. By fixing up the visual elements of the service, we believe that Google s efforts will pay off and help the tech giant ramp up on its number of users in the future. This could mean that 2017 could be a turning point for the streaming service altogether.

Subsequently, with a four-month free trial for YouTube Red, it is apparent that the offer works the same as the  two birds, one stone  phrase. By targeting Black Friday and Cyber Monday enthusiasts, Google s latest offer will surely be the talk of the town. However, the company confirms that this offer is only available for those users who are totally new to the service. Those users who have previously cancelled their subscriptions do not have the option of accessing the platform for a free trial version. 
2016-12-19
Predictions - 2017 One things for certain - Most predictions will prove wrong when we ring in 2018.

By David Nelson, CFA

Once again it's that time of year when financial firms lay out their predictions for the incoming year. I've played the game and while it's fun putting a target on the DOW (NYSEARCA:DIA) or S&P 500 (NYSEARCA:SPY), most will prove wrong when we ring in 2018.

In the days and weeks ahead you're going to hear bullish predictions that seem out of touch with reality to perma-bears predicting a massive correction or bear market. If you keep saying the same thing over and over again, eventually you'll be right.

Let me put that on the back burner for the moment and focus on what professionals are really talking about.

Will it be Macro or Micro events that drive the bulk of 2017 returns?

The above is a conversation taking place at financial institutions around the world. Will it be a geopolitical event or a series of them that drive markets from Risk On to Risk Off and back again? Or, will we finally get back to traditional money management focused on fundamental returns and economic outcomes?

Post the financial crisis, investor performance was largely driven by central bank policy both here and abroad. Fixed income and stocks were in strong bull markets with central bank policies around the world supporting both.

Pay no attention to the man (or woman) behind the curtain





Sure, we had the occasional geopolitical setback with a terrorist attack or currency crisis causing the hiccup. But in the end, it was central bank policy that ruled the day. Post the crisis Bernanke, Yellen, Draghi and Kuroda all took turns playing the Wizard or man behind the curtain. The only thing that mattered was if central banks were accommodative and how much.

Last week's meeting confirmed what we already knew. The Fed, after a long delay has changed course raising the Fed Funds rate for the second time in a decade. We'll have to wait and see if the captain's order came in time but I suspect that the long overdue process of monetary policy handing the baton to fiscal policy has begun.

Of course, the process has started but is no guarantee that fiscal proposals actually become working policy in the months and years ahead.

I'm very encouraged many of the economic proposals discussed by the incoming administration will help drive GDP. However, I've been in this job long enough to understand that there is a huge economic divide between rhetoric and policy. Political compromise has been with us since the dawn of the Republic and I suspect will be a driving force in the years ahead.

Inflection Point

2016 may prove to be an inflection point for markets and maybe for management styles as well. It's pretty clear this was the year that Growth (NYSEARCA:IVW) finally gave up the thrown to Value (NYSEARCA:IVE). For the last several years investors have been crowded into a handful of stocks still exhibiting secular growth and willing to pay almost anything for the privilege. While I believe most of the FANG stocks Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) will perform well, I doubt it will be to the exclusion of all others.

While much has been made of the fact that Value has trounced Growth since Election Day, the peak for this trade really took place at the end of last year.

Another changing dynamic was the rise in rates along with Financials (NYSEARCA:XLF) coming months before the election beginning just after BREXIT in June. The great rotation has likely begun with bond bears like Jeff Gundlach taking a victory lap.

Even with the obvious headwinds for fixed income there are titanic forces in place to prevent a complete collapse of U.S. bonds. On a relative basis, they may not be attractive especially against stocks with dividends close to ten year rates but when compared to international sovereign counterparts, they look like a home run.

Consumer Staples Still at Risk?

The rotation that should continue is out of Consumer Staples (NYSEARCA:XLP) with dividends only somewhat higher than the index while offering little or no organic growth. Coca Cola (NYSE:KO), and many of the food companies fall into that basket. Short of potential M&A activity I find it difficult to make a case for the sector. Shorts, may have as tough time as longs with bankers focused on combining slow growth companies looking for synergies to reduce costs and increase shareholder return. (Expect more mergers in this sector)

While central bank policy may slowly be moving to the sidelines investors still have the inevitable geopolitical challenges to endure. Most will prove transitory creating opportunity but some will force us to change course.

My Prediction

I'm going to approach the challenge this way. Like any pilot, I look at weather reports before stepping into the plane knowing full well that any forecast is no guarantee of clear skies. I may be forced to change course even altering my destination.

Here's my prediction. I'm going to work as hard as I can, as long as I can to get the best investment outcome for investors. I know full well that some of these decisions will be right and some will be wrong.

There's only one thing worse than being wrong, "It's Staying Wrong!"

Happy Holidays everyone.

*At the time of this article funds managed by David Nelson were long $GOOGL, $FB & $SPY

Disclosure: I am/we are long SPY, FB, GOOGL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Google Gains Regulatory Clout Washington DC will not just be getting a new administration in January, it will be inheriting an entirely new ideology. Many companies stand to benefit from reduced oversight and lax regulations. Among the best situated to prosper in the new administration will be Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). With ongoing antitrust concerns, Google might be perfectly positioned with regard to some of the appointments being made to the Trump administration and certain developments abroad.

While some people could be inclined to think that a notoriously liberal company like Google would find unfriendly figures in a highly conservative administration, that does not appear to be the case in relevant federal agency appointments. Given the company's past and ongoing antitrust concerns, the commissioners appointed to various agencies could demonstrably impact future operations. Trump spoke to some antitrust issues on the campaign trail, but investors shouldn't parlay that rhetoric to actual policy. They should, rather, look at his actions as president-elect. The teams he has appointed to handle the transition are opposed to more governmental interference in the market. Think Friedman's economic theory on competition. Among the most important regulatory appointments - for Google - are those nominated to the Federal Trade Commission and Federal Communications Commission.

At the FTC, the transition team is led by former FTC commissioner Joshua Wright, who abruptly resigned last year. Wright's past suggests, with a high degree of certainty, that he will be friendly to Google. He was apart of the FTC commission that decided not to take action against Google, despite recommendations from the enforcement division to do so. Wright authored four studies which explicitly concluded that Google raised zero antitrust concerns. Google also happened to fund those studies to the tune of roughly $750,000. Wright is currently an attorney with Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, the law firm which regularly represents Google as outside counsel on competition matters. Given his consistently pro-Google stances and revolving positions working for Google (or Google's interests), it is unlikely Wright will recommend FTC commissioners interested in enforcing antitrust concerns against Google. Someone who has focused much of his/her professional career defending a company is unlikely to recommend FTC commissioners with wildly disparate views.

Congress has not approved any new commissioners to the FTC in years. As a result, the agency has three openings (Chairwoman Ramirez is remaining until the end of 2016). A forth appointment comes up in early 2017. The transition team will be vetting four candidates that will likely fit a more conservative approach to antitrust. The fifth commissioner, who is not up for reappointment, is highly conservative and fundamentally disbelieves in the authority of the agency. With recent reports that the FTC was again looking into Google, the makeup of the commission is of immense significance to the company's shareholders.

In the second quarter of 2016, reports from company insiders noted that the FTC's enforcement division was requesting information related to Google's search algorithms. The algorithms correspond to the company's website business, which represents 70.2% of revenues. The fact finding is similar to what was conducted during the 2013 inquiry. In the 2013 case, the FTC enforcement divisions found that the company purposely promoted Google websites over those of competitors and used its market size (roughly 70% marketshare) to pressure advertisers to only use Google Adsense. An adverse finding by the FTC, or strict enforcement of the 2011 or 2013 consent orders, could materially harm "Google website" revenues.

The practical likelihood of the FTC enforcing the existing consent orders or filing a CID (civil investigation demand) are implausible if the Trump appointed transition members hold to their existing ideologies in how they select appointees. This won't increase Google's future revenues, but importantly, it protects them from a potentially substantial decline.

The DOJ also has jurisdiction over antitrust issues. The FTC is independent of the DOJ and can work on separate issues or work alongside the DOJ, federal attorneys and state AGs. Assessing the new DOJ officials is a more complicated task given the contentious nature of the Attorney General nominee, Sen. Jeff Sessions. Sessions does not have a robust public record on antitrust issues, but ideologically he is free market driven. The confirmation process should shine greater light on his views. Investors should be watching for the topic of antitrust and, more broadly, to see if he is confirmed since the Senate denied his last federal appointment during the Reagan Administration.

On the FCC front, the presidential transition is being led by several telecommunications lobbyists. The commission, also beset by Congressional refusal to approve new commissioners, has three seats that need to be filled. Among the top priorities of those leading the effort to fill the openings is the desire to overturn the 2015 net neutrality decision.

The FCC decision on net neutrality is both positive and negative for Google, which is why the firm has taken a relatively hands-off approach to the matter. While Google has "paused" their fiber business, if they were to restart that initiative, they would benefit from reduced regulations. On the other hand, a reversal would give ISPs greater power in an arena largely dominated by Google today (control over internet content and accessibility). The "front end" aspect of net neutrality, regulating ISPs like utilities, is a positive for Google because it reduces costs, especially for YouTube, which uses significant bandwidth. The "back end" portion of the ruling, however, could limit Google. It would essentially give ISPs the ability to prioritize some companies over others. For examples Verizon (NYSE:VZ) is set to purchase Yahoo (NASDAQ:YHOO) and thus could boost that search provider over others.

A similar desire to deregulate is sweeping across much of Europe as right-leaning politicians are gaining increasing power in almost half of the 28 member states of the EU (France, Italy, the UK, Switzerland, Germany, Austria, Hungry, Latvia, Lithuania, Finland and others). This matter concerns Google because of the company's ongoing antitrust suit in the European Union (actually three separate suits). EU regulations are immensely more complex than those in America, which can be easily overturned. The European Union employs a vast oversight apparatus that regulates virtually every matter of commerce and life in the member states. The current competition commissioner for the EU is progressive on regulatory overview and has taken a strong stand against anticompetitive behavior. Notably, the competition commission fined Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) $14.5 billion for failing to pay taxes. While Google continues to litigate with the EU over antitrust concerns, they could postpone any action (it's already been years) until a newer, and likely more conservative, commission takes control in 2019. The company could see any potential anti-trust suits greatly reduced if that scenario plays out.

As a reminder, Google was accused of anti-competitive practices six years ago by the European commission on competition. In April 2015, the commission formally brought suit against the company over the dominance of Android, which has a much larger market share in Europe than the US (about 75%). In July of this year the commission added additional charges regarding Google AdSense practices. With Google formally rejecting the charges, the case is now heading to European court where the EU commission has the option of bringing significant fines. Alphabet doesn't break down Google's revenue for Europe specifically, but EU law allows the courts to assess fines of up to 10% of global revenues. That could amount to as much as $7.4 billion. Given the commission's willingness to go after big fines (ie Apple), the seven-billion dollar figure is not entirely unthinkable. A $7.4 billion fine would impact estimated FY2017 net income of $28.6 billion by 25% and shave $10 off FY2017 estimated EPS of $41.

Europe is undoubtedly going through a more conservative phase. That is evidenced by the elections in the UK, France, Italy, Austria and virtually every single EU nation where conservative parties are gaining significantly. That translates to increasing probabilities of a more conservative EU commission in 2019. Google can very reasonably appeal an adverse EU decision until 2019, where a suit could be renegotiated with a more conservative commission on competition.

Why is a more conservative commission more likely to settle? One of the main philosophical differences between conservatism and progressivism is the role of government in our lives. Progressives believe in Keynesian economic theory where the government's role is to enact rules on fair competition and ensure those rules are adequately enforced. This promotes free and fair competition which benefits consumers and small/new businesses. Economic conservatism is largely shaped by Friedman's economic theory of limited government, where private businesses compete against each other with little (or no) government interference. Consumers will then reward the best companies, thus incentivizing firms to provide the best products/services at the fairest prices.

The progressive EU commissioner on competition views her role as protecting consumers and competitors of Google from their unfair dominance. A conservative commissioner would ideologically approach his/her role as allowing consumers to make the determination as to whether Google is acting fairly. The second is clearly more beneficial to Google (and their bottom line). That is why having a spat of conservatism take over Europe is a net positive in regard to the antitrust suit. Google can easily appeal an adverse ruling on its antitrust case for years while the political system becomes more favorable to the company's interests.

Of course, the ability to reduce litigation reserves would be a boost to EPS. Unlike Europe which has a central and streamlined regulatory system with relatively clear cut rules, U.S. regulators are constantly fighting for subject matter jurisdiction. In regard to Google's business concerns, the FTC, DOJ and FCC have authority over privacy rights and competition. HHS also has a degree of jurisdiction on privacy (in matters of health privacy). With a reduction in enforcement outlined by transition teams for all three agencies, Google can worry less about compliance with each agency's oversight.

The regulatory matters discussed here are unlikely to grow the top line. They are, however, serious concerns to how the company operates and how the shares trade. Think of Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) pre 2001 versus Microsoft post 2001. The only real difference was an adverse antitrust finding in the US. That is the potential consequence if investors do not pay attention to compliance matters. Despite amazing growth, a company like Microsoft or Google can see share prices dramatically impacted by negative antitrust litigation. In-depth research requires investors to understand potential liabilities regarding Google's proprietary algorithms and use of consumer information. Using consumer data for targeted advertising is, of course, core to Google's business. Restrictions are how Google uses consumer information is likely if any settlements are reached in Europe. Less restrictions on how that private data can be used is a plus for the company in terms of growth.

The company currently trades around early November levels. With the FTC looking into Google again, the stock should have traded at a discount to the S&P prior to the election. Now, with a transition team stacked with former Google lobbyists and lawyers, shareholders can breathe a sigh of relief. With six new FTC and FCC appointments looming, the agencies will almost certainly take dramatic turns away from strengthening existing laws to allowing a more free market approach. Simply put, less government is good for Google shareholders. In Europe, a wave of conservatism will theoretically benefit the company in future negotiations with regulators.

Many of the points outlined above are scenarios that are likely to play out, but are not certainties. Congress could reject some hardline appointments (although that is exceedingly unlikely given the ideological makeup of the 115th Congress). Trump could shake up his transition team advisors before any appointments are publicly announced. Lastly, Europe could shift back to political norms and continue with a progressive EU commission in 2019. Each of these specific scenarios would fundamentally alter the aforementioned prospects for Google on antitrust matters. That being said, the above analysis will be the most likely prospect facing Google in the future. The antitrust matter is Europe will likely be appealed and negotiated under more favorable circumstances in the future. US regulators will not push antitrust concerns. All of this spells a friendly future for Google shareholders.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Alphabet Inc: Could Google Stock Surge in 2017? By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : December 19, 2016

Google Stock Outlook 2017

Markets have been on tenterhooks ever since Google morphed into Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG). Investors were confused about what it meant for GOOG stock, but everything is becoming clear. We can now say why it happened, and what it means for Google stock in 2017.

But before we go further, here s a taste of what s in store for the Google stock price in 2017:

A new business segment potentially worth tens of billions of dollars. A new service that could be as popular as  Android.  A new device that could be bigger than the  iPhone. 

Each of the above represents a  trigger point  for Google stock. When a new technology or product reaches its critical mass, the  trigger point  fires, propelling the share price skywards.

You ll recognize it when you see it. One second there will be calm; the next, every two-bit investor is scrambling to buy the same stock. It s herd mentality, plain and simple. The market is phenomenal at ignoring emerging technologies until the last possible moment.

But the moment those technologies become undeniable, investors become rabid.

We can lay out a time frame when these events could come to pass, but obviously trying to forecast the exact moment of a trigger point is a fool s errand. No one has a magic 8-ball.

Anyone who tells you that they know exactly when something will happen is either a liar or a fool.

Steer clear of those charlatans. Think in terms of the next decade. What technologies are going to explode in popularity? Which company is best positioned to exploit that popularity? Once you know the answers to those questions, you can sit back and relax.

The rest happens like clockwork.

Let me give you an example. In the fall of 2015, there was mounting excitement about new technologies like virtual reality (VR) and self-driving cars. A lot of analysts were bullish on the potential of these devices, as they should have been. Both technologies are going to be huge.

But most of them missed a crucial connection. Both driverless cars and VR devices had something in common: they both require advanced graphics cards. Self-driving cars need to understand the world around them, and that requires graphics cards.

Likewise, VR needs to give you the impression of being submerged in a digital world. That also requires excellent graphics cards. We saw that connection. We understood its importance and, more to the point, we understood which company was best positioned to win that industry: NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA).

Chart courtesy of StockCharts.com

Since that time, NVDA stock has tripled in value. It shot up 204% in the 12 months since we turned bullish on the graphics card maker. But here s the best part: both driverless cars and VR haven t reached their  trigger points  yet; these gains were just the tip of the iceberg.

But what does all this have to do with our Google stock forecast 2017? Let me explain 

#1  Trigger Point  for Google Stock Outlook 2017

Earlier in this article, I mentioned or rather hinted at three trigger points which could send GOOG stock surging in 2017. I also mentioned two questions that needed answering:

What technologies are going to explode in popularity over the next decade? Which company is best positioned to exploit that popularity?

Based on extensive research (and conversations with industry insiders), we have identified three tech trends that are closing in on their  trigger points. 

As for the second question, the answer seems a little obvious. We clearly believe that Google stock will profit from these  trigger points,  or else we would have chosen a different stock to feature in this article.

But now let s get into the details. The first of our three  trigger points  is an emerging technology trend which has slipped under the radar: Healthcare. I know what you re thinking what could a technology company do to impact the healthcare industry?

As it turns out, there s a lot that a tech company can do for advancing diagnostic treatments. In this case, Google is making use of a company it acquired in 2014. The company, DeepMind Technologies Limited, was focused on  deep learning algorithms  and  neural networks. 

You may know those terms better by their more common name: Artificial Intelligence (AI).

There are a lot of companies hopping on the AI bandwagon, but Google has the cleverest strategy. It has embedded AI software into a range of healthcare apps that will help doctors detect diseases quicker and with greater accuracy. The potential for GOOG stock is amazing.

Imagine if you go in for a routine checkup at your doctor s office. They do a few scans, the doctor barely glances at them, and then he sends you on your merry way. Fast forward a few years. You re in for another routine physical, but this time they diagnose you with acute kidney injury.

Even with the best doctors that money can buy, there s no guarantee that anyone could have predicted your affliction. So it s not exactly the doctor s fault. But that doesn t help your situation.

Google thinks that artificial intelligence (AI) or  deep learning algorithms,  to be more accurate can help solve this problem. Its app basically churns through millions of kidney scans. Eventually it begins to understand how the disease evolves, which helps predict diseases earlier on.

Does it sound too good to be true? Well, apparently the National Health Service in the U.K. doesn t think so. It is already using the app to catch early acute kidney injury. (Source:  NHS to use Google DeepMind AI app to help treat patients,  Engadget, November 22, 2016.)

It was a relatively small piece of news, so it hasn t seeped into the Google stock price yet. However, the additional revenue from healthcare institutions could send GOOG stock skyrocketing in 2017.

The  trigger point  is all that s left.

#2  Trigger Point  for Google Stock Outlook 2017

The second major catalyst for Google stock is self-driving cars. Autonomous vehicles. Driverless tech. Whatever you call it, this trend is fast approaching its  trigger point.  Just look at the search traffic for the keyword  autonomous car :

Chart courtesy of Google Trends

As you can see, interest in self-driving technology jumped dramatically over the last five years. This isn t an accident. Companies like Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) and Uber Technologies, Inc. have made some high-profile investments into driverless technology.

But they weren t the first. Google was the real pioneer of self-driving technology.

More to the point, Google is in a better position to win than Tesla or Uber. Rather than spending a bunch of cash on building cars. Google is just licensing the tech to existing manufacturers, much like it did with the Android operating system. (Source:  Google and Fiat agree to build a driverless minivan,  The Telegraph, May 3, 2016.)

When the smartphone wars reached their peak, Google didn t just try to build its own hardware. It developed an open-source platform that other manufacturers could build on top of. It was a brilliant move that paid huge dividends. GOOG stock price has more than doubled since.

Likewise, big automakers like Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (NYSE:FCAU) and Toyota Motor Corp (ADR) (NYSE:TM) have already agreed to license driverless tech from Google.

Based on the success of Android, Google stock could be in for a huge tailwind once driverless tech has its  trigger point.  That scratches number two off our list, leaving us with one more  trigger point  to explore.

#3  Trigger Point  for Google Stock Outlook 2017

Virtual reality is the third and final  trigger point  for GOOG stock. The technology is inching its way towards critical mass but, at present, only hardcore gamers and tech junkies have bought a VR system. That could soon change, much to the benefit of Google stock price.

Older and less tech-savvy consumers aren t familiar with VR. To many of them, it sounds like science fiction. But rest assured that VR devices aren t a thing of the distant future they are available through Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and in Best Buy Co Inc (NYSE:BBY) stores around the country.

You can strap on one of these headsets and fall into another world. As someone who owns a VR headset, take it from me: this device is phenomenal. It is like nothing else you have ever experienced, which is why Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) estimates a potential market size at $80.0 billion.

My only complaint is the limited amount of content.

Think about it: customers aren t willing to shell out hundreds of dollars for a device when there are only a handful of games or movies to watch. They d rather wait until more content is developed.

The good news is they won t have to wait long. Production studios are tripping over each other to establish a foothold in the VR market. All of them know that VR devices could be bigger than the iPhone was in its heyday, so they experimented with new  VR experiences. 

Google is taking full advantage of its monstrous size in the VR world. Its first product was an inexpensive VR headset called  Cardboard.  It was exactly what it sounds like: a cardboard foldout headset that you put together and attach to your smartphone. It cost only $20.00.

Unlike its competitors, Google knew that customers were skittish about VR. So it gave them a low-risk option with  Cardboard.  If customers didn t take well to VR, big deal. What s $20.00 in the grand scheme of things? By contrast, competitors were selling VR gear for $600.00 to $1,600.

But excitement for VR is building. The technology is speeding toward its  trigger point  and Google knows it. In response to renewed interest in VR, the company has unveiled the  Daydream,  a high-quality VR viewer.

Granted, at $100.00 per unit, Daydream is more expensive than Cardboard, but customers are more familiar with VR now. They have access to more content and improved quality, so it makes sense for them to shell out the cash.

Moreover, this makes sense from a business standpoint. Google is ramping up its product offerings alongside the VR trend. This way, GOOG stock could be perfectly positioned when VR has its  trigger point. 

In summary: Google stock is on the cusp of extraordinary gains. This stock has already gleaned enormous returns for investors, but VR, autonomous cars, and AI could send GOOG stock soaring in 2017. Merrill Lynch Out With 11 Top Stock Ideas for 2017 The clock is ticking on 2016, and what a year it s been. With the S&P 500 looking like it may be a double-digit winner, as it is currently up over 10%, investors and portfolio managers are turning their eyes to 2017. With the holidays right around the corner, you can expect volumes on Wall Street to grind lower. We also expect capital gains to be more likely taken next year, as many expect the Trump administration to offer some relief in that area, which could push the market higher into January.

A new research report from the outstanding Savita Subramanian and her team at Merrill Lynch presents the firm s 11 top stocks to buy for 2017. They chose one from each sector that tend to align with the big price themes and quantitative work the analysts have done. All are rated Buy at Merrill Lynch.

Alphabet

The search giant continues to expand and is even working on a driverless car now. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL) provides online advertising services in the United States, the United Kingdom and rest of the world. It offers performance and brand advertising services, and it operates through Google and Other Bets segments. The Google segment includes principal internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as technical infrastructure and newer efforts, such as virtual reality.

The Google segment also sells hardware products, comprising Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus. The Other Bets segment includes businesses such as Access/Google Fiber, Calico, Nest, Verily, GV, Google Capital, X and other initiatives.

The Merrill Lynch price objective for the stock is $1,025, and the Wall Street consensus target is $966.88. Shares closed Friday at $809.84.

Citizens Financial Group

This is Merrill Lynch s top financial pick for 2017. Citizens Financial Group Inc. (NYSE: CFG) operates 1,200 branches, primarily throughout 11 states across the New England, Mid-Atlantic and Midwest. It has consolidated total assets of $137 billion, ranking as the 13th largest bank in the United States by assets. It offers a broad range of retail and commercial banking products and services to more than 5 million individuals, institutions and companies.

Shareholders receive a 1.36% dividend. Merrill Lynch has a $38 price objective, and the consensus target is $32.86. Shares closed Friday at $35.40.

Devon Energy

This company is expected to have a substantial portion of its total 2016 production in natural gas, and it also resides on the Merrill Lynch US 1 list. Devon Energy Corp. (NYSE: DVN) an independent energy company, primarily engages in the exploration, development and production of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGLs) in the United States and Canada. It operates approximately 19,000 wells. It also offers midstream energy services, including gathering, transmission, processing, fractionation and marketing to producers of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil and condensates through its natural gas pipelines, plants and treatment facilities.

Devon Energy s third-quarter results set the tone for a very solid November after the company reported core earnings that were nearly double what Wall Street analysts were expecting. Fueling that result was the company s continued ability to push down operating costs, which are now 37% below peak rates.

Shareholders receive a 0.5% dividend. The Merrill Lynch price target is $61, and the consensus target is $50.69. Shares ended Friday at $47.02. Fiat Chrysler, Waymo complete production of 100 Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid minivans  
2016-09-15
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Google Doodle Encourages Children To Predict Future  Alphabet Inc: Bracing for Impact in GOOG Stock By Patrick Brik, BAS Published : September 15, 2016

GOOG Stock: Buying Opportunity?

Market volatility is the order of the day. Volatility at this time of year usually ends in some sort of crescendo of selling that comes on high volume. By the time this plays out, many are left wondering exactly what happened, and the media has a field day as nothing grabs headline like bad news. When selling finally reaches this climax, all shares, even Google stock (Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)) get punished.

In anticipation of such an event, I like to see where support lays, as I have learned in my many years in this business that selloffs present great opportunities to pick up shares before the next upswing. In some cases, these events provide second chances to get in some names that may have passed me by. Google stock is one of them.

The following chart illustrates the long-term trend in GOOG stock.

Chart courtesy of StockCharts.com

The trend line that has supported the price of Google stock since inception is actually quit breathtaking. That is why I always use multiple timeframes when I assess a bias on a particular position. As long as GOOG stock is trading above the uptrend line, my bias will be bullish and I will be looking for a bullish trading setup to exploit. This may seem a bit too simplistic but, from my experience, I find that the best strategies are the most simple ones.

The trend line currently sits at just over $700.00. A dramatic selloff could take shares down greater than 10% and the long-term trend would still be intact. This level will need to be watched with great anticipation, just in case a selling event does take place.

Aside from the time of year that may act as a catalyst, the trading action above the trend line supports the bullish premise. See the following weekly chart of GOOG stock.

Chart courtesy of StockCharts.com

GOOG stock has been trading within a trading range for approximately one year, and is now at the top of the range and is testing that level. Bulls are hoping for a breakout. The bulls  hopes of a possible breakout have increased because, In July 2016, the moving average convergence divergence (MACD) generated a bullish cross.

MACD is a simple and effective trend-following momentum indicator. Signal line crossings are used to distinguish between bullish and bearish signals. These signals give a trader a heads up regarding the direction of momentum. Longer timescales serve to smooth out signals and reduce the number of signals that are found on daily or hourly charts.

The bears  hopes are centered around the current turmoil in the markets, and they are hoping that the selling will accelerate.

If we look even closer into the trading action, there is some constructive patterns currently in play, as the following short-term chart using a one-hour scale illustrates.

Chart courtesy of StockCharts.com

Google stock is currently trading in a tight range, bound by the old highs and the support created after GOOG stock posted a gap up, post-earnings. This level needs to hold in order for the bulls to have any chance at making new all-time highs.

The share price of $785.00 is proving to be a critical level of support, as any selling of this level is quickly rejected. Google stock needs to close above $815.00 for the trend higher to continue. A close below $785.00 would most likely signal that the gap in share price is going to be filled, thus a move to just under $770.00 is expected.

Since September is on average the worst-performing month of the year, if Google stock can maintain this level into October, the bulls might receive the new highs they seek.

The Bottom Line on Google Stock

I am bullish on Google stock, and only a break of the longer-term trend will change my bias. The current short-term picture is slightly clouded by seasonality and the inability of GOOG stock to follow through at the top of its trading range. If the selling pressure does continue, I am anticipating a test of the longer-term trend line. Alphabet Inc Might be in a Tax Scandal Similar to Apple Inc. Published By: Ken Bock on September 15, 2016 01:38 pm EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) might have ended up in the middle of a tax scandal as the Indonesian government suspects them of having unpaid taxes. The company didn t cooperate after it was sent a letter by the authorities in April. The letter was sent for examining the company s tax reports.

The company can t blame anyone other than itself for the tax spotlight. Muhammad Hanif, the head of special cases branch in the tax office stated that the company s actions raised suspicions after it refused to examine the tax reports. The probe into the company s taxes would not be done before the end of the month.

The government also asked Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ:YHOO), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), and Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) to send their tax reports. However, these companies complied with the government requests and sent their reports promptly. Had Google also sent its reports on time, the company would have had nothing to worry about. The government rightly has suspicions as they gave the company all the options before announcing the probe into the files.

Companies such as Google and Yahoo have created Limited Liability Companies (LLC) in the country which exempts them from paying full taxes. The creation of LLCs has allowed the companies to have less taxable income. The Indonesian Government believes that companies such as Google and Yahoo owe more taxes to the government as they generate more than billions of dollars.

The government wants companies such as Google, Yahoo and Facebook amongst others to pay more on their digital advertising. The value of the amount spent on digital advertising last year in Indonesia was estimated to be around $800 million; all of it was untaxed according to the ministry. The allocated tax by the company was only 4% of the total revenues, which the government claims is unfair. They further go onto say that the country cannot rely only on commodity-related income and must ask these multinational companies to aid them in giving more taxes.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has also been operating in tax havens such as Ireland, and has recently been into a tangle itself with the government. However, Apple has suffered a severe blow in its case as MEPs from the local government backed the EU s finding that the country had offered aid to the company, which was illegal. 
2016-07-22
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Takeover of Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) Just Become ... 

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Takeover of Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) Just Become More Likely



Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Takeover of Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR)

7-22-2016

"

[F]or the kickoff of the Republican National Convention next week (and coming in time for the Democratic National Convention the following week), when you search for these events on the Google app, you'll find a summary of the event, nominees and the lineup of speakers."



You'll also find a livestream video from YouTube, and relevant social media posts, so you can stay up-to-date with both the political parties and the public. " Source: Official Google Blog [F]or the kickoff of the Republican National Convention next week (and coming in time for the Democratic National Convention the following week), when you search for these events on the Google app, you'll find a summary of the event, nominees and the lineup of speakers."You'll also find a livestream video from YouTube, and relevant social media posts, so you can stay up-to-date with both the political parties and the public.

While Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) may be the most valuable company in the world, accounting for difference in cash balances between it and Apple, there is one area that Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) is able to compete with Alphabet Inc. and that is real-time communiques. It's that unique space that Twitter holds that could have just now made the company a takeover target for Alphabet.This is a fascinating side-by-side comparison and a reveal of how powerful Twitter Inc. has become in just the last month. With that power may have come an impetus for Alphabet Inc. to make the long awaited, or at least speculated, move to takeover Twitter.Twitter Inc. is now famously known for its unique ability to deliver real time communiques. With a sack full of new live streaming deals ranging from the NFL, NBA, MLB, MLS and Wimbledon to Bloomberg TV and college athletics, Twitter Inc. has turned things around. But there is one example of a head-to-head comparison between Twitter Inc. and Alphabet Inc. that is "apples-to-apples," and we're not so sure Alphabet Inc. wins this one. It's that head-to-head competition that may have just made Twitter Inc. a target for a takeover.Twitter Inc. announced a partnership to live steam the republican and democratic national conventions. That partnership delivered exactly what it reads like -- live footage of the conventions surrounded by live tweeting. It was a wonderful experience and just the beginning of the newly defend Twitter Inc. identity.Here's what Alphabet Inc. did -- these are snippets directly from the official Google blog:So there we have it, a direct and equivalent competition for the same event and the same technology that is live streaming. While almost any other comparison between these two companies would likely swing wildly in Alphabet Inc.'s favor, we must ask ourselves if that is the case with this event.And, if this is a legitimate competition for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and its YouTube property for one live event, then perhaps Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) is now a legitimate competitor more broadly with the most powerful company in the worldThe next logical step when we see a side-by-side competition between two companies that are in fact cooperating on a large scale through Google search and Twitter's tweets, is to wonder if perhaps a takeover is due. While Twitter's CEO, Jack Dorsey, plainly said that Twitter Inc. was not looking for a buyer at the most recent Twitter shareholder meeting, that doesn't mean Alphabet Inc. isn't interested in a takeover.In this case, it's a fair analytical question to pose, whether Alphabet Inc. is now more likely to make a bid to acquire Twitter Inc. (NYSE:TWTR) since the two are competing directly, as opposed to a friendlier coopetition. Given Facebook's dominance in the social media realm and Alphabet's failure with Google Plus, we could list dozens of reasons for a takeover.For a Friday afternoon, an Alphabet Inc. takeover of Twitter Inc. is a fun place to let our minds go. It might also be a good place to do further research. Canaccord's 2Q Earnings Preview: Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN), Facebook Inc (FB ... Next week is going to be a big week for internet stocks as Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are all poised to release earnings reports. Canaccord analyst Michael Graham weighed in, providing his expectations on the four internet giants.

Michael Graham is ranked #105 out of 4075 analysts on TipRanks. He has a 58% success rate recommending stocks with an average return of 11.9% per recommendation.

Amazon.com, Inc.

Graham discusses his views on Amazon s second-quarter earnings release, set for Thursday, July 28, 2016. Overall, the analyst expresses strong confidence in Amazon s business model and expects continued strength.

Graham wrote,  Q1 was perhaps Amazon s best quarter in recent memory, and it will be a tough act to follow. All segments performed well, however, and we are expecting more of the same in Q2. We are generally comfortable with our 24% revenue growth outlook for Q2, which is down from 28% in Q1, and believe there is a decent chance the company is set up for another strong quarter relative to consensus. We see the biggest risk as being international eCommerce CSOI margin, where we are looking for a sequential uptick in Q2. 

Graham rates AMZN a Buy, with a price target of $765, which represents a slight upside potential from current levels.

Out of the 35 analysts polled by TipRanks (in the past 3 months), 32 rate Amazon stock a Buy, while 3 rate the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 12%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $831.76.

Facebook Inc

Graham also weighed in on Facebook ahead of its second-quarter earnings release on Wednesday, July 27. The analyst sees Facebook as a best-in-class advertising company, and rates the stock a Buy with a price target of $150.

Graham stated,  Facebook continues to be a sector favorite within Internet. It is one of the few names excelling on every level, from user growth (despite its large scale) to engagement improvements to advertising leadership to adjacent platform buildouts that should extend the growth trajectory. We think user growth will continue to hold up this quarter. At a minimum, engagement should remain strong as the company continues to improve the user experience with more video (and a lot of livestreaming initiatives). Additionally, the company does not seem to be slowing its ad innovation, making more local, more dynamic, and more engaging ads available to marketers. Based on third party data, we expect pricing to be solid in the quarter as well. 

According to TipRanks, out of all that analysts who have rated the company in the past 3 months, 95% gave a Buy rating while 5% remain neutral. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $147.95, marking a 23% upside from where shares last closed.

Twitter Inc

Graham provides his expectations for Twitter s 2Q earnings, set to release on Tuesday, July 26. Overall, while the Twitter investment case has been tough, the analyst is cautiously optimistic that the stock may represent a nice blend of very low sentiment and the bottom of an operational trough.

Graham noted,  While user growth has stalled, there is still a core group of users that make the platform one of the best at breaking real-time news and events. Up until last quarter, it also had stable advertising revenue growth but reported Q1 deceleration of 14 points in the y/y ex-FX growth rate and guidance was below expectations. This is due to the shift to higher quality ads (like video) and away from legacy units (like Promoted Tweets), which is causing some ad budget changes and cannibalization. While it will affect the company for a few quarters, it will hopefully lead to a long-term trend that allows Twitter to compete with other platforms for ad dollars and raise prices based on improving marketer ROI. 

The analyst rates Twitter a Buy, with a price target of $20, which implies an upside of 9% from current levels.

According to TipRanks  statistics, out of all the analysts who have rated Twitter in the last 3 months, 8 rate Twitter stock a Buy, 17 rate the stock a Hold and 4 recommend Sell. With a slight return potential, the stock s consensus target price stands at $18.71.

Alphabet Inc

Graham provides his predictions for Google s second-quarter earnings report, set to release on Thursday, July 28. Overall, the analyst believes that websites growth expected to stay above 20% as ad innovation is not slowing.

Graham predicts,  For the most part, we expect the primary 2015 story to prevail again in 2016: that mobile and YouTube are driving Websites revenue growth higher (back to 20%). Alphabet is one example (Facebook being the other) of having a best-in-class online advertising player still innovating at the pace of startups. We continue to track a steady release of advertising updates, improvements, and launches. From what we can tell, a large portion now seems to focus on mobile and video. With the core operating at an increasingly efficient level (we estimate Google segment margins hit 40% in the next two years), the capital efficiency within Other Bets is a welcome development that could lead to years of high revenue growth and moderate margin expansion. 

According to TipRanks, all 24 analysts who have rated the company in the past 3 months are bullish. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $921.93, marking a 22% upside from where shares last closed. Alphabet Inc: The Only Reason You Need to Be Bullish on Google Stock By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : July 22, 2016

Google Stock Gets a Boost from AI Software

Have you ever regretted not investing in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) back when it was Google Inc? Do you ever wish you could turn back time just to cash in on Google stock s meteoric rise to a gain of 1,045.35%?

If so, don t worry. Google s advertising business may have matured, but the company is still on track for massive growth. Its newest product, with its near limitless applications, has taken the roof off Google stock.

No idea what I m talking about? Let s start from the beginning 

Google became the most dominant search engine on the planet because it delivers the most relevant results. To  Google  something is so common that the Oxford English Dictionary even made it an official verb.

Yet most people have no clue why or how Google works so well. The more you use Google search, the better results it provides but have you ever stopped to wonder why?

There s no mystery to it really. Google simply developed software that learns. It gets smarter with each search and click. That s what s incredible. Google stock was basically the first major investment for artificial intelligence (AI) software.

We didn t call it AI at the time, but that s exactly what it is. Now that AI software has become a major draw for Silicon Valley investors, I expect to see many more AI stocks hitting the market.

What s in it for Google? The company wants to power this entire AI revolution.

The company released an open-sourced platform for AI-powered app development. Any company can now harness the power of Google s artificially intelligent software by going to www.tensorflow.com. All the tools are there.

Google launched the platform in November 2015, and it s already a smash hit. Based on information from GitHub, it is currently the most popular platform among software developers. (Source:  Google Sprints Ahead in AI Building Blocks, Leaving Rivals Wary,  Bloomberg, July 21, 2016.)

What does that mean for investors? Google stock could skyrocket.

If software developers love the platform, they build apps for it and more apps equals greater success. Just ask BlackBerry Ltd. The company didn t make things easy for app developers, so its stock plummeted.

But here s the most important thing: AI can be applied to almost every company in almost every industry. It is basically a way of making your business smarter and more efficient, so there s no reason for any firm to avoid accepting the inevitable.

If you aren t convinced, take a look at these two ways that Google is applying its AI software.

How Google Is Using AI to Boost GOOG Stock

1. Through IT Services

Google is already using AI-powered applications as bait. It s the company s way of luring new clients into the Google Cloud, which is still lagging behind Microsoft Corporation and Amazon.com, Inc. s cloud computing solutions. Google is obviously hoping that companies will jump at the chance to use its AI products while also renting out the company s servers. These are high-margin businesses, so I expect them to send Google stock soaring over the next 18 months. (Source:  Google Uses AI to Lure New Cloud Customers,  The Wall Street Journal, July 20, 2016.)

2. Catching Diseases Early

Healthcare is one of the most important applications for AI. For instance, Google has signed a partnership with the NHS Moorefields Eye Hospital in Britain that will hopefully aid in the early detection of eye degradation.

Google will feed one million anonymous eye scans through its software. The AI program will analyze the images to spot a pattern of how eye problems develop. Doctors will then use that information to try and identify and treat warnings signs before they cause too much damage. If these projects are successful, Google could draw in a ton of healthcare clients and we all know healthcare companies pay top dollar. (Source:  Google s DeepMind AI to use 1 million NHS eye scans to spot diseases earlier,  ArsTechnica, July 5, 2016.)

The Bottom Line on AI and Google Stock

The rise of AI-powered software is inevitable. In fact, I think the impact of artificial intelligence is big enough to create a fourth Industrial Revolution. Think about it: 200 years ago, we could plough a field or build houses with manual labor, but tractors and cranes made it much easier to do so. Much in the same way, AI will enhance the intelligence and efficiency of almost every business on the planet. It is the next big leap forward.

So, to circle back to my initial point, don t stress over having missed Google stock s first wave of growth the next wave of growth is still to come. Apple Inc. Wins Back Title of "World's Favorite Company" from Alphabet Inc's ... Published By: Ken Bock on July 22, 2016 01:25 pm EST

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has wrestled back the title of the  World s Most Favorite Company  from Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google in FutureBrands  Rankings for 2016. FutureBrands conducts the study with 3,000 individuals that include consumers as well as industry experts and professionals.

The respondents are given 1,000 companies to choose from, as they rank their favorite company based on attributes such as Personality, Consistency, Trust, Innovation, Price Premium, Resource Management, etc. After giving them attributes to rank, the respondents are then asked to place the company on a scale of personal preference that ranges from Distant and Passionate at the extreme ends, with Indifferent, Close, and Admiration in between.

Along with Apple, the other four companies in the top five feature mighty firms from a variety of sectors, with Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) standing at 2nd, Samsung Electronics (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) standing at 3rd, Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) coming in at 4th, and AbbVie Inc. finishing the top five. Both Apple and Microsoft have jumped a place from last year s rankings to stand 1st and 2nd, with Samsung jumping four places from last year to leapfrog tech industry giants like Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and make the top five.

As for last year s top-standing company Google, it only managed the 21st place as the parent company Alphabet Inc., with a lack of awareness amongst the masses possibly the reason for its massive decline with a change from Google to Alphabet. Other companies in the top ten also feature Toyota Motor Corp., Celgene Corp., and Gilead Sciences Inc.

This can be considered as a huge leap for Apple, as it has been fighting for this place since Alphabet took that away from the iPhone maker. It can easily be said that the Californian smart phone maker is on the right track and some positivity can be expected out it now. 
2016-12-24
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO Lawrence Page Sold $5'.' million of Shares CEO of Alphabet Inc ( GOOG ) Lawrence Page sold 66,664 shares of GOOG on --/--/- -6 at an average price of $799.9 a share. The total sale was $5'.' million.

Alphabet Inc through its subsidiary Google Inc is engaged in improving the ways people connect with information & products including Search, Android, YouTube, Apps, Maps & Ads. It also produces internet-connected home devices & provides internet services. Alphabet Inc has a market cap of $54'.44 billion; its shares were traded at around $788.47 with a P/E ratio of -.-' and P/S ratio of  .-5. Alphabet Inc had an annual average EBITDA growth of -7.  % over the past -  years. GuruFocus rated Alphabet Inc the business predictability rank of 5-star

CEO Recent Trades:

CEO, - % Owner Lawrence Page sold 66,664 shares of GOOG stock on --/--/- -6 at the average price of $799.9. The price of the stock has decreased by -.4'% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,    shares of GOOG stock on --/--/- -6 at the average price of $797.7. The price of the stock has decreased by -.-6% since.

CEO, - % Owner Lawrence Page sold '',''- shares of GOOG stock on --/- /- -6 at the average price of $8 4.9-. The price of the stock has decreased by -. 4% since.

CEO, - % Owner Lawrence Page sold '',''- shares of GOOG stock on --/-9/- -6 at the average price of $8 -.65. The price of the stock has decreased by -.77% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,    shares of GOOG stock on --/ 7/- -6 at the average price of $76-.78. The price of the stock has increased by '.'7% since.

Directors and Officers Recent Trades:

SVP, Corporate Development David C Drummond sold -,    shares of GOOG stock on --/--/- -6 at the average price of $794.9'. The price of the stock has decreased by  .8-% since.

President, - % Owner Sergey Brin sold '','4  shares of GOOG stock on --/ 5/- -6 at the average price of $767.77. The price of the stock has increased by -.7% since.

VP, Alphabet Corp. Controller James Grier Campbell sold -94 shares of GOOG stock on --/ -/- -6 at the average price of $744.59. The price of the stock has increased by 5.89% since.

President, - % Owner Sergey Brin sold '',''- shares of GOOG stock on --/ -/- -6 at the average price of $756.--. The price of the stock has increased by 4.-7% since.

Director Ann Mather sold 45 shares of GOOG stock on --/ -/- -6 at the average price of $76-.-'. The price of the stock has increased by '.59% since.

For the complete insider trading history of GOOG, click here

.About GuruFocus: GuruFocus.com tracks the stocks picks and portfolio holdings of the world's best investors. This value investing site offers stock screeners and valuation tools. And publishes daily articles tracking the latest moves of the world's best investors. GuruFocus also provides promising stock ideas in 3 monthly newsletters sent to Premium Members

This article first appeared on GuruFocus . 
2016-11-14
Alphabet Inc: This Could Hammer Google Stock By Stephen Karmazyn Published : November 14, 2016

Trump Effect Is Hurting Google Stock

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) stock dropped two percent on Monday as many investors continue to worry about President-elect Donald Trump s effect on tech giant stocks, with one popular investor going as far as calling them  a bubble. 

Jeff Gundlach is not keen on Google stock, or any other big tech stock, for that matter. In an interview with CNBC who described Gundlach as a  legendary fixed income investor  he was bearish on the future of traditionally lucrative shares. (Source:  Jeff Gundlach says FANG stocks are  a bubble,  buy financials on Trump instead,  CNBC, November 11, 2016.)

 I do think industrials, materials and financials are the sectors.   Financials I like for the obvious reasons, a real simple thesis, I heard it on CNBC over and over again. I agree with it. The yield curve has been steepening, it s positive for financials. Of course the Trump win, around the edges, means less pressure on regulation of banks,  Gundlach told CNBC.

He went on to advise that investors stay away from popular tech tickers like Google stock in a big way.  I think the FANGs [stocks] are a bubble frankly. 

Gundlach is not alone among the tech stock doomsayers, but others are still bullish on these tickers, especially Google stock. Martin Sosnoff of Forbes, for instance, views Google stock as a good buy.

Sponsored Advertising Content: Big Tech Stocks Poised for More Growth

 Go back over a decade to Google s debut as a public company,  wrote Sosnoff,  followed by Facebook and then Alibaba and include Amazon. Internet stocks proved felicitously playable. Alphabet, formerly Google, exhibits a trajectory over 5 years at 200%, albeit it now trades 8% off recent months  high. From inception, over 10 years ago, we are talking about 20 times around the clock.  (Source:  Alphabet Vs. Amazon: Whose Numbers Sing Sweeter?,  Forbes, November 10, 2016.)

Much like at many other large tech companies, there s a lot of concern at Alphabet Inc about just what Donald Trump will mean for the tech industry in general, including Google stock.

And to make bad things worse for Alphabet, the company s drone delivery deal with Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX) fell through last week. (Source:  Alphabet Taps Brakes on Drone Project, Nixing Starbucks Partnership,  Bloomberg, November 8, 2016.)

It hasn t exactly been Alphabet s week. But then again, it has been a lot of other people s week as the shakeup following Trump s surprise victory continues to ripple across both the market and American politics. Alphabet Breaks Below 200-Day Moving Average - Notable for GOOGL In trading on Monday, shares of Alphabet Inc (Symbol: GOOGL) crossed below their 200 day moving average of $760.64, changing hands as low as $745.10 per share. Alphabet Inc shares are currently trading down about 2.9% on the day. The chart below shows the one year performance of GOOGL shares, versus its 200 day moving average:

Looking at the chart above, GOOGL's low point in its 52 week range is $672.66 per share, with $839.00 as the 52 week high point - that compares with a last trade of $748.53.

According to the ETF Finder at ETF Channel, GOOGL makes up 6.11% of the iShares U.S. Technology ETF (Symbol: IYW) which is trading lower by about 1.6% on the day Monday.

Click here to find out which 9 other stocks recently crossed below their 200 day moving average   George Soros buys stakes in Alphabet, Netflix, dumps Disney, General Motors  BRIEF-Soros Fund Management takes share stake in Alphabet, dissolves stake in ... Nov 14 Soros Fund Management:

* Soros Fund Management dissolves share stake in General Motors - SEC filing

* Soros Fund Management takes share stake of 11,305 shares in Philip Morris International Inc

* Soros Fund Management cuts share stake in Ebay Inc by 52.9 percent to 822,251 shares

* Soros Fund Management takes share stake of 12,700 class C capital shares in Alphabet Inc - SEC filing

* Soros Fund Management dissolves share stake in Viacom - SEC filing

* Soros Fund Management takes share stake of 213,600 shares in T-Mobile - SEC filing

* Soros Fund Management takes share stake of 685,500 shares in Intel Corp

* Soros Fund Management takes share stake of 10,859 shares in PepsiCo Inc

* Soros Fund Management ups share stake in Whirlpool Corp by 133.5 percent to 46,700 shares

* Soros Fund Management cuts share stake in American Airlines Group Inc by 90.8 percent to 27,200 shares

* Soros Fund Management - change in holdings are as of September 30, 2016 and compared with the previous quarter ended as of June 30, 2016 Source text for quarter ended Sept 30, 2016: (bit.ly/2favD6w) Source text for quarter ended June 30, 2016: (bit.ly/2aWXNSz) Google Music Update Overhauls Entire Platform; Adding Machine Learning ... Today, Google Music unveiled a major overhaul of their application which may help substantially in becoming the service become a major player in the music streaming business. The new update, which has been launched on both iOS and Android, brings new features, an updated UI, and more notably a machine learning-based recommendations system.

Apple Music and Spotify already have algorithm based music recommendations, but Google will now provide that and then some. The new machine learning system will recommend you music based on your location, activities, and even weather. For example, if a user is at the airport, the service may recommend you music which may help you unwind, and the weather could even factor the selection of the music. And Google gathers a plethora of anonymous data on its users; with machine learning the recommendations offered could be very accurate.

The new application will also now automatically download new and recommended tracks to your phone so that you have music even if you forgot to download the songs manually.

Things are starting to heat up in the music streaming industry. Just today, Amazon also began the rollout of its music streaming service, Amazon Music Unlimited to international markets like the UK, Germany, and Austria. Apple Music was also overhauled with iOS 10 and Spotify has been continually adding new features to retain current users and attract more. With rumors of Apple Music cutting down the price, this competition is very likely to make music streaming more accessible for the end consumer. Also, such competition almost always favors the users in the long run. 
2016-07-11
Google Stock Split History: The Most Controversial Stock Split Ever This article was updated on Jan. 27, 2017, and originally published July 11, 2016.

Many successful companies have done stock splits during their histories trading on the stock exchange, and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has shared its bounty with shareholders by splitting its shares. However, the company behind the Google search engine broke new ground by using an unusual stock split structure, and the precedent it set has encouraged other companies to use a similar strategy in their own decisions to split their shares.

Let's take a look at the Google stock split before the company renamed itself and what implications it has for Alphabet today.

Google's history of stock splits

The history of Google's stock splits since its 2004 IPO is short but sweet:

Date of Split Split Ratio March 27, 2014 2 for 1

One of the most interesting things about Google's stock split is just how long it took for the company to move forward with actually splitting its shares. The company first announced the split in early 2012. However, in an unusual move, Google shareholders challenged the split, arguing that its unique structure was against shareholders' best interest. That lawsuit was settled in late 2013, paving the way for the eventual split the following year.

Why was Google's stock split so controversial?

The issue some investors had with Google's stock split was that it didn't follow the usual pattern. Rather than simply doubling the number of shares outstanding, Google took the opportunity to create a brand-new class of shares, known as Class C shares. The idea was to distribute one new Class C share for every outstanding Class A share that public shareholders owned. In addition, insiders owning Class B shares would also receive Class C shares in the split.

The perceived problem with Class C shares is that Google set them up to have no voting power. By doing so, the founders were able to do a stock split and get Class C shares as a result, which they could then sell or otherwise dispose of if they so chose, and still be able to retain their majority voting control of the tech giant. Pension funds and other institutional investors found that arrangement objectionable, and their lawsuit sought to stop the company from doing so.

The eventual settlement of that lawsuit allowed the stock split to go forward, but it also provided for compensation in the event that the Class C shares traded at a discount of more than 1% from Class A shares over the first year they both traded. In the end, an average discount of between 1% and 2% prevailed, and so Class C shareholders received small payments from Google to compensate them for the alleged damage from the split.

How the split has gone

At times, the disparity between Google Class A and Class C shares has been far wider. As you can see in the chart below, there have been periods during which the difference between the two stock prices amounted to more than $30 per share, or more than 5% at then-prevailing prices.

Recently, the difference has narrowed somewhat. Based on the chart above as of January 2017, the Class A shares fetch about a 3% premium compared to the Class C shares, reflecting investor ambivalence to the idea that their voting rights have much value.

The fact is, even the voting rights Class A shares have are relatively meaningless. The insider-owned Class B shares still have majority control over the company and will continue to do so as long as their owners maintain the discipline not to sell them off. That will give them complete control over Alphabet as it moves forward. Most shareholders are comfortable with that idea, given the long-term returns the stock has provided.

However, some investors are troubled that the move Alphabet made has caught on with other companies. Most notably, Facebook proposed last year a similar structure for its future stock split, and many companies have embraced multiple classes of shares that allow management to retain voting control while divesting the majority of the economic interest in their companies.

Alphabet has delivered solid returns to longtime investors, and the stock split that gave them shares of a new class of stock broadened their ability to hold on to voting or non-voting shares as they saw fit. Regardless of which shares you own, Alphabet's future prospects look bright, and future stock splits might well come once share prices start to approach the $1,000 mark once again. New Leak Reveals Design And Specs Of Upcoming Alphabet Inc Nexus Devices Published By: Ken Bock on July 11, 2016 09:10 am EST

Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) hotly anticipated to release its latest flagship smartphones next month. Now, another leaked image has surfaced which shows the design of the new Nexus devices, which are being developed by HTC. The two devices are codenamed Marlin and Sailfish, and the new leaked render shows the design of the two upcoming devices.

According to the report by Android Police, the two devices will distinguish only in terms of size and will boast the same hardware and design. These Nexus devices will take design cues from HTC s latest flagship and will be completely made from metal. Unlike previous Nexus devices, the new flagships will not have the Nexus logo on the back; they will have  G  symbol instead. Unlike last generation s Nexus smartphones, the device will not have a rear camera bump. The new devices will also have fingerprint sensors on the back panel.

According to the leaked render, the biggest change will be on the back shell of the device, where the top part of the rear shell will come with a glossy plastic covering needed for the internal radios. This design is similar to HTC s EVO 4G LTE, which also featured a gloss-finished plastic covering on the top half of the device. The report also stated that the rear camera will feature three holes on its side, which are expected to house sensors, such as autofocus and OIS.

After the leaked image surfaced, Android fans did not wait to lash out at Google for rather hideous design of the new Nexus devices. The devices are expected to come in different color options, and will come with an all metal design, high-end hardware and stellar performance. If leaked renders are correct, the new Nexus devices might be the ugliest devices yet. 
2016-11-04
Alphabet Inc: This GOOG Stock Trend Line is all that Matters By Patrick Brik, BAS Published : November 4, 2016

GOOG Stock: Bearish Headwinds

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock has a cult following, as it should, considering that this company has created great wealth for those who identified GOOG stock as a great investment.

Google stock made a new all-time high in October as shares hit $816.68, and I was expecting and hoping for more of a follow-through. The lack of follow-through, coupled with the price action that followed, has raised some concerns with regards to the trend in Google stock. Now GOOG stock is negative on the October results, and market indices are all under selling pressure.

The market indices have been trading sideways for the last two months, but market breadth has been decisively negative, and new lows have been outpacing new highs. This deterioration of the internals began in September, and it seems like it will not end until the indices wash out and test lower levels.

The selling pressure that is mounting could be caused by the uncertainty with regards to the presidential election and the looming fed rate hike. Both events can cause distinctive shifts in macroeconomic policy, and this can have dramatic effects on markets and the economy.

Until these uncertainties are resolved, the markets will remain under pressure and the path of least resistance will be lower. I would be looking for key levels of support in GOOG stock that could help me define the bigger-picture view on this investment.

The following Google stock chart illustrates the price action that initially raised some concern.

Chart courtesy of StockCharts.com

Google stock was trading in a tight consolidation range that was defined by two parallel lines highlighted in blue above. In October, GOOG stock broke above this channel, and this indicated that a new trending phase was set to begin. The price action quickly failed, and this failure is the cause for my concerns. Even though the selling pressure is marketwide, this pattern is still a failure, and lower prices are now expected.

The 200-day moving average is the dividing line between stocks trading in a bull market versus stocks trading in a bear market. When the share price is above the moving average, it is bullish; when the share price is below the moving average, it is bearish. It is not uncommon for this moving average to act as support as it is tested from above. This would be the first place I would be looking at to find possible price support.

The following Google stock chart is the most important, as it illustrates the only trend line that matters.

Chart courtesy of StockCharts.com

The Google stock chart above illustrates the uptrend that has supported the price since GOOG stock first went public and began trading. The trend line is created by connecting the valleys on the price chart, and it symbolizes the entire bull market in Google stock. This chart is simply beautiful, as it moves from the lower left to the upper right.

The financial crisis in 2009 set off panic selling, and this trend line was born when Google stock finally bottomed. Google stock has never traded below this trend line, but it has tested it on many occasions. Buyers have continually supported the stock as the price tested this trend line. This line should act as support if it is tested once again, but a failure to hold this level might indicate that something more sinister is going on.

The Bottom Line on Google Stock

Market turmoil caused by uncertainty with regards to the presidential election and looming interest rate hikes have caused broad-based market weakness. The failed breakout is my primary cause for concern, and I am looking for levels of support that could halt Google stock s slide. I would reduce my position in GOOG stock, hoping to re-enter at support or when conditions become more favorable.

Sponsored Advertising Content: Click Here To Get Free Report On  Big Tech Stocks Poised for More Growth  Alphabet Inc.'s DeepMind Working on StarCraft II AI Blizzard and DeepMind, which was acquired by Google in 2014 and is now a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc., have just announced opening up StarCraft II for AI research. DeepMind was the company that made AlphaGo, which beat Lee Sedol, a grandmaster of Go, in a best-of-five showmatch with a score of four to one. They hinted at possibly having a BlizzCon champion, some year, do a showmatch as well, which would be entertaining.

StarCraft II is different from Go in three important ways. First, any given player knows what they scout, which they apparently will constrain these AI to honor. Second, there are three possible match-ups for any choice of race, except random, which has nine. Third, it's real-time, which can be good for AI, because they're not constrained by human input limitations, but also difficult from a performance standpoint.

From Blizzard's perspective, better AI can be useful, because humans need to be challenged to learn. Novices won't be embarrassed to lose to a computer over and over, so they can have a human-like opponent to experiment with. Likewise, grandmasters will want to have someone better than them to keep advancing, especially if it allows them to keep new strategies hidden. From DeepMind's perspective, this is another step in AI research, which could be applied to science, medicine, and so forth in the coming years and decades.

Unfortunately, this is an early announcement. We don't know any more details, although they will have a Blizzcon panel on Saturday at 1pm EDT (10am PDT). No more Google Capital: Alphabet VC arm now called CapitalG Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -0.09% [s:googl] announced Friday afternoon that it would change the name of its venture-capital arm from Google Capital to CapitalG. Google changed the name of its larger company to Alphabet last year, making that an umbrella name for all of the Web giant's ventures, though the Google division -- which includes search, YouTube and Android, among other large businesses -- is still the most important. The Google Capital division is separate from Google in the Alphabet structure. "Though our name has changed, our goal remains the same: to make returns-driven investments in leading companies around the world," the company said on Twitter in announcing the change. The name change comes with a new website, www.capitalg.com, and new Twitter handle, @capitalgtweets. UK's CMA says reviewing contract terms for cloud storage providers  
2016-01-10
How Alphabet, Inc. Gained 45% in 2015 What: Shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) had a great year in in 2015. According to data from S&P Capital IQ, the non-voting class C shares gained 44.6% and the vote-enabled class A stock rose 46.6%.

So what: Apart from giving Wall Street's earnings estimates a sound beating in the last two quarterly reports, the company did two things in 2015 to inspire shareholder confidence:

The company formerly known as Google restructured under the name Alphabet. Now Google is one of several independent operating units under that new umbrella.

CFO Patrick Pichette retired to spend more time with his family -- no, really -- and was replaced by Ruth Porat. Alphabet's new CFO was previously CFO of Morgan Stanley. Having run the numbers for a megabank with some $400 billion of assets under management, she certainly has the know-how to fine-tune Alphabet's global operations and make the tech giant more Wall Street friendly.

Now what: In the chart above, you see Porat's influence making waves in the middle of July. Yes, Alphabet beat analyst targets in that second-quarter report, but more important, that's when Porat laid out her cards.

Under Ruth Porat's steady hand, the company is now managing its expenses with a lot more fiscal restraint. It's not pure cost-cutting, but a more responsible approach to making new bets and hiring people. The company has also warmed up to the idea of shareholder-friendly initiatives, authorizing a $5 billion stock buyback program in October.

We'll also have more reason to appreciate the Alphabet makeover:

Starting in the fourth quarter with our move to segment reporting, we intent to provide additional detail for Google on the one hand, and all the other Alphabet businesses on the other hand. We refer to those other Alphabet businesses as Other Bets.



We expect Other Bets to include among others Access and Energy, Nest, Life Sciences, our investment arms and X, which is where driverless cars and certain other incubation efforts reside. Specifically, we intend to disclose -- for both Google and Other Bets -- revenues, profitability, and CapEx. -- Ruth Porat, in Alphabet's third-quarter report

In other words, the new structure lets Google/Alphabet provide more transparency and more detailed financial reports, aside from making business moves not related to online operations without spooking shareholders.

And that's how Google became Alphabet and crushed the market in 2015. J&J and Google Form New Company For Surgical Robot Venture NEW BRUNSWICK, NJ Consumer giant Johnson & Johnson (J&J) and the parent company of Google have formed an independent surgical solutions company to produce innovative, yet cost-effective, robotic-assisted systems for surgery, J&J said on December 10.

Verb Surgical Inc., the name of the new company, is funded by investments from J&J s Ethicon medical devices subsidiary, J&J Innovation - JJDC, Inc., and a research organization now called Verily   the new name Alphabet has chosen for its life sciences unit.

Google, which has since changed the name of its parent company to Alphabet Inc., and J&J first announced a  strategic collaboration" this past March to leverage their combined expertise and use technology to build a robotics platform with many potential surgical applications and benefits.

"We believe Verb Surgical has the potential to change the future of surgery, not just robotic surgery," said Gary Pruden, worldwide chairman, J&J s medical devices group in a news release.

J&J says that Ethicon, with its  deep expertise in minimally invasive surgery and advanced instrumentation,  is designing the surgical tools for the new venture.

But Alphabet will provide the software and sensor technology needed to run the systems.

 We think we can use some of our machine vision and image analysis software to help surgeons see better as they operate or make it easier for them to see information that s relevant to the surgery at just the right time,  said a Google spokeswoman in March.

Ethicon is confident that its basic prototype, completed last year, will be highly successful against competing products on the market.

The typical size of robotic systems are the size of a compact car and surgeons need to operate the control panels about 10 feet away from a patient, but Verb s robot will reportedly be about one-fifth the size.

While the cost of systems being produced by rivals, and available now, can be as high as $2 million, Verb s system will cost less, yet be more powerful.

"I'm very excited about the possibilities   By maximizing the distinct capabilities of [Ethicon and Alphabet], we aim to develop novel technologies and solutions to help improve the standard of care,  said Scott Huennekens, President and CEO, Verb Surgical.

While J&J is headquartered in New Brunswick, Verb will be based over 3,000 miles away from Hub City, in Mountain View, California.

Huennekens previously served as CEO of an intravascular-imaging company called Volcano Corporation from April 2002 to February 2015.

Financial terms of the new company, a joint venture, have not been disclosed. 
2016-05-17
Alphabet Tests Ride-Sharing App in the US (GOOG, GOOGL) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL), the parent company of Google, is once again stepping on the toes of Uber Technologies Inc., Google Ventures' largest single investment. The Wall Street Journal reports that the company unveiled a pilot program Monday which will allow some Bay Area riders to carpool using its popular Waze app.

Waze, which Google bought in July 2013, is an Israeli navigation app that provides information on road conditions. Users in Tel Aviv have been able to share rides through a companion app, Waze Rider, since July 2015, and the service is now available across Israel. Alphabet takes a 15% cut of drivers' revenue there.

The company says it will not charge San Fransisco-area users, who will include Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) and Adobe systems Inc. (ADBE) employees, commissions during the testing phase. Riders will pay drivers $0.54 per mile. (See also, Alphabet's Key Ventures Beyond Search.)

Alphabet has not detailed any long-term plans for the program. Ride-sharing through Waze differs in a couple of key respects from the service Uber offers: it is a commuter service, rather than a taxi app, with drivers limited to two rides per day   to and from work   and one passenger per ride. Like Uber, Alphabet says it will not conduct background checks on its drivers.

Google invested around $258 million in Uber in 2013, leading a round that valued Uber at around $3.8 billion post-money. The company's valuation now exceeds $60 billion, and it is Google Ventures'   another division of Alphabet   largest investment. David Drummond, Alphabet's senior vice president for corporate development, sits on Uber's board, and Google Maps is integrated with Uber's app.

Alphabet's stake in Uber has raised questions about the search giant's strategy, since the companies also compete in developing mapping technology and self-driving cars. Asked about this contradiction by Bloomberg in April, Google Ventures CEO Bill Maris dodged the question. When pressed, he said, "We don't compete, we're the investors."

The development comes at an inconvenient time for Uber, just days after Apple Inc. (AAPL) announced a $1 billion bet on its Chinese rival Didi Chuxing. Didi enjoys the backing of internet giants Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd. (BABA) and Tencent Holdings Ltd., as well as the $600 billion Chinese sovereign wealth fund. Didi has partnered with Uber's rivals in other markets, including India's Ola and Grab, which is based in Singapore and operates throughout Southeast Asia. Uber's American rival Lyft Inc. has also teamed up with Didi.

Alibaba's Ant Financial, on the other hand, has announced a payment partnership with Uber that will allow Chinese users to pay in yuan anywhere in the world. Alibaba's willingness to partner with Uber despite its stake in Didi is comparable to Alphabet's position regarding Uber, showing that relationships between companies in the rapidly-changing ride-sharing landscape are sometimes neither partnerships nor rivalries, but a bit of of both. 
2016-04-27
Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Google Accused Of Preferential Promotion Android, being one of the world s leading smart phone OS, has been put into legal trouble by the European Union Commission for exploiting its dominance. EU has accused Google Inc. (GOOGL) for being anti competitive and misleading for providing biased search results, i.e. artificially favoring its own shopping service.

Margreth Vestager, EU Competition Commissioner, declared official statement regarding the law suit where she alleged Google of cheating customers and compelling phone manufacturers through financial enticement to incorporate its applications in their phone in exchange of permitting the access to Google s play store and forcing the customer to use Google Chrome as the default search engine.

Talking about European competition law, the commissioner further stated about Google influencing the consumer s ability to search and purchase in its own interest and showing biased results to the searches being made. According to EU, it has been happening on a systematic basis regardless of whether it is the most relevant result. The challengers have stated that the web giant is harming the trust of general public by abusing its dominance in the worldwide web.

Google clearly denied the accusations but the analysts predict that Google shares might face turbulence until the matter of contention is sorted out while Google s adversaries are demanding an immediate investigation of the issue from the U.S antitrust agency. As per the accusations, preplanned installation of Google apps would amount to a number of dollars that Google makes through its web traffic.

An official competition commission is soon to be launched to investigate the matter. The investigation could take up to five years and as a result, Google might face the punishment in the form of paying a compensatory amount to EU of about 6.2 billion Euros that makes up of 10% of Google s annual sales.

The results of law suit might be damaging for Google Inc. but there have been multiple antitrust cases in the past as well that Google is fighting in the EU and hopes to come out clean by declaring its revenues and strategies against the online business giants such as Amazon. Google Stock: Why Alphabet Inc Is a  Myth-Buster Stock  By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : April 27, 2016

A Closer Look at Google Stock

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) took a beating after the company s first-quarter earnings came out last week. Google stock fell by six percent in just five days!

Markets turned bearish on Google despite solid earnings growth and a great underlying business. I ve seen the same thing happen to a lot of great companies. The business keeps making more and more money, but the stock plummets.

As I ll explain today, this happens frequently on the stock market. Even the best of companies can fall prey to a bad narrative. I call them  Myth-Buster Stocks. 

Trading on these  Myth-Buster Stocks  is pretty simply. It takes only two steps, and the gains can be enormous. Let me explain 

Look for a company that missed its earnings mark Stretch your investment horizon

Google stock fell after earnings because the projected earnings were wrong. There was nothing bad about the firm s performance, but it fell short of analysts  expectations.

And on Wall Street, there is no greater sin than missing an earnings mark. Capital will flow from your stock like Niagara Falls.

Google had the audacity to deliver $7.50 a share on $20.26 billion in revenue. Shame on them! SHAME! The market was predicting $7.97 a share on $20.37 billion. (Source:  Alphabet earnings: $7.50 per share, vs expected EPS of $7.97,  CNBC, April 21, 2016.)

On a serious note, this makes some sense. Research firms piece together bits of information to form a picture of the company s business. They build a model and that spits out an estimate. If Sherlock Holmes was into finance, this is probably what he d be doing.

But then a news agency publishes the median estimate. That s where things get tricky. Until that point, the predictions were little more than educated guesses. But the weight and cachet of major news outlets transform these guesses into a narrative.

The mainstream media love drama and urgency, so they build the educated guesses into a myth. Instead of this just being one marker in a long road, this earnings announcement is now the most important thing ever. That is the myth: urgency and drama.

They make it seem like the fate of Google hangs on this one announcement. And that level of urgency has consequences. When Google s results fall short of expectations, they are viewed as a failure. Of course, the stock plunges.

Now the mainstream media gets to write about Google as an underperforming stock. Why did Google miss earnings? Is growth slowing at Alphabet Inc? The false narrative feeds on itself, driving fear and uncertainty. But only in the short term.

Over the long term, all myths give way to facts. Valuable companies can shake a bad narrative given the right amount of time. These companies are  Myth-Buster Stocks. 

Google is definitely one of the  Myth-Buster Stocks.  It is a $500-billion whale that still pulls in exceptional growth. It s breaking new ground in driverless car technology and it employs the smartest people in the world.

All those things will be true beyond this announcement and the next. Rather than trading for short-term gains, you can save yourself a lot of money and pain by extending your investment horizon. Alphabet Inc.'s (GOOGL) YouTube Homepage Revamped for iOS and Android Published By: Myrna Salomon on April 27, 2016 08:10 am EST

Alphabet Inc.'s (GOOGL) YouTube apps for iOS and Android have been updated again and the biggest changes you will notice right from the go is that the Home page and recommendations tab with relevant videos have been tinkered.

From now on, YouTube will display large images of recommended videos right on the Home page, which replaces the thumbnails displayed previously for recommended content and related to the videos a particular user has shown any interest in recently. The Home page feed now closely resembles the Trending tab, which already displays large images of videos which have already engaged a lot of users, and are attracting a lot of interest currently.

The changes made to the Recommendations feed will now mean that the user will not have to choose from a wide variety of videos all of which he/she could be interested in, but the cluttered interface may ward him/her off of them. Instead, the content on Home page would reflect the user s recent interest more closely, meaning the videos displayed will be numbered and fewer, but the user will be more inclined to watch them as it is all fresh content.

The latest Recommendations stream is powered by what Google calls  deep neural networks  that wield the ability to learn, and evolve, as they go resulting in constant improvement. What it means for the users, is that as time passes, and their views are clocked into this new Home page stream, the videos filtered for the Recommended section would be more and more in line with their interests, resulting in less time spent sifting through videos and more time spent actually watching them. 
2016-11-10
Should You Mimic Kamunting Street Capital's Bets On Alphabet, Inc (GOOG ... Kamunting Street Capital Management, L.P. is a Connecticut-based hedge fund founded in 2004 by Allan Teh. The fund focuses on public equity, fixed income, and alternative investment markets internationally. Kamunting s portfolio was valued at $43.5 million as of the end of the second quarter. In the third quarter, the fund posted an impressive 18.69% return from its long positions in 8 companies which had a market cap of $1 billion or more on June 30. We ll take a look at four of those positions in this article, in Alphabet, Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), American Airlines Group Inc (NASDAQ:AAL), Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (NYSE:GS), and Endo Health Solutions, Inc (NASDAQ:ENDP).

Out of the nearly 660 funds tracked by Insider Monkey which had at least 5 long positions in $1 billion companies on June 30, 627 of them delivered positive returns in the third quarter from those stock positions, with Kamunting ranking as one of the top performers. It should be noted that our calculations may be different from the fund s actual returns, as they do not factor in changes to positions during the quarter, or positions that don t get reported on Form 13Fs, like short positions.

First on the agenda is Alphabet, Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), in which Kamunting increased its holding in the company s class A shares by 3% in the second quarter, ending the period with a total of 23,425 class A shares of the internet giant in its portfolio. The total value of the investment stood at about $16.48 million on June 30 and ranked as the fund s top pick. The stock returned 12.3% during the third quarter.

At the end of the second quarter, a total of 126 of the hedge funds tracked by Insider Monkey were long Google s class C shares, an 11% drop from the end of the first quarter of 2016, while 135 were long its class A shares. Of the funds tracked by Insider Monkey, Boykin Curry s Eagle Capital Management has the most valuable position in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), worth close to $1.28 billion, comprising 5.5% of its total 13F portfolio. Sitting at the No. 2 spot is Southeastern Asset Management, led by Mason Hawkins, holding a $669.8 million position; the fund has 6.8% of its 13F portfolio invested in the stock. Other peers with similar optimism consist of John Armitage s Egerton Capital Limited, Stephen Mandel s Lone Pine Capital, and Andreas Halvorsen s Viking Global.

Follow Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Follow Google Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Trade (NASDAQ:GOOG) Now!

Follow American Airlines Group Inc. (NYSE:AAL) Follow American Airlines Group Inc. (NYSE:AAL) Trade (NYSE:AAL) Now!

Kamunting Street loaded up on American Airlines Group Inc (NASDAQ:AAL) in the second quarter, increasing its holding in the company by 131% to end the quarter with a total of 211,300 shares of the company, which had a total worth of about $5.98 million at the end of June. Those shares shot up in value in the third quarter, as the stock returned 29.7%.

The number of bullish hedge fund bets on American Airlines retreated by 5 in Q2, to close the quarter at 56. Among these funds, Adage Capital Management held the most valuable stake in American Airlines Group Inc (NASDAQ:AAL), which was worth $178.2 million at the end of the second quarter. On the second spot was Stelliam Investment Management which amassed $174 million worth of shares. Moreover, Masters Capital Management, Cyrus Capital Partners, and Highland Capital Management were also bullish on American Airlines Group Inc (NASDAQ:AAL).

Follow Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) Follow Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) Trade (NYSE:GS) Now!

We ll check out two more of the fund s stock picks on the next page. Google's Eric Schmidt: 'The math is that the American economy is doing well' Despite political discord, the American economy is doing well, Alphabet Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt said Thursday.

"I think the math is the American economy is doing well, and the unemployment situation is [going] well, and if you're confused on that, visit Europe," Schmidt said.



Schmidt spoke from the DealBook Conference in New York City, hosted by CNBC anchor and New York Times columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin and the editors of the Times. The conference focuses on "playing for the long term" in a business environment that's shackled to quarterly returns and compressed news cycles.



After an election cycle that stoked arguments over the shrinking middle class and widening inequality, Schmidt addressed the role that information played in the political process.

"My conclusion is you have a couple of things going on. You have immense amounts of information coming to people but they don't feel they have the tools to address them," Google's former CEO said. "You also have the pervasive insecurity of their perception of an uncertain future."

While unemployment has ticked steadily down since the recession, people have remained upset about the job market, Schmidt said. The solution, he said, is to foster entrepreneurship and use artificial intelligence and technology to broaden the scope of information that people receive.

"How people get their information   what they read and what they don't   I think is a project for the next decade," Schmidt said.



The mainstream media has faced broad-based criticism in the wake of Donald Trump's election, after polls indicated that Democrat Hillary Clinton would likely win by a comfortable margin. Schmidt said that amid data scientists, he's not sure what went wrong, but he pointed to issues with data collection. For instance, mobile phones and online polling haven't caught up with traditional landline polling, he said.

"It's still a new science," Schmidt said. "There's awful lot of people that I know that are sitting there trying to figure out what was wrong with the models.   I'm sure there will be significant engineering thinking about this."

But Schmidt said Google has taken its role in the political process seriously. He said it is possible for artificial intelligence to filter out bots, trolls, harassment and a rising flood of misinformation online.

But artificial intelligence has faced backlash, both within the political process and the technology community. Tesla's Elon Musk, for instance, has warned that robots will become the workforce.

"Manufacturing jobs are infinitely safer today because robots do the dangerous work. We take that for granted," Schmidt said. "Computers in manufacturing eliminated   the [tasks] that humans don't want to do. The jobs that are routine are going to be replaced by technology. ... Those same tools make an average person smarter."

Over the past year, Google publicly set its sights on the artificial intelligence market. In its annual founder's letter, CEO Sundar Pichai set a vision for artificial intelligence that "can help us in everything from accomplishing our daily tasks and travels to eventually tackling even bigger challenges like climate change and cancer diagnosis."

But to foster continued innovation in America, Schmidt said the tech sector's day-one ask of Trump is H1-B visa reform. Schmidt said Google has brilliant engineers who are languishing in condos in Canada waiting to get to work.

When we kick out highly educated foreign engineers, "they go and build competitors to our companies," he said.



Another high priority for the incoming government should be cybersecurity, Schmidt said. He said disclosures from WikiLeaks and insiders like former NSA analyst Edward Snowden will become ever easier.

"An obvious thing that the next president should do is have a division that audits the security of the data of our citizens," Schmidt said.

Given the focus on Cinton's email during the election, Schmidt emphasized the importance of two-factor authentication.

"I strongly recommend that you don't use your own private email server.   I strongly recommend you use Gmail," he said. "There's going to be an ever-increasing set of problems for people who use just a password."

Though Schmidt admitted to being on Clinton's "side," he said he was a fan of PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel, who openly supported Trump, despite backlash in the tech community.

"I think he's a brilliant entrepreneur," Schmidt said. "I like him personally and I like a lot of things that he says, my personal view. And I think we want a culture where people can speak what they think. I admire what he did." Google Inc. Imposes USB Type-C Charging Standards After Samsung Groups Debacle Published By: Ken Bock on November 10, 2016 08:57 am EST

USB Type-C has slowly and gradually become the standard, quality charging port on almost all Android devices; devices such as Google Pixel and Pixel XL are provisioned with these particular USB slots. USB 3.1 comes with a top speed of 10Gbps, delivering power output of 20 volts (100 watts) and five amps. Keeping into account the fact that 15-inch laptops require power of around 60 watts, this indicates that future laptops will be able to be be charged the same way as phones, all thanks to their little USB ports. Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ:AAPL) new MacBook Pro 2016 has a single USB-C port, which serves as both a power port and a lone peripheral.

On the other hand, however, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google is also trying to fuse in fast charging devices in a single USB-C port. At present, a number of big companies have had their own standards for charging such as Oppo s VOOC, Qualcomm s Quick Charge, and MediaPump Express. This has, thus, caused a bit fragmentation for consumers, as it led to different options for chargers available in the market. Followed with the confused search, users now have to search for chargers compatible with their smartphones, or buy expensive chargers from the company.

The company now plans to impose a universal standard for USB-C ports in the Android ecosystem. This means that in the near future, all version of the Android ecosystem will support only Type-C devices. This also means that future Android devices will not support third-party chargers, ultimately, which leaves the consumers with the only expensive option left of  buying from the company.  The changes in the company s policy were considered much seriously followed with reports surfacing of Android devices catching fire and exploding, one such notable example was of Samsung Electronics  (OTCMKTS:SSNLF) Galaxy Note 7. Google Inc Daydream App Now Available for Download on Play Store Published By: Ken Bock on November 10, 2016 08:30 am EST

Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Daydream app for its mobile virtual reality headset dubbed  Daydream VR  has now been launched on the Google Play Store. Users can now head to the Android app market and download the virtual reality app which would allow them to test the capabilities of their smartphone when hooked onto Google s Daydream headset. But, there is a catch.

Only the recently-launched Pixel and Pixel XL handsets in the market are compatible with Daydream VR. OnePlus 3T is expected to be Daydream-ready at launch though, and it is reported to be down to the inclusion of Snapdragon 821 in the headset.

So, there is a huge possibility that while you ll be able to download the app on your smartphone, you won t be able to fire Daydream VR up and give it a go. Unless, of course, you own the latest in smartphone technology from Google. However, it is important to note that the Daydream app itself doesn t come with a lot of features and functions to really put your Daydream VR headset through its paces.

Essentially, it is an app which allows the user to go through with a few actions like viewing a virtual app list, or a Daydream home-screen. So don t expect to be presented with a wealth of actions you d be able to perform through the Daydream app, as it is more of a test-drive app for the technology and nothing more. 
2016-08-28
Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Office 365 VS Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Google Apps ... Published By: Patrick Arruda on August 28, 2016 09:06 am EST

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) has enjoyed a long reign in the productivity software world but the tech giant s throne has come under scrutiny due to the emergence of Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) cloud-based computing offerings. There is no arguing that Microsoft Office 365 and Google Apps are currently two of the best productivity software available in the market. However, if you are wondering which tech giant managed to build a superior software program then you have come to the right place. Here is a detailed comparison between the two productive software which aims to conclude the clear winner between the two.

Storage and Accessibility:

Google for Work Plans offers users 30GB worth of cloud storage for the low price of $5 and specific accounts which have registered five different users are awarded with an unlimited storage space online for the reasonable price of just $10. However, Microsoft 365 dwarfs Google App s offerings, as the software program offers its users a minimum storage option of 1TB. Hence, the Microsoft Office 365 is a clear winner in this regard.

Applications and Services:

There is no doubt that Microsoft manages to hit the nail on its head with this regard, as the tech giant is considered as an industry standard for high-performing productivity software tools. However, Google must be given credit for continuing developing and improving its offerings in productive software programs. Hence, the clear winner here is the Microsoft Office 365.

Pricing:

Productivity software programs are marketed to large-scale entrepreneurs, small businesses, schools, or even individuals, which mean that these office suites have different prices in accordance to the different needs that they cater to. Google s productivity software program comes in two different pricing options, which includes; Google Apps for Work for $5 and the other is called Google Apps Unlimited which will cost users $10. On the other hand, Microsoft Office 365 has seven different offerings which range from $6 to $35 and are specifically aimed to meet the productive needs of Businesses and Entrepreneurs. Hence, both productivity software programs are evenly matched in this regard.

Conclusion:

Even though both productivity software programs are two of the most powerful offerings currently available in the market but it is obvious that Microsoft Office 365 edges its biggest rival. However, that is not to say that Google cannot one day overtake Microsoft in this regard, as the tech giant continues to innovate and invest in order to improve its offerings in the world of productivity software program. 
2016-12-30
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) 'Google Tax' Overruled By The Constitutional ... A fiscal measure that has been popularly referred to as Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)  Google tax  will not be implemented in France. This was after it was ruled against by the French Constitutional Council. According to Reuters, the fiscal measure had been designed with the intention of making it harder for multinationals to pay as little tax as possible in France.

Luring foreign investors and businesses

The ruling by France s Constitutional Council comes amidst a government plan to increase the attractiveness of the country in the eyes of foreign firms following the British referendum that voted in favor of leaving the European Union.

 Google tax  had been targeted at the multinationals that use tax regimes of different countries in a bid to lower tax liabilities. It had already been included in the 2017 budget law of France though the government has since admitted its reservations over the plans.

France s Constitutional Council also made the expansion of the planned financial transactions tax valid. This means that beginning 2018, intra-day transactions will have to pay the financial transactions tax. But depending on the outcome of the elections that are to be held in 2017, this might be challenged.

Taxing at source in one year s time

The Constitutional Council also validated a plan by the government to have the French taxed at source beginning 2018. This will mean that income tax payments will be deducted by employers from the gross pay a year from now. Currently, it is upon employees to declare their income and then settle the tax bill individually.

The decision by France s Constitutional Court comes a little more than a week since the passing of a new budget law that could impose severe penalties on large US internet firms such as Google, Uber, and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) for tax avoidance practices. It is understood that the measure will put a stop to  diverted profits .

 A moral person domiciled or established outside of France is subject to income tax when a company or legal entity, whether established in France or not, conducts an activity that consists of the sale or supply of products or services,  states part of the measure.

In Thursday s trading shares of Alphabet Inc fell by 0.21% to close the day at $802.88 a piece.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Investors Catching Stocks: Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) will report its next earnings on 26-Jan-17. The company reported the earnings of $9.06/Share in the last quarter where the estimated EPS by analysts was $8.63/share. The difference between the expected and actual EPS was $0.43/share, which represents an Earnings surprise of 5%.

Many analysts are providing their Estimated Earnings analysis for Alphabet Inc. and for the current quarter 39 analysts have projected that the stock could give an Average Earnings estimate of $9.62/share. These analysts have also projected a Low Estimate of $9.01/share and a High Estimate of $10.67/share.

In case of Revenue Estimates, 30 analysts have provided their consensus Average Revenue Estimates for Alphabet Inc. as 25.13 Billion. According to these analysts, the Low Revenue Estimate for Alphabet Inc. is 24.49 Billion and the High Revenue Estimate is 26.61 Billion. The company had Year Ago Sales of 21.33 Billion.

These analysts also forecasted Growth Estimates for the Current Quarter for GOOGL to be 11%. They are projecting Next Quarter growth of 24.3%. For the next 5 years, Alphabet Inc. is expecting Growth of 18.74% per annum, whereas in the past 5 years the growth was 13.63% per annum.

Some buy side analysts are also providing their Analysis on Alphabet Inc., where 17 analysts have rated the stock as Strong buy, 28 analysts have given a Buy signal, 2 said it s a HOLD, 0 reported it as Underperform and 1 analysts rated the stock as Sell. (These Recommendations are for the Current Month Only reported by Yahoo Finance.)

When it comes to the Analysis of a Stock, Price Target plays a vital role. 42 Analysts reported that the Price Target for Alphabet Inc. might touch $1120 high while the Average Price Target and Low price Target is $967 and $700 respectively.

To analyze a stock, one should look for Upgrades and Downgrades of a stock. Alphabet Inc. got Initiated on 21-Dec-16 where investment firm Aegis Capital Initiated the stock to Buy.

Alphabet Inc. closed its last trading session at $804.57 with the loss of -0.21%. The Market Capitalization of the company stands at 548.34 Billion. The Company has 52-week high of $839 and 52-week low of $672.66. The stock s current distance from 20-Day Simple Moving Average (SMA20) is 0.4% where SMA50 and SMA200 are 0.55% and 4.15% respectively. The Company Touched its 52-Week High on Oct 28, 2016 and 52-Week Low on Jun 27, 2016.

The Relative Volume of the company is 0.56 and Average Volume (3 months) is 1.87 million. Alphabet Inc. P/E (price to earnings) ratio is 29.38 and Forward P/E ratio of 19.57.

The company shows its Return on Assets (ROA) value of 12.5%. The Return on Equity (ROE) value stands at 15.1%. While it s Return on Investment (ROI) value is 12.8%.

While looking at the Stock s Performance, Alphabet Inc. currently shows a Weekly Performance of -1.15%, where Monthly Performance is 1.7%, Quarterly performance is 0.03%, 6 Months performance is 14.12% and yearly performance percentage is 1.59%. Year to Date performance value (YTD perf) value is 3.2%. The Stock currently has a Weekly Volatility of 0.99% and Monthly Volatility of 1.46%. Will Alphabet Extend its Dominance to Video Streaming? Online and mobile video consumption is increasing by the day and Alphabet Inc. 's GOOGL Google remains strongly positioned in this space with its YouTube platform.

Year-to-date, the stock has outperformed the Zacks Internet-Services industry. It returned 3.20% compared to the industry's return of 2.34% over the same period.

In its race to target TV ad dollars, Alphabet allowed third-party (Nielsen and comScore) tagging of YouTube videos to determine the effectiveness of ads on YouTube versus ads shown on TV.

Now the company is looking to offer video makers more opportunities to generate revenues while collecting a sizable amount itself in the process.

Google Unplugged in the Works?

Google is reportedly preparing for the launch of its own video streaming service called Google Unplugged. If the rumors are true, the company will be entering a crowded and highly competitive market marked by the presence of AT&T's T DirecTV Now, Dish Network's DISH Sling TV and Sony's SNE PlayStation Vue.

The company has reportedly reached agreements with CBS, Viacom, Disney and Twenty-First Century Fox for provision of their programming to Google's new service. Google Unplugged is expected to be launched by Feb 2017. Such services known as skinny bundles of networks are increasingly emerging as less expensive alternatives to traditional packages.

ALPHABET INC-A Net Income (TTM)

ALPHABET INC-A Net Income (TTM) | ALPHABET INC-A Quote

Google's Strategy

It's not that easy to make way through a crowded marketplace but Google appears to have its strategy in place.

Google is reportedly planning to offer the new service at less than $40 a month, a price that will certainly place its competitors in a spot of bother.

Notably, Sony charges $45 to $55 for three levels of its PlayStation Vue service. DirecTV is currently available for a promotional price of $35 and will cost $60 at the end of the promotional period.

Moreover, Google is offering channels at a far better price that satellite and cable providers and asked them to provide programming data in return, a move that could give it a big competitive advantage.

Our Take

If Google Unplugged happens, it will underscore the company's continuous efforts to launch products and services for multiple industries. Google is leaving no stone unturned in the process of growing.

As Alphabet generates significant cash from operations and also holds a huge cash balance, management has the flexibility to pursue growth in any area that exhibits true potential. This flexibility, along with its technological prowess allows it to pursue opportunities in different markets, offsetting the late-mover disadvantage.

Zacks Rank

Currently, Alphabet is a Zacks Rank #3 (Hold) company. You can see the complete list of today's Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here .

Zacks' Best Private Investment Ideas

In addition to the recommendations that are available to the public on our website, how would you like to follow all Zacks' private buys and sells in real time?

Our experts cover all kinds of trades  from value to momentum . . . from stocks under $10 to ETF and option moves . . . from stocks that corporate insiders are buying up to companies that are about to report positive earnings surprises. You can even look inside exclusive portfolios that are normally closed to new investors. Starting today, for the next month, you can have unrestricted access. Click here for Zacks' private trades >>

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report 
2016-11-08
Alphabet Taps Brakes on Drone Project, Nixing Starbucks Partnership The latest Google drones have just started taking flight in the real world. But the team behind the technology is slowing down, trimming headcount and shelving initiatives as the experimental unit becomes the latest target of tightening budgets across parent company Alphabet Inc.

Project Wing, a unit of Alphabet's X research lab, nixed a partnership with coffee giant Starbucks Corp., according to people familiar with the decision. Following the departure of project leader Dave Vos in October, the unit also froze hiring and began asking some staff to seek jobs elsewhere in the company, according to some of those people. They asked not to be identified speaking about private company moves.

The decisions are part of a broader Alphabet effort to rein in spending and try to turn more experimental projects from loss-making risky bets into real businesses. Drones are in a particularly knotty place. U.S. federal regulation does not yet allow for delivery, except in select test zones. However, Alphabet's deceleration comes as other technology companies, including Amazon.com Inc., plow money into drone delivery.

"Project Wing has the potential to remove a big chunk of the friction in how physical things are moved around in the world," a spokeswoman for X wrote in an e-mail. "What we re doing now is developing the next phase of our technology, and as always are thinking in a very broad way about all the potential use cases for delivery by unmanned aerial systems."

QuickTake Read More: Domesticating Drones

In August, Project Wing won approval for test flights at a U.S. site, part of a White House effort to encourage unmanned vehicle delivery. Then in September, Alphabet announced a new foray: a partnership with Chipotle Mexican Grill Inc. to deliver food via drone at Virginia Tech.

Robotic burrito drop-offs are a far cry from Google's initial aims. The unit first wanted to deploy drones to deliver health-care items, such as medicine and heart defibrillators. After those plans were scrapped, the unit moved to food and other perishables.

Alphabet was in advanced talks with Starbucks and had tested delivery with the coffee-chain operator, according to two people familiar with the plans. Those plans were nixed, largely over disagreements about the access to customer data that Alphabet wanted, according to a former X employee.

A Starbucks representative didn't respond to a request for comment on Tuesday.

Similarly, the unit was in talks to provide suburban grocery delivery in Ireland, where drone rules are less stringent than in the U.S. Amazon's Prime Air service, a competing effort to use unmanned vehicles, announced it was testing with the British government this summer.

The status of Project Wing's effort in Ireland is unclear. An X spokeswoman declined to comment on those talks, as well as the Starbucks partnership and hiring decisions.

Course Correction

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Project Wing, like many efforts inside X, has shifted directions several times. Early on, under the leadership of Massachusetts Institute of Technology roboticist Nicholas Roy, it operated like an academic research project, according to former employees. Vos, who joined Google in 2014, steered a different course. The aerospace veteran increased simulation testing for the drones and implemented a new product review system that reflected standards in the aviation industry, which are more rigorous than software testing, the former employees said.

Project Wing also hinted at aspirations aligned to Google's mission -- data collection along with delivery logistics. Last year, Vos detailed Project Wing's ambition to run an air-traffic control hub for a drone-based economy. He described plans to equip drones with radio transponders that communicate with controllers and other aircraft by 2020.

Then Vos suddenly left. Alphabet did not name a successor. The project now reports to Astro Teller, the longtime chief of X. Vos did not immediately respond to e-mails seeking comment on Tuesday.

Teller is still making bold predictions for the technology. In an interview published on Tuesday with The Verge, Teller said the drone program could spell the end of an ownership society and "really dramatically, magically, change the world."

However, the drone team is now undergoing similar financial scrutiny as other Alphabet experimental arms, such as its Google Fiber and robotics units. Several Project Wing employees have received "90-day notices," which are requests to find different jobs inside Alphabet before being terminated, according to one person familiar with the decision.

Last November, Vos told an aviation conference that Project Wing planned to have a "commercial business up in running in 2017." It is unclear if his exit and the staff changes will delay that timeline. Some in the nascent industry are skeptical that any company can move beyond test sites in the U.S. in the next one or two years, given Federal Aviation Administration restrictions.

"You're not even allowed to ask for a waiver to fly beyond the visual line of sight if it's delivery," said Gretchen A. West, a drone specialist at law firm Hogan Lovells, who is not familiar with Project Wing's plans. "Nobody knows how long it's going to take." 
2016-01-23
Google X Becomes X, Should Allay Alphabet Investors Fears Google X, the semi-secret research lab of Alphabet, has been re-branded as X.

X will incubate Alphabet's visionary long term projects called "moonshots" with the objective to transform ambitious projects into viable businesses, then graduate them into standalone operations.

Alphabet will give investors more transparency about the finances of the different businesses, including X.

Google X, the semi-secret research lab of Alphabet Inc-A (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been re-branded as X, Re/Code reports. X has a new logo, a yellow stylized X that s meant to capture the X blueprint of incubating radical solutions to big world problems by means of breakthrough technology.

In August 2015, Google restructured into the Alphabet holding company. The move separated the company's main online businesses like search, YouTube and Android from the visionary long-term projects called "moonshots." Astro Teller, an artificial intelligence expert nicknamed "Captain of Moonshots,  will oversee X operations.

Google, now Alphabet, has been often criticized for its long term projects and investments in emerging technologies still on the drawing board. But even one moonshot that works can recover the cost of all the others, and the company has a good track record for moonshots that work. The Internet itself was dismissed as a visionary non-business in the 1990s, but it changed the world and Google made a lot of money as a result.

CNN Money notes that separating X gives investors more transparency about the finances of the different businesses. Shareholders are often worried by expensive moonshots that may never take off, since Alphabet makes nearly all of its money from search advertising. For the first time ever next month, in its quarterly financial statement on February 1, Alphabet will break out the finances of each of its different companies.

X will incubate startup initiatives with a particular focus on hardware, with the objective to transform ambitious projects into viable businesses, then graduate them into standalone operations. Re/Code notes that, as an incubator and standalone company, X may need to be more judicious and leaner than it once was. A former X employee said that X is going to be much more scaled back, but another person familiar with X said the lab s ambitions and size will remain unchanged.

"Our vision is for Google to remain a place of incredible creativity and innovation that uses a unique technical expertise to tackle big problems and create that future," said Sundar Pichai, CEO of Google, Inc.

The deep learning project Google Brain and a project to build detailed indoor maps graduated from X to official Google projects in 2012, parts of Research and Maps respectively. In December, Google Life Sciences, formerly part of X, re-branded itself as Verily and graduated to become a stand-alone subsidiary of Alphabet, with projects in medical hardware, software, clinical applications, and sciences, including bio-molecular nanotechnology projects.

The self-driving car project, first started as a moonshot under X, seems on its way to become an important part of Alphabet's business. Alphabet, the undisputed leader in advanced software for self-driving cars, including sophisticated Artificial Intelligence (AI) subsystems for autonomous driving, computer vision, and navigation, is likely to focus on enabling technology and collaborating with established car-makers to get self-driving cars to consumers on the road, as indicated by the recently announced partnership with Ford.

The self-driving cars unit is scheduled to become a stand-alone business under the Alphabet corporate umbrella. The new Alphabet company could offer rides for hire, with a business model similar to that of Uber and Lyft, which shows that Alphabet has a clear business strategy in mind.

These and other examples show that the X strategy - investigating wild ideas to find out if and how they can be turned into business opportunities - can work if it's well managed. Of course, an important part of moonshot management is knowing when to pull the plug. "Somebody would get too attached to the project and not kill it," said a former X employee. Therefore, a dedicated X group known as the Foundry, recently established, will oversee risk management for X projects and determine whether a project should be taken to market or killed.

That should be reassuring for cautious investors afraid that Alphabet spends too much money on moonshots with uncertain potential. At the same time, the creation of X with a re-affirmed commitment to the moonshot ecosystem should reassure bullish investors that Alphabet's visionary projects will change the world and boost the company's stock. For both, Alphabet stock remains a buy-and-hold. 
2016-05-20
Nishkama Capital's Bold Short Alphabet Bet Boosts 2016 Returns  Google: Instant Apps Technology A Game Changer I discussed last year that Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) was going to change how mobile apps are going to be used. I said Google would use its search engine advantage to persuade Android users to rely more on the web to find their favorite apps. Well, Google used its I/O event this week to unveil its Android Instant Apps technology.

Alphabet just made its mobile search engine more useful. The more people who use mobile search, the more potential eyeballs there are for targeted ads. Unlike Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Alphabet doesn't have an addictive mobile social network of 894 million monthly active users. Alphabet therefore badly needs more people to use its mobile search engine to help it catch up with Facebook.

Android Instant Apps will let people stream just parts of the apps they need. This is a big evolutionary step from the current method of having to download and install Android apps. Streaming apps helps people save space on their phone's storage. It also reduces their mobile data usage. Instant Apps will be compatible with dirt-cheap or old devices with at least Android 4.2 OS installed. App streaming relies more on Internet speed than hardware specs.

(Source: Google)

People who will use mobile Google Search will get instant links to mobile apps of the sites or topics they are searching for. Using a good 3G or 4G connection, they would be able to use streaming and use the app with native-life performance.

Since Google's secured cloud servers will host the streaming apps, Instant Apps also is a safer way of using Android apps.

Android Instant Apps will also be accessible from any in-app link that opens a mobile website. Alphabet implemented app indexing and deep-linking since 2014.

The real killer feature of Instant Apps is that it's fully compatible with Google Play Services. People will be able to do in-app purchases on streamed Android apps. This is very clever - tempting web surfers with impulse buys from the app store is brilliant because Alphabet takes a 30% cut from app purchases.

Growing The App Store Is Big Business

The superior global number of Android device users already is helping Google Play Store outpace the growth of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS App Store. As per App Annie's chart below, the number of downloads via the store is estimated to be three times higher than that of iOS downloads this year. Once Google Play gets an official introduction in China, the added revenue from China's app market place will make the gross revenue of Android app stores greater than that of Apple's iOS store by 2017.

(Source: App Annie)

China touts most of the biggest third-party Android stores. The sheer superior volume of downloads from Android devices gives it faster growth momentum.

Again, as per App Annie's chart below, the mobile apps industry is expected to hit $101.1 billion by 2020. Making Android apps streaming-friendly is an huge advantage for Google over its rival Apple.

(Source App Annie Digest)

Anything that gives Alphabet an advantage over Apple always is good for GOOG/GOOGL investors. Alphabet's judicious purchase of Agawi last year is behind Instant Apps. Agawi was the innovator behind low-latency app streaming technology. As far as I know, there is no other company (that Apple can buy) which has the same app-streaming IP of Agawi.

The other important feature of Instant Apps is it allows developers to quickly port their existing Android apps to be modular and compatible with app-streaming. There are now around 2 million apps and games available at Google Play Store. All of them are potential upgrades for Instant App streaming.

Yes, I think Android games also will become streaming-friendly. Disney (NYSE:DIS) is one of the initial partners testing Instant Apps. Disney is one of the top-grossing global publishers of mobile games. The future promise of streaming Android games will help me avoid the 414MB download file size of the Good Dinosaur Story Book or the 1.8 gigabyte installation space needed by Vainglory.

Agawi's unique technology was previously launched as a cloud-gaming platform for Windows PC games in 2013. The technology behind Instant Apps is very capable of streaming multi-gigabyte-sized PC or Android games.

(Source: Agawi/Google)

The impulse-buy feature of Instant Apps streaming is especially good for mobile gamers. Games are the driving force ($74.6 billion by 2020) behind the rapid rise of mobile app spending. Making Instant Apps compatible with popular games like billion-dollar-earning games like Clash of Clans or Royale Clash is a no-brainer for Alphabet.

Final Thoughts

Waze Rider is already a future expansion product worth many millions of ad dollars. However, Android Instant Apps increases the potential revenue from both search ads and app store purchases. So yeah, I think the app streaming innovation is a stronger reason for long-term investors to add GOOG/GOOGL to their portfolios.

The huge potential of Android Instant Apps is tempting me to take a position on Alphabet. The management is full of brilliant ideas that just make great business sense. Aside from streaming Android apps, Alphabet also is making moves to further improve sales of its Chromebooks. I do not know how the Google geeks are optimizing touch-centric Android games/apps to work on desktop computers, but the Google Play Store is coming to Chrome OS computers.

Alphabet indeed has very smart employees. It's always smart to invest and profit from the hard work of clever people. GOOG is a buy. Apple is the undisputed king of corporate cash Apple is dealing with a rising challenge to its supremacy as the world s largest public company by market value, from Google parent Alphabet.

But Apple remains the undisputed king of corporate cash. The iPhone maker had an unrivaled $216 billion socked away at the end of 2015.

In fact, the tech sector as a whole increasingly dominates the ranks of corporate savers. The end of 2015 marked the first time the top five nonfinancial, cash-rich companies Apple, Microsoft, Alphabet, Cisco and Oracle were are all tech firms, according to Moody s analysts. They hold a combined $504 billion in cash, or roughly 30% of all cash on US corporate balance sheets, excluding financial firms.

Much of the cash buildup reflects the tendency of companies to keep their stockpiles overseas, rather than repatriate earnings to the US and pay taxes on it. And that s a reason why, in addition to cash, we see debt levels rising as well. Standard & Poor s analysts note:

We believe that these companies never intended to have such a large cash pile sitting overseas. If given the choice, most, if not all, would likely prefer to repatriate most of the cash and limit debt issuances. However, investors are demanding greater returns through share buybacks and dividends. Given the limited domestic cash flow generation and the reluctance to repatriate cash at current tax rates, companies are instead issuing debt domestically.

Apple is playing a role here as well. Its own debt levels rose 38% to $63 billion in 2015, in part to pay for the share repurchase programs that have helped made the stock so attractive to some high-profile value investors. Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) Teams Up With Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Verb ... Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) revealed on Wednesday its plan to restructure its medical device business, aiming to yield an annual growth of up to 6% by 2020. The company has disclosed specific details that will ensure the actualization of the initiative.

According to Gary Pruden, Johnson & Johnson Worldwide Chairman of Medical Devices, the fastest growing markets in terms of medical devices include electrophysiology (EP), neurovascular, Endocutters, robotics, and structural heart. These segments grow at a rate of at least 10%, which is why Johnson & Johnson is tapping each one of them.

Furthermore, Johnson & Johnson has also acquired NeuWave Medical, a microwave ablation start-up, and Coherex Medical, a company focused on stroke prevention. These recent acquisitions are believed to be perfectly in line with the company s growth prospects.

Robotic Surgery

The Ethicon Surgical unit of Johnson & Johnson has teamed up with Alphabet, Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Verb Surgical, which hopes to develop surgical robots. Earlier this year, Scott Huennekens, Verb Surgical CEO, has redefined the technical meaning of robotic surgery. The partnership seeks to provide a cost-efficient and scalable robotics platform that will transform operating rooms; hence shaping the future of surgical procedures. However, the companies have not yet confirmed the official launch date of the medical device.

3-D Printing

The company has also teamed up with over 50 academic groups, external technology, and government entities to develop 3-D printing solutions. This week, Johnson & Johnson also unveiled that it has collaborated with HP, Inc. (NYSE:HPQ) to advance its 3-D printing venture. For Johnson & Johnson, 3-D printing is the next big thing as the industry strives to make healthcare more personal and accessible.

Next-Gen Wearables

Sandra Peterson, Johnson & Johnson Worldwide Group Chairman, also reiterated that the company is committed to developing next-gen wearables. One Touch Via, for example, is a mealtime-insulin-delivery device. Johnson & Johnson will soon file for its approval with the Food and Drug Administration (FDA). According to the company, this alone can bring the company a global opportunity worth $1 billion.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-01-12
Here Are The Nine Companies Under Alphabet Inc.  Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc, Amazon.com, Inc. To Stay Hot: CS While 2015 was the year of FANG (Facebook, Amazon, Netflix, Google), there s been a lot of debate about whether those same four hot stocks will continue to outperform this year after going on a huge tear last year. Some firms are offering their own new acronyms (BAGEL comes to mind) to replace FANG, but Credit Suisse still likes three of the four FANG stocks: Google, Facebook and Amazon.

A harvest period for internet stocks?

Credit Suisse analyst Stephen Ju and his team said that looking across the internet sector, they have found that most companies are starting to see the capital intensity required to run their respective operations peak. They said that when looking at the aggregate capital expenditures that have been deployed throughout the sector, the incremental dollars spent are moderating.

They believe this indicates that a  harvest period  is on tap following long investment period for internet companies as they seek to keep up with rising demand for services following mobile adoption while also developing and rolling out new products to monetize all that new traffic.

Google price target upped

Looking at the mega-cap part of the internet sector, Ju and his team like Google, Facebook and Amazon the most. Looking at Google, they said most investors appear to be dismissing YouTube s new Red offering. However, they note that Google s streaming platform has more than 1 billion users, which means only a small percentage of users must convert from the free service to the subscription-based service in order to make a difference, enabling the company to monetize the annual average revenue per user at ten times.

They continue to expect Google to benefit from the closing of the monetization gap between mobile devices and desktop computers. Further, they expect the company to keep moderating its capital expenditures and see more and more contributions from bigger non-search businesses. They upped their price target on parent company Alphabet from $850 to $900 per share based on the addition of YouTube s Red offering.

Facebook sees long-term growth

For Facebook, the Credit Suisse team sees continued revenue growth in the long term without the need for a  material  increase in ad loads. In the near term, they expect Instagram, Premium Videos and DPA to drive sales growth at the social network. They also think that Wall Street is underestimating the long-term potential of the company s upcoming new ad products as well.

Further, they see  optionality  and room for upside to estimates based on Facebook s many offerings, including WhatsApp, Messenger and Offers/ Local. Their price target on Facebook remains at $135 per share.

Amazon price target increased

The Credit Suisse analysts made some broad-based adjustments to their thesis for Amazon to account for the financial statements regarding Amazon Web Services and the e-commerce business. For example, their valuation suggests that Amazon Web Services is worth $149 billion, which they say indicates that Wall Street is mispricing the e-commerce business.

Also they re seeing signs that the capital intensity associated with running AWS is starting to level off, and the e-commerce business is starting to see its operating margin expand as a result of the moderating shipping loses. The analysts have upped their price target for Amazon from $777 to $800 per share, based on their adjusted model.

After selling off big-time early this month, shares of Google parent Alphabet and Facebook edged higher today. Facebook stock climbed by as much as 0.45% to $97.95, while Alphabet shares edged higher by 0.81% to $739.02. Amazon shares dropped 0.44% to $615.03 during regular trading hours today. Alphabet stock target raised to $900 on YouTube Red adoption Shares of Alphabet Inc. google climbed 1% in premarket trade Tuesday after Credit Suisse raised its price target on the stock to $900 from $850 after calculating in the estimated revenue contribution from YouTube Red, the company's new ads-free video subscription service. Alphabet is positioned to benefit from a strong conversion rate for the service, even if fewer than 10% of YouTube's one billion users switch to YouTube Red from the ads-based model, Credit Suisse said. The average 12-month stock target among a poll of more than 40 analysts polled by FactSet in $854.60. 
2016-04-26
Visionary Investors: Bet On Alphabet  Alphabet's Next Big Thing: Building a 'Smart' City Sidewalk Labs, a division of Google's parent Alphabet, is working on a proposal to develop new districts of housing, offices and retail that are heavily integrated with technology. Photo: Citybridge

Google parent Alphabet Inc. has legions of Web developers. Soon it might be in need of real-estate developers.

In coming weeks, top executives at the Mountain View, Calif., technology giant are set to weigh a pitch from Alphabet s urban technology-focused subsidiary, Sidewalk Labs, on a plan to delve into an ambitious new arena: city... Alphabet Inc's Google, Ford Motor Co and Uber Technologies Inc create ... WASHINGTON   Alphabet Inc s Google unit, Ford Motor Co, the ride-sharing service Uber and two other companies said on Tuesday they are forming a coalition to push for federal action to help speed self-driving cars to market.

Sweden-based Volvo Cars, which is owned by China s Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co, and Uber rival Lyft also are part of the Self-Driving Coalition for Safer Streets. The group said in a statement it will  work with lawmakers, regulators and the public to realize the safety and societal benefits of self-driving vehicles. 

The coalition said David Strickland, the former top official of the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA), the top U.S. auto safety agency that is writing new guidance on self-driving cars, will be the coalition s counsel and spokesman.

Related

 The best path for this innovation is to have one clear set of federal standards and the coalition will work with policymakers to find the right solutions that will facilitate the deployment of self-driving vehicles,  Strickland said in the statement.

On Wednesday, NHTSA is holding the second of two public forums on its self-driving car guidelines that will feature comments from tech companies and automakers at Stanford University.

NHTSA did not immediately return a message seeking comment on the coalition.

Ford said in a statement the group will  work together to advocate for policy solutions that will support the deployment of fully autonomous vehicles. 

NHTSA hopes to release its guidance to states, policymakers and companies on self-driving vehicles in July.

California has proposed barring self-driving cars that do not have steering wheels, pedals and a licensed driver ready to take over in an emergency, which Google has opposed. Under current regulations, fully autonomous vehicles without human controls are not legal.

NHTSA Administrator Mark Rosekind has said policymakers should avoid a  patchwork  of state regulations on self-driving cars but has not taken a position on California s proposal.

In February, NHTSA said the artificial intelligence system piloting a self-driving Google car could be considered the driver under federal law, a major step toward winning approval for autonomous vehicles.

The five companies, which all are working on self-driving cars, say one of the group s first tasks is to  work with civic organizations, municipalities and businesses to bring the vision of self-driving vehicles to America s roads and highways. 

  Thomson Reuters 2016 AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) Overtakes Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google On Fast Broadband AT&T Inc. (NYSE:T) and Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) have introduced 1 gigabit speed internet in Atlanta ahead of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Fiber.

Google left in the dust

Google has been spreading its superfast 1 gigabit internet to more cities, but the process has been taking a lot of time. AT&T and Comcast are taking advantage of this by launching their own 1-gigabit internet in Atlanta where Google Fiber has not yet been made available. AT&T is already signing up new customers to its service.

Google Fiber is currently available in four markets, and the telecommunications companies are employing tactics to keep their customers from shifting to Google s superfast Internet including offering faster connections and lower pricing. Comcast started testing out its gigabit speed internet in Atlanta earlier this year. The company plans to launch the service later this year, and it will be rolled out in Miami, Detroit, Chicago and Tennessee.

AT&T plans to spread its service to 36 cities, and this will help it maintain the lead as the gigabit broadband leader in the country. Analyst Kamalini Ganguly from a research firm known as Ovum stated that the gigabit sector has become more competitive and as a result it has become tougher for Google. The analyst also revealed that Google has less than 100,000 subscribers in the four cities where it launched the gigabit service. The tech giant requires more people so that it can sell ads through the service more effectively.

AT&T currently offers its gigabit service in more than 20 metro areas, and it already has more than a million subscribers to the service. The telecommunications company, therefore, has the upper hand over Google. A monthly subscription on Google Fiber costs $70 while Comcast offers lower speeds but its internet package is bundled with 80 TV channels at a monthly fee of $80. Most people with the Comcast package stated that they do not need to switch to Google because Comcast offers them a great deal.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Google's Older Android OS Under Threat from Malware Published By: Eunice Gettys on April 26, 2016 11:02 am EST

Android owners running older iterations of the Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Google s popular OS will have to invest in a device that runs a newer version of the OS, due to the fact that older versions are under threat from malware.

The discovery was made by Blue Coat Labs, and its researchers claim that Android devices running versions 4.0 to 4.3 can be easily hijacked. This is made possible through a tool referred to as towelroot. Additionally, devices running Android version 4.4 are under threat as well.

For now, there is no number regarding the attacks that have taken place on old Android devices; but one thing is for certain, the attacks are sophisticated to say the least.

Most of the attacks are carried out using a malware known as Cyber.Police, and according to Blue Coat Labs, it not only easily installs itself, but it gives hackers access to any and all information present on a device. Moreover, it gets the job done without any human interaction whatsoever.

The researchers are Blue Coat Labs explained that the malware tends to infect older Android devices through a Javascript code, which was first discovered to have been part of an advertisement on a pornographic website.

As for removing the malware, it is actually quite simple, all users need to do is to reset their device. At the same time, it is also important to note that updating the OS will not get rid of the malware.

Even though Google has ceased support for older Android OS , there are still a lot of people using older Android devices. However, the tech giant has not responded to Blue Coat Labs  discovery and neither has commented on the issue. Basically, users will either have to factory reset their device or invest in a new one if the device does not support the latest Android OS out there. Alphabet Inc - FTC Extends Probe Into Google s Android - WSJ  
2016-05-03
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android To Launch Keyboard With One-Hand Mode Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) will soon launch a one-hand mode for its Android Keyboard through an update.

The new version of the keyboard will make it easier for people who use large handsets to text using one hand. This will eliminate the struggle of having to reposition the device to reach some of the distant keys. Most people like texting with one hand, and thus, the new feature will be something that many people will appreciate.

The new keyboard offers a variety of options such as the ability to change the keyboard height to the user s preference. It also offers the option of placing the keyboard either to the left or to the right. The keyboard also displays boarders around the keys so that the users can see the keys that they are tapping. The keyboard can be interchanged between one-hand and full-size at the press of a button.

Solving the keyboard problem

Device manufacturers have over time shifted to larger handsets which are preferred by many. Unfortunately, texting becomes an issue due to the size. All the companies that make handset keyboard have faced this problem, and each has come up with their own way of solving the problem.

Before keyboard resizing became a thing, handset manufacturers used to produce different options for their handsets. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is well known for this strategy because it caters to every market need; both to larger or smaller handsets. A few other devices have adopted this strategy too. However, users of larger devices still face the same problem, thus the need to come up with a strategy that will allow users to text with one hand.

Apple also has a keyboard solution through its 3D Touch cursor control. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) also upped its game with the release of its iPhone keyboard known as Word Flow. The latter has an arc mode which makes it easier for users to text single-handedly.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Alphabet, Fiat Chrysler in Self-Driving Cars Deal Google parent Alphabet Inc. and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV agreed to incorporate Alphabet s self-driving technology into 100 Chrysler minivans, significantly expanding the tech giant s test fleet of driverless vehicles and marking its first partnership with a major auto maker.

Alphabet and Fiat Chrysler engineers will collaborate in Michigan to redesign the 2017 Pacifica Hybrid minivan to integrate Alphabet s computers, sensors and... 
2016-11-23
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) CEO Lawrence Page Sold $25.9 million of Shares CEO of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) Lawrence Page sold 33,332 shares of GOOG on 11/21/2016 at an average price of $775.83 a share. The total sale was $25.9 million.

Alphabet Inc through its subsidiary Google Inc is engaged in improving the ways people connect with information & products including Search, Android, YouTube, Apps, Maps & Ads. It also produces internet-connected home devices & provides internet services. Alphabet Inc has a market cap of $529.52 billion; its shares were traded at around $768.27 with a P/E ratio of 28.65 and P/S ratio of 6.48. Alphabet Inc had an annual average EBITDA growth of 22.00% over the past 10 years. GuruFocus rated Alphabet Inc the business predictability rank of 3.5-star.

CEO Recent Trades:

CEO, 10% Owner Lawrence Page sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 11/21/2016 at the average price of $775.83. The price of the stock has decreased by 0.97% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of GOOG stock on 11/16/2016 at the average price of $756.63. The price of the stock has increased by 1.54% since.

CEO, Google Inc. Sundar Pichai sold 4,000 shares of GOOG stock on 11/02/2016 at the average price of $780.38. The price of the stock has decreased by 1.55% since.

CEO, 10% Owner Lawrence Page sold 16,670 shares of GOOG stock on 10/28/2016 at the average price of $803.8. The price of the stock has decreased by 4.42% since.

CEO, 10% Owner Lawrence Page sold 16,670 shares of GOOG stock on 10/28/2016 at the average price of $827.79. The price of the stock has decreased by 7.19% since.

Directors and Officers Recent Trades:

Director L John Doerr sold 14,828 shares of GOOG stock on 11/15/2016 at the average price of $758.66. The price of the stock has increased by 1.27% since.

SVP, Corporate Development David C Drummond sold 2,000 shares of GOOG stock on 11/14/2016 at the average price of $763.68. The price of the stock has increased by 0.6% since.

President, 10% Owner Sergey Brin sold 33,340 shares of GOOG stock on 11/04/2016 at the average price of $773.93. The price of the stock has decreased by 0.73% since.

President, 10% Owner Sergey Brin sold 33,332 shares of GOOG stock on 11/03/2016 at the average price of $773.24. The price of the stock has decreased by 0.64% since.

VP, Alphabet Corp. Controller James Grier Campbell sold 194 shares of GOOG stock on 11/02/2016 at the average price of $778.2. The price of the stock has decreased by 1.28% since.

For the complete insider trading history of GOOG, click here Should Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Feel Threatened About Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ ... Innovation is the back born of every potential growth. However, making innovative decisions doesn t necessarily translate to achievement. Apple knows this too well given its decision to 4K television, a move that initially looked acceptable but not anymore after Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google introduced its Chromecast device, the Chromecast Ultra. The holidays are here but apparently, 4K programming remains elusive, and there is no sign as to whether or not Cupertino will be releasing a 4K compatible Apple TV anytime soon.

But is Google s Chromecast Ultra much better than previous Chromecasts?

Google released its original model of Chromecast in 2013. Its newest Chromecast device, which will cost $69, is an upgrade, but not groundbreaking It comes out to $35 more than its predecessor. So what is the upgrade rooted in? First, it is capable of streaming 4K and HDR video on 4K displays. During its launch, Google s Mario Queiroz said that the device not only loads content 1.8 times faster than older versions but it also provides an even crisper picture.

YouTube, Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX), and Vudu are some of the platforms from which one can obtain 4K content streaming. The Chromecast Ultra also supports HDR content   both HDR10 and Dolby Vision format. However, improved Wi-Fi connectivity is a basic requirement, but even for those without, Google says it will support them by including an Ethernet port on the power adapter.

Should Apple be worried about Google s move?

Certainly, Apple should start getting its act together given the worldwide competition. Besides, a large portion of folks who will stream with Chromecast will likely use an Apple device. Thus Apple should be the leader in the promotion of 4K technology. However, the company will only achieve should it embrace 4K compatibility.

Apparently, the 4K TV may not have so much content to offer however much it feels fancier than its predecessors. Some of those who have watched the same 4K videos on the new Chromecast claim that many of them looked only a little bit sharper, smooth and slightly flawed. There are those who have chosen to retain their last year s model. But the question remains, is this the best time for an upgrade?

Alphabet s stock closed at $785.00, an increase of $0.20 or 0.03%, while that of Apple closed at $111.80 witnessing an increase of $0.07 or 0.06%

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2016-06-29
Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Should Pay No More Than $1.1 Billion For Twitter Inc (TWTR) Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Should Pay No More Than $1.1 Billion For Twitter Inc (TWTR) by Kyle Guske II, New Constructs

TWTR is up 17% since June 10 when Microsoft (MSFT) announced intent to buy LinkedIn (LNKD) for about $20 billion, $153/share more than it was worth. The media has named Alphabet (GOOGL) as a likely candidate to overpay for Twitter as MSFT did for LNKD. But, we think management at Alphabet is a better steward of shareholder value. The bottom line is that there is a limit for how much Alphabet should pay for TWTR (as there are limits for the price of any asset) in order for the deal to be economically profitable. Even in the most optimistic scenario for TWTR s future cash flows, Alphabet should pay no more than $1.1 billion, or $1.55/share, for Twitter, which is 91% below the current price.

When we first analyzed Twitter in June 2015, we noted that the company has been great at growing revenue while increasing cash losses. Since then, losses have slightly improved, but remain large (-38% of revenue). Figure 1 shows that while revenue has grown from $317 million in 2012, to $2.4 billion over the last twelve months, economic earnings have declined from -$122 million to -$816 million over the same time.

How Could Twitter Create Value For Alphabet?

For those that care about intelligent capital allocation, acquisitions must create synergy (i.e. profits that could not otherwise be achieved by the two standalone companies). The profits of the acquired company, including synergies, must be high enough to earn a return on invested capital (ROIC) higher than the acquiring company s weighted-average cost of capital (WACC). If those conditions are not met, the deal should not be done   assuming one cares about intelligent capital allocation.

When it comes to creating value for Alphabet, Twitter is starting from a tough spot with negative $812 million in economic earnings over the last twelve months. The combination with Alphabet would have to, rather drastically, improve the core profitability of the business and more.

We do not think any of the speculated reasons for Alphabet to acquire Twitter will improve profits at Twitter enough to justify a purchase price of more than $1.55/share, assuming Alphabet cares about capital allocation and creating shareholder value.

We doubt Twitter could improve Google Plus or Alphabet s social media business that much. Alphabet already has access to most, if not all, of Twitter s data since it integrated Twitter Ads into Google s Ad server, DoubleClick, in 2015.

The main challenge for Alphabet s management to overcome in justifying any price for TWTR is Twitter s flawed business model, which we address in our Danger Zone report. The flaw is that the best interests of the users (i.e. quick, easy access to the content of their choosing) are not aligned with the best interests of advertisers (i.e. getting more attention of users not necessarily looking for them). Until this fundamental flaw is addressed (and we are not sure it can be), it is hard to make a straight-faced argument for anyone to buy Twitter.

Acquisition At Current Price Would Be Poor Use of Capital

Alphabet has a long history of acquiring firms, such as YouTube or more recently Nest, and integrating them into the larger corporation successfully. Alphabet s high ROIC (26%) reflects management s intelligent approach to capital allocation, and we see no reason for that to change especially after the re-alignment of the company last summer.

Fortunately, the math behind determining an appropriate acquisition price is simple.

If Alphabet were to acquire Twitter at its current price of $16/share, it would be spending $13.9 billion total ($11.4 billion equity, $2.5 billion net liabilities) to acquire -$320 million in after-tax profit (NOPAT). The ROIC earned on this deal would equal -2%, well below GOOGL s top-quintile 26% ROIC and less than the firm s 8% weighted average cost of capital (WACC). To justify paying $16/share, Alphabet would need, at a minimum, Twitter s NOPAT (assuming no capex) to reach $1.1 billion or 8% of the total potential purchase price. At that level, the deal would earn Alphabet an ROIC equal to its WACC, which is still a low and value-neutral hurdle, but at least the deal would not destroy value. For reference, the highest ever NOPAT earned by Twitter was -$49 million in 2012.

How Much Should Alphabet Pay?

To get a sense of how much Alphabet should pay for Twitter and not destroy shareholder value, we can look at reasonable scenarios for how much Alphabet can improve Twitter s business to generate some cash flow. First, we account for liabilities that investors may not be aware of that make TWTR more expensive than the accounting numbers would suggest.

$761 million in off-balance-sheet operating leases (7% of market cap) $118 million in outstanding employee stock options (1% of market cap)

Next, Figures 2 and 3 show the implied stock prices that Alphabet should pay for Twitter to achieve separate  goal ROICs . Each implied price is based on different levels of revenue growth; 23%, 33%, and 43%. These revenue levels are equal to or higher than the consensus estimate for 2016 (23%). In each scenario, we conservatively assume that Alphabet can grow Twitter s revenue and NOPAT without any additional capital spending beyond the purchase price.

Each scenario also assumes Twitter immediately achieves and maintains 7% NOPAT margins, which are the average between Alphabet, Facebook (FB), LinkedIn (LNKD) and Twitter. TWTR s current TTM NOPAT margin is -13.5%. Care.com says Google Capital has made $46.35 mln investment in company  
2016-04-20
Google Stock: This Technology Could Be Big for Alphabet Inc By Jeff Russell, B. Comm., MA Published : April 20, 2016

The Next Catalyst for Google Stock

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock has rewarded investors nicely over the past year, reaping a gain of about 43%. That s an impressive run, especially when you consider that Google is massive, with a market cap of about $527 billion. But now investors are looking for the next catalyst that can send Google stock higher. Here s one, and it could be a game-changer for GOOG stock and how you surf the Internet.

Over the past few years, Google has been laying down fiber optic cable, providing high-speed Internet in a few selected U.S. cities. The service,  Google Fiber,  is reasonably priced and incredibly fast, and it has proven to be very popular in the cities where it s available. That has to do in part because it is a welcome alternative to often-despised cable giants Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ:CMCSA) and Time Warner Inc (NYSE:TWX).

With Fiber, Google says that its goal is to offer fast Internet service for less than what the cable giants charge. Google Fiber offers 1,000 Mbps for $70.00 per month. By comparison, the average Internet speed in the U.S. is 12.6 Mbps. (Source:  Average Internet Speeds Up, But U.S. Still Has Work to Do,  PC Mag, December 18, 2015.) Comcast recently launched a 2,000 Mbps service on its existing cable lines, but you might as well sell your house, as it costs $300.00 per month.

Although it is capable if it wanted to, Google hasn t put the pedal to the metal in laying down cables across the entire country. Google can be a big threat to Comcast and Time Warner, but at this point, the company is a minor annoyance.

But there may be a reason that Google hasn t charged full steam ahead, and it could be big for the search engine giant and Google stock.

Craig Barratt, CEO of the Alphabet division in charge of Fiber, announced the company is working on a plan to beam wireless broadband directly into homes across the U.S. (Source:  Google Fiber wants to beam wireless Internet to your home,  Re/code, April 14, 2016.)

Why is this a big deal?

If Google is successful in implementing the wireless service, it would send shockwaves across the broadband industry, as it would solve the so-called  last mile  problem. That s the part of the broadband connection between the network in a given area and the building that wants Internet and it can be very expensive. Last mile connections are generally only viable in areas that are densely populated.

It s hard to believe but there are still vast swaths of the country that do not have access to high-speed Internet. In 2015, 53% of rural Americans, about 22 million people, lacked access to high-speed broadband. (Source:  2015 Broadband Progress Report,  Federal Communications Commission, February 4, 2015.) This is simply because cable companies won t make a profit laying down cable in the remote areas of Alaska, for example.

This is why the technology Google is working on could upset the industry. Wireless broadband will allow Google to bring Internet service to millions of Americans living in rural areas, something that the established cable giants have no interest in doing. It will also bypass the expensive and very long process of laying down fibre cables under city streets.

The technology could also be big for Google stock because it could pave the path for Google to roll out a nationwide network that will go head to head with the cable giants. I bet hundreds of thousands and maybe even millions would defect from the established Internet cable providers to Google s Internet service. A Google nationwide telecom division would be absolutely huge for the company.

The Bottom Line on Google Stock

If Google gets its wireless broadband Internet off the ground and running, it could uproot an entire industry. And it could also significantly add to Google s bottom line, which will be good news for Google stock shareholders. Alphabet Inc Earnings: Get Paid to Go Long Google Stock (GOOG, GOOGL) Alphabet Inc ( GOOGL , GOOG ) is a fundamentally outstanding company with solid earnings and a rosy outlook. Competition has done nothing but motivate the company to do even better. But what it does after earnings is based on the whims of the market.



Click to Enlarge Google stock spiked last quarter after reporting earnings of $8.67 per share (well above the consensus for $8.11), but quickly reversed to $682 in only four candles.

This reinforces my belief that the short-term reaction to quality earnings is a complete coin flip   we don t know what the company will report, and we don t know how traders will react to it.

Since then, Alphabet has set higher lows, and now it needs to maintain its ascending technical supporting line.

So, the price-action risk to GOOGL is if it loses the $740 area. From there, it could quickly lose another $100. I am not calling for it, but I have to recognize the potential for it. Conversely, Alphabet s earnings can take it to all-time highs. On a fundamental basis, GOOGL can support higher valuations than the one it s currently slapped with.

Trade #1: Buy the GOOGL May $790/$792.50 call spread. This is a bullish trade for which, at last check, you pay $1 per contract. If GOOGL rallies past both legs by mid-May, you stand to double your money. To profit from this trade even easier, you can reduce or even eliminate the out-of-pocket expense by selling risk far below current price levels.

Trade #2: Sell the GOOGL Jan $600 put and collect $13 per contract. Do this only if you re able and willing to buy GOOGL at $600 per share. This leaves you with a 23% price buffer from the current GOOGL stock price.

Since I believe the short-term reaction to earnings is arbitrary, lotto-sized trades are appropriate for earnings.

In addition to these trades, you can also buy a real flyer on GOOGL by spending a small amount on the GOOGL April 22 $840 calls. I have lucked out a few times buying way out-of-the-money calls. But you can only profit if GOOGL stock spikes at the open. The caveat here is that you have to be willing to completely lose the premium spent on this last lotto element without much chagrin.

One thing I almost never do is risk a fortune on at-the-money calls into earnings. Then I d be putting my money in the hands of the market s knee-jerk reactions. If you feel confident in Alphabet stock rising on earnings, then buy the stock outright. At-the-money call values disappear if the earnings move is lower.

Nicolas Chahine is the managing director of SellSpreads.com. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google.com a Dangerous Website? Published By: Angela Campbell on April 20, 2016 11:30 am EST

Seeing how many people use Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) Google s search engine, it is considered to be one of the safest URLs. However, Google has, for some odd reason, tagged its own site as potentially dangerous.

The discovery was made by a Reddit user, and the report explains how Google.com could install malware to the users  computers who benefit from the search engine website on a daily basis.

That being said, the report is not exactly absurd and has some truth to it. It is important to note that the reason why Google s site checker flags the URL for being potentially dangerous is because of the user generated content that it hosts.

The site checker tool, it seems, has not been designed to take various other factors into account when coming to such a conclusion. Additionally, it seems to be confused about what sites are dangerous or not. For instance, it pointed out two lists of sites hosted on Google Groups to contain malicious content, but when checking these sites individually, the tool shows them as being safe.

It will be interesting to know that other URLs like Google.in and Google.co.in are marked as safe. However, users are warned to be wary of dangerous sites hosted on said URLs.

As embarrassing as this is for Google to have its own URL marked as unsafe, it is not something that cannot be fixed. The tech giant has been working on enhancing its platform and making it safer than before, and it has even managed to get rid of several malicious sites along the way, and still does. Even if its URL is being flagged, it is largely because of the content it hosts, which in most cases, does pose a threat to users. Hopefully, Google will provide an explanation regarding this predicament, which it will; seeing how much it is being talked about on social media sites and forums.

The site checker tool, it seems, has not been designed to take various other factors into account when coming to such a conclusion. Additionally, it seems to be confused about what sites are dangerous or not. For instance, it pointed out two lists of sites hosted on Google Groups to contain malicious content, but when checking these sites individually, the tool shows them as being safe.

It will be interesting to know that other URLs like Google.in and Google.co.in are marked as safe. However, users are warned to be wary of dangerous sites hosted on said URLs. Alphabet Inc (GOOG) and Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Coverage Focus On Ad Trends ... Published By: Eunice Gettys on April 20, 2016 03:28 pm EST

Alphabet and Amazon received coverage from Pacific Crest recently. Close on the heels of Kenshoo's discussion of ad trends with emphasis on Facebook and social and search clicks, Pacific Crest has released its views on Alphabet and the growth in search ad spending. Meanwhile Pacific Crest also casts an eye on Amazon's market leading Amazon Web Services which is dominating cloud services.

Pacific Crest has an Overweight rating on search giant Google's parent corporation, Alphabet, and a $190 price target. According to the sell-side's checks for the first quarter, search engine marketing companies have recorded an increase in search clicks, validating a higher spend on search in which Google has almost complete hegemony. This growth in clicks and associated spending have grown substantially from the third quarter of 2015, thanks to Google's SERP changes, and continued to accelerate. SERP continue to be updated and clicks continue to grow but CPCs are down. This information will be of great interest to investors ahead of the company's earnings tomorrow.

On Amazon, Pacific Crest has an Overweight rating and a $800 price target. In the wake of their time at Chicago AWS (Amazon Web Services) Summit, Pacific Crest has come back with increased confidence that Amazon's foray into cloud is paying off big time. This isn't much of a surprise considering that cloud business is booming and Amazon is the leading cloud player with Microsoft and Google in its wake. AWS has cornered the market and is thus positioned for the generational shift from legacy to cloud. The summit highlighted that large enterprises will be one of the drivers of Amazon's cloud business with IaaS among the most attractive of Amazon's cloud products. Amazon is doing a great job cutting down costs in the cloud. That being said, while cloud may become a $10 billion business for Amazon it s still early days for the segment and there s a long road ahead. Alphabet Inc (GOOG): Google's YouTube Has Some Useful Hacks to Enhance Experience Published By: Patrick Arruda on April 20, 2016 03:06 pm EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG) Google s YouTube has become an important part of people s lives. Seeing how important it is and what it means to people, it is clearly a platform unlike any other. Fortunately, the platform can also be tweaked in such a way that the overall experience is enhanced. Keeping this in mind, here are a few hacks to keep things interesting:

Download Audio from YouTube

Instead of relying on extensions, third-party applications and freeware, there is an easier way to download audio from YouTube. To make this possible, all users need to do is to replace  YouTube  with  ListentoYouTube  in the URL.

Block YouTube Ads

Ads are annoying, to say the least, but that does not mean that users cannot get rid of them. To get rid of ads while watching videos, users simply need to replace  YouTube  with  YouTubeskip  in the URL.

Overcome Country Restrictions

Nothing can be as infuriating as coming to realize that a video you were looking forward to is not actually available in your country due to restrictions. So how does one access such a video? Here is an example:

Youtube.com/watch?v=xxxx needs to be reorganized as Youtube.com/v/xxxx.

Download Videos from YouTube

When it comes to downloading videos from YouTube, it can be quite difficult to get the type of quality required for a presentation or to show one s friends. There are a million different downloaders out there, but none of them offer the quality expected of them. However, there is a much easier way to make this possible. Similar to how audio is downloaded from YouTube, users will instead have to replace  YouTube  with  ssyoutube  in the URL.

Keeping the aforementioned hacks and workarounds in mind, it is safe to say YouTube is by far one of the handiest platforms out there. What is interesting is that it already comes with features that allow users to download videos, audio and even get rid of ads; all of this can be done by making slight changes in the URL. There are plenty of other unique features that it has to offer, and it seems that Google wishes its users to explore and find each and every one of them. Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Google Play Music Finally Gets Podcasts Feature; What's New? Published By: Patrick Arruda on April 20, 2016 02:21 pm EST

Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOG) Google promised to introduce podcasts for Play Music last year, and a week ago, there were rumors about it being released the following week. It seems those rumors have finally come true.

The announcement was made in a blog post, and the tech giant explained how the feature would not only be available for the app but for the web as well. However, the company did not comment on whether or not the feature would be making its way to iOS devices. It is safe to assume that the company would in fact release the feature for its rival platform as well, seeing how it is already preparing itself to take on the likes of Apple Music and Spotify.

It is important to note that the feature is not being released globally, and is instead only available in US and Canada; at least for now.

As for what s new, the new feature has been designed in such a way to make it easier for users to find the right podcast. Additionally, there is something for everyone. Whether an individual wants to prepare for a party or have fun at work, the feature has it all including new shows.

Even though podcasts have made their way to Play Music, Google has a lot more to do in order for it to compete with the likes of Apple Music and Spotify. There is no denying the fact that the market is larger than initially expected, but it will be difficult to gain a portion of it if Play Music does not have anything new to offer or something unique to set itself apart from the competition. Keeping this in mind, only time will tell whether Google will be successful in reaching its goals or not. Alphabet Inc - EU charges Google with abusing its Android dominance - Reuters News  
