2017-03-22
Alphabet Inc Risk Points versus Technology 

Alphabet Inc Risk Points versus Technology





Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Risk Points versus Technology (XLK)

2017-03-22





Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever: Option Trading and Truth



Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever:

This is a scatter plot analysis of the critical risk points from the option market for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) compared to its own past and the Technology ETF. In order to examine thelooking risk for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) the next 30-days, we must look to theNow, before we dive into the analysis on GOOGL, we make one critical note since we're talking about options:In the "" sectionon Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) , we're going to take a step back and show in great specificity that there is actuallyin successful option trading than many people know.But that's at the end, now let's jump back into the risk point charting and number crunching for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) . We start by noting that GOOGL is in thesector which means along with some other industries we also compare the company to the closest match we could find, which was the Technology ETF () as a proxy for Alphabet Inc.We have highlighted the IV30  for XLK and for GOOGL in the table below.

CONTEXT: THE INDICES S&P 500 (SPY) IV30 10.4% Nasdaq 100 (QQQ) IV30 10.86% Technology ETF ( XLK ) IV30 11.49% Biotech (IBB) IV30 20.34%

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) GOOGL 52 Week Low IV30 10.62% GOOGL Current IV30 13.99% GOOGL 52 Week High IV30 30.95% GOOGL Current HV30 9.63%

Alphabet Inc Implied Risk Scatter Plot ( a new risk chart, built for option traders )

blue

black

red

green

Thepoint is the current 30-day implied volatility for Alphabet Inc.Thepoint is the current 30-day implied volatility for the Technology ETF (XLK).Thepoint is the 52 week low in IV30  for Alphabet Inc.Thepoint is the 52 week high in IV30  for Alphabet Inc.

The various other scatter plot points in the middle give us risk context outside of the information technology sector.The IV30  is the risk reflected by the option market in the stock price for the* We can see that the risk as reflected by the option market for the next 30-days for Alphabet Inc isthe indices we have charted but isthe Technology ETF (XLK), which we use as a proxy for Alphabet Inc.* We can further see that the current IV30 for Alphabet Inc of 13.99% is closer to theof 10.62% than the annual high of 30.95%. Simply stated, this means that the option market is pricingrisk than the average over the past year.* For some context, we note that the annual range in IV30  for the Technology ETF is between [9.36%, 21.75%] while Alphabet Inc has had a range of [10.62%, 30.95%].Get this same analysis on any ticker here:This is chart was developed for the trader. It allows us to easily see where the forward looking risk for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) lies relative to the last year, and the various major stock groupings and thesector without using time series data, which can confuse the information.While the option market risk rating is on the low side, we note that companies in this situation are still susceptible to sudden stock move risk, it's simply theof that large stock move is depressed. Buyers of options and volatility may find these prices more attractive than at other times. Google Vs. Fake News - A Rangeley Capital Discussion Rangeley Capital's Portfolio Managers, Chris DeMuth and Andrew Walker, discuss Google's issue with fake news advertising; then, they discuss skinny bundles squeezing superfluous TV channels.

Google (GOOG/GOOGL) faces a backlash from advertisers over displaying ads next to inappropriate content such as fabricated news stories. In the UK, McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) suspended marketing on the site due to the proximity of its ads to offensive videos. What, if anything, should Google do? Then we turn to obscure cable channels that cost consumers a bundle. If you have any feedback for us, please feel free to email it to us at podcast@rangeleycapital.com.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Chris DeMuth Jr and Andrew Walker are portfolio managers at Rangeley Capital. We invest with a margin of safety by buying securities at discounts to their intrinsic value and unlocking that value through corporate events. To maximize returns for our investors, we reserve the right to make investment decisions regarding any security without notification except where notification is required by law. This post may contain affiliate links, consistent with the disclosure in such links. We manage diversified portfolios with a multi-year time horizon. Positions disclosed in articles may vary in sizing, hedges, and place within the capital structure. Disclosed ideas are related to a specific price, value, and time. If any of these attributes change, then the position might change (and probably will). The Dirty Secret to Trading Alphabet Inc. (GOOG), Facebook, Inc. (FB) Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) are on a recovery track as they have regained 25.2% since bottoming out at $663.28 on Jun. 27, 2016. Meanwhile, due to an ongoing pressure which caused a decline of almost -1.79% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 7.6% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -2.69% from $853.5 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 21, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 11.91% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to buy Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) s shares projecting a $970.75 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

GOOG s revenue has declined at an average annualized rate of about 0% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 22.2% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Alphabet Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at 21.58%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 16.77%, and the sector s average is 4.76%. In that light, it seems in weak position compared to its peers and sector.

Facebook, Inc. (NASDAQ:FB) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -1.3% since hitting a peak level of $142.31 on Mar. 21, 2017. Thanks to an increase of almost 3.73% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 20.39% so far on the year   still in strong zone. In this case, shares are 30.29% higher from $106.31, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Apr. 27, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 7.66% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $138.51, FB has a chance to add $20.95 or 15.13% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($159.46) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 1.8 looks like a buy. It has a 36-month beta of 0.69 , so you might not be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, Facebook, Inc. s EPS growth has been nearly 62.1%. Sure, the percentage is encouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 23.5%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. Facebook, Inc. s ROE is 19.7%, while industry s is 17.47%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 10.24%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. FB s ROA is 17.87%, while industry s average is 10.24%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 8.14. Google says soon rolling out location sharing on Google maps worldwide  
2017-03-21
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Moves Lower on Volume Spike for March 21 News

Market Summary Follow Alphabet Inc. is a Offers online advertising services Last Price $ 841.70 Last Trade Apr/10 - 16:00 Change $ -0.40 Change Percent -0.05 % Open $ 841.54 Prev Close $ 842.10 High $ 846.74 low $ 840.79 52 Week High $ 874.42 52 Week Low $ 672.66 Market Cap 581,968,489,236 PE Ratio 4.19 Volume 1,044,900 Exchange NGS GOOGL - Market Data & News GOOGL - Stock Valuation Report Trade

Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) traded on unusually high volume on Mar. 21, as the stock lost 2.05% to close at $850.14. On the day, Alphabet Inc. saw 2.51 million shares trade hands on 44,527 trades. Considering that the stock averages only a daily volume of 1.3 million shares a day over the last month, this represents a pretty significant bump in volume over the norm.

Generally speaking, when a stock experiences a sudden spike in trading volume, it may be seen as a bullish signal for investors. An increase in volume means more market awareness for the company, potentially setting up a more meaningful move in stock price. The added volume also provides a level of support and stability for price advances.

The stock has traded between $874.42 and $672.66 over the last 52-weeks, its 50-day SMA is now $842.21, and its 200-day SMA $796.41. Alphabet Inc. has a P/B ratio of 4.23. It also has a P/E ratio of 31.2.

Alphabet Inc through its subsidiary Google Inc is engaged in improving the ways people connect with information & products including Search, Android, YouTube, Apps, Maps & Ads. It also produces internet-connected home devices & provides internet services.

Headquartered in Mountain View, CA, Alphabet Inc. has 72,053 employees and is currently under the leadership of CEO Larry Page.

For a complete fundamental analysis analysis of Alphabet Inc., check out Equities.com s Stock Valuation Analysis report for GOOGL.

Want to invest with the experts? Subscribe to Equities Premium newsletters today! Visit http://www.equitiespremium.com/ to learn more about Guild Investment s Market Commentary and Adam Sarhan s Find Leading Stocks today.

To get more information on Alphabet Inc. and to follow the company s latest updates, you can visit the company s profile page here: GOOGL s Profile. For more news on the financial markets and emerging growth companies, be sure to visit Equities.com s Newsdesk. Also, don t forget to sign-up for our daily email newsletter to ensure you don t miss out on any of our best stories.

All data provided by QuoteMedia and was accurate as of 4:30PM ET.

DISCLOSURE: The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the authors, and do not represent the views of equities.com. Readers should not consider statements made by the author as formal recommendations and should consult their financial advisor before making any investment decisions. To read our full disclosure, please go to: http://www.equities.com/disclaimer Traders Secrets on Alphabet Inc. (GOOG), Northern Trust Corporation (NTRS) Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) plunged -0.44% with the closing price of $848.40. The overall volume in the last trading session was 1.22 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 13.97 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 14.42 and sector s optimum level is 10.63.

Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has earnings decline of -2.90% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 1.80 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $853.40 above its 52-week highs and is up 0.34% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $848.40 a share and the price is up more than 9.92% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 4.30 vs. an industry average at 5.56. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS) ended its day at $88.02 with the rising stream of -0.74% and its total traded volume was 1.22 million shares more than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS)

Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 6.57, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 5.26 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 0.39. Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS), at its latest closing price of $88.02, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.31, compared to an industry average at 2.18. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Northern Trust Corporation (NASDAQ:NTRS), stock is trading $90.74 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of 11.90% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 8.30%. Its share price has decline -1.84% in three months and is down -1.99% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.80. Google Parent Alphabet Inc. Reportedly Appoints New VP To Help Tackle Self ... Self-driving car technology is at a crucial juncture. While self-driving technology is getting more advanced every year and not only the automotive industry, but even the technology industry is interested in it, the legal framework for self-driving technology hasn t matched up yet. Google parent Alphabet Inc. has reportedly appointed Tekedra Mawakana as its new vice president of public policy and government affairs to help navigate the tumultuous government policy on the subject.

 As we take fully self-driving cars to the roads, Tekedra will work with policymakers at all levels to realize the enormous safety, mobility and economic benefits of this technology,  John Krafcik, CEO, Waymo, Google's self-driving project, told Recode on Monday.

Read: Mercedes-Benz Partners With NVIDIA For AI Car

Mawakana has experience in handling government policy affairs at various companies. Prior to the reported new employment, she was the vice president of government policy at eBay and before that, she served as Yahoo s deputy general counsel and held key policy positions at AOL.

Mawakana s hire has come at a time when Google plans to sue Uber over stealing one of its designs via the company s former engineer, Anthony Levandowski. She would, however, be focused on handling government policy rather than private litigation.

Google s self-driving project has been in the works ever since it was first showcased at the Google I/O 2011. The company seems to have taken a different approach to self-driving technology compared to Uber. Unlike the ride-sharing company, which fought with the California department of motor vehicles and then had to finally bow down to government regulation, Google seems to be focused on navigating the legal hurdles to self-driving policy rather than fighting them.

Read: Uber To Apply For Self-Driving Permits In California

Policy on self-driving is slowly gaining the attention of lawmakers. While four states, Georgia, Maryland, Illinois and Tennessee, are in discussion on putting restrictions on self-driving vehicles, the new federal administration under President Donald Trump seems keen on the technology, according to the report.

The federal secretary of transportation had announced post Trump s Senate confirmation that the new administration will review former President Barack Obama s administration s guidelines and make changes after consulting with tech and auto companies. If You Lack Direction On Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), You Need to Read This With all other things going on, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been on a run   rising 6.41 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider Alphabet Inc. a buy, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with Alphabet Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $132.09 below GOOGL s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made strong gains in the past year, as the company has gathered a 14.89% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -0.75% from previous highs of around $874.42 per share on March 17, 2017. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 48.66% since hitting lows of $672.66 on June 27, 2016.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $861.96 and $864.93. In terms of pullbacks, $870.61 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session Alphabet Inc. RSI was seen at 65.53. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) has been put into a buy territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for GOOGL is 88.55. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) moved to around 19.58. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. 
2017-02-14
Run With the Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Bulls Now Did you buy the post-earnings dip in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) last month? Since hitting a low near $812 on Feb. 1, GOOGL stock has steadily bounced back, regaining more than 3% of the ground it lost following a poorly received fourth-quarter earnings report.

But you haven t missed out on the fun. Alphabet stock still has some gas in the tank.



Click to Enlarge Alphabet s bounce from the $812 region was not happenstance. The shares were bolstered by support from their rising 50-day moving average, and a wealth of psychological support from the nearby $800 area. Furthermore, GOOGL stock has been in rally mode since mid-2015, gaining some 53% during this time frame.

In other words, the post-earnings dip was less about poor quarterly results and more about an excuse to take some profits off the table.

However, now that the situation has corrected itself, and Alphabet stock has emerged from an overbought situation, shares should be poised to run higher.

If you took my bullish GOOGL recommendation on Jan. 31 and got into the March $830/$850 bull call spread, you are likely already at breakeven or sitting on a profit for the trade. What s more, the odds of breaking out above $850 have improved significantly in the past couple of weeks.

Alternately, if you took the more neutral-to-bullish option and entered the March $800 put sell, you can all but rest easy now that GOOGL stock is headed higher once again.

If you missed out on those trades, though, there s still time to get in before Alphabet Inc tops out again.

Sentiment for Alphabet remains as bullish as ever, with nearly all of the 48 analysts tracked by Thomson/First Call rating GOOGL stock a  buy.  Additionally, the 12-month price target has risen over the past month to $990.72, and that bodes well for the shares going forward, as it cuts down on the likelihood of downgrades to  hold  over the short-term.

As for options traders, a bit of caution has crept into GOOGL options since Alphabet s quarterly report, but this, too, is healthy for the shares. Currently, the March put/call open interest ratio rests at 0.76, up from pre-earnings readings near 0.85.

Furthermore, peak March call OI rests well overhead at $900, meaning that Alphabet should see little in the way of potential options-related resistance.

Next Page 
2017-01-06
The Key to Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Isn't What You Think It wasn t a good year for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) in 2016. Sure, it generated $17.1 billion in operating income through the first nine months of its current fiscal year on $64.2 billion in revenue, but at the end of the day GOOGL stock only managed a total return for shareholders of 1.9%.

That s on par with its internet content peers, but way off the 12% delivered by the S&P 500. Not good by Google standards.

Holding GOOGL stock back   a bit of a misnomer considering that it has nearly doubled the return of the S&P 500 over the past five years   is a valuation that InvestorPlace contributor Dana Blankenhorn feels is  priced to near-perfection  with a price-earnings ratio of 29 based on a consensus per-share earnings estimate of $26.90 in 2016, $32.25 in 2017 and $36.99 in 2018.

So, analysts expect Alphabet to grow earnings by 17.3% annually over the next two years   that s a two-year PEG ratio of 1.7. By comparison, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ) has a two-year PEG ratio of 1.6 based on annual EPS growth of 29%.

From this perspective, GOOGL stock doesn t look too bad; you have to conclude that either FB is overvalued at this point or GOOGL isn t quite as expensive as people think.

Especially when you consider that there s still gas in Alphabet s tank.

Google Travel Is Fueling GOOGL

Leading the charge is its travel business which has quietly become a key element in Alphabet s success. As the travel vertical prospers, so too does Google and its parent.

According to Dennis Schaal of Skift, Google s travel business will generate an estimated $12.2 billion in advertising revenue in 2016, accounting for 13.7% of Alphabet s projected 2016 revenue of $89.3 billion. Put another way, Google s travel business will generate approximately 1,670% [calculation: $12.2/4 multiplied by 3 divided by Other Bets Q1-Q32016 revenue of $547 million] more revenue in 2016 than its Other Bets segment, which includes much of the innovative work being done by the company, including Nest, Fiber, etc.

On its own, Google Travel would be a pretty large company with operating profits of $3.8 billion. While advertising might be boring, one can t underestimate the importance of this vertical to the company s profitable growth.

And you can forget about Google becoming an online travel agency with this much money on the line. It s not going to cut off its nose to spite the face. It s just not.

 Google s existing revenue from travel advertisers is already considerably larger than that of the Priceline Group Inc (NASDAQ: PCLN ); is roughly twice the size of Expedia Inc s (NASDAQ: EXPE ), and Google generates more travel advertising revenue than that of Expedia, Ctrip (NASDAQ: CTRP ) and TripAdvisor Inc (NASDAQ: TRIP ) combined,  wrote Schaal in his November 2016 article on the subject.  Google undoubtedly takes that travel-advertising revenue and achieves a much higher profit margin on it than do the roster of its online travel, airline, hotel, car rental and cruise partners. 

Next Page Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Acquires Limes Audio To Improve Hangouts Video ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has moved to improve sound quality on its video conferencing app, Hangouts, with the acquisition of Swedish company, Limes Audio. The startup boasts of a technology that has proved to be reliable in removing noise, distortion and echoes, which the tech giant plans to use to improve its conferencing products.

Limes Audio-Hangouts Integration

Terms of the deal remain under wraps, Limes Audio having raised $2.4 million last year in a financing round. In a blog post, the tech giant has confirmed that Limes Audio technology will mostly be integrated into Hangouts and Chromebox for Meetings. With the integration, Limes Audio looks destined to shut down completely even on the app s founders suggesting that they will continue collaborating with the community going forward.

Advanced Real-Time Chart: If not automatically loaded with the correct symbol related to this article, you can manually enter it (ex. AAPL) to update the chart.

The acquisition comes at a time when Google has been aggressive in improving video chat in some of its apps. Hangouts and Chromebox are some of the apps that the company is paying more attention to as it looks to make a name for itself with video conferencing. It has also launched a rival to Microsoft s Skype and Apple FaceTime dubbed, Duo, which boasts of one-to-one video calling capabilities.

Hangouts Sound Quality

Upgrading hangouts sound quality should go a long way in affirming Google credentials on video conferencing an area it has played a secondary role to Microsoft s Skype.

 As more and more businesses adopt our video conferencing solutions, powered by Chromebox for Meetings and Google Hangouts, it s critical that we provide a great audio experience. With G Suite customers now relying on video communications for their day-to-day meetings, it s more important than ever to ensure low-cost, high-quality audio,  said Google Cloud Director of Product Management Serge Lachapelle

Limes Audio acquisition has once again reaffirmed Sweden s pool of talent that has seen a number of startups acquired in the recent past by tech giants. The startup follows another acquisition a communication company, Marratech that Google acquired for $15 million in 2007 later on followed by data visualization startup Trendalyzer. 
2017-02-07
Google announces Google cloud search for G suite business,enterprise customers  YouTube announces new mobile live streaming feature to every YouTube user with more than 10,000 subscribers  
2017-01-10
10 Reasons to Buy Alphabet Inc Stock and Never Sell Saying that you're going to buy a stock and never sell it seems a bit audacious. And in truth, it is: The future is simply unknowable. But I've owned shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL)(NASDAQ:GOOG) -- formerly known as Google -- for almost a decade, and I can't fathom a circumstance under which I'd consider parting with my shares.

Currently, shares of the company make up a whopping 13% of my family's real-life stock holdings. But we're totally comfortable with that allocation.

Here's why:

1. The company's flagship product has a dominant market (and mind) share

If you're sitting around the dinner table arguing about a provable fact, you resolve the dispute by simply "Googling" the answer. The fact that the name is so embedded in our lexicon speaks volumes to the search engine's dominance.

According to Statista, Alphabet's Google search owns 90.4% of the global market on desktops. And perhaps more important, according to NetMarketShare, it commands 93.8% of the mobile search market share globally.

2. It boasts six other products with over 1 billion users

But as you're probably well aware, Google is much more than just search. It has six other applications with over 1 billion users. These include Gmail, YouTube, Google Maps, Chrome, Android, and Google Play Store.

3. That all adds up to a lot of data

"Sure," you might say, "but the company doesn't charge for most of those products. That's not great business."

While you'd be right, you'd be missing out on what's dubbed the "oil of the information age": data. With every user in all seven of those aforementioned apps, the company is able to collect gobs of data. In fact, I don't think it would be too hard to argue that Google has more data on the people walking this earth than any other organization, at any other time in human history.

4. At its heart, it is still an advertising company

That data is worth billions to advertisers. In the old days, companies would try to target their audience by putting ads in magazines or newspapers where potential customers might be lurking. But the feedback loop wasn't great: Advertisers never knew just how effective that ad spending was.

Not so anymore. With Google's advertising platform, companies get real-time feedback on how efficiently their ads are being placed, and how much business they produce. Given the data hoard that the company has, ads placed through Google can be more targeted to the perfect customer than any other available source. That's a huge moat for the company.

It also helps explain why Google advertising brought in $67 billion in sales last year for the company, or 90% of all revenue.

5. Digital ads are poised to grow

If you think you've missed the boat, rest assured you haven't. A March 2016 report from eMarketer shows that there's still a lot of room for internet advertising to grow.

And with TV still retaining one-third of the global market share in 2019, I can only imagine that the runway for internet ad growth will continue for much of the next decade.

6. The company is more than a one-trick pony

Back to that name change, from "Google" to "Alphabet." You might better understand the reasoning if you look at the new corporate name as "Alpha-Bet." This rendering of the name reflects the company's practice of taking a lot of moonshot bets on revolutionary technologies outside its main search and data-capturing business.

This is what famed trader, academic, and thinker Nassim Taleb would call a barbell approach: having a large a reliable stream of revenue on one side while taking lots of small bets on the other. While the likelihood of any one moonshot succeeding is small, all it will take is one or two winners over the next decade to make a meaningful difference for shareholders.

What are these moonshots? We probably don't know all of them, but the ones we do include self-driving cars, a connected home, a life sciences company, and lightning-fast internet connection.

7. Its mission statement is memorable

I'm a sucker for a good mission statement. When it is clear and powerful, it can be the compass that helps guide management and employees alike toward a common goal.

Google's mission statement is: "To organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful."

The mission of new-formed parent company Alphabet is multifaceted but can be broken down to: "Getting more ambitious things done[,] ... empowering great entrepreneurs and companies to flourish ... [and] as a result of all this, improving the lives of as many people as we can."

Those are both powerful and flexible enough objectives to keep the company relevant in a quickly changing world.

8. It has soul in the game

Lest you think that you might have a few executives who are in this for short-term gain, Alphabet is still run by its co-founders, Larry Page and Sergey Brin. Together, they -- along with all of the other company executives and board members -- own almost 48 million shares of Alphabet, and account for 60% of the company's voting power. To put the number of shares in perspective, it is equivalent to almost $40 billion at today's prices.

9. The proof is in the culture

Another metric that's often overlooked is a company's culture. If Page and Brin really do want to accomplish the ambitious goals they've laid out, they need a stable and motivated workforce to get things done.

To get an idea for the company's approach, a 2010 filing with the SEC stated that "[monetary] incentives are secondary to career growth, work environment, and engaging work opportunities. We seek to develop a highly motivated and collaborative workforce that pursues achievements for the sake of progress and innovation before individual gain."

Based on employee reviews on Glassdoor.com, I'd say the company is doing pretty well.

10. There is lots of cash to make it work

Finally, if you've got a company that's going to be taking lots of small bets that can be costly, it's good to know that management is sitting on a pretty expansive war chest. And that's what you get with Alphabet.

Long-term debt: $3.9 billion

Cash, short-, and long-term investments: $88.8 billion

This, and the other nine reasons above, helps me sleep well at night knowing my family is invested in -- and likely won't sell for a long time -- such a company. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Considers Selling Satellite Business to Planet Labs Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG ,NASDAQ: GOOGL ) is considering selling its satellite business to Planet Labs.

The project is called Terra Bella and Alphabet first acquired it three years ago for $500 million, but it looks like the company is ready to rid itself of it. The satellite business was designed by the company to help in aiding areas in need such as disaster regions.

Terra Bella has also helped to expand the less-fortunate areas around the world that have no access to the Internet as it offers free connection. It has also helped to improve Google Maps, which is as accurate as ever, offering images of roads, paths and the terrain of most countries around the world.

If a sale goes through, the proceeds will help to fund some of Google s new projects which could become core assets in years to come. These include advancement in the drones business, as well as a commitment towards advancing autonomous driving technology and robotics.

The self-driving vehicle technology has quickly become a key part of Alphabet s future as the company has spun off this part of its business into a stand-alone segment called Waymo. One of the vehicles developed by the company is being featured at the ongoing Detroit Auto Show 2017, which features the hottest vehicles of the year ahead of their release.

GOOG shares fell 0.1% Tuesday, while GOOGL stock declined 0.1%.

More From InvestorPlace 
2017-02-18
Alphabet Inc unit Google Might Launch Fiber Wireless Internet This Year Google, a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), (NASDAQ:GOOG), is no longer interested in a fiber optic internet cable service. But it does not mean that the company is going to abandon Fiber. Instead of using fiber optic cables, the company is planning to use a wireless technology to spread its high-speed internet to many U.S. cities and metropolitan areas, according to a report from Wired.

Alphabet has halted the expansion of its Fiber internet service. The company is reportedly moving hundreds of employees to other departments at Google. Fiber internet service is being managed by Google Access division.

Google Fiber

Google Fiber was launched in 2010. It was first introduced to the Kansas City metropolitan area. The service is then expanded to Austin, and Provo, Atlanta, Charlotte, Raleigh Durham, Nashville, Salt Lake City, and San Antonio.

Fiber offers four options, depending on customer s location: a 100 MB internet option; a 1 GB option; a 100 MB + TV option; and a 1GB + TV option.

Access recently appointed a new CEO. Greg McCray is a broadband veteran who has been tasked with finding new ways to bring faster and presumably cheaper high-speed internet access to the rest of the country.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

Access  restructuring will not affect the places where Fiber is already available, according to the report. The company is still pushing forward with plans to offer Fiber in Nashville, Louisville, and San Antonio.

Fiber Future Looks More Wireless

Providing a high-speed internet though the traditional cables-in-the-ground is expensive. And Google is eyeing high-speed wireless internet as a way to bypass more expensive traditional broadband.

Last year, Google bought Webpass, a company that beams high-speed broadband via networks of small antennas. The company has been in business for 13 years and has a large presence in California, as well as in San Diego, Miami, Miami Beach, Coral Gables, Chicago, and Boston. Webpass might allow Fiber to provide the high-speed internet to individual customers by tapping into existing fiber optic infrastructure without having to string new cables along utility poles or dig up people s yards.

Fiber is testing new wireless technologies in Kansas City. It could expand those experiments to other cities as well. Meanwhile, the company petitioned the Federal Trade Commission to open up more of the wireless spectrum that Webpass uses, which could enable Fiber to expand wirelessly much more quickly, according to the Wired report.

Alphabet is still trying to figure out how to be an internet service provider. There is a possibility that the company could one-day resume efforts to bring actual fiber into homes if it can figure out a way that costs a lot less money. But for now, the future of Google s high-speed internet looks decidedly wireless.

 Google Fiber remains focused on our customers and cities. We want to bring Google Fiber to customers faster, so we re focused on making deployment more efficient and less intrusive,  Fiber said in a statement. 
2017-02-17
Is It Time to Get Cautious on Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (GOOGL)? Two analysts are out with less-than-favorable views on popular tech giants Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Whereas Barclays chimes in from the sidelines on Apple, wary on ebbing price tends for the iPhone, Wedbush sees reasons to be troubled on Alphabet s future and lays out a case to sell shares. Let s take a closer look:

Apple Is Starting to Lose Steam

Barclays analyst Mark Moskowitz continues to warn Apple investors to slow the party on the giant as prospective iPhone consumers are increasingly turning to iPhone-lite prototypes, a.k.a. smartphones at a fraction of the cost. This  mix down  has left the analyst cautious on AAPL prospects moving forward, even after the giant outclassed its rival Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (KRX:005930) in quarterly results.

The analyst reiterates an Equal Weight on shares of AAPL with a $123 price target, which represents a just under 9% decrease from current levels.

For those that would argue the iPhone 7 Plus performed well during the holiday season, Moskowitz believes more importantly, the average selling price for Apple s money-maker is starting to trend with less steam.

The analyst explains,  In our view, customers increasingly mixing down could signal that the era of  must-have  technology in smartphones has peaked, potentially weighing on both Apple and the broader smartphone market. Despite the success of the iPhone 7 Plus in Dec-Q, total iPhone units with an ASP above $700 remained flat Y/Y at 58% of total units.  For all the buzz factor surrounding the highly-anticipated iPhone X, the 10th anniversary edition model, the analyst does not hold out much hope it will set back the dip in ASP trends.

Ultimately,  Apple s stock may continue to appreciate in the near term as investors focus on 1) the  what s next?  (services, content, M&A) and 2) the next capital return authorization later this spring. After that, the focus will likely return to long-term fundamentals and whether the next iPhone cycle (IP8) can drive a meaningful growth cycle (10%-plus) exiting C2017. Here, we remain sceptical and believe that mixing down by smartphone users and longer replacement cycles could result in a more subdued growth profile (i.e., single digits),  Moskowitz concludes, dismissive that the long-term growth players on the table from India to services to AI will become  [ ] potential  what s next?  opportunities to emerge as major needle movers [ ]  in the forthcoming year for AAPL.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Mark Moskowitz is ranked #368 out of 4,459 analysts. Moskowitz has a 59% success rate and garners 11.2% in his yearly returns. When recommending AAPL, Moskowitz gains 35.2% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Based on 35 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 28 are bullish on Apple stock and 7 remain sidelined. With a return potential of 4%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $141.21.

Why You Should Sell Alphabet Stock

Wedbush analyst James Dix is cagey on Alphabet stock, considering a staunch rise in competition, from the likes of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Apple, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), and Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX). Outlining an updated bearish thesis, the analyst raises a red flag and reiterates an Underperform rating on GOOGL with a price target of $700, which represents a close to 17% downside from where the shares last closed.

First, the analyst underscores that while Alphabet has captured approximately 90% of market share in paid search, the company confronts risk for downside. Consider in the e-commerce battle field, Amazon has an enticing direct media offering; Apple s iOS  ecosystem  is nipping at the giant s heels, particularly after the rival s app store launching of paid search ads this past quarter; and Facebook is not only competition in regards to the overall mobile picture, but also in regards to digital advertisements.

Second, Dix highlights,  Mobile phone is not a good search security blanket. Investors have been lulled by GOOGL s improved mobile search monetization over the past year into a false sense of security about the health of paid search advertising trends. We believe that a meaningful cross-section of marketers is pulling back on paid search ad spending with GOOGL. 

Third, though Alexa initially intrigued investors, the analyst maintains caution in the long-run.  Alexa s voice: the siren song that could become a swan song for search. Voice search on Alexa exemplifies search s increasing interface risk, which GOOGL management addresses on conference calls with  early days  generalities,  continues Dix.

Fourth, the analyst warns that Netflix is trouncing YouTube in terms of television play, opining,  YouTube (YT) has not made major inroads into TV. NFLX has disrupted TV far more than YT has. Amazon Prime is a more significant player in Hollywood than YT. Recent checks indicate informed skepticism on traction of YT s likely VMVPD offering, as a marketing and sub acquisition challenge for an ad-centric company. 

Finally,  We do not expect margin mojo from GOOGL profitability has downside risk,  Dix contends.

According to TipRanks, five-star analyst James Dix is ranked #379 out of 4,459 analysts. Dix has a 71% success rate and realizes 14.2% in his yearly returns. However, when recommending GOOGL, Dix loses 1.3% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics indicate GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Out of 28 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 26 rate a Buy on GOOGL stock, 1 maintains a Hold, while 1 issues a Sell. The 12-month average price target stands at $1,002.35, marking a 19% upside from where the stock is currently trading. Google: Is The Pixel A Success?  Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS), Alphabet ... Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:SWKS) gained 0.33% with the closing price of $92.43. The overall volume in the last trading session was 1.29 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (NASDAQ:SWKS) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 24.51 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 1.42 and sector s optimum level is 9.41.

Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) have shown a high EPS growth of 34.20% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 26.50% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.30 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $94.49 above its 52-week highs and is down -0.04% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $92.43 a share and the price is up more than 24.18% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 4.65 vs. an industry average at 2.27. Its sales stood at 18.30% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) ended its day at $824.16 with the rising stream of 0.63% and its total traded volume was 1.28 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 13.97, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 14.50 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 9.41. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), at its latest closing price of $824.16, it has a price-to-book ratio of 4.16, compared to an industry average at 5.49. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), stock is trading $841.95 above the 52-week high. The 1 year EPS growth rate is -3.20% . Its share price has risen 8.66% in three months and is up 1.80% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 1.90 . Google parent company Alphabet scraps plan to blanket globe with Internet balloons In 2013, Google ran its first tests for Project Loon, an ambitious effort to circulate broadband-emitting balloons across the globe. On Thursday, the company said that s not necessary anymore.

Executives at the project said they have found ways to run the program with fewer balloons. Rather than building a worldwide network, the team will now launch a small number of balloons into particular regions that need internet access. That will accelerate the project s path toward becoming an actual commercial operation, the Loon team said. The announcement is consistent with moves across Google parent Alphabet Inc. to curb costs at its riskier, expensive projects.

 We can now run an experiment with 10 or 20 or 30 balloons,  said Astro Teller, the head of X, the Alphabet division that houses Project Loon.  The service has a much better chance of ultimately being profitable. 

Teller said the team will be testing with telecommunications providers  in the coming months. 

Loon engineers turned to the computing power of Google to improve the navigational system of the balloons, the company said Thursday at the X headquarters in Mountain View, California. In the past, Loon had faced some issues with renegade balloons that floated into unexpected airspace or crashed. Relying on fewer balloons will also reduce the costs of the X project, although the executives didn t say by how much.

The lofty endeavour, which has focused on providing Internet access to remote regions of the world, has garnered significant attention but, so far, produced little business progress. Loon announced a partnership with Indonesian telecommunications providers in 2015. In August, an X spokeswoman said testing for that effort hadn t started. It has been testing in Sri Lanka and in Peru.

On Thursday, Loon leaders said the strategic adjustment will help move the project closer to generating revenue.  We think it makes it possible that Loon could be useful for people radically sooner than we thought,  said Sal Candido, an engineer at the project.

In August, the leader of Loon, Mike Cassidy, stepped down. His replacement, Tom Moore, came from satellite-based broadband service provider WildBlue Communications Inc. The hire fit a trend: Alphabet has brought in seasoned hands to try to convert its riskiest projects into commercial enterprises. Moore wasn t in attendance at Thursday announcement.

Since August, Alphabet has reduced spending on several experimental efforts, cutting some completely. Another far-field internet access project, the Titan drone at X, was shuttered last year, with some of the staff moving over to Loon. 
2017-03-29
Is Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) the Best FANG Stock to Buy? A few weeks ago, I touched on the so-called  FANG  stocks. The acronym covers popular stocks like Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ), Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX ) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL )   formerly Google, making up the  G.  But after delving into that from 10,000 feet, I wanted to jump specifically into GOOGL stock.

I was very upbeat about Alphabet in the assessment. Despite the optimism, though, we suggested waiting for a pullback. In fact, our very words were:

 At just a hair under all-time highs, now may not be the best time to buy. A retest of its 50-day moving average near $840 and a further decline to its 200-day moving average near $800 would offer better entry opportunities. 

So with GOOGL stock stumbling of late, where does it leave us?

According to the charts, right where we wanted.

Alphabet s Issues

Alphabet s YouTube ran some controversial ads. Running alongside them, though, included ads from McDonald s Corporation (NYSE: MCD ), AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T ), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ ) and others. As a result, many of these brands have pulled or suspended their advertisements with the search and video giant. That sounds like bad news, and at least temporarily, it is.

The news pushed Alphabet stock below its 50-day moving average for the first time since late-December. However, my first thought was immediately that if one didn t want to buy the stock immediately after the breach of the 50-day MA, they could wait until it hit the 100- or 200-day moving averages, or safer still, wait for a bounce.

That s just what we ve gotten.



GOOGL stock has since rebounded off the 100-day and is now challenging its 50-day moving average. A breakthrough here would mean enormous things for the stock, including a push toward all-time highs.

We took a look at Alphabet s technical aspects, but what about its fundamentals?

What Makes GOOGL Stock Look So Good?

When we sorted through the FANG stocks, Alphabet was our favorite in regards to fundamentals.

First, consider its brand. There is no question who is the undisputed leader in search. There s a reason people don t say,  I don t know, Bing it.  Or  who knows, just Ask Jeeves.  Google is the king of search and until the internet dies, it s unlikely GOOGL will either.

In fact, Alphabet s Google site is the most visited website in the world. Interestingly enough, its YouTube property is ranked second. Even Google.co.in   the Google used in India   is ranked seventh in the world.

Alphabet has a grip so strong it s unlikely it will ever be broken. For a long-term shareholder in GOOGL, that s money in the bank.

As the quarters and years go by, Alphabet s core businesses will continue to line investors  pockets. Its consistency is attractive, but other bets look promising too.

For better or for worse, Alphabet takes some chances known as  moonshots.  Take for instance, the company s self-driving car business. Alphabet s been at this one for a long time. Renamed Waymo, the unit has been making breakthroughs, which is very promising in this suddenly strong growth market. Without moonshots, Waymo would have never been created. It s what makes Google, Google.

Next Page Alphabet Inc Responds To Advertiser Protest, Allows Monitoring Preferred Content GOOGL   In response to advertiser protest, Google now allows more controls over preferred content to screen for potentially objectionable topics.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has made some adjustments to how advertisers can control the type of content their ads appear next to, after several advertisers suspended business with Google amid objectionable content concerns.

As Record reports, this type of monitoring was already available elsewhere, but has simply been extended into a areas:

The search giant already allows this type of monitoring in certain areas. But what s new here is that Google will allow a third-party company to monitor videos that are part of Google s so-called preferred advertising program, which only includes higher-quality videos or YouTube channels with large followings, such as PewDiePie.

PewDiePie is a YouTube star whose allegedly anti-Semitic videos caused a huge stir with advertisers whose ads were posted alongside of it. Google nixed PewDiePie (real name Felix Kjellberg) from its preferred ad program as a result, and Disney dropped its partnership with him as well.

As we reported last month, many advertisers   especially ones based in the U.K.   pulled their ads from Google s platforms citing concerns of associating their brand with questionable content. This objectionable content includes hate-based videos along with those espousing  extremist  political views, and other offensive types of content.

It remains to be seen whether these new controls will be effective enough to lure skittish advertisers back to its platforms or not.

Alphabet Inc shares were trading at $848.61 per share on Wednesday afternoon, up $7.98 (+0.95%). Year-to-date, GOOGL has gained 7.09%, versus a 5.34% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.

GOOGL currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 43 stocks in the Internet category. How Does Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Stack Up Right Now? Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $820.92, up from yesterday s close by 0.17%. Given the stock s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company s recent data.

Fundamental Analysis

Money managers are always interested in a company that can find the right recipe of fundamental data because it reflects something important going on underneath the surface. Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) currently trades with a market capitalization of $558.98 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 22.20 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company s last quarterly report.

The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For GOOG, the company currently has $12.78 Billion of cash on the books. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $25.83 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $9.53 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 0.35% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors.

Technical Analysis

No analysis is ever complete without a thorough survey of a stock s technical behavior. Looking at the stock s movement on the chart, Alphabet Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $853.50. It is now trading 32.58% off that level. The stock is trading $823.30 its 50-day moving average by 2.38%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $663.28.

In recent action, Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has made a move of -0.28% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 1.54, and it s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.43% with $598.74 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of GOOG. Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) shares to see major resistance at $846.6 With all other things going on, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been on a run   rising 4.06 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider Alphabet Inc. a buy, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with Alphabet Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $159.37 below GOOGL s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made strong gains in the past year, as the company has gathered a 9.76% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -4.02% from previous highs of around $874.42 per share on March 17, 2017. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 48.66% since hitting lows of $672.66 on June 27, 2016.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $826.3 and $833.47. In terms of pullbacks, $846.6 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session Alphabet Inc. RSI was seen at 40.69. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) has been put into a buy territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for GOOGL is 24.75. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) moved to around 67.42. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. Ad Wars: YouTube And Herd Mentality YouTube is safe for now and will most likely remain the market leader until AR and VR become mainstream.

The reach of the Google Display Network further extends YouTube s reach via its Lightbox ads.

Some competitors might be closing the gaps but it s too early to project scary numbers.

YouTube s recent ad problem is barely a scratch on the surface of its highly-polished IP and competitive advantage.

Welcome to the herd mentality and the struggle to fit it.

The oil boom of the 90s meant the likes of Exxon Mobil (XOM) and General Electric (GE) were the most valuable stocks on planet earth by market cap during the turn of the millennium.





Some game-changing innovations later, the chart above reveals the new global giants.

Software money never sleeps. Better still, advertisement money on steroids because the current generation of tech giants have carefully shrouded their cash machine from us in the pursuit of moonshots.

For Alphabet (GOOGL), it is AdWords and YouTube. For Facebook (FB), it is the reach of the social network buoyed by Instagram, Facebook Messenger, and WhatsApp.

While Alphabet and Facebook have gazed beyond the surface into far-reaching possibilities via YouTube and Instagram, it is hard to justify the same for other platforms like Snap (SNAP) and Twitter (TWTR).

The commonality for all four is video ads.

How do they stack? Firstly, a peep into the future.

While TV is bound to keep its edge as the leading cost bucket for video advertisement, digital video ads have been projected to grow at a faster rate.

The growth in demand for video ads will be driven by the consumption of more instant/live content. As more internet users spend time on native and web apps, inventory for video ads will build up given the increasing accessibility to faster and cheaper internet, the growing internet population, and the increasing simplification of video content creation tools.

Source: eMarketer

In a new report released by Google, users now watch an astonishing 1 billion hours of video on a daily basis. This means more video ad revenue largely driven by the core YouTube algorithm which targets ads with longer viewability as compared to other video success metrics like the click-through-rate.

No other platform has achieved such feat thus far. In the chart above, an eMarketer survey reveals the huge demand for video ad placement on YouTube as against other platforms. With Facebook coming second while Twitter came in at a distant 7th, Snap was unranked.

All 4 platforms are keen on ramping up demand for their video ad inventory this year. At the forefront is Google, which has an enviable partnership with its content creators who are motivated to continue to produce top notch content on the platform. Google also has the advantage of extending its ad inventory with its Lightbox ads which can be served on its display network.

The Google display network consists of over 2 million websites reaching over 90% of internet users including Google AdSense, DoubleClick Ad Exchange publisher and blogger. This magnifies the reach of Google s video ad inventory for YouTube.

Facebook continues to experiment with live videos. It currently serves video ads in the newsfeed of its users. It has been able to expand the reach of its video ads with Instagram. The recent mimicry of key Snap features continues to add to the engagement and stickiness of IG, making it a growth machine for future battles for market share. However, it isn t garnering as much interest as expected.

A recent report by CNBC highlights the drawback in the rapid adoption of video ads on FB. Advertisers cited a lack of trust on the contextual content next to the video ads as well as problems with measurability. This makes it hard to make a case for premium pricing of some of its inventory, something Google currently enjoys on YouTube with its masthead inventory going for more than $300,000 per day.

However, Facebook s leadership is resolved to stop at nothing to build its inventory and ramp up demand for video ads. As a part of this effort, it is paying publishers to create quality content on the platform.

In terms of ad quality, Facebook tends to favor short-form video ads which have better completion and engagement rate. YouTube is responding with short video ads called bumpers ads which are non-skippable and play for less than six seconds.

This will break the consumer s traditional desire to skip native pre-roll ads.

On Twitter, Periscope continues to drive the creation of live videos. Though management is resolved to direct more focus to video ad inventories, it isn t arguable that it has the reach and cost-effectiveness of other platforms given its capped DAU. However, engagement rate has been increasing. Currently, the platforms record 1 million hours of video per day, a meager number compared to competitors'.

On Snapchat, over 150 million daily active users spend up to 25-30 minutes on the platform. Assuming a third of that time is spent consuming video content, that gives us 90 million hours of video consumption. This is a far cry from YouTube s 1 billion milestone.

On the other hand, Facebook had achieved the milestone of 100 million hours of video consumption since 2016, putting it ahead of Snap.

Snap s advantage currently lies in the premium pricing it enjoys on its ad inventory. While it is yet to match other platforms in reach and measurement, its high level of engagement means it can carve out a niche for itself amongst millennials.

With an estimated FY 2017 revenue of 1 billion, it still has a long way to go. With a projected market size of 11.72 billion, assuming video ads generate a third of Snap s revenue, that gives a market share of 2.8% in FY 2017.

Conclusion

Near term, Google will continue to dominate the market for video ads due to the wide reach of its advertisement networks. However, Facebook stands a chance to close the gap with a better measurement API and this can be further accelerated by getting 1 billion users on Instagram.

Twitter s growth will most likely continue to stagnate until a better revenue model is put in place. The success of live streaming videos will continue to be capped by the declining growth in DAUs which has been driven by the troll accounts that have infested the platform. Like Snap, it needs to carve out a niche for itself to win on pricing, having lost the battle for reach.

The growing trend for AR and VR means platforms like Snap and competitors like Facebook which are investing heavily in AR (augmented reality) and VR (Oculus) will have an edge when the global internet audience adopts surreal reality as the de facto means of consuming internet content.

Source: Simply Wall St

Investors are safer with Alphabet as it currently trades at an attractive EV/EBITDA multiple compared to its peers.

GOOGL EV to EBITDA (Forward) data by YCharts

YouTube has been playing an increasingly bigger role as a driver of Alphabet's growth. With the growing mix shift from premium desktop ad inventories to mobile ads, the demand for video consumption will provide more margins expansion as investors are currently discounting the low-profit margins for mobile ads.

The stickiness of the platform driven by the smart bidding capabilities (AI-driven) of Google's ad engine will ensure advertisers remain on the platform as they derive a greater ROI from their ad campaigns. This will drive a higher retention rate, thereby reducing marginal downsides for Google's ad business which currently accounts for the bigger part of its profit margins.

As more advertisers in developing countries adopt PPC advertisement, we should expect more volume-driven growth till the ad auctions become competitive enough to trigger price-driven growth.

Elsewhere, Facebook offers more prospects for faster growth. We can t say if Snap will be around for much long; however, it stands the chance of being acquired if growth stagnates given the attractiveness of its IPs.

I believe Alphabet remains a long-term buy due to its competitive moat and IP trove which will continue to give it an edge in the digital ad industry.

If you like my article and would like to stay up-to-date on the next one, you can click the "Follow" button next to my profile.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Latest Stocks: The Koch Industries Inc. Acquires Shares of 286 Alphabet Inc ... Koch Industries Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor acquired 286 shares of the company s stock, valued at approximately $227,000.

Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the stock. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its position in shares of Alphabet by 1,116.6% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 554,276 shares of the company s stock valued at $439,667,000 after buying an additional 508,715 shares during the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Alphabet during the fourth quarter valued at $348,302,000. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Alphabet by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 11,804,134 shares of the company s stock valued at $9,354,187,000 after buying an additional 342,368 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Alphabet by 5.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 4,309,629 shares of the company s stock valued at $3,465,200,000 after buying an additional 213,418 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Jensen Investment Management Inc. bought a new position in shares of Alphabet during the third quarter valued at $134,941,000. 34.98% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) opened at 839.65 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $580.55 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.12 and a beta of 0.98. The firm s 50-day moving average is $847.40 and its 200 day moving average is $816.70. Alphabet Inc has a 12-month low of $672.66 and a 12-month high of $874.42.

Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $9.36 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters  consensus estimate of $9.64 by $0.28. Alphabet had a return on equity of 14.85% and a net margin of 21.58%. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $8.67 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Alphabet Inc will post $33.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.

A number of research firms recently commented on GOOGL. Vetr raised shares of Alphabet from a  buy  rating to a  strong-buy  rating and set a $880.83 price target on the stock in a research report on Thursday, November 24th. Robert W. Baird reaffirmed an  outperform  rating and set a $930.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Sunday, December 4th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reaffirmed a  positive  rating and set a $1,000.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Sunday, March 19th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a  buy  rating and set a $970.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Thursday, December 29th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets raised their price target on shares of Alphabet from $960.00 to $1,000.00 and gave the stock an  outperform  rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating, thirty-nine have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of  Buy  and a consensus price target of $965.12.

About Alphabet

Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.

Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GOOGL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Google says bringing Google Calendar to the iPad  
2017-03-08
Movado Group announces a partnership with Google to launch Movado Connect  
2017-01-25
Alphabet: Buy The Advertising Business And Get The Rest For Free Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) is one of those companies that receives a lot of coverage with a wide range of price targets. While it is difficult to peg a price target on Alphabet with traditional valuation methods, I believe there is sufficient evidence that a large margin of safety exists at the current price level. I like to frame the opportunity something like this: Alphabet's Google division alone can easily justify the current stock price of a little more than $800 per share, with the venture capital arm and "other bets" essentially trading for free.

Google division easily worth $800 per share

With revenue growth around 20% and a forward PE of near 20 after accounting for the net cash on the balance sheet, the valuation is very reasonable (and this includes the losses from Other Bets). The secular growth in online advertising revenue is showing no signs of slowing down. The Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB) reported in their Internet Advertising Revenue Report that online advertising has increased at a 17% clip since 2005, and was up 20% YoY in 2015. Mobile ad growth is the primary reason for the recent acceleration.

The pace has kept up thus far in 2016. IAB reported in their Q3 2016 update that internet ad revenues climbed 20% YoY again in the quarter. Alphabet appears to be holding their market share, even with the surging Facebook, as they also announced similar revenue growth during the Q3 period.

Surging internet ad revenue has come at the expense of the traditional media outlets, a trend expected to continue. Adding the broadcast and cable television lines together in the graph above you see that in 2015 internet ad revenue has caught up to television ad revenue. We will see internet ad revenue surpass broadcast and cable revenue for the first time in 2016.

In addition to being the most dominant player in search, Google has yet to seriously monetize their YouTube and Maps platforms, both of which have over one billion monthly users. Google is set up well to at least maintain their market share in fast growing interned advertising space, making a 20 P/E multiple look like a bargain.

I love me some free options:

While it is easier to illustrate why the downside at this price is limited for Alphabet, it is much harder to estimate a fair value. This is because the company has so many other bets spread around, each with option-like payoff profiles. What I mean by this is that the payoff on each investment is very similar to that of an out-of-the-money call option. The cost to acquire the option is small, but the most likely scenario is a loss of the capital invested. However, there is a small probability that payoff could be huge and uncapped. The more bets Alphabet makes into these potentially disruptive technologies and innovations, the more likely one of them turns into a home run. The payoffs of these bets are highly uncertain, but getting them for free is clearly a great value.

Autonomous vehicles, artificial intelligence, drone delivery, robotics and new forms of high-speed internet services are just a few examples of some of these other bets that could potentially yield high payoffs. Additionally, the venture capital arm could strike it rich with a timely investment in the next disruptive technology.

There are also plenty of bets going on inside of the Google division, which too are not properly valued in the share price. Of these, cloud services probably has the biggest potential. Google recently introduced Google Cloud as a new business unit that includes their collaboration and productivity applications, machine learning and data analytics tools, and application program interfaces. Google's access to vast amounts of data and their advancements and investments in machine learning and artificial intelligence should prove a compelling value proposition for cloud customers.

Revenues from Google's cloud services are not broken out from the rest of Google revenues in their SEC filings, but management has indicated that cloud is growing quickly and that they are investing heavily. In Q3, Google other revenue (the line cloud rolls up under) was $2.4 billion, up 39% YoY with the growth explained on the earnings call as "driven by Play and Cloud" and that the cloud platform had the largest YoY growth of any revenue line.

Another signal from the earnings call that shows how much the company is investing in cloud is headcount growth, which grew 5% in Q3 alone, to 69,953. CFO Ruth Porat clarified that the "vast majority of new hires were engineers and product managers to support growth in priority areas such as cloud."

If even a modest market share were eventually carved out in this fast growing and highly profitable space, the effect on the stock price could be quite large. In their semi-annual Public Cloud Customer Research report, TBR forecasts that the public cloud market will reach $167B by 2020. In the report TBR also estimates that Google cloud revenues were $2.8B in 2015, or roughly 3.4% of the market. Based on the clues from the earnings calls I think we can assume cloud revenues are currently growing at an over 50% annual rate for Google. While perhaps not the base case, it is not unfathomable that Google could carve out a 10% market share by 2020. Using the TBR market estimates, this would be $16.7 billion in revenue. Applying a price-to-sales multiple of 6 we could be looking at a $100 billion cloud business by 2020. This free option is hard to pass up.

(SOURCE: TBR Public Cloud Customer Research report)

Key Risks:

While Alphabet has a lot of opportunities for growth in new markets outside of advertising, the advertising business is still the engine that allows the company the luxury of making so many investments in early stage technologies. While I believe the fundamentals for owning Alphabet as these levels is strong, a prudent investor should keep a careful eye on revenue growth and margins to make sure the core advertising cash flow engine stays healthy.

Revenue : I'd like to see advertising revenue continue to increase at a 15%-20% rate (before currency translation). The key metrics to monitor for advertising revenue are the aggregate change in paid clicks and the cost per click. Paid clicks has continued to trend up, rising 30% YoY in the first nine months of 2016. During the same period cost per click trended down 9%, likely due to increased competition from social media, a phenomenon seen across the industry. A slowdown in net advertising revenue growth below 15% in the next year would cause me to re-evaluate my thesis. Social media's share of internet ad spend also shouldn't be ignored, and warrants monitoring.

I'd like to see advertising revenue continue to increase at a 15%-20% rate (before currency translation). The key metrics to monitor for advertising revenue are the aggregate change in paid clicks and the cost per click. Paid clicks has continued to trend up, rising 30% YoY in the first nine months of 2016. During the same period cost per click trended down 9%, likely due to increased competition from social media, a phenomenon seen across the industry. A slowdown in net advertising revenue growth below 15% in the next year would cause me to re-evaluate my thesis. Social media's share of internet ad spend also shouldn't be ignored, and warrants monitoring. Margins: The key metric I recommend watching here are traffic acquisition costs. These costs have been trending up, due mainly to the growing mix of mobile traffic. Higher traffic acquisition costs for mobile is primarily due to paying Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) to make Google the default search engine on the iPhone.

Conclusion:

Buy Alphabet's core Google business right now at a fair price, which has it's own upside potential from the continued secular growth of online advertising and the under-monetization of the Maps and YouTube businesses. Get for free all of the other bets and their inherent option-like payoffs profiles. Use your own judgment on the likelihood one or more of these bets succeed, along with the size of the prize, to gauge just how undervalued Alphabet is.

Disclosure: I am/we are long GOOGL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Artificial Intelligence To Be Introduced To The Raspberry Pi By Alphabet Inc ... Plans are underway for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) to introduce machine learning, artificial intelligence and other developer tools to the Raspberry Pi. The news was first broken on Raspberry Pi s website.

 Google is going to arrive in style in 2017. The tech titan has exciting plans for the Raspberry Pi community, with a range of AI and machine learning services ready to roll,  read the blog post.

Open to suggestions

To better understand what tools to offer, fans of Raspberry Pi will be required to provide their input in a survey. Natural language processing, speech-to-text translation, face recognition and sentiment analysis are all mentioned in the survey. Google is also interested in finding out what technologies the community is most enthusiastic about   whether it is wearable devices, robotics, or home automation.

Despite the developers initially only expecting to sell 1,000 units of the small computer, the Raspberry Pi boards have been a huge success managing to sell more than 10 million units. While the main motivation was to encourage more students to enroll in computer science, the tiny computer has had a bigger impact.

In 2016 following the opening of a new Raspberry Pi 3 tree on the Android Open Source Project there were rumors Google was planning to port Android to the tiny computer.

Rivals want a piece of the pie too

If the capabilities of the computer that is the size of a credit card are boosted, it will assist Raspberry Pi rivals. The encroaching competition includes the more expensive Tinker Board from Asus. Besides possession dimensions that are similar to those of the Raspberry Pi, it also has a quad-core processor that can play 24-bit audio and 4K video, Gigabit Ethernet and 2GB of RAM. Another competitor that is encroaching on the Raspberry Pi s turf is the Micro:bit from the BBC which has now been transformed into a new not-for-profit firm that will help supply the gadget to students all over the globe.

The Raspberry Pi 3-based Compute Model 3 was recently launched by the Raspberry PI Foundation and has increased the CPU performance by approximately 1000%.

In Tuesday s trading session Alphabet Inc rose by 0.60% to close the day at $849.53 a share.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google Parts With Podesta Lobbying Firm as Trump Enters Washington After at least 12 years together, Alphabet Inc., the parent of Google, won t be represented by one of Washington s most prominent lobbying groups, a firm with long-standing ties to the Democratic party and Hillary Clinton.

The Podesta Group -- whose chairman, Tony Podesta, is a major Democratic fundraiser and the brother of Clinton s former campaign manager -- is no longer lobbying on behalf of Google, public disclosures show. The change coincided with Google s bid to hire someone for  conservative outreach,  according to a December job advertisement.

Veteran lobbyists say it s not unusual to see such shifts after an election. U.S. companies are responding to a power shift in Washington that put Republicans in charge -- but with a president who sometimes departs from party orthodoxy on issues like taxes and trade. President Donald Trump s practice of calling out companies for cost-overruns on government contracts and decisions to move jobs overseas has also changed the stakes for corporate lobbyists.

The tech industry in particular has a rift to bridge. Silicon Valley was a hotbed of Clinton support during the election, and several executives openly expressed concerns about Trump s plans to curtail immigration, punish American companies with overseas operations and block possible terrorists from accessing the Internet. More than 140 tech industry executives published an open letter last summer saying Trump  would be a disaster for innovation. 

Tech Meetings

Since the election, tech leaders including Facebook Inc. s Sheryl Sandberg, Amazon.com Inc. s Jeff Bezos and Tesla Motors Inc. s Elon Musk have met with Trump in a bid to ease tensions. Alphabet Chief Executive Officer Larry Page and chairman Eric Schmidt also attended the meeting.

 Companies have to get over the assumption of a Hillary presidency and pivot to the new world under President Trump,  John Scofield of lobbying firm S-3 Group said in an e-mail.  Big companies don t necessarily move on a dime, and it takes a little effort for their operations to pivot to the new regime. 

Some of that shift appears to be well underway. Podesta Group, which employs lobbyists from both major parties, lost seven clients, which it had billed for $460,000 during the final four months of the year, according to the disclosures. The lobbying group took in $80,000 from Google in the final three months of 2016, according to quarterly disclosures. Podesta Group didn t respond to a request for comment. Google spokeswoman Becca Rutkoff declined to comment.

 Start Switching 

Citigroup Inc. terminated a relationship with Subject Matter, a mostly Democrat-affiliated lobbying firm, which lost six clients by the end of 2016, including the National Football League, totaling more than $250,000 in business. Steve Elmendorf, Subject Matter s co-founder, said companies always make changes at the end of the year based on their legislative priorities and the composition of the congress.  It s not unusual,  he said.

 The minute the election is over, you just have to start switching,  said Paul Miller, the president of the National Institute for Lobbying and Ethics, a professional association for lobbyists.  If you re doing your job right, that s what you do. 

Meanwhile, the change in administration is a boon to some firms. Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration, a group that lobbied for debt relief for the island, re-upped its contract with Prime Policy Group, where Charlie Black is chairman, the disclosures show. Black was previously a partner of Paul Manafort, Trump s former campaign manager, and Roger Stone, a decades-long Trump adviser. Puerto Rico s governor Ricardo Rossell  also hired former Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski, Bloomberg News reported.

Businesses, trade associations, interest groups and the lobbyists who represent them also disclosed lobbying on issues including trade, health care, immigration, taxes and the environment, as well as the appointees who will be implementing them -- all issues that arose in the first weeks after Trump s election.

Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily.

Chemours Company, a spinoff from chemical company DuPont, offered input on appointees to the Environmental Protection Agency, the Commerce Department and the U.S. Trade Representative, the disclosures showed. The National Manufacturers Association, lobbied on the transition of leadership at the Consumer Product Safety Commission, which regulates the products of many of the trade association s members.

Some progressive, labor and civil-liberties groups -- including the National Education Association, the American Federation of Teachers, and the American Civil Liberties Union -- said they also plan to lobby on issues related to the transition, including LGBT rights and the nomination of Representative Tom Price to head the Department of Health and Human Services.

The biggest spender for the quarter was the National Association of Realtors, which reported almost $20 million in lobbying during the quarter, about $5 million more than the same period in 2015. The U.S. Chamber of Commerce came in second, spending almost $19 million, up from about $15 million from the last three months of 2015. The U.S. Chamber Institute for Legal Reform also spent almost $6 million. 
2017-03-17
Google On YouTube Ad Boycott: "We Can Do A Better Job" GOOGL   Some advertisers are boycotting YouTube, claiming their ads are displayed next to objectionable content.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), the parent company of Google and YouTube, just released a statement in response to a wave of advertisers pulling their ads from YouTube after discovering they were being displayed alongside extremist and inappropriate content.

As Business Insider reports, the growing number of U.K.-based advertisers pulling their ads now includes some unexpected governmental bodies:

The online advertising giant was summoned to appear before the UK government on Thursday after it found ads for taxpayer-funded bodies   such as the BBC, The Royal Air Force, and The Royal Navy   had been positioned next to  extremist  YouTube videos. The government has pulled all its advertising from Google until the company can provide assurances that its ads will only appear in safe environments.

Other entities expressing concerns include cosmetics giant L Oreal, media companies like The Guardian and Channel 4, The FCA, and Transport for London.

The objectionable content includes extremist political videos and other inappropriate views that brands understandably don t want to be associated with. Most major advertisers use programmatic ad buying on sites like YouTube, buying ad views in bulk rather than targeting any specific videos. This method usually works well, given YouTube s existing filters to exclude certain types of videos, but apparently not well enough for many advertisers.

Ronan Harris, Managing Director of Google U.K., said in a blog post that the company offers a number of tools to help advertisers avoid these situations, but it can still do better:

 We ve heard from our advertisers and agencies loud and clear that we can provide simpler, more robust ways to stop their ads from showing against controversial content. While we have a wide variety of tools to give advertisers and agencies control over where their ads appear, such as topic exclusions and site category exclusions, we can do a better job of addressing the small number of inappropriately monetized videos and content. 

Alphabet Inc shares were unchanged in premarket trading Friday. Year-to-date, GOOGL has gained 9.79%, versus a 6.69% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.

GOOGL currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 43 stocks in the Internet category. Latest Stocks: The Independence Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Alphabet Inc ... Raymond James Trust N.A. reduced its position in shares of Whirlpool Co. (NYSE:WHR) by 0.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 16,584 shares of the company s stock after selling 28 shares during the period. Raymond James Trust N.A. s holdings in Whirlpool were worth $2,842,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its position in shares of Whirlpool by 93.8% in  Google in Europe says begun a thorough review of ads policies and brand controls  
2017-02-06
Alphabet Is More Pervasive Than We Perceive It To Be While researching for my recent article on Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), I realized that Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) has become more pervasive than I had perceived all along. This realization is coming from someone who has, for more than a decade, been very reliant on Google products and services in his daily life! With the share price of Alphabet falling every day since the announcement of the Q4 2016 results, before recovering only slightly in February, it gives potential investors an opportunity to digest the earnings and evaluate the investment thesis.

For a loyal user and someone who is long on the share, please forgive me for brushing off the minor miss of $0.26 when the company achieved an EPS of $9.36, which was a 8% year-on-year increase. Furthermore, the revenue side was a beat, albeit a minor one, at a 22.2% growth over the same period a year ago.

While Apple is not the best company to compare with Alphabet (which company can be used for an apples-to-apples comparison?), I have used it as a reference in generating the P/E ratio chart (below). You would see that Alphabet has been trading in a narrow P/E band since July 2014, apart from certain periods such as 2H 2015, when the P/E shot up above 35. Normalized P/E is now at 28, far from the peak in late 2015. On the contrary, Apple's P/E has been on the rise since July 2016 and is at its highest since mid-2015. Hence, from a P/E perspective, Apple might be giving potential investors the feeling that they have missed the bottom. The opposite is true for Alphabet, where for a good part of mid-2015 to Q3 2016, the P/E was higher than it presently is.

(Source: Seeking Alpha)

GOOG Normalized PE Ratio (TTM) data by YCharts

The improvement in Free Cash Flow ($1.828 billion, or 41%, higher yoy) is better represented in the Price-to-FCF chart ((below)). Despite the current share price being higher than that in end 2015, the Price-to-FCF has declined substantially to 22. Again, the comparison with Apple is to give some color (both literally and figuratively) to the graph and not to disparage Apple, which I am also long.

GOOG Price to Free Cash Flow (Annual) data by YCharts

How Pervasive is Alphabet?

After a background on the company's recent results and notable fundamentals, I would like to get to the main motivation of this article, which is to highlight the increasing pervasiveness of Alphabet in our daily life. In addition, that pervasiveness has translated to higher advertisement penetration. Much has been said about Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) video ambitions and the resultant chase for advertisement dollars. Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Snapchat (CHAT) have also thrown their hats in the ring. However, Alphabet's YouTube is still the ultimate king of videos and the unrivaled depository of user-created content by far, helped in large part by its headstart. In a leaked report from premium publisher trade body Digital Content Next (DCN), premium publishing companies generated half their syndication revenue from YouTube and the other half from all the others put together.

(Source: Business Insider)

YouTube has continually found new ways to increase advertisement placement in its streaming videos, and it's not isolated to the desktop. Google has gotten better at monetizing on the mobile front. On both platforms, you would see video ads at the beginning of videos, or several times for a long video. There could also be text links to sponsors appearing. It used to be just me watching the videos, but now my kids are also avid watchers of cartoons on YouTube. There would be two types of advertisers who target videos meant for children's consumption. One group intends to attract the children watching the videos themselves - the group would comprise toy makers, for instance. The other group, interestingly, assumes that the adults would be accompanying the kids, or at least in close enough proximity where the advertisers could attract with video ads appealing to the adults. Thus, even at those times when I wanted to rest my mind by leaving the kids to the care of YouTube, the advertisers, with Google as their accomplice, managed to capture my attention with engaging advertisements.

(Source: YouTube)

For you avid readers of Seeking Alpha, did you know that the advertisements placed on the left, right and bottom of every article are generated by Google? Hover your cursor over the advertisements, and you will notice it's either directing to googleadservices.com or doubleclick.net. DoubleClick, incidentally, is also a subsidiary of Google.

Thanks to the very useful flash news alert function of Seeking Alpha, I came to know the following development about the parent company of Snapchat, the popular messaging app, especially with millennials.

Snap (NYSE:SNAP), newly-filed for public offering, has engineered its technology primarily around computing, storage, bandwidth and other offerings supplied by Google, indicating a gainful arrangement for Alphabet for the coming five-year period and prospectively beyond. - Seeking Alpha News Editor Eric McCaffrey

So, if you have been using Snapchat, do note that the parent company of the app has committed $2 billion to Google Cloud over the next five years, and likely beyond that, if Snap survives that long in the first place. How many users of Snapchat actually know the level of reliance of the company on Google? Looking at it from another angle, how many investors, analysts and observers of Alphabet knew before the news broke out that Google is a beneficiary of the rise of Snapchat? While the advent and success of Snapchat have been a significant threat to Google's competitors like Facebook and its affiliated Messenger as well as WhatsApp, the threat to Google in the form of Hangouts is negligible, since it is not considered to be a major contender in the messaging space. Yet, Google's other businesses, such as Google Cloud, have been benefiting from the increasing popularity of Snapchat. Snap has also been suspected to be Google Cloud's largest customer.

Seeking Alpha News also reported on January 17 that Nest Learning Thermostats, Nest Protects and Nest Cams are installed across more than 190 countries. These Nest products are part of the offerings by Nest Labs, which was fully acquired by Google in February 2014. Outside of homes, soon a self-driving car near you might be using an autonomous-driving technology developed by Alphabet's Waymo, formerly known as the Google self-driving car project.

Other Google services that I have found myself using extensively include Gmail, Google Calendar, Google News, Google Alerts, Google Keep, Google Maps, Google Drive and, last but not least, my Android phone. A few years back, when I was running an online business, Google Adsense and Google AdWords served as two very useful tools in earning some supplementary income and low-cost targeted marketing respectively. It would be nice if readers would leave in the comments section what are the top few Google products and services they are using most extensively. I believe I am not the only person who is heavily reliant on Google every day.

Google's AI start-up DeepMind was also in the news recently for defeating top poker players, after its success over human Go masters.

Conclusion

Alphabet's wide-spreading tentacles are ensuring that its products and services are increasingly becoming more pervasive in our daily life. Consequently, there are apparently many other avenues where Alphabet, or at least Google as we know it, could insert advertisements. For instance, the most obvious place is Google's main search page (before the results), though the founders, Sergey and Larry, had sworn they would never have advertisements on that homepage. Yet, the company has already done so for its own products and services. Perhaps they should have clarified themselves then by adding "paid" to their statement. Another extensively used product, Gmail, has also been void of advertisement. This has been done so in the spirit of reducing clutter and improving adoption. However, I believe many long-time users of Google products and services wouldn't mind one or several placements if we have more complimentary storage space in return. Similarly, many of the other services, such as Google Alerts, Google Keep, Google Drive and Google News, are currently void of advertisements.

Individually, each of the Google services might not be the best available, but the convenience of a single login to access most of the services that I require outweighs the benefits of the leading alternatives. Hence, there remains huge potential for Alphabet to monetize its offerings through increasing ads placements.

The success of Snap would serve as Google Cloud's best testimonial, which would help the business segment to attract more customers. The proliferation of Nest products at home and in the office as well as Waymo technology in self-driving cars would mean we would come into contact with Alphabet-related physical products more often than ever. Alphabet's "other bets," such as DeepMind, are areas of yet-to-be-tapped opportunities which the company could develop for revenue-generating activities. The more pervasive Alphabet has become in your life, the more reasons it is giving you to own it.

Note from author: Thank you for reading. My articles revolve around a subject or angle that I feel might have been overlooked. If you would like more of such articles, please click on the "Follow" button below the title near the top of this page. If you have additional insights on the topic or contrasting views, please kindly share them in the comments section.

Disclosure: I am/we are long GOOG, AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Alphabet (GOOGL) to Sell Terra Bella Business to Planet Labs Alphabet Inc. s GOOGL Google announced on Friday that will sell its Terra Bella Imaging satellite business to Planet Labs.

In exchange, Google receives a stake in planet and will also enter in to a multi-year contract to buy its Earth-imaging data.

Google did not disclose the financial terms of the deal. Bloomberg had reported in January that talks were in progress between the two companies.

For the last six months, Alphabet has outperformed the Zacks Internet-Services industry. It has returned 1.87% compared with the industry s return of 1.17%.

View photos

Formerly known as Skybox, the Earth imaging company was founded in 2009 and the search giant bought it for $500 million in 2014, the same year when Skybox was named no. 1 on Inc. magazine's 25 Most Audacious Companies. Google rebranded it to Terra Bella last year.

In Quest of Financial Discipline

The move underscores Alphabet s efforts to trim relatively less-revenue generating businesses and attain financial discipline. The company could save more by purchasing satellite imagery from a third party instead of operating its own imaging satellite business.

Alphabet s sales, marketing and R&D expenses have gone up considerably in the last five years. There are also some other margin pressures. The most significant at the moment is related to currency, which continued to impact Alphabet s results despite the fact that it has a hedging program in place.

Alphabet Inc. Total Expenses (TTM)

View photos

Alphabet Inc. Total Expenses (TTM) | Alphabet Inc. Quote

Other expense pressures include fast-paced international growth, a growing volume of lower-priced YouTube clicks and strength of the mobile platform. So we believe that Alphabet has foreseen an escalation of costs in the years to come and is gearing up well in advance with decisions like these.

The company has recently been getting rid of its audacious ventures. In Aug 2015, it reportedly curbed the expansion of its high-speed fiber optic Internet network, cutting 9% of its staff. In November, the company scaled back Project Wing, its experimental drone delivery program.

Benefits for Planet Labs

Privately-held Planet Labs operates with dozens of small satellites that take pictures of the Earth surface frequently. However, the resolution of the images is low. Terra Bella has larger satellites with high image resolution but its fleet contains only seven satellites, which limits the frequency of capturing images. YouTube And Netflix Are Altering The Media Landscape We all know about Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) - I think it is safe to say that I'm not reinventing the wheel here. These are two huge companies that share a lot in common.

(Please watch the companion video, where I discuss more about this changing landscape, on YouTube of course!)

According to its latest 10-K, Netflix has its streaming services that now accounts for 47.9 million domestic paid memberships and 44.3 million international members. In total Global, Streaming Memberships are nearly 93.8 million. YouTube is on a whole different parallel, driven by very distinct in a user experience. Whatever the case may be YouTube and Netflix are vastly altering the media landscape and will cause significant problems for many of the traditional old school media companies.

At the heart of it, Netflix and YouTube are essentially on-demand services, no different than the on-demand feature you can access on your set-top box from your cable provider. The main difference is merely the content. For NFLX, it is in a sense a traditional mainstream media company. The one key difference in my opinion for Netflix is that it has a reach on a global scale. Something very few of the traditional media companies have. This range gives Netflix an ability to continue to grow well outside of the 115 million US domestic household. On the international front, Netflix is only at the tip of the iceberg, with 44.3 million users. According to Eurostat, there are nearly 219 million households in Europe alone, more than double the US. Also, according to Statita, there will be approximately 165 million households in Latin America. Between Europe and Latin America, we could be talking about nearly 385 million households. Does this mean, that ever home in these regions are going to have NFLX of course not? But it does mean we are likely to see continued growth. If we look at the US a model and say that NFLX gets to a 45% penetration rate in those two regions, you could be looking at nearly 173 million subscribers. I have not even factored in Asia, Africa or Australia yet. At approximately $8 per member per month, that would equate to about $16 billion revenue per year, not including the US. NFLX has a reach to an audience unlike any other media company. It goes direct into users' homes or mobile devices with no interruptions. I believe the scale and reach of NFLX are what differentiates it from its peers and the traditional media companies.

YouTube presents an even bigger challenge for traditional media than NFLX, but in a whole different light. YouTube is the place where anybody can rise to stardom and to do so can result in million and sometimes billions of view and millions of followers. All of these viewers and followers translate into money for the creator of the video and of course YouTube itself. The beautiful thing about YouTube is that you need nothing more than an iPhone, an internet connection an and idea and you are in business. YouTube is the home to videos such as unboxing, treasure hunts and impersonation. It all comes at the cost of nearly zero because the person who is producing the content, for the most part, is doing it at a fraction of the cost a media producer like CBS (NYSE:CBS) can. For the first nine months of 2016, CBS had an operating cost of $6.1 billion on revenue of $10.5 billion. It requires CBS 60% of its income just to operate. Meanwhile CBS All Access has about 1.2 million subscribers at $5.99 per month with commercials, $9.99 per month without commercials. Now compare a YouTube family that has nearly 2.0 million subscribers and videos that have multiple 10 million view tapings. Then, of course, you have another famous person known for unboxing that has over 8 million subscribers and videos that in some case 100s of millions of views. These are children's shows. How much money can 50 million views earn a person on YouTube? According to a YouTube calculator somewhere in the ballpark of $35k to $85k. Would you want the over or under on the 60% operating cost?

The last time, I checked there were only 24 hours in a day, and if people are watching these types of shows on a daily basis, then that means they likely aren't watching something else. According to Alphabet's last earnings call, nearly 1,000 creators reach the milestone of having 1,000 channel subscribers per day. That is a lot of people watching some of the smaller YouTube creators.

If you are a company like CBS, for example, how do you compete in this changing world? On the one hand you have Netflix with the size and reach of programming. On the contrary, you have YouTube stars making a killing on their video content at likely better margins than a CBS. The short answer traditional media can't compete.

Like I said Netflix and YouTube are altering the media landscape.

Clients of Mott Capital Management, LLC own shares of Netflix.

Remember to "Follow" us and get real time alerts, by clicking the + at the top of this article.

We just repriced Reading The Market, to a lower price point so more readers could join. People said they liked the service, but it was too expensive, so I listened! If you sign up, you get two weeks free on me and you can come and enjoy our videos and commentaries.

- Mike Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Google To Launch Android 2.0 and LG Smartwatches On ... It seems that the search engine giant, Google, is preparing to step-up its game in the smartwatch industry. To support the claim, it was recently reported that the tech giant is planning to introduce Android Wear 2.0. It seems that the move is part of the company s bigger plan to entice users to switch to its platform.

According to the previous rumors that were making rounds in the tech space, Google was planning to launch Android 2.0 alongside two new smartwatches on February 9. However, the search engine giant has moved the release date to February 8. According to analyst Evan Blass, Google is planning to launch its two new smartwatches alongside Android 2.0 on February 8.

Interestingly, the search engine giant seems pretty serious towards achieving its market ventures in the wearable industry. Reportedly, Google and LG partnered up to introduce its first ever smartwatches that will be powered by new platforms, Watch Style and Watch Sport. As per the rumors, the two new smartwatches will be available with a price tag of $350 and $250, respectively.

The recent moves made by Google indicate that it s working hard to position itself as a dominant force in the wearable industry. Many analysts believe that the biggest change that Google is bringing in the wearable industry with its Android Wear 2.0 is a move-away from depending on smartphones. The company is encouraging developers to make standalone apps for its smartwatches and publish the app directly on the Google PlayStore.

In a bid to ignite excitement among users, the tech titan is planning to add support of Google Assistant and digital payments through Android Pay and NFC in its new platform.

It s pretty evident that the search engine giant is posing a serious threat to other market players in the wearable industry. Many analysts believe that other companies should focus on introducing new wearable devices with unique innovative features in order to survive in the wearable industry in the future. Tech Firms Like Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) And ... It is a big setback for President Donald Trump that his executive order is being contested by American firms on immigration ban. If the Automobiles were the first target for discouraging them to have manufacturing facility in Mexico, his executive order on banning immigration from seven countries are fought with stiff resistance. Tech giants like Like Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) And Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) have joined to take the legal course to contest the order.

On Sunday, the tech giants came together to express their opposition legally. They have termed the executive order as inflicting harm on American business, Reuters reported. There are also other technology companies such as Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC), Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR), Facebook In (NASDAQ:FB), Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX), and eBay Inc (NASDAQ:EBAY) that joined the bandwagon to oppose immigration ban.

Reuters quoted the brief statement:  The Order represents a significant departure from the principles of fairness and predictability that have governed the immigration system of the United States for more than fifty years. 

There are close to one hundred companies that filed a case before the Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit in the United States. This is one of the most contentious policy announced by the establishment and the Government has been given a deadline of Monday with its response to justify the order. Desktop Metal says raised $97 million in equity funding since Oct 2015  
2017-03-24
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): RBC Analyst Sees Minimal Impact From YouTube Ad Backlash RBC Capital analyst Mark Mahaney weighed in on Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares after the recent YouTube Ad Backlash incident. In his updated research note issued to investors on Thursday, March 24, the analyst stated that he sees a minimal near-term impact on the company from the event. Regardless of this positivity, Google shares traded in green on Thursday, declining 1.19% during active trading.

According to Mr. Mahaney, the recent headline is negative which would upset most brands. However, he believes that the potential impact on revenues and earnings per share (EPS) is minimal. Consequently, the analyst and his team maintained an Outperform rating on Google shares. They also reiterated a price target of $1,025 on the company s stock, which represents 22% upside from the current stock levels.

In his research note, Mark further highlighted assumptions for maintaining his estimates. According to him, YouTube is likely to contribute about $14 billion of revenue in the fiscal year 2017 (FY17) whereas Google Display Networks is expected to provide roughly $4.8 billion of the revenues during the same period. Moreover, GDC pays about 70% of traffic acquisition costs, and both have same net margins as the firm s estimates for the entire organization. Based on this, a 2% hit on GDN and YT revenue would lead to 0.3% decline on estimates, totaling to $309 million revenue and $0.12 EPS reduction. In contrast, a 10% hit would result in 1.7% decline in estimates, resulting in $1.5 billion revenue and $0.59 EPS reduction.

Alphabet s 12-month average price target stands at $985.73, implying more than 15% upside potential over the previous price. Of the total 45 Street analysts covering the shares, 38 gave a Buy rating, three each provided with Overweight and Hold ratings, while one analyst maintained a Sell rating. Analysts Near-Term outlook: Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), US Foods Holding Corp. (USFD) Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) dropped -1.19% to $839.65. During the trading on 03/23/2017, Company s stock ranged from $841.69 to $833.00.

The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 37.65 that is neither bought nor sold range.

Brokerage Rating

Zacks offers analysts with an Average Broker Rating (or ABR), basing it on sell-side recommendations.

Presently Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stock have an ABR of 1.33. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. Looking ahead to earnings forecasts, for the running fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have anticipated that the company will report 7.20 earnings per share. This is the current Zacks consensus EPS which was calculated at the time of writing. Analysts might review their estimates as they will get closer to the actual results date.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) share price decreased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $874.42. The stock was trading on above-average volume. The stock traded at a volume of 3.29 million shares. The share price is now up 3.00% for the past three months. Latest closing price was -0.42% below its 50-day moving average and 5.25% above its 200-day moving average.

On 03/23/2017 close, US Foods Holding Corp. (NYSE:USFD) rose 0.67% to $27.10. The stock currently has a Market Cap of $5.99B.

Price Target in Focus

Even though monitoring stock technical is significant, most stockholders are more apprehensive about where the stock might be going now. Equity research analysts have given opinions on where they foresees the stock level. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are forecasting a harmony target price of $29.73 on company shares. This is a near-term estimation for the next 12-18 months.

While trading at volume below than average, US Foods Holding Corp. (NYSE:USFD) previous 52-week high was $27.94, trading at a volume of 1.25 million. Shares have risen 16.41% over the trailing 6 months. The stock is currently trading 0.24% above its SMA 50 and 8.66% above its SMA 200. Equity Perception: Analyst's Indicator Review for Alphabet Inc. (GOOG ... Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) dropped -1.45% to $817.58. During the trading on 03/23/2017, Company s stock ranged from $822.57 to $812.26.

The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 36.61 that is neither bought nor sold range.

Brokerage Rating

Zacks offers analysts with an Average Broker Rating (or ABR), basing it on sell-side recommendations.

Presently Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock have an ABR of 1.40. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. Looking ahead to earnings forecasts, for the running fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have anticipated that the company will report 9.53 earnings per share. This is the current Zacks consensus EPS which was calculated at the time of writing. Analysts might review their estimates as they will get closer to the actual results date.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) share price decreased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $853.50. The stock was trading on above-average volume. The stock traded at a volume of 3.48 million shares. The share price is now up 2.66% for the past three months. Latest closing price was -0.58% below its 50-day moving average and 5.21% above its 200-day moving average.

On 03/23/2017 close, Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:LECO) rose 0.01% to $85.47. The stock currently has a Market Cap of $5.62B.

Price Target in Focus

Even though monitoring stock technical is significant, most stockholders are more apprehensive about where the stock might be going now. Equity research analysts have given opinions on where they foresees the stock level. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are forecasting a harmony target price of $79.30 on company shares. This is a near-term estimation for the next 12-18 months.

While trading at volume above than average, Lincoln Electric Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:LECO) previous 52-week high was $88.73 and moved up 50.82% over the same period, trading at a volume of 590.24 thousand. Shares have risen 39.66% over the trailing 6 months. The stock is currently trading 1.52% above its SMA 50 and 21.24% above its SMA 200. Taking a Look at the Data Behind Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) is an interesting player in the Technology space, with a focus on Internet Information Providers. The stock has been active on the tape, currently trading at $817.58, down from yesterday s close by -1.45%. Given the stock s recent action, it seemed like a good time to take a closer look at the company s recent data.

Fundamental Analysis

Money managers are always interested in a company that can find the right recipe of fundamental data because it reflects something important going on underneath the surface. Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) currently trades with a market capitalization of $556.70 Billion. That value represents a market adjusting for revenues that have been growing by 22.20 % on a quarterly year/year basis as of the company s last quarterly report.

The balance sheet health of any company plays a key role in its ability to meet its obligations and maintain the faith of its investment base. For GOOG, the company currently has $12.78 Billion of cash on the books. You can get a sense of how sustainable that is by a levered free cash flow of $25.83 Billion over the past twelve months. Generally speaking, earnings are expected to grow in coming quarters. Analysts are forecasting earnings of $9.53 on a per share basis this quarter. Perhaps, that suggests something about why 0.35% of the outstanding share supply is held by institutional investors.

Technical Analysis

As most professionals know, technical analysis can offer critical insights into what smart money and insiders think about a stock s prospects going forward. Looking at the stock s movement on the chart, Alphabet Inc. recorded a 52-week high of $853.50. It is now trading 35.92% off that level. The stock is trading $822.64 its 50-day moving average by 5.0599999999999%. The stock carved out a 52-week low down at $663.28.

In recent action, Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has made a move of -1.65% over the past month, which has come on weak relative transaction volume. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 4.52, and it s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. In terms of the mechanics underlying that movement, traders will want to note that the stock is trading on a float of 0.37% with $598.74 Million sitting short, betting on future declines. That suggests something of the likelihood of a short squeeze in shares of GOOG. Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Technicals Are Painting A Bleak Picture With all other things going on, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) has been on a run   rising 2.66 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider Alphabet Inc. a buy, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with Alphabet Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $187.92 below GOOG s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made strong gains in the past year, as the company has gathered a 10.77% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -4.39% from previous highs of around $853.5 per share on March 21, 2017. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 51.6% since hitting lows of $663.28 on June 27, 2016.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $807.16 and $812.37. In terms of pullbacks, $822.68 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session Alphabet Inc. RSI was seen at 36.61. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has been put into a buy territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for GOOG is 20.65. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) moved to around 87.1. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. Traders Take Note: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Stock Drops, Weakness in ... 2017-03-24

Take Note: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has hit some technical weakness in its momentum, and while it has not broken down all the way through support -- watch the key levels that we discuss below and further, watch the stochastics and technical oscillators for any kind of momentum gaps.



The company has a two bull momentum rating which indicates weakness -- but not a full scale breakdown.





There are explosive trends shaping the world of technology right now and the stocks leading those trends can be identified. Tap Here to learn about CML's Famed Top Picks. There are explosive trends shaping the world of technology right now and the stocks leading those trends can be identified.

+4.1%

+3.2%

+11.4%



GOOGL Stock Returns

There can be a contrarian urge to enter a new long position as the stock drops, but as of this moment, the stock price is moving lower and may yet weaken further. If a reversal becomes apparent, waiting for that strength in the technicals may be more prudent than jumping in as the stock drops.GOOGL is upover the last three months and upover the last six months. The stock price is upover the last year. The current stock price is $841.05.If you're looking for the simplest version of this, here it is -- when the short-term moving averages are above the long-term moving averages that indicates relative strength in the technical. Then see the current price relative to the highest moving average and you will have a "back of the envelope" technical indicator in your back pocket for any stock at any time.The blending and weighting of numbers above created the technical model built by Capital Market Laboratories (www.CMLviz.com). Note the stock price at publication ($841.05), since the technical rating is based on intraday stock prices.

Technicals | Support: 839.65 | Resistance: 872.37

 Technical Clues For Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Investors With all other things going on, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has been on a run   rising 3 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider Alphabet Inc. a buy, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with Alphabet Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $160.35 below GOOGL s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made strong gains in the past year, as the company has gathered a 10.84% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -4.14% from previous highs of around $874.42 per share on March 17, 2017. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 48.66% since hitting lows of $672.66 on June 27, 2016.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $829.42 and $834.54. In terms of pullbacks, $843.23 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session Alphabet Inc. RSI was seen at 37.65. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) has been put into a buy territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for GOOGL is 23. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) moved to around 83.94. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. Moody's says Alphabet's loss of "notable advertisers" on YouTube platform credit negative, but does not impact AA2 rating  Ride-Sharing service Lyft latest to remove Youtube ads - NYT  
2017-02-11
Alphabet, Amazon Are Back In Buy Zones, But Buyer Beware Loading the player...

Alphabet (GOOGL) and Amazon.com (AMZN) regained recent buy points in the latest week following post-earnings sell-offs. But these two tech titans' stock charts raise some warning flags.

Alphabet

Alphabet broke out of a cup-with-handle base with an 824.40 buy point on Jan. 6. Volume was only average. You want to see heavy buying on the breakout, a sign that mutual funds and other big institutions are adding shares. Still, the Google parent consolidated just above the buy point for two weeks, when it pushed to record highs ahead of earnings.

Alphabet's earnings were significantly below analyst forecasts. The next day, the stock initially rose to a fresh high of 867, but reversed in above-average volume. Several more active-trading sell-offs continued, undercutting the buy point. Alphabet did find support at its 50-day moving average. The 824.40 buy point is still valid.

Alphabet rose 0.5% to 838.96 on the stock market today, its eighth straight advance Monday, but mostly small moves on light volume. Alphabet's "D" Accumulation/Distribution Rating also suggests big institutions aren't rushing to buy GOOGL shares.

Alphabet's relative strength rating is 51 out of 99, which means the stock outperforms just 51% of all other stocks. Its relative strength line (the blue line in the chart below), which tracks the stock's performance vs. the S&P 500, is off recent and long-term highs.

Amazon

Amazon cleared an 821.75 cup-with-handle entry point on Jan. 24. Volume was below normal, and was only so-so in the following two trading sessions.

Amazon reported weaker-than-expected sales and guidance late on Feb. 2. Amazon Web Services, the e-commerce giant's huge cloud-computing unit, reported a 47% revenue gain, but that was less than views and down from Q3's 55% advance.

IBD'S TAKE: It's the undisputed king of e-commerce, but can Amazon succeed in brick-and mortar retail?

On Feb. 3, Amazon shares gapped down, closing off 3.5%, below the buy point. Shares rallied for the last four sessions, closing back above the buy point on Friday. But the gains were on increasingly below-average volume, with Friday's trade the weakest for an up day since the post-Thanksgiving half-session on Nov. 25.

Amazon rose 1.1% to 836.53 Monday on about average volume.

Amazon's RS rating is a decent-but-unspectacular 73. Its RS line is well off its October peak.

Alphabet and Amazon shares may overcome these problems and deliver solid gains. But investors may want to look at other stocks, perhaps less well-known, that have fewer chart flaws.

RELATED: 
2017-02-22
BRIEF-S&P upgrades Alphabet Inc to 'AA+' on continued strong operating ... CANADA FX DEBT-C$ notches one-week high as oil rallies

* Canadian dollar ends at C$1.3332, or 75.01 U.S. cents * Bond prices mixed across yield curve TORONTO, April 10 The Canadian dollar firmed on Monday to a one-week high against its U.S. counterpart as oil prices rose, while the strength of recent domestic data added to support for the loonie ahead of this week's Bank of Canada decision on interest rates. U.S. crude prices settled up 84 cents at $53.08 a barrel, supported by a renewed shutdown at Libya's larges Alphabet Inc unit Google plans to expand ride-sharing service (NASDAQ:GOOG) Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) subsidiary Google plans to expand its ride-sharing service in a bid to challenge Uber and Lyft, according to a new report.

After a successful trial run in Israel and San Francisco, the tech giant has decided to launch its Waze navigation application in more U.S. cities and in Latin America, the Wall Street Journal (via Fortune) reported.

The company will start rolling out the service in new markets over the next few months.

Waze is a GPS-based navigation application that was first developed by the Israeli company Waze Mobile. In 2013, Google bought Waze Mobile in a deal valued at $1.1 billion. As of June 2013, there were nearly 50 million Waze users, reported by Yahoo.

Waze is different from Uber and Lyft. It does not work as an on-demand taxi service. Rather, the Waze app is designed to  persuade regular drivers using its navigation app to pick up people who are heading in the same direction,  the WJS reported.

 Can we get the average person on his way to work to pick someone up and drop them off once in a while? That s the biggest challenge,  Waze CEO Noam Bardin was quoted as saying by the Journal.

Moreover, Waze s prices are different from Uber and Lyft.

A ride from downtown Oakland, Calif. to downtown San Francisco costs $4.50, where the same trip using either UberPool or Lyft Line is $10.57 and $12.40, respectively, according to the Journal.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. S&P upgrades Alphabet Inc to 'AA+' on continued strong operating performance, conservative financial policy  
2017-01-17
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): Google Confirms That Hardware Is To Blame For Audio ... Over the past few weeks, a certain audio distortion issue plaguing many Pixel phones has been gaining a lot of traction. The issue was originally brought into the limelight by Mark Buckman, who managed to get a refund on his Pixel device after posting about the issue on Google's Product Forums.

While that was a one-off event, Google has now officially acknowledged the existence of the issue and is offering replacement handsets for people with affected devices. Since Google is offering replacements rather than rolling out a software update to fix the issue, it s clear that the problem is hardware related.

PhoneArena also revealed that Google has stopped issuing refunds on the units like the one given to Mark Buckman. Instead, the company is asking users to opt for warranty replacements. Google has been very proactive regarding the audio distortion issues on its product forums. There have been numerous posts on the forum and the Google Pixel community manager Orrin even notified that the tech giant has been looking into the matter.

One aspect of this matter is irking a lot of users; Google isn't notifying users of the builds which have been affected by this issue. If Google would do this, users would be able to check if their current phone is faulty and would be able to check before purchasing a faulty build.

Even though the Google Pixel has managed to garner amazing reviews from across the board, the phone has come under fire a few times since its launch. Just last month, numerous users reported premature shutdowns on the device, while complaints about lens flare were also rampant in the same month. Google says introduced a new Google+  Mattel names Margaret Georgiadis as CEO, effective Feb. 8, 2017  
2017-01-23
What To Expect Ahead Of Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Fourth Quarter Earnings: Top ... RBC Capital top analyst Mark Mahaney weighed in today with his views on Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), as the company is scheduled to report its fiscal fourth-quarter earnings results on Thursday, January 26th after the close.

The analyst expects gross revenue of $24.40 billion, net revenue of $19.78 billion, non-GAAP operating income of $7.66 billion, and non-GAAP EPS of $9.27. His gross and net revenue estimates are a bit below consensus (at $25.30B and $20.58B, respectively), as is his non-GAAP operating income and non-GAAP EPS estimates (at $8.25B and $9.62, respectively).

Mahaney noted,  Based on intra-quarter data points and our model sensitivity analysis, we believe Street estimates for Q4 are slightly aggressive on the top-line and on the bottom-line. We note that Google does hedge its FX exposure, tho the magnitude of recent currency moves has been unusual. 

In closing, Mahaney reiterates an Outperform rating on shares of Alphabet, with a price target of $1025, which represents a potential upside of 22% from where the stock is currently trading.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s trackrecord when reporting on new analyst notes. According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Mark Mahaney has a yearly average return of 21.4% and a 71% success rate. Mahaney has a 15.5% average return when recommending GOOGL, and is ranked #2 out of 4361 analysts.

Out of the 26 analysts polled in the past 3 months, 25 rate Alphabet stock a Buy, while only 1 rates the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 14%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $961.61. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL): Earnings Preview Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stock benefits from business diversification, continued innovation, increasing opex control, and a favorable valuation. However, Canaccord Genuity believes the single most important short-term metric is Websites revenue growth. In 2015, this metric accelerated from 13% to 20% and has remained above that point throughout 2016. Mobile search and YouTube are the two primary drivers of this, and Canaccord believes this dynamic has not run its course just yet.

Additionally, other parts of the non-core business (including Play, Cloud, and programmatic), should provide growth tailwinds beyond 2017. Canaccord continues to believe revenue growth can stay high, margins can expand modestly, and valuation has room to grow owing to multiple expansion. In the possible event that revenue growth slows to the low-double-digit range, Canaccord believes the earnings multiple can expand based on examining the long history of MSFT stock during a similar, multi-year transition.

Canaccord believes the most important positive over the past 18 months has been the re-acceleration of Websites revenue growth, which progressed from 13% in Q2/15 to 16% in Q3 and 20% in Q4. It has stayed well above 20% so far this year and is an important psychological level for the stock. Despite lapping the addition of a third mobile search ad unit last quarter, Canaccord believes further innovations will extend growth, including tests of a fourth mobile ad unit and more robust adoption of PLAs.

Qualitatively, Canaccord observed that ad load expanded dramatically in 2015-2016. Canaccord also started noticing that skippable ads were being replaced by non-skippable more often. Quantitatively, Canaccord counts over 15 innovations and announcements for the YouTube service over the last two years. Canaccord believes this non-core unit is getting considerable attention in order to capture even more spend from TV. Original and licensed content is also increasing on the platform, which should help viewing time expand.

In addition to becoming more equity shareholder friendly, the management team is also beginning to rein in costs from  moonshot  projects. Google Fiber has had mixed results in some cities and higher-than-expected costs in others. It is reportedly cutting 9% of its workforce and pausing or ending operations in 10 cities where not fully deployed. Nest experienced a CEO change recently and the autonomous car unit was spun out of Google X into its own unit, Waymo. Earnings Preview: What To Expect From Alphabet -Google- On Thursday Alphabet Inc ($GOOGL) is scheduled to release earnings after Thursday's close. Alphabet is one of the so-called F.A.N.G. stocks (read here), is a leading stock, and is widely by investors of all size. To help you prepare, here is what the Street is expecting:

Earnings Preview:

Alphabet is expected to report earnings of $9.65/share on $20.51 billion in revenue. Meanwhile, the so-called Whisper number is $10.00. The Whisper number is the Street's unofficial view on earnings.

Company Profile:

Alphabet Inc., incorporated on July 23, 2015, is a holding company. The Company holds interests in Google Inc. (Google). The Company's segments include Google and Other Bets. Google segment includes Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome, Google Play, and hardware products, including Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus, which are sold by the Company. Its technical infrastructure and Virtual Reality are also included in Google segment. Google segment is engaged in advertising, sales of digital content, applications and cloud services, as well as sale of Google branded hardware. The Other Bets segment consists of various operating segments and includes businesses, such as Access/Google Fiber, Calico, Nest, Verily, GV, Google Capital, X and other initiatives. Other Bets segment is engaged in the sale of Nest hardware products, Internet and television services through Google Fiber, and licensing and research and development (R&D) services through Verily. Google offers products, including Gmail, which is an e-mail service; Chrome, which is a browser, and Google Play, which allows access to movies, books, music and application on various devices. Google offers platforms, including Chrome OS and Android mobile operating system.

The Company offers advertising solutions for businesses with a range of products across screens and devices. It delivers performance advertising and brand advertising. Its performance advertising lets its advertisers connect with users. It offers AdWords, which is an auction-based advertising program that helps to create text-based advertisements that appear on Google Websites and the Websites of Google Network Members using its advertising programs to deliver relevant advertisements together with their search results and content. Its performance advertising also includes AdSense program to deliver relevant advertisements. Google Websites consist of AdWords; YouTube, including YouTube TrueView and Google Preferred, and properties, including Gmail, Finance, Maps and Google Play. Google Network Members' Websites consist of AdSense (such as AdSense for Search and AdSense for Content), AdExchange, AdMob, DoubleClick Bid Manager, and other network products, including AdSense for Domains. The Company helps brand advertisers to deliver digital videos and other types of advertisements to specific audiences for marketing campaigns. It distributes advertisements, such as the TrueView advertisements displayed on its YouTube videos. It has an advertisement technology platform for brand advertisers, agencies and publishers to help in digital marketing businesses. Alphabet (GOOGL): Will it Beat Earnings Estimates in Q4? Alphabet Inc. GOOGL will report fourth-quarter 2016 earnings on Jan 26 after the bell.

The surprise history has been decent in Alphabet s case. The company missed estimates just once in the last four quarters, that too by a small margin.

Coming to the price performance, over the past one year, shares of Alphabet have been steadily treading higher. The stock has returned 12.89% compared with the Zacks categorized Internet Services industry s gain of 12.78%.

View photos

What Happened in the Last Reported Quarter?

Alphabet s third-quarter earnings surpassed the Zacks Consensus Estimate for revenues which also grew year over year. The increase was primarily driven by the boom in Mobile Search, with the ongoing strength in YouTube. Also, strength in programmatic advertising and Play aided revenue growth. Other Bets revenues remained lumpy.

Factors at Play in Q4

The main drivers of the Google business haven t changed. Pricing remains under pressure, both on account of the ongoing FX concerns as well as continued strength in mobile and TrueView. Volumes are however encouraging as total paid click growth was a reassuring 33% last quarter.

Google has gained strength in the mobile platform. Management is focused on driving mobile experiences and the company is well positioned to pick up strong intent-to-buy signals as a result of studying mobile searches from its huge database. As a result, revenue from mobile platform is expected to increase in the upcoming results.

YouTube remains a strong contributor benefiting from the increase in online video consumption. More than a thousand creators are currently engaged with the platform, bringing in a thousand subscribers every day.

Also, Google has turned more aggressive toward the commercialization of its self-driving cars. It aims to expand its revenues from this segment in the upcoming release. However, the current regulatory environment doesn t support fully automated cars, so there could be some problems on their part.

Google s cloud business trails Amazon s AWS, Microsoft s Azure and IBM. The company s cloud business is expected to well in the to-be reported quarter. And finally, Google platforms like Android, Chrome and Daydream continue to help it draw more users and sell more ads.

On a cautionary note, Google s troubles in the EU are mounting and despite its attempts to appease authorities by investing in the region, the region may prove much more expensive for it. Google is not providing for this outflow, which could mean that it still has a reasonable chance to come out victorious. But the developments are worth keeping an eye on as these are the main reasons for the overhang on the company s shares.

Earnings Whispers

Our proven model does not show that Alphabet will beat on earnings this third quarter. That is because a stock needs to have both a positive Earnings ESP and a Zacks Rank #1 (Strong Buy), 2 (Buy) or 3 (Hold) for this to happen. That is not the case here as you will see below.

The company s Zacks Rank #2 and Earnings ESP of -0.26% make surprise prediction difficult. You can uncover the best stocks to buy or sell before they re reported with our Earnings ESP Filter.

We don t recommend Sell-rated stocks (Zacks Rank #4 or 5) going into the earnings announcement.

Alphabet Inc. Price and EPS Surprise Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL): Google Launches "Instant Tethering" Feature In an attempt to make it easier for users to remain connected to the Internet even when the connection is lost, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google recently announced that it is rolling out a new feature, dubbed as Instant Tethering, for its Android devices. Many experts believe that the main aim of the search engine giant behind this move is to create traction among the users to buy its Nexus and Pixel devices.

Subsequently, the new feature has been implemented as part of Google Play services 10.2. Hence, it is worth mentioning that those who are still using the previous version Android OS on their Nexus and Pixel devices need to update this feature to benefit from it. Also, the move indicates that the search engine giant is trying to position itself as a dominant force in the tech ecosystem by offering improved and new features to its users.

Many reports indicate that with the new feature users of Pixel and Nexus devices can automatically set-up a new tethering connection without making any particular settings. Also, the feature helps users to connect its devices that are associated with Google account, making it easier for the users to stay online even when the connection drops. To be more specific, when the Internet connection drops, the phone will ask it users whether they want to tether to another device that is associated with their Google account or not.

It is pertinent to mention that this feature is not available to all the Android devices as users are required to update their Google Play Services to the latest version. Also, the feature is currently limited to Google devices only. However, many tech gurus believe that this feature will soon see the light for other Android devices as well. In any case, it is yet to see whether users will appreciate this feature as Google is expecting. F/X a headwind for Alphabet Inc., Facebook Inc, Amazon.com Inc. and Paypal ... With the USD appreciating versus major currencies since the U.S. presidential elections, Cantor Fitzgerald believes F/X will negatively impact 4Q results relative to expectations set in Oct./early-Nov. These F/X headwinds will be particularly apparent in results for companies with material international exposure, namely Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Facebook Inc. (NASADQ:FB), Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Paypal Holdings Inc (NASDSQ:PYPL).

Assuming the strong USD trade prevails, Cantor would expect 2017 outlook and estimates (from companies that guide) to be relatively cautious on international growth (all else equal/ex. hedging), even as strong consumer sentiment domestically drives healthy demand.

Amazon (int'l revs ~32%): A 2.4% gain in the USD vs. a basket of currencies from what Cantor believes is assumed in managements 4Q16 guidance should result in revenue headwind of ~$334M and ~$0.02 negative impact on EPS (FactSet consensus is $44.68B/$1.39 for rev./EPS vs. Cantor s $44.26B/$1.26 estimates). On a Y/Y basis, F/X should result in a 90bps hit to top line growth vs. management s assumption for a 60bps tailwind. For 2017, Cantor s forecast (using prevailing rates) yields a headwind of $2.08B to revenues and ($0.14) impact on EPS (2017 consensus is $168.2B/ $8.74).

Facebook (int'l revs ~54%): For 4Q, a 250bp decline in a basket of currencies vs. the USD should result in revenue headwind of $116M and a ($0.02) impact on EPS (FactSet consensus is $8.70B/$1.13 for rev./EPS). For 2017, Cantor expects F/X to result in a 270bp hit to top line growth, resulting in a headwind of $732M/($0.14) to revenues/EPS (consensus at $36.71B/$5.21).

Google (int'l revs. ~54%): For 4Q, a 200bp increase in a basket of currencies vs. the USD should result in revenue headwind of $102M, and ($0.06) impact on EPS (FactSet consensus is $20.54B/$9.64 for rev./EPS). For 2017, Cantor expects a 130bp hit to top line growth, resulting in a headwind of $931M/($0.58) to revenues/EPS (consensus at $85.30B/$41.23). That said, Cantor thinks GOOGL's hedging program could offset much of this impact.

PayPal (int'l revs ~50%): For 4Q16, Cantor expects F/X to result in a ~$15M headwind to revenue and no meaningful impact on EPS vs. its estimates for $2,981M/$0.42 (FactSet consensus is at $2,977M/$0.42). For 2017, Cantor expects an incremental headwind of $223M on revenue and ($0.02) impact on EPS from F/X vs. consensus at $12.63B/$1.73. Wendell David Associates Inc Buys CDK Global Inc, Dentsply Sirona Inc ... Portsmouth, NH, based Investment company Wendell David Associates Inc buys CDK Global Inc, Dentsply Sirona Inc, Alphabet Inc, PRA Group Inc, HP Inc, sells Gilead Sciences Inc, Kayne Anderson MLP Investment Company, Versum Materials Inc, State Street Corp, Quality Care Properties Inc during the 3-months ended 2016-12-31, according to the most recent filings of the investment company, Wendell David Associates Inc. As of 2016-12-31, Wendell David Associates Inc owns 138 stocks with a total value of $506 million. These are the details of the buys and sells.



New Purchases: CDK, XRAY, PRAA, HPQ,

CDK, XRAY, PRAA, HPQ, Added Positions: GOOGL, SBUX, SYK, EL, DHR, MKC, AMT, INTU, DIS, BR,

GOOGL, SBUX, SYK, EL, DHR, MKC, AMT, INTU, DIS, BR, Reduced Positions: GILD, SRCL, ADP, ABBV, IDXX, CVS, TSCO, PFF, MCD, JNJ,

GILD, SRCL, ADP, ABBV, IDXX, CVS, TSCO, PFF, MCD, JNJ, Sold Out: KYN, VSM, QCP,

For the details of WENDELL DAVID ASSOCIATES INC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=WENDELL+DAVID+ASSOCIATES+INC

Automatic Data Processing Inc (ADP) - 250,033 shares, 5.08% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 2.62% Mastercard Inc (MA) - 185,602 shares, 3.78% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.68% TJX Companies Inc (TJX) - 232,578 shares, 3.45% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.42% Ecolab Inc (ECL) - 144,993 shares, 3.36% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.33% Stryker Corp (SYK) - 134,719 shares, 3.19% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 2.64%

Wendell David Associates Inc initiated holdings in CDK Global Inc. The purchase prices were between $53.71 and $60.99, with an estimated average price of $57.2. The stock is now traded at around $60.33. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.49%. The holdings were 41,689 shares as of 2016-12-31.

Wendell David Associates Inc initiated holdings in Dentsply Sirona Inc. The purchase prices were between $55.83 and $61.19, with an estimated average price of $59.08. The stock is now traded at around $55.48. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.32%. The holdings were 28,317 shares as of 2016-12-31.

Wendell David Associates Inc initiated holdings in PRA Group Inc. The purchase prices were between $27 and $39.1, with an estimated average price of $34.09. The stock is now traded at around $37.53. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.15%. The holdings were 19,740 shares as of 2016-12-31.

Wendell David Associates Inc initiated holdings in HP Inc. The purchase prices were between $13.8 and $16.16, with an estimated average price of $15.14. The stock is now traded at around $14.52. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.08%. The holdings were 27,700 shares as of 2016-12-31.

Wendell David Associates Inc added to the holdings in Alphabet Inc by 92.07%. The purchase prices were between $753.22 and $835.74, with an estimated average price of $799.67. The stock is now traded at around $833.85. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.27%. The holdings were 3,586 shares as of 2016-12-31.

Wendell David Associates Inc added to the holdings in The Estee Lauder Companies Inc by 33.53%. The purchase prices were between $75.84 and $88.31, with an estimated average price of $81.29. The stock is now traded at around $79.37. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 17,823 shares as of 2016-12-31.

Wendell David Associates Inc sold out the holdings in Versum Materials Inc. The sale prices were between $22.46 and $28.72, with an estimated average price of $24.89.

Wendell David Associates Inc sold out the holdings in Kayne Anderson MLP Investment Company. The sale prices were between $18.21 and $20.35, with an estimated average price of $19.38.

Wendell David Associates Inc sold out the holdings in Quality Care Properties Inc. The sale prices were between $12.48 and $19, with an estimated average price of $15.23.

Wendell David Associates Inc reduced to the holdings in Gilead Sciences Inc by 22.58%. The sale prices were between $71.61 and $78.47, with an estimated average price of $74.33. The stock is now traded at around $70.50. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.21%. Wendell David Associates Inc still held 45,343 shares as of 2016-12-31.

Wendell David Associates Inc reduced to the holdings in State Street Corp by 23.61%. The sale prices were between $68.63 and $81.44, with an estimated average price of $75.27. The stock is now traded at around $78.39. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.02%. Wendell David Associates Inc still held 3,899 shares as of 2016-12-31. Week Ahead: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT ... The stock markets snapped five-days of losing streak on Friday. The markets will look to consolidate the gains recorded on Friday. The upcoming earnings and economic data could be a pointer to the sentiments.

The following are some of the key companies that will report their results this week: 3 Reasons You Should Buy Alphabet Stock in 2017  Synacor says Google provided notice that it exercised its option, extended term of agreement through Feb 28, 2018  
2017-01-31
Alphabet, Inc. Is Making an Important Change to Non-GAAP Reporting With Google parent Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) fourth-quarter report now behind it, the company's robust revenue growth and its promising traction in hardware and cloud-computing are getting some time in the spotlight. But there's one other item in the company's most recent quarterly report investors may want to take the time to consider: A key change in the way Alphabet will be calculating its non-GAAP results.

Stock-based compensation to get the weight it deserves

In a surprising move, Alphabet explained in its fourth-quarter earnings call that it will no longer exclude stock-based compensation from its non-GAAP results. The change will weigh on non-GAAP earnings per share, but Alphabet believes it will give investors a better view of the company's regular operations.

Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat explained the change in the company's fourth-quarter earnings call.

[Stock-based compensation] (SBC) has always been an important part of how we reward our employees in a way that aligns their interests with those of all shareholders. Although it's not a cash expense, we consider it to be a real cost of running our business because SBC is critical to our ability to attract and retain the best talent in the world. Starting with our first quarter results for 2017, we will no longer regularly exclude stock -based compensation expense from non -GAAP results. Non -cash stock -based compensation will continue to be reported on our cash flow statement, but we will no longer be providing a reconciliation from GAAP to non -GAAP measures that reflects SBC and related tax benefits.

The change sheds light on the growing cost of Silicon Valley-based talent for tech companies in the Bay Area. Stock-based compensation at companies such as Alphabet and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) have grown consistently in recent years, so much so that the two companies have recently announced share repurchase programs seeming to simply aim at offsetting the dilutive impacts of expected stock-based compensation.

To see what this growing stock-based compensation looks like, consider Alphabet and Facebook's stock-based compensation in the third quarter of 2016 compared to the third quarter of 2015.

Company Q3 2016 Q3 2015 YOY Change Alphabet $1.86 billion $1.4 billion 33% Facebook $2.91 billion $2.86 billion 5%

A precedent for other tech companies

As one of the biggest tech companies in the world, Alphabet, with the change to its non-GAAP reporting, highlights how regular stock-based compensation has become in Silicon Valley, and it sets a new precedent for other companies to make a similar change.

Facebook could very well be one of the next big tech giants to make a similar move. And if it's not planning on making the same change soon, it should. The social network appears to be on the same page as Alphabet when it comes to expecting significant stock-based compensation in the years ahead. Facebook CFO David Wehner said in the company's third-quarter conference call that he "anticipates 2017 will be an aggressive investment year."

Wehner explained: "Adding top engineering talent remains one of our key investment priorities as we continue to execute on our three-, five- and 10-year roadmap. We will continue to invest in our ability to recruit top technology talent both in the Bay Area and beyond."

Almost certainly not a coincidence, Facebook announced a $6 billion repurchase program -- an authorization about equal to what the company will probably spend on share-based compensation in 2017 -- shortly after it said Bay Area hiring would drive an aggressive investment year for the company.

The bottom line? Bay Area share-based compensation expenses are growing in tandem with tech company revenues, and it's time for companies to stop excluding stock-based compensation from non-GAAP results -- starting with Alphabet, and maybe Facebook soon after. 3 Ways Trump Immigration Order Is Affecting Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) And Others Trump s immigration ban did not receive positive response from Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Google CEO Sundar Pichai. He criticized the order by Trump which could affect about 187 Google employees. In an email addressed to his staff on Friday, Pichai said,  We re upset about the impact of this order and any proposals that could impose restrictions on Googlers and their families, or that could create barriers to bringing great talent to the US.  Keep yourself updated with latest stock alerts.

Many employees come from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen- seven Muslim majority countries that have been banned from immigration for the next 90 days.  It s painful to see the personal cost of this executive order on our colleagues,  said Pichai in the email. The order is not only restricted to nationals from these countries but also on Syrian refugees. Even though the administration calls it a move to keep the  radical Islamic terrorists  out of the U.S., the human rights activities claim that it is a case of sheer religious bigotry. Investors should use stock alerts in times like this to keep themselves abreast of latest happenings..

Here are 3 ways in which immigration order will affect Google and other.

The order may grow to cover other countries

The impact of the order by Trump is still small because the number of migrants from these 7 countries is very less. Over 500,000 permanent residents of the US come from Iraq and Iran alone, making up most immigrants from the 7 banned nations. However, this does not mean that the order will not grow to cover other nationalities.

The Secretary of Homeland Security is expected to submit a list of nationalities that could be further prohibited from entry to the United States. Google, Facebook, and others have migrant workers from many nationalities working in the U.S. in their offices. If the ban extends to more countries, these corporations may be in a human resource crisis as their executives may land in trouble, just like the company stocks. Getting regular stock alerts can be a savior in this case.

Hiring Costs may rise

As much as the old and valuable employees of the companies will be affected, Google will also have a few problems related to hiring in US alone. While the hiring costs may rise, these companies must spend fresh dollars into training the employees and getting everything back in order.

Though 187 is not a big number for a corporate like Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), if the ban grows out to other nations, especially to the South Asian and Asian countries, the corporate could be in trouble because they hire a significant number of employees from this region. It would be wise to check the stock alerts in the future to find the fate of the companies.

Further extensions to the order may mean issues for the companies at the stock market. These blue-chip stocks may land in troubled water. Getting regular stock alerts can help in keeping your investment safe.

Fate of U.S. companies in other nations

Iran has responded strongly to the ban claiming that it would stop US citizens from entering their country. The foreign ministry of Iran also issues a statement, in which they said that the ban is not about keeping Americans safe but a gift to the extremists. If the ban extends to other nations, the fate of corporate like Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) could be threatened overseas as these companies  operations will be at stake in their international offices. Get stock alerts to check the progress.

Before Pichai, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) co-founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg also criticized the order and said that he was  concerned by the order  in a Facebook post. He also said,  We need to keep this country safe, but we should do that by focusing on people who actually pose a threat.  It is also to be noted that Pichai himself is an Indian and the country supplies a huge workforce to the company in US and overseas. Get stock alerts for Facebook, Google, Microsoft, and other stocks.

Disclosure: We have no position in GOOGL, FB or MSFT and have not been compensated for this article. Buy the Dip in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL, GOOG) Stock Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) took its turn in the earnings limelight last week, and investors were not happy with the results. Offering up a rare miss, Alphabet said it earned $9.36 per share versus expectations of $9.63 per share, while revenue arrived at $26.06 billion compared to predictions for $25.22 billion.

Source: Shutterstock

GOOGL stock has since fallen more than 5%, and its edging lower once again today.

But the shares were due for a bit of a selloff, as GOOGL stock was overbought heading into earnings amid an overly enthusiastic sentiment backdrop. Contrarian investors know that this is a recipe for short-term disaster on even the slightest hiccup.



Click to Enlarge Now that the knee-jerk selling has about run its course, it s time to get back to being realistic on GOOGL stock s prospects. Technically, Alphabet shares remain in a long-term uptrend, supported by its 10-week and 20-week moving averages.

Furthermore, these trendlines completed a bullish cross earlier this month, which could bring bargain hunters to the table once the post-earnings gyrations have subsided.

As for sentiment, the fourth-quarter earnings blip for GOOGL stock hasn t shaken the brokerage community one bit. And it shouldn t. According to Thomson/First Call, all but two of the 48 analysts following Alphabet Inc rate the shares a  buy  or better. Additionally, the 12-month price target of $988.47 represents a modest premium of only about 19% to GOOGL s Monday close.

With search ad revenue holding strong and Alphabet expanding its hardware program, we may even see a few upward revisions in the next month or so.

On the options front, GOOGL Feb./March put/call open interest ratio has risen slightly in the past week to rest at 0.72, with puts gaining a bit of traction in the wake of last week s quarterly report. For the March series, traders are still eyeing the $860 and $900 strikes, while put traders are focused on $800 and $750.

Overall, March implieds are pricing in a potential move of about 5% in the next two months. Currently, this places the upper bound at $865.02, while the lower bound lies at $782.64 from Monday s close. I would be surprised to see GOOGL stock trade south of $800, as it would take some unexpectedly poor news from Alphabet or a significant turn in the overall market. A rally to $860 seems more likely, though resistance at $850 could be a stumbling block.

2 Trades for GOOGL Stock

Put Sell: The safest route to profit on GOOGL stock right now would be to bank on technical support and sell option premium. Right now, the March $800 put looks like a solid bet for such a play. At last check, this put was bid at $12, or $1,200 per contract.

As usual, you keep the premium as long as GOOGL stock closes above $800 when these options expire. The downside is that should Alphabet trade below $800 ahead of March expiration, you could be assigned 100 shares for each sold put at a cost of $800 per share.

Call Spread: If you are more bullish on GOOGL stock s prospects, then a March $830/$850 bull call spread has potential At last check, this spread was offered at $8, or $800 per pair of contracts.

Breakeven lies at $838.00, while a maximum profit of $12, or $1,200 per pair of contracts, is possible if Alphabet closes at or above $850 when March options expire.

As of this writing, Joseph Hargett did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities.

More From InvestorPlace Alphabet Inc.: Google Finally Releases Its First Android 7.1.2 Public Beta For ... The search engine giant, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google, came under the spotlight again as it released the first beta build of Android 7.1.2 on Monday. The new version of Android is currently available for Pixel, Pixel C, Pixel XL, Nexus 5X and Nexus Player and reports indicate that the update will soon be available for Nexus 6P.

The search engine giant claims to have many new innovative features and improved performance in its recent Android update. Many analysts believe that this move seems to be a part of Google s bigger plan to create traction among the users to buy its Pixel devices. Also, the tech giant mentioned in its blog post that the new version of Android is  an incremental maintenance release focused on refinements."

Moreover, as the competition in the smartphone industry continues to surge at a fast pace, it seems that Google is making efforts to muster significant amount of market share by offering new and improved features to its users. Also, Google confirmed that its Android 7.1.2 is set for a public release in the coming few months, and the company mainly focused on fixing bugs to boost the performance. However, those using Pixel can update their device to the newly released beta program.

It is worth mentioning that Google s main rival, Apple, experienced a drop in the sales of iPhone for the first time during the last fiscal year. Hence, many analysts believe that this is the right time for Google to release its new update for Android as it will help in enticing users to switch to its platform. In any case, it is yet to be seen whether the Android update will help the tech titan in enticing users to buy its Pixel devices. Under Armour, Rite Aid Fall into Tuesday's 52-Week Low Club January 31, 2017: Here are four stocks trading with relatively heavy volume among 67 equities making new 52-week lows in Tuesday s session. On the NYSE, advancers led decliners by about 3 to 2 and on the Nasdaq advancers led decliners by more than 3 to 2.

Under Armour Inc. (NYSE: UAA) dropped about 27.7% on Tuesday to post a new 52-week low of $20.93 against a 52-week high of $47.95 and a Monday close of $28.94. Volume of around 48 million was more than 10 times the daily average of around 4.5 million. The company reported a weak quarter, offered a weak outlook, and the CFO stepped down. A true triple whammy.

Rite Aid Corp. (NYSE: RAD) dropped about 2% Tuesday, to post a new 52-week low of $5.60 after closing at $5.72 on Monday. The stock s 52-week high is $8.77. Volume was about 30% above the daily average of around 22.5 million shares. The company continues to reel from the announced cut in the merger deal with Walgreens.

Tenax Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ: TENX) dropped about 78% Tuesday to post a new 52-week low of $0.41 after closing Monday at $1.95. The 52-week high is $2.94. Volume of nearly 13 million was about 30 times the daily average of around 420,000 shares traded. The company reported Tuesday that top-line results did not meet endpoints in a Phase 3 trial of LEVO-CTS.

Infosys Ltd. (NYSE: INFY) dropped about 1.7% on Tuesday to record a new 52-week low of $13.58. The stock closed at $13.81 on Monday. Volume was about 15% above the daily average of around 6.3 million shares. The company had no specific news. 
2017-01-30
8 Must-See Facts Highlight Alphabet Inc.'s 2016 "2016 was simply a great year for us," said Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) CFO Ruth Porat during the company's fourth-quarter earnings call. And it would be tough to argue with her. In 2016, Google parent Alphabet's revenue and profits increased, its core advertising business, non-advertising initiatives gained significant traction, and it wrapped up the year with two very successful Google-branded hardware launches. Here are eight facts to help capture Alphabet's business in 2016.

Total revenue increased 20% -- a notable acceleration from 14% year-over-year growth in 2015. And growth even picked up throughout 2016, with the company reporting 22% year-over-year growth in its fourth quarter, or 24% on a constant currency basis.

Alphabet cited mobile search, YouTube, and programmatic advertising as key revenue drivers during the year.

Other bets revenue soared 82%, driven primarily by its smart home Nest products, Google Fiber internet, and Google's life science organization, Verily.

Still, other bets remain unprofitable. Indeed, the segment, which only represents about 1% of Alphabet's total revenue, lost $2.9 billion in 2016 when excluding stock-based compensation -- and this loss was on just $809 million in revenue. Including stock-based compensation, other bets operating loss was a whopping $3.6 billion.

Alphabet spent $3.7 billion repurchasing its own shares. As part of Alphabet's $7 billion repurchase program, the company's share repurchases in 2016 climbed higher. But investors shouldn't expect the share repurchase program to meaningfully reduce the company's shares outstanding, as Alphabet's stock-based award activities are almost just as aggressive. In 2016, Alphabet paid $3.3 billion in stock-based compensation.

Other revenue increased 41%. Not to be confused with Alphabet's much smaller other bets segment, the company's other revenue, which is made up of non-advertising Google products, was driven primarily by Alphabet's Google Play app store, hardware sales, and cloud businesses.

Alphabet introduced Waymo. Buried in Alphabet's other bets business, Alphabet's self-driving car technology development became a stand-alone business called Waymo.

"Waymo may be a new company, but we're building on advanced self-driving technology developed over many years at Google," said Waymo chief executive John Krafcik in a December blog post. Alphabet intends for Waymo to commercialize self-driving vehicle hardware and software, aiming to dramatically improve road safety.

In October, Alphabet launched a smart speaker and a smartphone. The company's voice-activated Google Home speaker and its new Google Pixel phone were clear successes this holiday season. While the company doesn't provide specific sales figures on the device, management did say it was "thrilled with the reception" for these devices, and that their success looks promising.

Alphabet made significant progress in its cloud business. Management said in the company's fourth-quarter earnings call that its cloud business is on a "terrific upswing." With the help of Alphabet's well-timed $625 million acquisition of API provider Apigee, Alphabet made particular progress differentiating its Google Cloud Platform (GCP) by sharpening its offerings in data analytics, machine learning, security, and tools for application development. Further, in 2016, Alphabet's Google Cloud's G Suite product, which offers cloud-based collaboration and productivity applications, garnered more than three million paying customers by the end of the year.

Going into 2017, Alphabet will be up against a strong benchmark: itself. With a tough year-over-year comparison of 20% revenue growth in 2016, the company will need to continue executing well across Google advertising and YouTube, as well as its smaller businesses like hardware and cloud. Further, while Alphabet's other bets are still too small to help overall revenue growth in 2017, investors should continue to look for promising signs from the segment this year. How Does the Chart Look for Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) ? We have gathered the technical data on Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), and see some interesting trends in the stock s behavior of late. In the end, it s all about what a stock does that matters. In the case of this particular stock, the chart tells quite a story at present.

GOOGL has been trading in a bearish trend, based on the relative levels of its 50-day and 200-day simple moving averages. This suggests that the broad sum of capital flow in the stock has been generally negative over the recent period. In terms of the relative level of interest afforded this stock among active participants in the market, relative volume measures have been weak, indicating apathy for the name by traders, investors, and money managers during the past month of action. This suggests something of the significance of other current technical measures as well.

For market timers, it s also important to take measure of the relative level of recent lift or pressure in the stock is it overbought or oversold? For that, we turn to RSI and stochastic measures. The 14-day RSI stands at 62.31%. That shows that the stock, according to a traditional interpretation and usage of the RSI indicator, is not particularly predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure If we look at the stochastic measure, the raw data over the stock s last month of action shows a score of 88.49%. Based on a raw data interpretation, the stock is relatively overbought from this perspective.

It should be noted that the overall volatility in the stock is worth gauging as well. In recent action, GOOGL has made a move of +40.46 over the past month. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by -0.66%, and it s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. The stock s recent movement has come on a historical volatility score of 13.81%, which represents the standard deviation of returns of a theoretical long position from a mean price during that period. On a daily basis over the past month, the average true range of the stock, as expressed in percentage terms, is 1.4%. That should give you a pretty good sense of the level of risk implied in a short-term trading approach in the stock with a stop-loss in place.

As it stands at present, the stock might find important action at key Fibonacci levels. Fibonacci levels are used by major Wall Street firm technical desks. The math is drawn from the Fibonacci series that defines growth systems by an interval increase characterized by steps divisible by the  golden ratio  of 61.8%. In this case, the critical 38.2% level drawn off the 52-weeklow of $672.66 sits at $744.61. GOOGL also has additional support below at the stock s 200-day simple moving average, which sits at $777.51. Alphabet: Long-Term Buy Based On Search, Managerial Discipline And Acquisition ... Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) recently reported earnings for the fourth quarter. This Seeking Alpha breaking news item from January 26, 2017, summarizes the report with a couple statistics: the earnings per share of $9.36 missed consensus expectations by $0.26. The top line, at a little over $26 billion, beat by $830 million. The market traded the stock down at the time of this news item by 1.4%.

I get the trading aspect here, but I am a shareholder of Alphabet, and this doesn't impact my long-term thesis at all. Alphabet has a few important things going for it that will create value in the years ahead, making me happy to be patient and not at all discouraged by a negative reaction to Q4 (even if that negative reaction continues on in the trading sessions ahead).

Alphabet: It Knows Search Technologies And How To Monetize Them

Search engines are indispensable when using the Internet as a tool of research for any topic no matter the motivation (i.e., practical versus leisure), and Alphabet's Google search engine is the blue chip in the space. The company's algorithms are sophisticated and will increase in utility over time.

Alphabet has been very successful at making money from search with advertising. The Q4 press release states that the Google operating segment brought in $7.9 billion in income over the three-month period. For all of 2016, the company as a whole made $23.7 billion in operating income compared to $19.4 billion in 2015. Google search drives this company.

Why will Google grow? Mobile search will continue to be important in the coming years. It will expand as the culture remains on a post-desktop-PC course.

In addition, advertisers love how Google and its data help them make better choices in terms of targeting consumers. It's all about targeting, and search engines can deliver on this - especially Google's prime asset.

Also of note: advertisers need to reach web users. If the culture continues to use the web, then it does so at the expense of other media - this is well-known. An advertiser that wants to reach college kids may not want to advertise in a magazine or a late-night talk show. Instead, it will want to buy ads before a segment of video or on the home screen of big Internet portals. Other media are still important, but all of us are aware of how vital online properties have become in the lives of consumers.

This core search-engine asset will allow the company to engage other investment opportunities, as I will discuss in the next two sections.

Alpha(other)bet(s)

Google is key to the thesis, but Alphabet has a segment it calls Other Bets. This segment captures all the activity of the company's various experiments. For example, Google Fiber is an other bet.

Experimenting with different business models is another reason to own Alphabet. There's something very important to note: in the past, the company seemed to stress (in my opinion) risk taking in this area. Today, the perception is that the company wants to be disciplined about risk. This is exactly what a shareholder wants to hear. The company isn't planning to send people to Pluto or start a subscription service called YouTube Future that shows videos of events that will happen years from now. In my opinion, management wants to stress the practical aspects of experimentation and leave it to the other guy to create the first wormhole.

In a sense, by buying Alphabet you aren't just buying a great search engine but an overall managerial attitude that will serve investors well - be creative, but be prudent, always with an eye toward keeping the stock going. This attitude also is an asset, intangible though it may be. The memo here is clear: we want to expand, but we don't want to be the place where we throw valuable money at an impractical business-model fantasy. This CNBC article serves as a source for this idea. It mentions the fiber experiment - if one reads between the lines, one might come away with the notion that management realizes the challenged potential with the concept, and is acting properly to not allow the project to take up too much of the company's resources.

Future Acquisitions

Perhaps even most exciting is Alphabet's potential investment in acquisitions. There are many technologies the company will pursue in the next decade, but when you stop and think about it, probably the biggest thing that management will chase will be purchases relating to YouTube and its attempts at becoming a subscription service.

YouTube is a puzzling asset: it's immensely popular, it is ad-supported, but the company wants people to directly pay for it - hence the YouTube Red service. The latter is an experiment management must continue until it gets it correct. Advertising is a useful, justifiable way of monetizing the video site, but a subscriber-based approach is more attractive - having a mix of the two models will serve Alphabet well. However, the company will need to improve this segment via acquisition.

The market may in fact be signaling this. This article over at Recode wonders about the possibility of a tech business like Alphabet buying Sony Pictures (there is a rumor that Sony may want to sell this division).

At some point, Alphabet will make a big acquisition in this area. It will help the company sell subscriptions. Revenue from subscriptions is what a company that is based on giving out much of its stuff for free wants to achieve. When a merger for a concern such as Sony Pictures occurs, it will be good for the stock. Consolidation in the media space, the marriage between tech-data and intellectual properties in this new streaming age, is a theme that a lot of pundits promote. I agree with the theme, and I know I want to continue to own Alphabet ahead of the future acquisitions it makes for its search ambitions and for its YouTube services.

Big Risk: Watch Out For The Rest Of The FANG

The FANG stocks (thank you, Jim Cramer) are the risk here. FANG is Facebook (NASDAQ: FB), Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN), Netflix (NASDAQ: NFLX) and Alphabet (i.e., G for Google).

Why do they constitute a risk? Simple: everything Alphabet wants to do they want to do. They are, in fact, doing it already. Think Facebook and Amazon don't fool around with search algorithms, or that Netflix isn't interested in the kind of data Alphabet is interested in? All of it is fair game. Who is to say Netflix won't fund its own Internet search engine once (or if) it turns extremely profitable from its own subscription service?

All of these tech companies want to do other things, explore their own other bets (maybe Netflix will one day have a show called Other Bets, about a strange tech company that funds all kinds of weird supernatural experiments; could be a sequel series to Stranger Things). They aren't sitting still, and that would be a concern to an investor.

Alpha(Long-Term)bet

Let's look at the following chart for Alphabet.

I can't predict the future with the above graphic. That isn't my intent. The past oftentimes may not mean a whole lot.

Nevertheless, investors always look at the past. It's another data point, for better or for worse. To me, the trend at least tells me that the stock has been heading in the right direction and that the market seems to have confidence, to one debatable degree or another, in the company and its management team.

As I check other Seeking Alpha articles, I note the bullish sentiment. This article by D.M. Martins Research goes into helpful detail on the other-bets category - read it just for that. But I wanted to mention that the author mentions the possibility of a $1,000 stock price at some future trading date. Stone Fox Capital likewise threw that number into the discussion.

Sometimes a lot of agreement on a stock can be a troubling thing (if you want to see some of the cons to the latest earnings report, read this article), but I honestly believe that Alphabet shares will eventually get to this price. The combination of search, speculative investments and an eventual acquisition strategy will support the stock on such a run-up to that level.

Alphabet, in my opinion, is a buy for the long-term portfolio in need of some exposure to the technology sector. As always, perform your own due diligence. 
2017-03-23
Alphabet Inc Stock Hit By YouTube Concerns But Analysts Unconcerned Alphabet stock slid for the third time in four days as investors continued to worry about how serious the damage from the YouTube problems will be. At least one analyst downgraded Alphabet stock earlier this week after reports of big brand advertisers pulling away from YouTube and Google Display Network because their ads were being placed with offensive videos, particularly content that promotes hate or terrorism.

However, not all analysts are worried, as the Google parent company may be too big for it to matter.

Alphabet stock price target still at $1,000

In a research note dated March 23, Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak reiterated his Overweight rating and $1,000 price target on Alphabet stock. He noted that the headlines related to the fiasco are likely to weigh on the stock s multiple, but he anticipates that the impact in dollars will be small. He pegs display ads at 10% of the company s net revenues and adds that the business has  high advertiser diversification. 

Despite his skepticism that this is a serious problem for Google and YouTube, he does note that this is a real concern that the company will have to address, citing his conversations with advertisers and other participants in the industry. Google is making some efforts to fix the problem such as raising the bar on its ad policies. However, Nowak notes that today s report that Verizon, AT&T, Johnson & Johnson, Enterprise and others have pulled back their spending with the company demonstrates that it isn t doing enough.

A concern, but not yet

He added that this issue will be a key one to keep tabs on in the next few weeks because he does see the headlines and the possibility of more advertisers dropping out as a  likely tactical headwind  for Alphabet stock and its multiple. He noted that YouTube has successfully worked through problems like this in the past though.

Even though he sees the validity of the concerns, if the company does deal with them, he sees a  low probability  that they will have any serious impact on the company s near-term results. One reason is because advertisers that pulled their ad dollars are only doing it from YouTube and the Google Display Network and not from its other properties.

Further, he estimates that the affected businesses make up 21% of the company s gross revenues, with YouTube at 12%, and 10% of net revenues. He said if 10% of Alphabet s gross revenue disappears, it would only drain 1% of its net revenue. And finally, he feels that the company s revenues are  diversified across millions of clients   with the top 100 ad spenders likely representing less than 20% of total ad revenue. 

Alphabet stock downgraded earlier this week

Nowak doesn t feel that Alphabet stock is expensive at current levels, so he feels that investors should take advantage of any pullback in the shares in the next few days or weeks. However, not everyone is so upbeat on the outcome from these issues. On Monday, Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser downgraded Alphabet stock, moving to Hold from Buy. He also bumped his price target down a bit from $970 to $950 per share.

InvestorPlace noted that Alphabet stock fell below its short-term 20-day moving average and then after today s drop, the shares fell below their 50-day moving average. This level has supported the stock twice since the middle of December, the website notes. The stock s Relative Strength Index also tumbled to 38, although it hasn t reached oversold levels yet. However, InvestorPlace warns that Alphabet stock may drop to the next support at around $810, but the 200-day moving average sits just under $800 a share.

The stock closed down 1.19% at $839.65 on Thursday. Research and Markets Has Announced the Launch of their Alphabet Inc. Market ... DUBLIN--(BUSINESS WIRE)--

The new research portal will provide visitors with unparalleled access to company research on Alphabet Inc., alongside comprehensive market research on the American multinational s position within the global market.

Alphabet entered the mobile wallet and payments market with the launch of Android Pay in September 2015. It powers in-app and tap-to-pay purchases on mobile devices, enabling users to make payments with their phones, tablets and watches.

According to the Mobile Wallet and Payment Technologies: Global Markets report, the market is expected to reach $635.0 billion by 2020 from $113.5 billion in 2015, increasing at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 41.1% from 2015 to 2020.

 Alphabet is a leading player within the mobile wallet and payment technologies market and the new portal provides easy access to information on their performance as a company and their impact on the overall industry,  says Ross Glover, CEO of Research and Markets.

For more information visit: http://www.researchandmarkets.com/companies/alphabet-inc&cid=98jskv

About Research and Markets

Research and Markets is the world's leading market research store.

With more than 1.5 million research resources, we deliver the largest collection of business information products on the market. We offer the most in-depth market analysis across a multitude of industries. Our products provide clients with an unrivalled understanding of their chosen market. No matter how specialist your field, we have the insights and market data to help you make efficient and effective decisions.

View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170323005878/en/ The Technical Reasons Behind The Pullback In Alphabet Inc Shares GOOGL   Alphabet shares recently pulled back for a second time into a  Divergence plus Upper Bollinger  pattern.

From Corey Rosenbloom: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) rallied a second time into a key reversal or  fade  set-up and delivered the goods.

Let s take a look at this  Divergence plus Upper Bollinger  pattern and learn what we can from this example.

Most trades are either taken in the direction of a prevailing trend or against it.

While I prefer pro-trend strategies like retracements or breakouts, aggressive  fade  or even reversal strategies have their place in a developing trader s toolbox.

The  Divergence Plus Bollinger  fade set-up occurs in a mature uptrend when price rallies up into   or preferably peaks just above   the upper Daily Bollinger Band.

We can look beneath price at volume or momentum   often seen best on intraday charts   for any sign of negative divergence as price scrapes against the upper Bollinger Band.

This set-up is enhanced   with higher probability of success   when reversal candles like dojis or shooting stars (or even spinning tops) appear at the upper Bollinger Band.

VERY aggressive traders can short-sell a break of a rising trendline on a lower timeframe as we see here:

It s difficult to short-sell INTO a rising market as price continued (extended) its rally until the eventual drop.

The first  drop  was May 20th when price collapsed in a gap-down through a rising trendline and the rising 20 EMA (hourly chart).

That would have been an aggressive short-sell but it required a wide stop (beyond the prior high) as buyers (unwilling to give up yet) thrust the price back toward the $874 prior high (but not above it).

That s where we see the COLLAPSE through the 50 EMA down toward $850 where the fade ended.

The TARGET for this type of aggressive  Fade Trade  is often a rising moving average on the Daily Chart.

In this example, price crushed through the rising 20 day EMA target of $856.

You can take off the whole position or just half as price reaches a target (and hold as long as possible, exiting when price rallies through a falling trendline   at roughly $852 in this example).

Fade Trades can be fun but are often more stressful than classic pro-trend retracements, but they re available to you as you progress your trading knowledge and experience.

Alphabet Inc shares were unchanged in premarket trading Thursday. Year-to-date, GOOGL has gained 7.24%, versus a 4.81% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.

GOOGL currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 43 stocks in the Internet category.

This article is brought to you courtesy of AfraidToTrade.com. Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) And Its Technical Chart Creates A Compelling Picture Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has created a compelling message for traders in the most recent trading. That message has grown stronger as the technical chart setup has developed into a more composite picture for the stock. This is the breakdown as we see it. There s only one thing better than one tool when trading stocks and that is two tools. For many trading is all about fundamentals   their one tool to rule them all. But people in this camp miss out when they ignore the power of technical charts. Use them in in addition to the fundamentals, and you become near-unstoppable.

The 50 and 200 SMAs for GOOG have created a marked trend which is now helping traders to make solid decisions regarding the stock. It s a trend that is now unmistakable. Based on the trend levels presented by both indicators, the overall sentiment towards GOOG is best described as bullish. This trend has created a unified opinion across the trading floor and it is clear that the overall outlook for the stock is now established as positive. But it s not just the outlook that s being affected for the stock. Thanks to the consolidated opinion on GOOG, activity has also seen a pronounced trend. Under current sentiments the volume activity and subsequent trend has created a weak outlook from buyers and sellers. For traders that have invested emotionally in the outcomes surrounding GOOG, the current trend being solidified is somewhat telling. It is unsurprising in the case of GOOG, that the current trend has created some indifference among traders regarding the stock. In terms of consistency, it is clear that both the 50 and 200 SMAs have done their job in bring traders the overall trend-picture currently being seen for GOOG.

There is of course more to the tale than just what the SMAs have presented. For those added details, we can take a look at the Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures, both of which give deeper insights into the overall sentiment of buyers and sellers. SMAs will tell alert you to price direction, but when it comes to judging what buyers and sellers are doing, few indicators are better than RSI and the Stochastic. It as this level of technical data that a trader can determine whether a stock is currently overbought is oversold. The current picture for GOOG is of course very telling based on these two additional measures. Based on current readings, GOOG s 14-day RSI is 47.03%. Taken on the standard scale of measurement for RSI, this suggests that GOOG is neutral, suggesting that the stock is relatively stable in terms of price movement up or down. The stochastic reading offers another solid measure of whether the stock is either overbought, or oversold. In the case of GOOG, Stochastic readings gathered over the last 30 days have created a score of 47.98%. This suggests GOOG is neither overbought or oversold at prevailing levels.

If you really want to extract the maximum information and slant from a stock, there s really no better way than combining the above technical indicators with other more deeply ingrained technical measures. By this point in the analysis of GOOG, it is clear that other technical indicators are saying essentially the same things. Specifically the -1.17 has birthed a negative overall sentiment when measured over the previous 30 days or so of trading. Over the longer-term GOOG has underperform the S&P 500 by -3.1. This has, unsurprisingly, created lower volatility levels when compared with similar stocks of the same grade and class. Historical volatility is no less consistent. The historical volatility picture for GOOG is shown in the reading of 10.69%. GOOG has clearly shown its full hand by the overall input of these technical indicators. But there is one final measure that when added to the already rich mix, shows in full color what GOOG is doing. The indicator is the Average True Range, and based on the current 1.02 reading, GOOG is certainly worth paying attention to.

GOOG couldn t be clearer in terms of the kind of action required in light of the picture shown by its technical indicators. Alphabet Chairman Eric Schmidt: We 'can't guarantee' ads won't appear next to ... Google may not be able to guarantee advertisements won't appear next to offensive content, but it is working on a solution that "can get pretty close," according to Alphabet's executive chairman Eric Schmidt talking to FOX Business on Thursday.

Google has faced fallout on Wall Street this week as advertisers put pronounced pressure on the company's policies.



Google is one of the top platforms for digital advertisers, accounting for about 40 percent of all online ad budgets, and 13 percent of display ad budgets, according to eMarketer. Google's YouTube video site ran ads for major brands next to neo-Nazi and jihadist videos, according to The Times of London. Companies like AT&T and Johnson & Johnson have since suspended some digital advertising, and some analysts said the outcry could be a concern for the company's outlook.

Schmidt was asked whether he can ensure that the algorithm doesn't make the same mistake again.

"We can't guarantee it, but we can get pretty close," he said.

Google has increased the time it takes to manually review ad matching and violations of Google's terms of service, Schmidt said. Hopefully, Google can build products that can move extreme content down in the rankings in a way that's better than what social media does, Schmidt said.

"We're very good at detecting what's the most relevant and what's the least relevant. It should be possible for computers to detect malicious, misleading and incorrect information and essentially have you not see it. We're not arguing for censorship, we're arguing just take it off the page, put it somewhere else...make it harder to find," Schmidt said, adding: "I think we're going to be ok."

Schmidt also appeared on "CBS This Morning," where he discussed the new presidential administration. He said that it was "literally crazy" to not allow talented people to come to America, just because they are foreign.

"It is insane to allow people to stay in other countries who want to come to our country to create companies, and to create new jobs, create wealth, and power our economy," Schmidt said. 
2017-03-30
Why Alphabet Inc Needs to Act Fast to Reassure Advertisers In this podcast, the Market Foolery team turns its attention to the latest controversy at YouTube as major advertisers have complained about their ads appearing next to objectionable videos. As the online advertising race between Alphabet ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) ( NASDAQ:GOOG ) and Facebook ( NASDAQ:FB ) intensifies, the internet giant has no choice but to address the issue quickly.

This video was recorded on March 27, 2017.

Chris Hill: It's Monday, March 27th. Welcome to Market Foolery. I'm Chris Hill. Joining me in studio today, from Million Dollar Portfolio, Jason Moser; and from Stock Advisor Canada, Taylor Muckerman. Happy Monday!

Jason Moser: Hey, now!

Taylor Muckerman: We're doing it!

Hill: We are doing it. Welcome back! You've been busy.

Muckerman: Yeah, a couple weeks. You were at South by Southwest. We've been overlapping each other.

Hill: There we go. It's good to have you back in the studio.

Muckerman: It's good to be back.

Hill: We're going to dip into the Fool mailbag. We have to start with a story that's been brewing for a little while. I'll be honest. This is a story, I saw a headline on this a week or two ago, and it registered like, huh, that's interesting, and it continues to balloon. This is the fact that a week ago, Google formally apologized for running customer's ads alongside objectionable videos. We've talked before about YouTube and how important it is in the world of search, and how it's one of the most popular places to search. And you see these stories about, if YouTube was a stand-alone company, it'd be worth somewhere in the neighborhood of $75 billion. Google makes this apology a week ago, and here we are a week later, and I guess, among other things, Jason, probably a reminder that YouTube is a really big place with lots of videos, and therefore it's hard even for the owners to monitor it. The Wall Street Journal had this big story about how Coca-Cola, Microsoft, Amazon, Procter & Gamble, these mainstream brands, are still seeing their ads alongside videos with racist content, anti-Semitic, all of this stuff where the advertisers, rightfully so, say, "I don't want my ads next to that."

Moser: Yeah. We're going to hit a point here, sooner or later, it's going to be like you do with your kids, they can say sorry only so many times before you're like, "I get that you're sorry. Just don't do it again. I'm not looking for sorry anymore." So, I think with Google and YouTube, this is obviously something that's a big deal. It's not something that immediately impacts their bottom line. When we talk about the bread and butter for Google's money-making machine, it's search advertising. But, there's a good percentage, close to 20% of that money, comes through advertising with third-party customers. So, when ads go next to objectionable content, of course, those parties are going to express concern, they want to know what's going on, why is this happening, and what are you going to do to make it stop? Because there is no middle ground here. It's just, flat-out, "This is unacceptable, don't let it happen anymore." This is sort of one of those things with this age of automation, as we go more toward automating everything, particularly on the consumer-facing side, I think it's really difficult to ever fall back on the old, "Well, the algorithm did it, it wasn't our fault." Because, ultimately, someone built the algorithm.

I think what Google needs to figure out here is, what is happening to make this happen, and how do they fix it? And whether it is through technology, whether it's through humanizing it a little bit more, and actually bringing on more people to add a human touch to these customer relationships, they need to do something with this before this gets out of hand.

We've talked about this a lot, especially in MDP, we own shares of Alphabet, and we own shares of Facebook: We own a far larger position in Facebook, and part of the reason for that is, when you look at the direction things are headed in social, and in internet behavior, there's no question that Facebook is becoming a place, not just Facebook, but its properties, whether it's WhatsApp or Instagram or whatever properties they buy in the future, that's a place where eyeballs go to hang out for a while. Google is more utilitarian in nature, right? You need some information, you find it on Google, and you go to your next place. Facebook is catching up very quickly. They've expressed some concerns that perhaps the last decade was the Google decade, and perhaps this next decade is the Facebook decade. If that is the case, and the numbers certainly point toward that, the argument could at least be made there, Google has got to figure out something yesterday as to how to address this and fix it, because blaming it on the technology is not going to fly.

Muckerman: I'm pretty confident that they're going to figure out a way to fix it. Especially when you're talking about Facebook, they had the whole issue around the election with fake news on their site. And you had a group of college kids come out and make an algorithm that was able to identify fake news on the site, and they've been able -- not using their algorithm, but, Facebook has been able to address that. I'm confident that Google will. You talk about big headlines about this, but I'm waiting for the headline to come out that says, right now, people think that less than 1% of Google's revenue is at risk because of this. It's a $90 billion revenue company, I've seen headlines that say $750 million might come off of YouTube's revenue in 2017 because of this. Bigger fraction of YouTube's revenue, but you're not just an investor in YouTube when you buy a stock in Alphabet. So, I'm still confident that they'll figure it out. And between the two of them, Facebook and Google, they're pretty much the only two that are growing in the digital ad space. So, I find it hard to believe that advertisers are going to completely move away from Google. Right now, Facebook is really the only alternative, and that space would become far too crowded too quickly if there was a mass exodus from Google. I'm fairly confident that, because you said 20% of their revenue comes from that search advertising, they're going to figure this out.

Hill: It is a small amount of money, and yet, when you look at the headline of Pepsi, Starbucks, General Motors, Wal-Mart have pulled some of their ad spend with YouTube. Those are big-name companies. I think, if you're Facebook, you're not throwing a parade over this, but I think if you're selling video advertising for Facebook, you're on the phone to different media agencies, and I also think television networks. If you're a broadcast network or cable network, to use your phrase, Jason, you're putting the human touch to work, and you're calling these companies and saying, "Listen, don't take a risk with the programmatic algorithm approach to YouTube. You know what you're going to get with our networks, and you're going to get something that associates well with your brand."

Muckerman: With some of those companies you mentioned, those are companies that can afford to pull back for a week or two on advertising and make a statement. That's almost advertising in itself. They're still advertising using Google's name, just not using Google's platform. So, I think they'll come back eventually. Probably not too far down the line. Those brands are brands already. You're probably looking at the smaller players, questioning whether or not they can afford to back off of Google's platform a little bit more than Coke or Pepsi.

Moser: Yeah, and I think it's also worth noting, for the longest time, YouTube has been synonymous with online video. That's what got this ball rolling. And they've enjoyed such a phenomenal competitive position for so long. What an acquisition Google made for ... what did they buy it for?

Hill: $1.6 billion.

Muckerman: Pennies on the current dollar.

Hill: And the reason I remember it was $1.6 billion is because I was one of the people saying, "Boy, they sure did pay a lot of money for that."

Moser: So, I think you fast forward today and you see how this competitive environment has changed, Google and YouTube are not the only players in the online video space. And you see all sorts of companies, from Facebook and Twitter to Verizon and AT&T developing their online video offerings. To your point, I think it's very easy to see these customers pulling back for a week, a month, and saying, "Hey, let's reasses what's going on here." Google and YouTube are too big to say, "We don't want to be a part of your environment." That's just foregoing a tremendous reach that anybody in their right mind would want to be a part of. But, what it could do is, it could result in some pricing competition. It can certainly make Google have to get in there and compete a bit more on pricing, lose a bit, perhaps, of that pricing power, particularly as we ship to mobile, and we know those mobile advertisements are not nearly as lucrative as the desktops were, from a real estate perspective. But, these are smart people running a very, very big company. The solution to this really is as simple as, listen to your customers and give them what they want. So, from that perspective, I don't see any reason why they can't fix it. I guess it's going to be interesting to see how they fix it, and how quickly they go about fixing it, because they don't enjoy that same competitive position that they enjoyed, perhaps, five years ago.

Hill: Our email address is marketfoolery@fool.com. From Matt Saunders in Nestleton, Ontario. "I was hoping you could explain the effects of currency exchange on stock purchases. I'm in Canada and our dollar is quite low compared to the U.S. dollar. However, it wasn't too many years ago, we peaked a little higher than the U.S. dollar. My concern is that if I buy a U.S. company at this point and the dollar rises again, will that work against the value of the U.S. company that I purchased? Or does buying on the TSX compensate for that somehow? Thanks for all your help with this. P.S. please tell Steve Broido, we just made a trip to Orlando and had a great visit to an Olive Garden there. Definitely a fan." Steve will appreciate that, I'm sure.

Muckerman: Yeah. Thanks for listening all the way from Ontario. This was a question that we receive quite often in Stock Advisor Canada, Pro Canada, and now Dividend Investor Canada. We put a special report about this a couple years back. Over those couple years, not much has changed. Remain to see the Canadian dollar still trading below the U.S. dollar. I think right now, it's around $0.75 to the U.S. dollar. As you did mention earlier in the 2000s, the Canadian dollar did peak around $1.20 to the U.S. dollar. That ramp-up really did cramp Canadian investors' returns when you look at it, from investing in the U.S. dollar. When the Canadian dollar does appreciate, you lose a little bit there when you sell back into the Canadian market. So, what we generally tell our members to do is, A) we absolutely recommend investing in the U.S. market, because when you look at the Canadian market, about two-thirds of it relies on the energy, financials, and the materials sector, two very volatile sectors, in the energy and materials sector and then financials, really, the bulk of that is driven by the big banks, TD, Scotia, CIBC, BMO, and RBC. They're very highly concentrated if you don't move outside of the Canadian market. When you look at the largest sector in the U.S., IT, I think that's around almost 22% of the S&P, it's 2.7% of the S&P TSX. So, you're missing out on a lot of potential growth there. And less than 1% of the S&P TSX is healthcare. If you think about that, you're missing out on some huge potential growth there. It was a little higher, but Valeant obviously reduced the share of that overall market when that fell precipitously over the last couple years.

But, the long-term average of the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar is right around $0.85. There's about 13% upside from where it is right now until it reaches the long-term average, I think we have information going back to 1971 on our site. That's over 30 to 40 years of data with the long-term average of $0.85 to the U.S. dollar. So, you're not far away from that. Compared to that $1.20 you saw in the early 2000s, we view that as a one-off event, especially with oil where it is these days, and the likelihood that remains subdued as compared to when it was over $100, which, coincidentally, timed very well with when it was peaking with the U.S. dollar there. So, we advocate people considering the Canadian dollar to the U.S. dollar exchange rate, but we don't say, "Just invest Canadian only." Put some dollars into a separate account, leave them there for the long-term so you don't have to pay the cost to exchange back and forth, because banks do charge for that. And you don't get charged if the company pays you a U.S. dollar dividend and you leave it in U.S. dollars. You don't get charged every time they deposit the dividend to your account. You only get charged if you put it back into CAD. So, if you're a long-term investor, we just say, create two accounts, one with Canadian dollars and one with U.S. dollars, and let it ride, because if you don't, you're going to miss out on tons of opportunity. TSX and TSX Venture stocks make up about 20% of the --

Hill: Toronto Stock Exchange.

Muckerman: Yep. They make up about 20% of the total stocks available to you in U.S. markets. So, not only are you missing out on diversification, but you're missing out on opportunity, in terms of breadth of choices. So, don't let the currency fluctuations scare you away from it. That's our opinion.

Hill: You've been to the Toronto Stock Exchange, haven't you?

Muckerman: Yeah, it's pretty cool. We went there a few years ago, poked around when we were first launching Stock Advisor Canada in 2013. Been up there a couple times since, but to not the same fanfare that we went up there a few years back.

Hill: Definitely a lot of fun. Fitting that I'm sitting with too proud sons of the Carolinas because, for any sports fans out there, the final four is set. We have Gonzaga, we have the University of North Carolina, we have Oregon, and we have, surprisingly, the University of South Carolina. And the potential for an all-Carolina final.

Moser: Amazing. If you think about it this way, you had Clemson just win the National Championship in college football. There is still the potential, certainly, for the Gamecocks to go in there and win this thing in basketball. Which, I mean, there's no way that's ever been achieved before.

Muckerman: They have to win this, because the likelihood of a potential rematch with North Carolina in the final, highly unlikely. Although, this could boost recruiting.

Moser: About half of my graduating class in high school went to USC. The other half --

Hill: The other USC. Most people hear USC and they think University of Southern California.

Moser: The East Coast, South Carolina. The other half went the Clemson. And I was the one lone straggler that went the opposite direction and went to a 15-person liberal arts college. Go, Wofford Terriers.

Hill: Wait, isn't Wofford in North Carolina?

Moser: Wofford is in South Carolina. You have Davidson that's in North Carolina.

Muckerman: Steph Curry.

Moser: But, wow, the finish to that game yesterday was ...

Muckerman: The Carolina game? Yeah, my gosh.

Moser: Yeah, it was unbelievable. I have to believe that right now, the Carolinas are figuring out a way to, perhaps, join together, erase that border.

Hill: There was a story I read this morning -- and, obviously, there's so many millions of dollars involved in the NCAA basketball tournament. But one of the stories I read this morning was about the business impact in North and South Carolina. And, not surprisingly, bars and restaurants doing huge business over the weekend, and presumably will do it again next weekend.

Moser: That'd be like one of those things in an earnings report where, that's one of those one-time events. So, when you're saying, "Well, we don't expect this next March, but we had a very robust beginning of 2017, thanks to ... "

Hill: You're saying Jason's Barbecue and Sports Bar, in South Carolina, when it's reporting earnings in the spring of 2018, it's like, "Look, tough comp. Last year, we had the final four. We had Clemson in the football championship."

Muckerman: Seriously. Clemson. USC has to catch up. Maybe think about extending Tobacco Road a little for their South.

Hill: I don't know how big the concentration of Buffalo Wild Wings is in the Carolinas but I do remember --

Muckerman: There's quite a few.

Hill: -- two years ago, when Tom Brady was first suspended by the NFL, and he was going to miss four games, and this was going into the fall of 2015, I do remember that on a conference call, there was an analyst who asked CEO Sally Smith, this analysts had the numbers and basically said, "Here's how many Buffalo Wild Wings locations are in New England. Tom Brady is going to miss," and he ended up appealing and not missing, but he missed the first four of this most recent season, but -- and I give credit to this analyst, he did his homework. It's just like, "Look, you have a bunch of Buffalo Wild Wings locations in New England. The star quarterback of the home team is going to miss the first four games. Are you factoring that?" Legit question.

Moser: I guess my question here is, Oregon is with Under Armour, too.

Hill: Wait a minute, Oregon? No, that's a Nike --

Moser: Is Oregon Nike? OK. I was just thinking, I saw something, I was looking at this headline, Oregon Signs Record-Breaking Apparel Deal With Under Armour, and --

Hill: Are you sure it's not Oregon State?

Moser: No, it says Oregon.

Hill: Because University of Oregon is Phil Knight's alma mater.

Muckerman: Their football field is Nike sole turf.

Moser: I'm aware! Let's go in and confirm this, but this is back from 2014, but Oregon signs record-breaking apparel deal with Under Armour. The deal was announced just hours after Phil Knight announced he would no longer allow Nike to be associated with Oregon, citing his frustration with a lack of national championships.

Muckerman: This isn't The Onion?

Moser: No, this is SB Nation. [laughs] I guess Phil Knight got sick of a bunch of losers! And he decided to bag it. If that's the case, how interesting that you would then have two representatives of Under Armour and two of Nike.

Muckerman: So, Gonzaga and Carolina obviously --

Moser: Carolina is Nike, and I think Gonzaga is too. Oregon is the one I was questioning, because South Carolina is definitely Under Armour, and I think Oregon is, too.

Muckerman: Michael Jordan hasn't eschewed Carolina just yet, I guess.

Moser: That's pretty cool.

Hill: Yes. And the University of Oregon women's team is in the regional final that's being played tonight. They're playing UConn.

Muckerman: I'm so sorry for them.

Moser: Right, I was going to say, why don't they just hand them the trophy? It's Connecticut, can they really ...

Hill: You know what? That's what amazing Cinderella stories are made out of.

Moser: At some point, everybody thought Kentucky was going to win, but Wisconsin, was it Wisconsin?

Hill: Yeah, back in the day, a couple years ago. Look, if Goliath was undefeated, where's the fun in that? We need David to knock off Goliath every once in awhile. So who knows? The lady Ducks might get it done against UConn.

Muckerman: Lady Ducks and the Gamecocks.

Hill: That's your lead story, by the way, if the UConn women don't end up winning the national championship. All right, Jason Moser, Taylor Muckerman thanks for being here, guys.

Muckerman: Cheers!



Moser: Thank you!

Hill: As always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. That's going to do it for this edition of Market Foolery. The show is mixed by Dan Boyd. I'm Chris Hill. Thanks for listening, we'll see you tomorrow! Why Investors remained confident on Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), ONEOK Partners, LP ... Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) gained 1.10% with the closing price of $849.87. The overall volume in the last trading session was 1.46 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 13.97 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 14.37 and sector s optimum level is 10.63.

Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) have shown a high EPS growth of 14.80% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 30.00% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 1.80 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $874.42 above its 52-week highs and is up 0.01% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $849.87 a share and the price is up more than 7.25% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 4.18 vs. an industry average at 5.55. Its sales stood at 19.00% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE:OKS) ended its day at $53.34 with the rising stream of 3.11% and its total traded volume was 1.45 million shares more than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE:OKS)

ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE:OKS), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 8.35, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 9.86 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 11.82. ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE:OKS), at its latest closing price of $53.34, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.55, compared to an industry average at 41.42. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

ONEOK Partners, L.P. (NYSE:OKS), stock is trading $57.41 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -7.60% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 208.50% . Its share price has risen 17.39% in three months and is up 3.90% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.70. Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Alphabet Inc. (GOOG), Xerox Corporation ... Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) surged 1.28% to $831.41. During the trading on 03/29/2017, Company s stock ranged from $832.77 to $822.38.

The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 52.52 that is neither bought nor sold range.

Brokerage Rating

Zacks offers analysts with an Average Broker Rating (or ABR), basing it on sell-side recommendations.

Presently Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock have an ABR of 1.40. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. Looking ahead to earnings forecasts, for the running fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have anticipated that the company will report 9.53 earnings per share. This is the current Zacks consensus EPS which was calculated at the time of writing. Analysts might review their estimates as they will get closer to the actual results date.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) share price increased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $853.50. The stock was trading on above-average volume. The stock traded at a volume of 1.78 million shares. The share price is now up 5.04% for the past three months. Latest closing price was 0.99% above its 50-day moving average and 6.73% above its 200-day moving average.

On 03/29/2017 close, Xerox Corporation (NYSE:XRX) plummeted -0.95% to $7.27. The stock currently has a Market Cap of $7.40B.

Price Target in Focus

Even though monitoring stock technical is significant, most stockholders are more apprehensive about where the stock might be going now. Equity research analysts have given opinions on where they foresees the stock level. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are forecasting a harmony target price of $8.44 on company shares. This is a near-term estimation for the next 12-18 months.

While trading at volume below than average, Xerox Corporation (NYSE:XRX) previous 52-week high was $7.69 and moved up 4.50% over the same period, trading at a volume of 9.26 million. Shares have risen 11.85% over the trailing 6 months. The stock is currently trading 0.35% above its SMA 50 and 11.15% above its SMA 200. Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) shares to see major resistance at $835.33 With all other things going on, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) has been on a run   rising 5.04 percent in just three months. It looks like traders are happy with the stock. On the other side, analysts now consider Alphabet Inc. a buy, and a technical analysis of the stock is setting somewhat neutral outlook for now.

Let s talk about the gap between analyst price targets for the next 12 months and Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) s current share price. Normally this spread should be in positive territory, indicating that analysts expect an investment s value to increase over time. So is with Alphabet Inc.. The median target of analyst views collected by Yahoo Finance was as much as $174.09 below GOOG s recent stock price. That s the optimistic view from Wall Street.

The stock has actually made strong gains in the past year, as the company has gathered a 10.78% return in the past twelve months. But even with this move, there is still plenty of room for the company to come back from a longer term perspective, and especially if we look to recent lows for the company as well.

The company s share price is down -2.66% from previous highs of around $853.5 per share on March 21, 2017. On the bright side, the company s share price has been on the rebound, up more than 51.6% since hitting lows of $663.28 on June 27, 2016.

Finally, from a technical perspective, there s a strong possibility that the stock could enter into a new bull market after finding strong support between $818.46 and $824.94. In terms of pullbacks, $835.33 level is the first resistance point. Technical analysis can help recognize key technical price levels in the stock. Investors can use these support and resistance levels to refine their entries and exits from stocks.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) price is pointing towards neither exit nor entry barriers, according to a technical analysis tool called the Relative Strength Index (RSI). Last session Alphabet Inc. RSI was seen at 52.52. RSI measures the speed and change of a stock price to warn investors when a stock s momentum has carried it too far. An RSI reading above 80 indicates that a stock is overbought while anything below 20 is oversold.

With these kinds of figures it is worthy to note that Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has been put into a buy territory, but there are few other spots to consider. The Stochastic %K for GOOG is 41.05. Stochastics is a momentum indicator that uses basic support and resistance levels and integrates with the trend to give accurate buy or sell signals to traders. For stochastics, readings below 20 are considered oversold and you would only take buy signals if the indicator is below that level. A value of 80 is considered overbought and sell signals occurring below that level would be ignored. This leads to longer trades and should result in fewer losses. )

14-day Williams %R for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) moved to around 44.07. The interpretation of Williams %R is very similar to that of the stochastic oscillator, except that the stochastic oscillator has internal smoothing. The oscillator ranges from 0 to -100. No matter how fast a security advances or declines, Williams %R will always fluctuate within this range. Overbought and oversold levels can be used to identify unsustainable price extremes. Simply put, readings in the range of 80% to 100% indicate that the security is oversold while readings in the 0% to 20% range suggest it is overbought. 
2017-01-13
Alphabet Inc YouTube Launches Super Chat Published By: Patrick Arruda on January 13, 2017 10:18 am EST

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) YouTube has launched a new feature called "Super Chat" which has given creators another way to make money and even fans to interact with YouTubers easily. The feature s timing is perfect as the company announced its plan to stop monetization of videos known as  Fan Funding.  Thus, now creators have been given another way to earn money from their content.

Super Chat will allow viewers to pin a comment on live broadcasts; a dollar bill symbol will also be seen in the chat window. Users will be able to choose through a slider to select how many dollars would they like to send to the particular YouTuber they enjoy.

The more the user will pay, the more comments will get pinned. Once the payment is made, the comment will be highlighted in another color so that live streamers can flag the paid comment. In case that particular comment is pushed off the stream, creators will still be able to click through paid comments thanks to the colorful pins which will appear at the top of the window screen.

Super Chat is simply a replacement for Fan Funding which will keep creators interested in the platform. The product manager of the company, Barbara Macdonald, said that this is one way fans will be able to reach their favorite creators on the platform and vice versa. Fan Funding was launched back in 2014, through which viewers were able to make payments by choice to creators they enjoyed. Now FF will accept sign ups but will keep on working for channels that have it till the February 28, which is when it will be discontinued.

The new tool will be available in 20 countries to creators, while viewers in 40 countries will be allowed to buy Super Chat messages. Fan Funding is being discontinued because it was not used on a large scale in the first place. Hopefully Super Chat might not give the same result. The tool is for users above 18 years, who own credit cards, but kids might be able to use it if they use their parents  credit cards. YouTube can be given feedback for two and a half weeks of the launch of Super Chat. 
2017-03-31
Why Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Is Still the Alpha Dog At the risk of sounding like a broken record, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG ,NASDAQ: GOOGL ) is the most elite value stock available. First, the obvious fact is that GOOGL stock owns that little thing called the internet. It may have been invented by former Vice-president Al Gore, but Alphabet took it to a whole new level. By logical deduction, an investment in Alphabet stock is an investment in digitalization   not a bad gig at all!

Source: Shutterstock

The other reason why GOOGL stock sits atop an extremely exclusive club is consistency.

Find me a company that is as reliable and has as much potential as Alphabet. The night is still young, but shares have only suffered three annual losses. Of those, only one   in 2008   registered in the double digits. The other down years in 2010 and 2014 average losses of about 5%.

On the plus side, from 2005 through the end of 2016, GOOGL stock is averaging over 24%. Granted, not every year is stellar. But if the end game is a long-term, steady buffer for your portfolio, you can t go wrong with Alphabet stock. It probably won t provide the fireworks of yesteryear, but this is more of a slow burn. Sometimes, you have to have patience for quality work.

Still, I understand the concerns. Psychologically speaking, GOOGL stock has a hefty price tag. Can investors rely upon it over the next ten to twenty years?

The Big Risk With Alphabet Stock

The biggest fundamental risk to GOOGL stock is the  one-trick pony  argument.

As InvestorPlace contributor Lawrence Meyers explains,  Alphabet is the largest digital advertising billboard in the world, with about 88% of its revenues coming from advertising. Moreover, GOOGL stock s growth has been driven by this spectacular seizure of internet territory from competitors. In fact, during the financial crisis, ad revenues still grew about 8% year-over-year in 2009 despite a worldwide ad revenue decline of 11% that year. 

For now, GOOGL exercises unprecedented dominance, and Alphabet stock is surely buoyed by this leverage. As Meyers further notes,  [i]t could get hit with a 20% decline in total revenues, which would bring it roughly in line with fiscal year 2015 results, and still generate net income of $15 billion or so.  Ordinarily, a double-digit sales hit leads to automatic hemorrhaging in the markets. However, GOOGL stock could earn a reprieve.

The problem is what happens in the future? Will people continue to Google things on the internet? Or will there be some other innovation brought forth by Silicon Valley? It seems ridiculous to ask the question, but we ve seen this trend before. Not too long ago, the science of instant (physical) photography was exclusively Polaroid s domain. Today, Polaroid is basically a shell company. Even the term  instant photography  isn t used much anymore.

As great as Alphabet stock is, let s be real   this is not a balanced investment. A paradigm shift in internet advertising can potentially topple GOOGL.

More Good Than Bad for GOOGL

While I respect the risks, I m confident that the positives far outweigh the negatives for Alphabet stock. First off, the one-trick pony argument doesn t scare me as much because we re not talking about commoditized leverage.

What is the internet? Many might answer what they do on the internet, and quite frankly, I don t want to know. But all the responses you might receive boils down to this   it s the forum for the exchange of ideas. Ideas never go out of style. Because of that one single fact, I highly doubt that Alphabet will, either.

The internet has evolved, and dramatically so.

Next Page Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Loses to Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) as the Most ... Results from a new ranking reveal that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is currently the most valuable brand in the United States. The Mountain View, California-based technology company managed to do better than other technology companies such as Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Technology companies were dominant in the rankings as they took seven positions out of the available ten.

Being ranked as the most valuable brand essentially means that the firm is getting the most value from its brand name compared to others. The rankings are conducted by Brand Finance, a valuation and strategy company.

 Google it 

According to Brand Finance, Google s brand name is valued at $109 billion based on the ubiquity of the firm in the daily lives of consumers or users. Google as a brand name has now become so associated with search engines that it has become a verb which is used in reference to searching online. This has helped the company continually rake in billions of dollars in revenues from search advertising.

Google s rise in the rankings was a blow to Apple which had been at the top of the list for the last half a decade. Apple s brand name is now valued at $107 billion having declined from its value of $146 billion in 2016. According to Brand Finance, some of the reasons that have contributed to Apple s poor performance include some missteps the iPhone maker has taken such as merely making minor tweaks in old products and offering them as new versions instead of providing truly revolutionary products.

Amazon is coming

Coming hot on the heels of Apple was Amazon with a brand value of $106 billion having registered a dramatic increase in value of about 53%. And as the ecommerce giant diversifies, innovates and makes acquisitions, it could become a major contender for the top position in the coming years.

This year saw an 11% increase in the combined brand value of the 500 U.S. brands that are ranked at the top as they are now valued at over $3 trillion.

On Thursday shares of Alphabet Inc fell marginally by 0.05% to close the day at $849.48. Should You Buy, Sell, Or Hold?   Internap Corporation (INAP), Alphabet Inc ... Shares of Internap Corporation (NASDAQ:INAP) are making a strong comeback as they have jumped 372.5% since bottoming out at $0.8 on Dec. 15, 2016. Thanks to a rise of almost 3% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 145.45% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -2.07% from $3.86 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 24, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 38.46% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to hold Internap Corporation (INAP) s shares projecting a $4.29 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

INAP s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 4% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter decrease of -6% looks unattractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Internap Corporation net profit margin for the 12 months is at -41.88%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 13.6%, and the sector s average is 4.65%. In that light, it seems in good position compared to its peers and sector.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -2.85% since hitting a peak level of $874.42 on Mar. 17, 2017. Meanwhile, due to a recent pullback which led to a fall of almost -0.85% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 7.2% so far on the year   still in strong zone. In this case, shares are 26.29% higher from $672.66, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Jun. 27, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 4.87% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $849.48, GOOGL has a chance to add $138.4 or 16.29% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($987.88) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 1.8 looks like a buy. It has a 36-month beta of 0.97 , so you might not be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, Alphabet Inc. s EPS growth has been nearly 14.8%. Sure, the percentage is encouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 19.28%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. Alphabet Inc. s ROE is 15.02%, while industry s is 16.43%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 10.13%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. GOOGL s ROA is 12.37%, while industry s average is 9.95%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 8.12. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Optimize and Optimize 360 A/B website testing ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has announced that its Optimize and Optimize 360 A/B website testing tools are now available to everyone after a prolonged period in beta. Some details of Google Optimize 360 first surfaced back in 2015, with a limited beta trial kicking off last March. In a nutshell, Optimize 360 is a website testing product that sits on top of Google Analytics and Google Tag Manager, and helps businesses test and experiment with multiple different versions of their site to see how it performs against a predefined objective. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares slumped -0.05% to $849.48 on Thursday.

Technical Stock Analysis

Shares outstanding are recorded as 685.99M and total shares floated are 602.60M. Current ratio which is the relationship between current assets and current liabilities, indicating the liquidity of a business is calculated as 6.30. Company s distance from 20 day simple moving average is -0.55% and distance from 50-Day simple moving average is 0.61%.

Best time to invest in stock market is when things are on odd side, and it s not easy how to pick stocks. By reviewing stock prices from the stock market history of the company and examining its analysts ratings can give an investment picture with updated information of stock which helps investors to make investing decision. Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 25 analysts of Thomson Reuters, 3 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock and 1 given UNDERPERFORM rating. Analyst s mean target price for GOOGL is $988.38 while analysts mean recommendation is 1.80.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) yearly performance is 11.35% and net profit margin is 21.60%. Annual EPS Growth of past 5 years is 14.80%. Company price to earnings (P/E) ratio, which measures the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price, is calculated as 30.06. The current share price indicate that stock is -2.85% away from its one year high and is moving 26.29% ahead of its 52-week low.

Social Reality, Inc. (NASDAQ:SRAX) Revenue grew 18% to $35.8 million, up from $30.3 million in 2015. Revenue was lower than prior guidance of $40 million primarily due to non-returning buy side business over the holiday season and timing of other advertising placements that shifted out of the fourth quarter of 2016 and into the first quarter of 2017.

On 30 March 2017, Social Reality, Inc. (NASDAQ:SRAX) shares moved to $2.48 after starting the day at $2.88. Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 2 analysts of Thomson Reuters. Analyst s mean target price for SRAX is $10.92 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.00.

At the movement Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) is under coverage by number of analysts. Buy rating has been given by 1 analysts to the company stock and 1 analyst given HOLD rating. The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters analysts is Outperform and their mean rating for the stock is 2.00 on scale of 1-5. Analysts mean target price for Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE:ABR) is $8.58 while their mean recommendation is 2.30 (1=Buy, 5=sell).

If we look at stock performance in last active day trading, we see that stock has moved climbs 1.46% to end the day at $8.33. Company price to earnings (P/E) ratio, which measures the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price, is calculated as 10.82. The current share price indicate that stock is 0.97% away from its one year high and is moving 37.88% ahead of its 52-week low. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) AdWords introduced three improvements to Dynamic ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) AdWords has introduced three improvements to Dynamic Search Ads (DSA), which are said to make them more effective than ever. Here s what s new. A page feed allows advertisers to specify the exact URLs which are to be used with Dynamic Search Ads. This will help ensure only the most relevant products and services are advertised to customers via DSA campaigns. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares slumped -0.05% to $849.48 on Thursday.

Technical Stock Analysis

Shares outstanding are recorded as 685.99M and total shares floated are 602.60M. Current ratio which is the relationship between current assets and current liabilities, indicating the liquidity of a business is calculated as 6.30. Company s distance from 20 day simple moving average is -0.55% and distance from 50-Day simple moving average is 0.61%.

Best time to invest in stock market is when things are on odd side, and it s not easy how to pick stocks. By reviewing stock prices from the stock market history of the company and examining its analysts ratings can give an investment picture with updated information of stock which helps investors to make investing decision. Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 25 analysts of Thomson Reuters, 3 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock and 1 given UNDERPERFORM rating. Analyst s mean target price for GOOGL is $988.38 while analysts mean recommendation is 1.80.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) yearly performance is 11.35% and net profit margin is 21.60%. Annual EPS Growth of past 5 years is 14.80%. Company price to earnings (P/E) ratio, which measures the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price, is calculated as 30.06. The current share price indicate that stock is -2.85% away from its one year high and is moving 26.29% ahead of its 52-week low.

Vale S.A. (NYSE:VALE) said Aberdeen Asset Management PLC, on behalf of minority shareholders, nominated Isabella Saboya to join the company s board. Vale said in a securities filing that Sandra Guerra was also nominated by the minority shareholders as a substitute board member for Saboya in the election scheduled for April 20.

On 30 March 2017, Vale S.A. (NYSE:VALE) shares moved to $9.54 after starting the day at $9.58. Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 3 analysts of Thomson Reuters, 12 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock and 1 given UNDERPERFORM rating. Analyst s mean target price for VALE is $10.18 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.70.

At the movement Wynn Resorts, Limited (NASDAQ:WYNN) is under coverage by number of analysts. Buy rating has been given by 3 analysts to the company stock whereas 1 analyst given UNDERPERFORM rating to stock and 14 analysts given HOLD rating. The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters analysts is Hold and their mean rating for the stock is 2.62 on scale of 1-5. Analysts mean target price for Wynn Resorts, Limited (NASDAQ:WYNN) is $106.06 while their mean recommendation is 2.70 (1=Buy, 5=sell).

If we look at stock performance in last active day trading, we see that stock has moved slumped -1.03% to end the day at $114.30. Company price to earnings (P/E) ratio, which measures the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price, is calculated as 48.13. The current share price indicate that stock is -1.63% away from its one year high and is moving 40.06% ahead of its 52-week low. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) contributing $150 million into Vector Institute Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is contributing to the $150 million going into The Vector Institute, a new initiative housed at the University of Toronto, guided by chief scientific adviser Geoffrey Hinton. The Institute is getting started today, with significant investment from the governments of Canada and the province of Ontario. Google s contribution is around $5 million, but it s likely the future of the two organizations will be closely aligned, since Hinton also acts as VP and Engineering Fellow at Google, where he has had a key role in spearheading AI via Google Brain. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) shares fell -0.05% to $849.48 on Thursday.

Technical Stock Analysis

Shares outstanding are recorded as 685.99M and total shares floated are 602.60M. Current ratio which is the relationship between current assets and current liabilities, indicating the liquidity of a business is calculated as 6.30. Company s distance from 20 day simple moving average is -0.55% and distance from 50-Day simple moving average is 0.61%.

Best time to invest in stock market is when things are on odd side, and it s not easy how to pick stocks. By reviewing stock prices from the stock market history of the company and examining its analysts ratings can give an investment picture with updated information of stock which helps investors to make investing decision. Stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 25 analysts of Thomson Reuters, 3 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock and 1 given UNDERPERFORM rating. Analyst s mean target price for GOOGL is $988.38 while analysts mean recommendation is 1.80.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) yearly performance is 11.35% and net profit margin is 21.60%. Annual EPS Growth of past 5 years is 14.80%. Company price to earnings (P/E) ratio, which measures the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price, is calculated as 30.06. The current share price indicate that stock is -2.85% away from its one year high and is moving 26.29% ahead of its 52-week low.

On 30 March 2017, Cemtrex, Inc. (NASDAQ:CETX) shares moved to $3.60 after starting the day at $3.44. 1 analyst given HOLD rating to the stock. Analyst s mean target price for CETX is $7.50 while analysts mean recommendation is 3.00.

Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) declared its $30 billion tender offer for Swiss biotechnology company Actelion successful on Friday, reporting it controlled 77.2 percent of the voting rights after the main offer period. The price of the offer, which J&J announced on Jan. 26, was $280 per share for Actelion. It said it expected the transaction to close in the second quarter.

At the movement Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) is under coverage by number of analysts. Buy rating has been given by 4 analysts to the company stock and 13 analysts given HOLD rating. The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters analysts is Outperform and their mean rating for the stock is 2.43 on scale of 1-5. Analysts mean target price for Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) is $125.71 while their mean recommendation is 2.50 (1=Buy, 5=sell).

If we look at stock performance in last active day trading, we see that stock has moved fell -0.21% to end the day at $124.66. Company price to earnings (P/E) ratio, which measures the relationship between the earnings of a company and its stock price, is calculated as 21.00. The current share price indicate that stock is -3.36% away from its one year high and is moving 18.96% ahead of its 52-week low. 
2017-01-12
CT Financial Advisors LLC Buys Alphabet Inc, Alphabet Inc, United Therapeutics ... New Purchases: GOOG , GOOGL , Q , VSM, CB, TECK, LGF.B, LMCK, PHO, LPT,

Added Positions:AGG, UTHR, GVI, ACAD, CELG, BSV, VFH, VT, VSS, FB,

Reduced Positions:MCD, LQD, O, PAAS, NEE, NVS, VWO, VB, VDE, GLD,

Sold Out:STRZA, UA, TVC, TLN, VRX, EBND, USG, EIDO, EWK, EWN,

For the details of CT Financial Advisors LLC's stock buys and sells, go to http://www.gurufocus.com/StockBuy.php?GuruName=CT+Financial+Advisors+LLC

3M Co ( MMM ) - 38,228 shares, 5.94% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.01% iShares Core U.S. Aggregate Bond ( AGG ) - 39,458 shares, 3.71% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 18.15% SPDR S&P 500 ( SPY ) - 16,274 shares, 3.17% of the total portfolio. Shares reduced by 0.48% Vanguard FTSE All World Ex US ( VEU ) - 73,027 shares, 2.81% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 0.92% Vanguard Short-Term Bond ( BSV ) - 39,856 shares, 2.76% of the total portfolio. Shares added by 2.44%

CT Financial Advisors LLC initiated holdings in Alphabet Inc. The purchase prices were between $736.08 and $813.11, with an estimated average price of $779.09. The stock is now traded at around $803.69. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.59%. The holdings were 881 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC initiated holdings in Alphabet Inc. The purchase prices were between $753.22 and $835.74, with an estimated average price of $799.67. The stock is now traded at around $826.44. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.33%. The holdings were 474 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC initiated holdings in Quintiles IMS Holdings Inc. The purchase prices were between $71.66 and $80.93, with an estimated average price of $76.68. The stock is now traded at around $77.36. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.1%. The holdings were 1,486 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC initiated holdings in Versum Materials Inc. The purchase prices were between $22.46 and $28.72, with an estimated average price of $24.89. The stock is now traded at around $27.45. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 2,450 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC initiated holdings in Teck Resources Ltd. The purchase prices were between $17.11 and $25.88, with an estimated average price of $21.57. The stock is now traded at around $24.06. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 2,225 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC initiated holdings in Chubb Ltd. The purchase prices were between $121.88 and $133.32, with an estimated average price of $127.51. The stock is now traded at around $129.22. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.04%. The holdings were 326 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC added to the holdings in United Therapeutics Corp by 142.00%. The purchase prices were between $111.68 and $145.38, with an estimated average price of $127.68. The stock is now traded at around $145.56. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.3%. The holdings were 4,056 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC added to the holdings in ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc by 55.40%. The purchase prices were between $20.87 and $30.71, with an estimated average price of $26.46. The stock is now traded at around $31.65. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 13,451 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC added to the holdings in Celgene Corp by 60.75%. The purchase prices were between $97.63 and $124.16, with an estimated average price of $111.36. The stock is now traded at around $117.56. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.12%. The holdings were 3,215 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC added to the holdings in Vanguard Financials ETF - DNQ by 134.00%. The purchase prices were between $49.12 and $60.49, with an estimated average price of $53.48. The stock is now traded at around $59.52. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 2,450 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC added to the holdings in Vanguard Total World Stock Index by 31.67%. The purchase prices were between $58.41 and $62.34, with an estimated average price of $60.2. The stock is now traded at around $62.37. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.07%. The holdings were 5,854 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC added to the holdings in Facebook Inc by 150.26%. The purchase prices were between $115.05 and $133.28, with an estimated average price of $122.81. The stock is now traded at around $126.26. The impact to the portfolio due to this purchase was 0.06%. The holdings were 971 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC sold out the holdings in Starz. The sale prices were between $30.45 and $35.52, with an estimated average price of $32.47.

CT Financial Advisors LLC sold out the holdings in Under Armour Inc. The sale prices were between $29.05 and $38.82, with an estimated average price of $32.82.

CT Financial Advisors LLC sold out the holdings in SPDR Bloomberg Barclays Emerging Markets Local Bon. The sale prices were between $25.78 and $28.42, with an estimated average price of $27.18.

CT Financial Advisors LLC sold out the holdings in Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc. The sale prices were between $13.6 and $24.59, with an estimated average price of $18.34.

CT Financial Advisors LLC sold out the holdings in Talen Energy Corp. The sale prices were between $13.81 and $14, with an estimated average price of $13.92.

CT Financial Advisors LLC sold out the holdings in Tennessee Valley Authority. The sale prices were between $24.76 and $26.21, with an estimated average price of $25.47.

CT Financial Advisors LLC reduced to the holdings in McDonald's Corp by 86.86%. The sale prices were between $110.57 and $123.72, with an estimated average price of $117.26. The stock is now traded at around $121.82. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -1.78%. CT Financial Advisors LLC still held 2,672 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC reduced to the holdings in Pan American Silver Corp by 53.11%. The sale prices were between $14.14 and $18.04, with an estimated average price of $16.12. The stock is now traded at around $17.23. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.16%. CT Financial Advisors LLC still held 9,439 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC reduced to the holdings in Northrop Grumman Corp by 33.49%. The sale prices were between $212.48 and $251.8, with an estimated average price of $232.5. The stock is now traded at around $228.96. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.04%. CT Financial Advisors LLC still held 417 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC reduced to the holdings in iShares FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Global Real Estate ex-U.S by 82.12%. The sale prices were between $26.7 and $30.07, with an estimated average price of $28.02. The stock is now traded at around $26.78. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.03%. CT Financial Advisors LLC still held 305 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC reduced to the holdings in Halliburton Co by 30.29%. The sale prices were between $44.59 and $55.07, with an estimated average price of $49.86. The stock is now traded at around $55.24. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.03%. CT Financial Advisors LLC still held 1,655 shares as of 2016-12-31.

CT Financial Advisors LLC reduced to the holdings in Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co Ltd by 66.67%. The sale prices were between $28.55 and $31.55, with an estimated average price of $30.1. The stock is now traded at around $29.27. The impact to the portfolio due to this sale was -0.03%. CT Financial Advisors LLC still held 500 shares as of 2016-12-31.

This article first appeared on GuruFocus . The Good and the Risk in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) 

The Good and the Risk in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)



Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Looks Good But Has Risk

2017-01-12

" Honda Motor (HMC) said Wednesday that it is in formal discussions with Waymo, the self-driving stand-alone unit of Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL), to add its autonomous vehicle technology to Honda vehicles.



Source: BARRON'S " Source: Bloomberg

" Alphabet Inc. and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV are doubling down on their self-driving partnership, adding about 100 more Pacifica Hybrid minivans to an autonomous fleet first announced in May, according to people familiar with the decision.



Source: Bloomberg " Source: Bloomberg

" The retail deals announced at the consumer technology show CES in Las Vegas hint at Google's broader ambition to merge its mapping capabilities with its core business of facilitating commerce.



Source: Bloomberg " Source: Bloomberg

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is making good progress into a diversified business -- but it also faces one very large risk.First, the company revealed how serious it's getting about self-driving cars, moving it from moonshot status to full blown company status in our CML Pro dossier: It's Time to Focus on Google In that dossier we note that Alphabet Inc created a new company under its umbrella called Waymo. Alphabet Inc teamed up with Fiat Chrysler to put its self-driving technology in a 100 Chrysler minivans. This serves as both a test for the self-driving car technology, and the earliest part of a potential blockbuster deal. Then we got this:As we wrote in that dossier:"It was lost in the wind of headlines, but Alphabet has already started talks with General Motors and Ford as well. Now, imagine for a moment that the self-driving revolution, which is coming much sooner than Wall Street understands, is driven by Alphabet's technology.Yeah, Tesla will have their cars, and likely Apple as well, but Chrysler, Honda and possibly other manufacturers partnering with Alphabet Inc could mean a leader has already been established.Let Tesla sell its 500,000 cars by 2018 if they can. Alphabet is looking to sell tens of millions within five years, with no cost of production, no assembly line, no radical new business - just the best technology in the world licensed to the largest auto makers in the world."That was actually review, here is the new information we learned:But that was the distraction. The real news is that Alphabet is finally going after Uber. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is going to use the semi-autonomous Chrysler Pacifica fleet as a ride-hailing service. Waymo's next move is going to be to let people "use our vehicles to do everyday things like run errands, commute to work, or get safely home after a night on the town."That new build out with Fiat Chrysler looks like it's actually going to happen. But we got even more news from Google last week: The company has rolled out a new retail partnership with BMW and the Gap to deploy its 3-D-scanning project called 'Tango'.The idea here is virtual shopping as a replacement or addition to 'real' shopping. The vision is pretty clear with automobiles and it's nice to see Google going further with standard retail. "A new app allows shoppers to test clothes from the Gap brand using Tango."There are limited audiences for this technology right now, but looking to the future is always the right move for technology.This business, the self-driving car business, along with a possible new line with the Google Pixel smartphone, which we wrote about in our dossier Wall Street is Blind to Google's Upside Potential is finally giving us an eye to Alphabet's broader diversification strategy.But there is risk to Alphabet Inc -- one that's growing and one that is existential.(1) Google is losing a sizable piece of its business to Amazon in one particular area: e-commerce search, according to Eugene Kim of Business Insider.(2) Google better straighten out the 'fake news' phenomenon. As I stated ever so clearly on CBC with Peter Armstrong, if Google Search is no longer a trusted source of content, Google is dead. Of course, that's a radical take on it -- we just note that the company better make strides here, and we believe they will.Here is that interview for convenience (link on MSN Money) Alphabet remains aTop Pick and we remain bullish on the company long-term. We love the new progress and praise the company for finally turning new ideas into new businesses.We promised we would include more option content in our dossiers, so here is a nice piece on Alphabet Inc.Staying bullish here, we examined selling put spreads in GOOGL over a three-year period every month. During this time frame the stock has risen 42.7%. The put spreads, well, they did a lot better:And here is the option strategy highlighted in yellow versus the stock in gray:We discovered this ever so easily on the CML Trade Machine option back-tester with three clicks of the mouse. For those that want to learn more you can click here (it will open a new window, this story will stay here): CML Option back-tester Four Industries Where Alphabet Hit Brakes (GOOG) According to a report in tech publication Business Insider, Alphabet Inc. subsidiary Google (GOOG) has killed its solar drone project, also known as Project Titan. This marks the second project that the Mountain View, Calif.-based company has exited in less than a week.

And that's not the end of it. The company's robot division, Boston Dynamics, is on the block for a sale, while it has also instituted cuts to Google X, the company's division for wild ideas.

Google's moves are a sobering about-turn for a company famous for its moonshots. The decision to rein them in is part of the company's renewed focus on paring down costs after the arrival of former Morgan Stanley CFO Ruth Porat. They are also proof that the company's zeal to reinvent entire industries may have hit a reality roadblock. (See also: How Alphabet Inc. Reworked Its Letters This Year.)

The following is a list of industries that Google has pulled out of or applied the brakes on in the past couple of years.

Augmented Reality (Google Glass)

The augmented reality glasses made a splash when they were first launched back in 2013. The device essentially consisted of a pair of glasses connected to the Internet and fitted with a camera that enabled wearers to browse the net and take photographs at the same time. However, even extravagant photo spreads in fashion magazines could not dim privacy concerns related to the device. They never caught on in mainstream society, and in 2015, Google closed the Explorer program associated with the device.

Broadband (Google Fiber)

Kansas City made headlines in 2011 when it was selected to become the first city to receive Google Fiber. Subsequently, 12 more cities were added to the list of cities with Google's high-speed Internet broadband service. In October last year, the company announced a halting of expansion to new cities and cut down staff for the unit.

Based on reports, the unit was responsible for a majority of the $280 million capital expenditures related in Alphabet's "Other Bets" division. But the company s CFO Ruth Porat reminded investors in a quarterly call that the company still has a broadband presence in 18 cities (in addition to the Webpass acquisition). She said the company was pausing expansion for "exploratory discussions" and to "integrate technology work." (See also: Google Halts Expansion Of Fiber Project.)

Satellite Imaging (Terra Bella)

When Google bought Skybox Imaging (the division's earlier name) for $500 million in 2014, it wanted to use the startup's technology for Google Maps and to spread Internet access in remote regions of the world. Two years later, however, the company seems to have rethought that mission and is reported to be in talks to sell the division off to a competitor in exchange for an equity stake. (See also: Alphabet in Talks to Sell Satellite Imaging Startup.)

Robotics (Boston Dynamics)

Google acquired Boston Dynamics in 2013 for an undisclosed sum and established a robotics division called Replicant in 2014. It released viral videos about life with robots earlier this year. However, the robotics unit is said to be up for sale after senior executives concluded that the unit will not be making money, at least for the next couple of years. The move also represents a possible end to Google's foray into robotics. According to a Bloomberg report last year, there is no longer a separate robotics division within Google. (See also: Why Alphabet Is Looking to Sell Its Robotics Unit.) 
2017-03-27
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Talk Service To Be Shuttered In Efforts To ... Story and images by Market Exclusive

Beginning in June this year, Google Talk, which was also popularly referred to as Gchat, will be axed from the Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) portfolio of products. Google Talk's functionality will, however, remain as Hangouts will take its place. For the four years that Hangouts has existed, there has been a duplication of functionality between Google Talk and Hangouts.

The development will mean that only the look and feel of Google Talk will change once users are transitioned to Hangouts. Even old messages and all other communication content from Google Talk will become available on Hangouts.

Disappearing messages

One reason for Google Talk's popularity was because it didn't log messages and so whatever messages were shared between users remained private. On the Android app, Google Talk will completely cease functioning as well as all third-party apps that have been designed for Google Talk. YouTube Ads Boycott: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Could Lose $750M A report from analysts at Nomura Instinet suggests that Google, a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), could lose up to $750 million from the YouTube advertiser boycott, Business Insider reported.

According to the media reports, more than 250 brands are boycotting Google s display ads network and YouTube because of ads that appear next to extremist content.

However, Google s search advertising is not impacted by the ad boycott.

In note to investors, the analysts said that YouTube would take a 7.5% hit to its revenue, which is estimated to be $10.2 billion for 2017.

According to the report, five of the top 20 advertisers the United States   responsible for 7.5% of the ad revenue in the US   have pulled their advertising from Google s display ads network and YouTube.

 Ad buyers are likely to demand greater direct control over ad placement, which could take time and resources to implement,  the analysts said.

Google has promised that it would engage more people to review content. Also, the search engine giant has said that it would develop more controls for marketer and advertisers.

Furthermore, the analysts noted that the ad boycott will likely to benefit traditional TV companies.

Meanwhile, analysts at RBC Capital Markets and Morgan Stanley believe that the ads boycott won t have a major impact. According to Morgan Stanley, the top 100 advertisers on Google likely represent less than 20% of the search engine giant s total revenues.

Shares of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) were trading down 0.16% to $833.78 on Monday. The stock is up over 5% year-to-date. During the last six month, the stock have gained 2.8%, while its price has been increased by 10.41% during the last 12 months.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Today's Brokerage Rating: Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (AAOI), Alphabet Inc ... Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) gained 6.81% with the closing price of $55.02. The overall volume in the last trading session was 2.13 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAOI) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 13.53 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 3.30 and sector s optimum level is 10.63.

Applied Optoelectronics, Inc. (AAOI) have shown a high EPS growth of 43.90% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 170.10% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.00 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $56.14 above its 52-week highs and is up 8.37% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $55.02 a share and the price is up more than 134.73% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 4.45 vs. an industry average at 1.69. Its sales stood at 40.40% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) ended its day at $835.14 with the rising stream of -0.54% and its total traded volume was 2.1 million shares more than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 13.97, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 14.35 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 10.63. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), at its latest closing price of $835.14, it has a price-to-book ratio of 4.15, compared to an industry average at 5.52. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), stock is trading $874.42 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of 14.80% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 30.00% . Its share price has risen 2.82% in three months and is down -4.27% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 1.80. How Does the Chart Look for Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) ? We have gathered the technical data on Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), and see some interesting trends in the stock s behavior of late. They say the  soul  of a stock is best known by an examination of its behavior on the tape. With that in mind, consider how this stock has been acting as a clue to where it may be headed going forward.

GOOGL has been trading in a bearish trend, based on the relative levels of its 50-day and 200-day simple moving averages. This suggests that the broad sum of capital flow in the stock has been generally negative over the recent period. In terms of the relative level of interest afforded this stock among active participants in the market, relative volume measures have been weak, indicating apathy for the name by traders, investors, and money managers during the past month of action. This suggests something of the significance of other current technical measures as well.

For market timers, it s also important to take measure of the relative level of recent lift or pressure in the stock is it overbought or oversold? For that, we turn to RSI and stochastic measures. The 14-day RSI stands at 37.15%. That shows that the stock, according to a traditional interpretation and usage of the RSI indicator, is not particularly predisposed to a reactive price movement based on this measure If we look at the stochastic measure, the raw data over the stock s last month of action shows a score of 18.45%. Based on a raw data interpretation, this perspective doesn t suggest either an overbought or oversold condition.

Sometimes, there is information carried in simply the degree of movement in a stock. In recent action, GOOGL has made a move of -12.67 over the past month. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by -4.52%, and it s gotten there by action that has been less volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. The stock s recent movement has come on a historical volatility score of 11.34%, which represents the standard deviation of returns of a theoretical long position from a mean price during that period. On a daily basis over the past month, the average true range of the stock, as expressed in percentage terms, is 1.1%. That should give you a pretty good sense of the level of risk implied in a short-term trading approach in the stock with a stop-loss in place.

As it stands at present, the stock might find important action at key Fibonacci levels. Fibonacci levels are used by major Wall Street firm technical desks. The math is drawn from the Fibonacci series that defines growth systems by an interval increase characterized by steps divisible by the  golden ratio  of 61.8%. In this case, the critical 38.2% level drawn off the 52-weeklow of $672.66 sits at $749.73. GOOGL also has additional support below at the stock s 200-day simple moving average, which sits at $798.76. The Must-Know Technicals As They Stand For Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has presented a rich pool of technical data in recent sessions. These are the trends we ve been tracking and how we feel they should be played in the current environment. The best way to gauge the future price movement of a stock is to look at historical chart data and map a course for the future. Gathering this data is best done by combing through the technical data and a mix of indicators.

Recent trading for (GOOG) has highlighted key trends upon which sound decisions can be based. The levels established for its relative 50 and 200 SMAs have suggested that the current trend is bullish. The current trend established by the SMAs also highlight the level of investor interest as the stock makes its way across varying levels of risk and upside potential. This has further created a general positive trading atmosphere. Current trends have also fed into volume levels which have seen weak buying and selling sentiments, reflecting the general indifference of interested parties across the broadest trading and investing spectrum. Combined these sentiment-based indicators and trends point to potential deeper impacts on cross-related technical factors capable of influencing overall upside.

The deeper test for the directional thrust of a stock is measured through two very important indicators: Relative strength indicator (RSI) and Stochastic measures. Both indicators offer up the distilled wisdom of whether the stock is oversold or overbought, i.e. are the sellers dominating activities, or are the buyers doping the bulk of the movement. For (GOOG) the 14-day RSI is 36.47% this indicates that on the balance of traditional RSI measures, the stock is neutral   neither overbought nor oversold and therefore not susceptible to any undue price movements in either direction. The stochastic picture offers up another powerful indicator of potential price movement for (GOOG). Stochastic data amassed over the past 30 days highlights a score of 17.84%. This indicates that the stock is oversold at current levels.

Leading indicators, good as they are in predicting and signaling price movement, may not tell the whole story. When they fall short it is up to other types of indicators to help pick up the slack. Short-term movement for (GOOG) has offered up some interesting dynamics. Its -14.21 price change has produced negative change over the past 30 days. Longer term the stock has underperform the S&P 500 by -4.4%. This performance has come on the back of consistently lower daily volatility when matched against other stocks trading on the same exchange. Recent momentum has been largely informed by a historical volatility of 11.81%. This level of volatility is indicative of the speed (rate of change) of the underlying stock price and is therefore a helpful gauge at a glance. The risk-implied volatility is also being showcased via the average true range, currently 1.1. Keep in mind that ATR does not account for price direction therefore professional traders always utilize the price chart in tandem with the ATR indicator. 
2017-02-09
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Finally Fires Back at Apple With Android Wear 2.0 After delaying the release for months, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) finally launched Android Wear 2.0, the new version of its smartwatch operating system. Along with the new OS, which incorporates advanced features like Google Assistant, new Google smartwatch hardware was announced. Made in partnership with LG, the new devices are premium quality, made to take full advantage of Android Wear 2.0 and ready to take on the Apple Watch.

Source: Google

Here s what you need to know.

Google knows it didn t exactly hit the ball out of the park when it first released its Android Wear smartwatch OS. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) has dominated the smartwatch market since its release and despite an overall cooling for smartwatches in general, it looks as though Apple Watch absolutely destroyed the competition over Christmas.

That has to be especially galling to Google, considering the Apple Watch is only compatible with iPhones, while Android Wear smartwatches work with nearly 90% of the smartphones being sold today. And while Apple Watch remains locked into a clunky square watch face, Android Wear supports the traditional, round wristwatch look.

Android Wear 2.0 Key Features

Google was originally supposed to release Android Wear 2.0 last September, but decided to delay it to this spring. The official announcement landed yesterday afternoon on GOOGL s blog.

What did Google engineers spend the extra time working on? It appears that they had several major goals: improving on the basic features most smartwatch owners use (such as fitness tracking), cutting the cord to a smartphone with LTE support, and making Android Wear 2.0 smartwatches as compatible as possible with the iPhone.

Key features Google is showing off include:

Improved fitness tracking with Google Fit app

LTE support for running apps and making voice calls directly from a smartwatch without requiring connection to a smartphone

Google Assistant is integrated

Customizable watch face components

Google Play access direct from smartwatch

Support for hardware control similar to Apple Watch digital crown

In particular, the ability for more apps to run independently on Android Wear 2.0 devices   with no need to be connected to a smartwatch   means iPhone users will get almost the same experience as Android phone owners. Assuming GOOGL can convince them to skip the Apple Watch.

Next Page Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Waze Carpool Is Changing the Ride Sharing Business The entire Bay Area is now covered by Waze, the

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL

) owned traffic app.

Other places that the traffic app has extended coverage to include Monterey and Sacramento

.

Google started the pilot project in 2016 in Mountain View and San Francisco with a select number of carpoolers

. A similar project is being run in Waze s founding country, Israel. Traders Secrets on Alphabet Inc. (GOOG), McKesson Corporation (MCK) Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) gained 0.17% with the closing price of $808.38. The overall volume in the last trading session was 1.16 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 13.97 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 14.55 and sector s optimum level is 9.48.

Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has earnings decline of -3.20% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 1.90 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $841.95 above its 52-week highs and is up 1.59% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $808.38 a share and the price is up more than 4.74% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 4.12 vs. an industry average at 5.62. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK) ended its day at $140.94 with the rising stream of 0.72% and its total traded volume was 1.12 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK)

McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 11.30, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 11.91 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 59.62. McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK), at its latest closing price of $140.94, it has a price-to-book ratio of 3.86, compared to an industry average at 2.61. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

McKesson Corporation (NYSE:MCK), stock is trading $198.74 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of 18.00% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 30.10% . Its share price has risen 4.99% in three months and is up 0.65% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.70. Barefoot Networks Snags A Former Alphabet Executive  Why the Snapchat IPO Is Great for Alphabet Inc. By Gaurav S. Iyer, IFC Published : February 9, 2017

A Tailwind for Google Stock

Like all initial public offerings (IPOs), Snap Inc. s debut on the stock exchange is a mixed bag. It has the potential to break in either direction, which doesn t mean there aren t definite upsides.

For instance, the Snapchat IPO was basically free advertising for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG), otherwise known as Google. Or, at least for Alphabet s  Google Cloud  computing platform.

That s one of the highlights from Snap s S-1 filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).

 We rely on Google Cloud for the vast majority of our computing, storage, bandwidth, and other services,  read the filing.  Any disruption of or interference with our use of the Google Cloud operation would negatively affect our operations and seriously harm our business.  (Source:  Form S-1 Registration Statement,  U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, February 2, 2017.)

This was a routine disclosure for Snap. You ll find similar statements in every public company s quarterly filings, so don t be alarmed at the wording of the text. In fact, forget what the disclosure means for the Snapchat IPO.

I ve written about that elsewhere here I want to discuss what it means for Alphabet.

Snap is, and has been for some time, one of Google Cloud s biggest clients. The  camera company  is paying Google $2.0 billion over the next five years, with room for more if the user base continues to expand. Since the entire point of the Snapchat IPO is for Snapchat to raise the money needed for expansion, it s logical to conclude that Alphabet stands to profit from the Snapchat IPO.

Alphabet, the Internet giant, spent the last few years buying and building data centers. It is battling hard to dethrone traditional IT vendors like International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM), a bold ambition if I ever saw one. But the risk is worth the potential reward.

Why? Because poaching big corporate contracts could send Google (GOOG stock) soaring by double or even triple digits. This is a fast-growing, high-margin business. Google is one of the few that can compete with the veterans of IT, but it needs better branding. Having the size, deep pockets, and engineering talent isn t enough something more is required.

Corporations have to believe that Google Cloud is safe, secure, and reliable. After all, Google is asking them to take a chance by abandoning their legacy IT vendors. As such, Google needs to make an aggressive sales pitch, because that s how you win big clients. It helps when it can say,  Snap is on its way to being the next Facebook, and its entire business is run on our cloud. 

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) experienced a similar boom by drawing Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) onto its cloud. Clients gravitated towards  Amazon Web Services  (AWS) thereafter, because business executives trust numbers. When they see a major firm voting with their dollars, choosing one provider over another, they start to pay attention.

Unsurprisingly, the Netflix deal led both revenues and Amazon s share price to astonishing new heights. It s an open secret that AMZN stock s 120% gain in the last two years was due to the success of AWS, so I m bullish on Google following Amazon down this road.

The Snap contract could be a homing beacon for other large clients, thus turning Google Cloud into a larger part of Alphabet s bottom line. I wouldn t be surprised at all if Google stock doubles its market value in 12 to 18 months. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google To Penalize Play Store Apps Without Privacy ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google will start penalizing Play Store apps that fail to comply with valid privacy policies. The telco has been issuing notices to developers revealing severe consequences for Play Store apps which violet user privacy policies.

In a statement sent to app developers, Google plans to limit the visibility of apps with unclear User Data policies   or in the worst cases remove the worst offenders  altogether.

Google s User Data policy requires developers be very open and transparent in how they handle user information, and if the app handles sensitive use information, developers are bound by more restrictions.

Apart from clearly displaying data policies for readers to access them, Google requires that the same be posted in both a designated field in the Play Developer Console and from within the Play-distributed app itself.

Personal information should also be handled in a secure way using modern cryptography, like over HTTPS. It is a requirement from Google for app developers to accurate and valid privacy policy in case of sensitive use data

In a notice to Google Play developers the Google says  violate [Google s] User Data policy regarding personal and sensitive information. 

Developers who have received the notice have up to March 15 this year to include a link to a valid privacy policy which conforms to Google s rules on their application s Store Listing page. Developers can also simply scrap the permissions request to collect private user information.

Any developers who will ignore the warning will have their applications hidden from view in the App Store or removed altogether.

This could be a welcome move for app developers who take their time to ensure their permissions and programming requests are right and user data is handled in the right way. The purge is also an indication that Google is seeking to tighten control and improve standards in the crowded Android app marketplace.

It is welcome news for app users knowing the seriousness with which Google takes user privacy when using mobile applications.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2017-01-02
How Amazon.com, Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AMZN) Innovative Strategy is Beating Alphabet ... It s all about innovation and pushing beyond limits when it comes to growth and vision in the tech world. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) clearly beats Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) with its long term vision and product strategy.

Amazon s Pioneer Products in IoT

Amazon launched its smart home assistant speaker, Amazon Echo back in 2014 when Google and Apple were just in the rudimentary stages of realizing the fact that smartphones and apps are approaching their saturation points and the future belongs to AI and Internet of Things. In 2016 holiday season, Amazon Echo and Echo Dot were the most popular devices bought by people. Echo Dot is the latest mode of Amazon Echo. It is powered by Alexa, the smart assistant which takes user voice commands and execute them. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is clearly a trend setter in IoT, a market where estimated annual revenues are excepted to surpass $470 billion by 2020. Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google has recently launched Android Things, a special operating system for making IoT-based mobile apps and software. Google also launched Google Home, a smart home suite, in November 2016. Alphabet has another interesting product called  Nest  which acts as a smart device to control temperature, detect fire and control devices. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) also has its own IoT platform, HomeKit. However, it didn t get the expected popularity.

Advanced Real-Time Chart: If not automatically loaded with the correct symbol related to this article, you can manually enter it (ex. AAPL) to update the chart.

Amazon s Powerful Footprint in eBooks Industry

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) receives a huge chunk of its revenue from its Kindle product line. The company started selling Kindle reading devices based on the popularity of eBooks. Today, Amazon has over 70% of eBook market share. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) do not have a footprint in this area.

Amazon Dwarfing Google, Apple in Cloud

Amazon remains the leader in Cloud services, thanks to its sterling Cloud platform, Amazon Web Services (AWS). Amazon s AWS revenue in 2016 is expected to come in at $12 billion, compared to $7.9 billion last year. Over the past four quarters, AWS accounted for two-thirds of Amazon s operating profits. Amazon.com s, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) only competitors in this area are Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Microsoft. Apple has no Cloud platform for advanced Enterprise. Its iCloud service is only for iOS and Mac users. Apple s adherence to its ecosystem-centric approach may cost the company dearly in the future.

Amazon s Revolutionary Technology in Retail

Amazon recently revealed Amazon Go, a disruptive new way to do shopping in stores. Amazon Go promises to change the way we shop forever. Amazon Go promises no checkout lines and quick shopping in an unprecedented way. Check out this video to see what Amazon Go is all about and how it works.

Problem with Apple and Google

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is focusing entirely on trying to reinvigorate growth in its iPhone product line, which has clearly lost steam, and future is not looking very promising, as well. Apple slashed its iPhone 7 production orders by 10% for the first quarter of 2017, a clear sign that the company will have to tap into other areas like IoT, robots, content and AI. Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google deserves appreciation on its ambitious  moonshot  projects. From robots to energy and self-driving cars, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has invested in to multiple product lines. But the company seems to have an execution problem. It has invested millions in moonshot projects so far has faced problems after failing to properly use its robotics startups.

Amazon s Future is Bright

Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) is also working on new product delivery methods, self-driving trucks, streaming content and drones. The company has a flexible working structure and no standardization, thanks to Jeff Bezos  vision. FCA and Google collaborate on a uconnect system concept powered by android  
2017-02-28
YouTube TV marks Alphabet entry into live television offerings  Sell-Side Analyst's Predictions: Campbell Soup Co. (CPB), Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) surged 0.08% to $829.28. During the trading on 02/27/2017, Company s stock ranged from $824.00 to $830.50.

The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 64.03 that is neither bought nor sold range.

Brokerage Rating

Zacks offers analysts with an Average Broker Rating (or ABR), basing it on sell-side recommendations.

Presently Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) stock have an ABR of 1.40. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. Looking ahead to earnings forecasts, for the running fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have anticipated that the company will report NA earnings per share. This is the current Zacks consensus EPS which was calculated at the time of writing. Analysts might review their estimates as they will get closer to the actual results date.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) share price increased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $841.95. The stock was trading on below-average volume. The stock traded at a volume of 1.1 million shares. The share price is now up 8.97% for the past three months. Latest closing price was 2.87% above its 50-day moving average and 8.21% above its 200-day moving average.

On 02/27/2017 close, Campbell Soup Company (NYSE:CPB) plummeted -0.24% to $58.97. The stock currently has a Market Cap of $18.09B.

Price Target in Focus

Even though monitoring stock technical is significant, most stockholders are more apprehensive about where the stock might be going now. Equity research analysts have given opinions on where they foresees the stock level. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are forecasting a harmony target price of $59.38 on company shares. This is a near-term estimation for the next 12-18 months.

While trading at volume below than average, Campbell Soup Company (NYSE:CPB) previous 52-week high was $66.95 and moved down -2.76% over the same period, trading at a volume of 1.1 million. Shares have dropped -2.34% over the trailing 6 months. The stock is currently trading -3.74% below its SMA 50 and -0.37% below its SMA 200. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)'s Owned Company YouTube Beats Its Rivals In The ... Compteittion in the video has been rampant, with Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) and Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ:NFLX) enjoying dominance, but the game has been changed as YouTube, the Alphabet-owned company has hit a new milestone in viewership last year.

The Wall Street Journal notes that millions of people are spending billion of hours watching YouTube videos on the Video-sharing platform. From 2012, YouTube has experienced a ten-fold increase in viewership. Its milestone is over and above Netflix s 116 million hours and the 100 million hours of daily streaming on Facebook.

What was YouTube s strategy to trump its rivals?

A few years ago the company gave priority to viewing time over clicks. It was tapping into the the fact that people are increasingly using their mobile devices to access the internet. In fact, more than 60% of YouTube viewing is on mobile devices and tablets.

In acknowledging YouTube s move, eMarketer principal video analyst Paul Verna wrote,  Marketers have long prized time spent as a measure of engagement, so YouTube s emphasis on that aspect of its platform has positioned the company to capture a growing share of TV budgets. 

YouTube s milestone evidence of powerful innovations in personalization

There is notable competition in the digital video space, which is being triggered by new and successful properties. Innovation is increasing as every new entity fights to gain market share. YouTube usage remains strong and continues to be of importance to its parent company Alphabet.

However, figures of daily usage are not yet published. There is a speculation that the video-sharing platform reached 185.9 million monthly US users in 2017. Monica Peart, eMarketer senior forecasting director points out that more and more viewers are becoming aware of YouTube.

The company has gone ahead to introduce a lightweight app in India as well. In the meantime, Alphabet s stock closed at $849.67 witnessing an increase of $1.86 or 0.22%.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google Top Filer of Self-Driving Car Lidar Patents By Malathi Nayak and Tommy Shen

Technology giant Alphabet Inc. s Google has the biggest trove of U.S. patents related to the crucial autonomous-car technology that s at the heart of its dispute with Uber Technologies Inc., Bloomberg Law data show.

The future is likely to bring even more patent and trade-secret disputes, as carmakers and technology companies race to deliver the first commercially viable self-driving cars to consumers.

But to do that, companies need Light Detection and Ranging or lidar technology. Lidar is a radar-like system that uses lasers instead of radio waves to create a 3-D image of the surrounding environment.

In the last decade, 770 patents have been granted by the Patent and Trademark Office on lidar-related inventions for both automotive and other industries, Bloomberg Law data show. Another 719 patent applications have been submitted, according to the data.

In the automotive sector, from 2006 to 2016, Google filed more lidar technology patent applications than any other company, followed by automakers General Motors Co. and Ford Motor Co. GM has partnered with ride-hailing service Lyft Inc.

The volume of lidar patent applications peaked in 2014, with a total 235 applications filed, while 2013 saw the highest number of lidar patents granted 123.

On Feb. 23, Waymo, the self-driving car business of Alphabet, accused ride-hailing service Uber, in a court filing, of stealing its lidar designs. In January, Tesla Motors Inc. sued a former employee, accusing him of taking confidential information about the company s driver-assist system to a new autonomous-car startup.

To contact the reporter on this story: Malathi Nayak in Washington at mnayak@bna.com; Tommy Shen in Washington at tshen@bna.com

To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mike Wilczek at mwilczek@bna.com

Copyright   2017 The Bureau of National Affairs, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Novartis Chairman: No decision yet on Alcon's future  
2017-02-13
Benefit From Google's Revenue Growth The stock price appreciation is justified by the growth rate of the earnings and intrinsic value.

Historical Performance

When we compare the long-term performance of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG, GOOGL) stock with the performance of the S&P 500 ETF (NYSEARCA:SPY), we can see Alphabet Inc. has strongly outperformed the market index.

Source: StockCharts.com

The outperformance started already in 2006, and the current stock price momentum is not slowing down its speed. The share price of GOOGL is currently at $834, bringing the total market capitalization value to $567 billion (the second-largest market cap, right after Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)).

Personally, I have been following Alphabet's stock price performance closely in the previous years. I have bought a few shares in 2015, when the price was around the $550 level, but it always remained a small position in my stock portfolio. The reason why I did this was because I considered the stock price elevated from a technical point of view. The price has been growing strongly almost continuously in the previous years without much of a pullback. As a consequence, this company remained on the watchlist of stocks I would buy if the markets crashed (like in 2008-2009).

That's not to say I don't believe in the company fundamentally. I use Google daily (everyone I know does), and the companies I worked for are all advertising via the Google website. I strongly believe Google will keep growing its income flow from advertising and will keep increasing its market value. While Alphabet is more than just Google (the advertising business), the strong income from this segment is, for me, the most important reason buy this stock and hold it in my portfolio for many years.

In the beginning of 2017, I forced myself to take a closer look into the fundamentals of Alphabet, its earnings growth and what can likely be expected in the future from this company and its stock price. I will present a short summary of these results in this article and demonstrate a trade idea to benefit from Google and its future price performance.

Fundamentals of Alphabet

The revenue of Alphabet is currently $90 billion for 2016 (up from $0.4 billion in 2002). Growth in revenues has been realized year after year:

(Source: Statista)

The bulk of this revenue comes from the advertising business of Alphabet Inc. A question worth asking here is: Will the growth of the advertising business in general continue as well in the coming years?

A recent report from the Internet Advertising Bureau details the quarterly growth in the advertising income since 1996. As can be seen from this chart, income from advertising is still growing strongly. Internet ad revenues increased by 20% in Q3 2016 (year over year).

(Source: Interactive Advertising Bureau)

Being the most dominant player in the online search market, Google has seen its income increase steadily. We should also keep in mind the other business fields Alphabet is active in, outside of advertising. The company calls this segment "Other Bets". While income from this segment is small in comparison to that from the advertising segment, it could become more significant in the future. Shareholders of Alphabet will benefit from successes in this segment as well once the income starts to increase.

In the table below, Alphabet's fundamentals for the previous years are summarized. I expect these growth rates to continue in the coming years, just as they have been doing since the inception. The stock price of Alphabet is bound to appreciate further with these underlying fundamentals.

(Source: YCharts)

Opportunity: Buy long-term call option on Alphabet

Considering these points above, we think Alphabet remains a strong investment in 2017 and in the upcoming years. The current P/E ratio of the stock price is 30, which seems reasonable given its current position.

For this reason, we would suggest initiating a long position in a call option contract on Alphabet. In this way, you can minimize your required investment to benefit from a rise in the underlying stock price. Here we would suggest buying a call option contract expiring on January 19, 2018, with a strike price of $900 (around 8% above the current stock price).

(Source: Nasdaq.com)

This call option contract gives the holder the right to buy 100 shares of Alphabet for $900 at any time until 19/01/2018. The total cost of the call option contract will be $4,169 ($41.69 per common share).

The trade has the following benefits:

The implied volatility of Alphabet is currently low (13%), considering the implied volatility levels it faced in the past. This implied volatility is the main driver of option prices on Alphabet, which means the options are inexpensive at these IV levels. This low volatility can also be seen in the general stock indices, which are currently making new highs.

(Source: Optionistics)

The profit potential is highly leveraged compared to a simple purchase of Alphabet common stocks. In the graph below, we compare the profit profile of the call options with the profit profile of common GOOGL stocks:

(Source: Yahoo Finance)

The expiration of the call options is on 19th January, 2018, giving the stock price of Alphabet time to increase in value.

The risk of this option investment is limited to the debit amount paid for the call options. A purchase of 100 GOOGL stocks would currently cost $83,400. This call option contract only costs $4,169 and will also give you upward potential from appreciation in the stock price of GOOGL.

The main disadvantage of this call option investment (compared to an investment in the common stock) is the timing. If the common stock declines in the upcoming months, the premium of the GOOGL calls will decline strongly as well. With GOOGL stocks, you can just hold on to your stock and wait for better times, while you don't have this luxury with the call options.

In conclusion

GOOGL has seen its stock price rise strongly in the previous years, systematically beating the S&P 500 stock index. This can be explained by the company's strong fundamentals and its growing revenue from the advertising market. We expect this outperformance to continue in the future with a rising GOOGL stock price.

Investors who believe in GOOGL can buy common stock at $834 or purchase call options. We prefer the latter alternative, mainly because the implied volatility is this low. Call options are not expensive at these anticipated volatility levels, and investors can use this fact to make an investment in Alphabet Inc.

Disclosure: I am/we are long GOOGL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Why Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Would Win Big With a Twitter Buyout Data it s what makes the tech world go  round. And in the case of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ), it s what drives its profits, cash flows and ultimately the value of its stock. Google has made a name for itself delving into people s lives, running it through an algorithm and selling the output to advertisers. Pretty much everything GOOGL stock does   even controlling your thermostat   has to do with creating this huge base of data for the company to play with.

Source: Shutterstock

And its latest, and somewhat secret moves are all about getting its hands another massive pile of people s lives. Google is buying floundering social media network Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR ).

Well, not entirely. But GOOGL has started picking off pieces of the Twitter corpse. And by snagging some of TWTR s items now, Alphabet could be setting itself up for to buy the whole enchilada later on. In the end, that actually might be a great deal for GOOGL stock investors as its all about the data.

GOOGL Snags Developer Tools

Twitter has been a potential buyout candidate basically the second it IPO d a few years ago. Perhaps even more so now that the social network has struggled to see user growth and profitability. TWTR stock has plunged about 60% since its public offering. But like Google, Twitter is much more than just its namesake service. In this case, it s about app development.

For an undisclosed sum, Alphabet has agreed to buyout Twitter s main developer project   Fabric.

Fabric provides a software toolkit for development and design of mobile apps. And even though it s part of Twitter, it s not small potatoes. The software is used by more than 580,000 mobile developers including Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NASDAQ: BABA ) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc s (NYSE: WMT ) Jet.com.

Fabric will be folded into Google s own Firebase mobile developer platform, and its employees will be now part of Alphabet.

So why would the company want this stuff and the talent pool? As I said, it s all about data.

With the addition of Fabric, GOOGL will own two of the most popular tools for developing mobile apps. Fabric is a favorite stomping ground for app development for Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL ) iOS software for iPhones/iPads. By having the two under one umbrella, it gives Alphabet an easy inroad to help developers make formerly exclusive iPhone apps available for the mobile web and Google s Android software. You know, where GOOGL stock makes a bulk of its advertising dollars.

The second big data kicker comes from the fact that while much of Google s tools are available for free; many developers will buy computing power and storage from the company s cloud service. It s expected that once Fabric is integrated fully, the deal would be the same. Not only does that boost GOOGL s cloud revenues, but it gives it a chance to comb through all the data being produced and potentially mine it for what it is worth.

Backend as a service (BaaS) platforms like Fabric and Firebase fit perfectly into Google s  Here, have it for free, we ll just keep the data  business model.

In the end, the purchase will allow Google to further cement itself as one of the world s biggest mobile app developers and give it a new source of additional revenue.

Next Page One Reason Staffers Quit Google's Car Project? The Company Paid Them So Much For the past year, Google's car project has been a talent sieve, thanks to leadership changes, strategy doubts, new startup dreams and rivals luring self-driving technology experts. Another force pushing people out? Money. A lot of it.

Early staffers had an unusual compensation system that awarded supersized payouts based on the project's value. By late 2015, the numbers were so big that several veteran members didn't need the job security anymore, making them more open to other opportunities, according to people familiar with the situation. Two people called it "F-you money."

In December, the car unit morphed into a standalone business called Waymo, and the system was replaced with a more uniform pay structure that treats all employees the same, according to a person familiar with the situation. Still, the original program got so costly that a top executive at parent Alphabet Inc. highlighted it last year to explain a jump in expenses. A spokeswoman for Alphabet, the holding company that owns Google and "Other Bets" like the autonomous car business, declined to comment.

The payouts contributed to a talent exodus at a time when the company was trying to turn the project into a real business and emerging rivals were recruiting heavily. The episode highlights Alphabet's difficult transition from a digital advertising giant into a diversified technology company with varied groups of employees requiring different incentives. Other new businesses, including health care unit Verily, use different compensation systems too, but they have yet to generate huge payouts like the car project.

The unorthodox system started in 2010, soon after Google unveiled its first self-driving vehicle. It was constructed to tie employees' fortunes to the performance of the project, rather than Google's advertising money machine. In addition to cash salaries, some staffers were given bonuses and equity in the business and these awards were set aside in a special entity. After several years, Google applied a multiplier to the value of the awards and paid some or all of it out. The multiplier was based on periodic valuations of the division, the people said.

The precise metrics that the division was measured by-- and caused the bonuses to balloon-- are not known. But by 2015, the Google car project had come a long way: Google s vehicles had logged more than one million autonomous miles; car companies including Toyota Motor Corp. and Tesla Inc. announced their own plans to develop autonomous systems; and analysts predicted the technology would transform the auto industry.

A large multiplier was applied to the compensation packages in late 2015, resulting in multi-million dollar payments in some cases, according to the people familiar with the situation. One member of the team had a multiplier of 16 applied to bonuses and equity amassed over four years, one of the people said. They asked not to be identified talking about private matters.



Part of the problem was that payouts snowballed after key milestones were reached, even though the ultimate goal of the project -- fully autonomous vehicles provided to the public through commercial services -- remained years away.

Ruth Porat Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg

It s unclear how much the payouts cost Alphabet, however, Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat talked about it during an earnings conference call with analysts in early 2016.

Operating expenses in the fourth quarter of 2015 rose 14 percent to $6.6 billion, "primarily driven by R&D expense, particularly affected by expenses resulting from project milestones in Other Bets established several years ago," Porat said, according to a transcript. The CFO wasn t specific, but one of the people familiar with the situation said the comments referred to the car project compensation.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Staff departures from the car division increased in 2016. Some were frustrated with the pace of progress and had doubts about new leader John Krafcik, while others wanted to start their own autonomous vehicle companies, people familiar with the matter said. The big payouts exacerbated the situation because team members had less financial incentive to stay, the people familiar with the situation said.

Chris Urmson, previous leader of the project, departed in August and is working on a startup. Other early project members left to form Otto, a self-driving trucking company that was quickly snapped up by Uber Technologies Inc. Bryan Salesky, a former Google car executive, started Argo AI, which got a $1 billion investment from Ford Motor Co. on Friday.

Urmson and Salesky didn t respond to requests for comment. Sebastian Thrun, who started the car project and helped design the pay system, didn t respond to questions, either.

During the early 2016 conference call, Porat suggested a different approach to incentives at Other Bets in the future. "It is about getting more ambitious things done. We re doing that in a framework to ensure we are disciplined with our resources, and this was just calling out a milestone established some time ago," she said. 
2017-01-18
3 Reasons You Should Buy Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock in 2017 Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL , NASDAQ: GOOG ) had a respectable performance for the past year, gaining some 16%. Although, it did lag behind one of its fiercest rivals, Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB ), whose stock logged a return of 34%. And both paled in comparison with Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ), which mustered 40% gains for its shareholders.

Source: Shutterstock

Of course, for Alphabet Inc, the company will not have the same kind of high-growth rates of past. The revenue base is simply too massive.

This does not mean the stock will somehow get stuck, however. If anything, there are some positive long-term drivers that should benefit shareholders in the coming year and beyond. Let s take a look at three:

GOOGL Stock Driver #1   Tech Megatrends

While the online advertising industry has been around for over two decades, there remains lots of room for growth. According to IDC, the global spending is forecast to go from $177.3 billion in 2015 to $315.7 billion in 2020. Some of the key drivers include: the ubiquity of internet access and smartphones, the advantages of tracking/analytics, personalization, and the increased use of video.

All this is certainly good news for holders of GOOGL stock. Consider that the company derives about 90% of its revenues from online advertising. More importantly, Alphabet has a tremendous platform, which includes seven properties that have over a billion users (the main Google property, YouTube, Gmail, Maps, Chrome, Android and Play).

The result is that the company is getting an outsized share of the online ad opportunity. In the latest quarter, GOOGL reported a 20% increase in revenues to $22.45 billion. Google s CEO, Sundar Pichai, said:  Our services are prime time for the mobile world.  After all, Alphabet Inc controls a whopping 95% of the mobile search market.

GOOGL Stock Driver #2   Bold Innovation

From inception, the DNA of GOOGL has been about pushing the envelope on innovation. Granted, sometimes there have been embarrassing flops. But hey, this is critical for achieving success (keep in mind the countless times Thomas Edison failed until he figured out the light bulb).

So yes, the company has continued to release innovative products. Some of the recent ones include the Pixel phone, Duo (a video chat app), Google Home (a voice-activated speaker) and Allo (a smart messaging app).

But perhaps the technology that has the most potential to be transformative for GOOGL stock is artificial intelligence. The company s long history of building and leveraging massive databases is definitely a huge advantage (the knowledge base consist of over 70 billion facts about people, places and things).

Basically, with AI, the opportunity is to make technology natural and seamless   not something you need to activate, enter information into or boot up. In other words, the systems will crunch data to learn and adapt.

Oh, and the monetization could be enormous. As InvestorPlace.com s Aaron Levitt recently wrote:

 In the end, Alphabet is setting itself up to be the absolute king of data collection. Moving beyond the desktop and mobile phone and into our daily lives is the next step in how it will better compete and drive advertising sales. This shift is the next evolution in its business model. 

Next Page Twitter's Fabric acquired by Google- blog  
2017-03-14
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Carries Some Risks I recently wrote an article suggesting that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL , NASDAQ: GOOG ) was the perfect value play, as it was a growth stock that was not unreasonably valued based on various criteria. Now I ll dive into what I think the risks of GOOGL stock are, and how they may manifest.

Source: Shutterstock

My biggest concern with GOOGL stock has always been that it is effectively a one-trick pony. Alphabet is the largest digital advertising billboard in the world, with about 88% of its revenues coming from advertising. Moreover, GOOGL stock s growth has been driven by this spectacular seizure of internet territory from competitors.

In fact, during the financial crisis, ad revenues still grew about 8% year-over-year in 2009 despite a worldwide ad revenue decline of 11% that year.

GOOGL Stock and Digital Advertising

Now, digital advertising was still in its hyper-growth phase back then. Should another major crisis hit, I m not so sure that Alphabet won t see a decline. Yet what s so astonishing about GOOGL stock is just how much money it makes from advertising. It could get hit with a 20% decline in total revenues, which would bring it roughly in line with fiscal year 2015 results, and still generate net income of $15 billion or so, and operating cash flow of $26 billion or so.

This is hardly a catastrophe, which shows that for now at least, GOOGL has a lock on substantial growth in ad revenue. However, that advertising is the result of people using Google s search engine. What if that changes? Right now, Google has more than 80% search engine market share. It s so popular that we now use the product s name as a verb.

I think it will be very difficult to supplant Google as far as search engine usage goes. However, there is other behavior which may result in less reliance on the search engine and, therefore, fewer eyeballs for ads. Mobile apps have obviously exploded in number and usage. The more adept and fully functional that apps become, the less Google may be used.

Social media is only going to grow, and the more that these products offer in terms of either their own search engines, or places for advertisers to divide their ad spend, the worse it is for GOOGL.

Next Page Alphabet Inc Now Lets Users Send Money Directly In Gmail App Google parent Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) just rolled out an update to its Gmail app for Android devices that lets users send money to contacts via Google Wallet directly inside the app.

Previously, the feature was only available via Gmail on desktops, but now it s on mobile too (albeit only for Android, not iOS). The Verge has details on how the new feature works:

You tap the attach button like you normally would to send along a photo, video, or document, and now you ll see an option to attach some money. Recipients don t need a Gmail email address for it to work, and they can have money transferred directly to their bank account once it s been received.

Sending money through Google Wallet is free for both the sender and the recipient, which gives it a leg up on some other popular services. Currently, the P2P money sending market is dominated by Paypal and Venmo, but major U.S. banks are teaming up to try and take their share of the market via a new service called Zelle.

While the new Gmail feature is unlikely to be a huge catalyst for Google Wallet, it s at least a sign that Google wants to keep Wallet around for a while. Perhaps more development will follow, and Wallet   which Google doesn t share any metrics about   can grow into a major revenue generator for the company somehow in a very fast-growing market.

Alphabet Inc shares were trading at $864.76 per share on Tuesday afternoon, up $0.18 (+0.02%). Year-to-date, GOOGL has gained 9.12%, versus a 5.91% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.

GOOGL currently has a StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 43 stocks in the Internet category. Analyst's Proposition on The JM Smucker Company (SJM), Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Shares of The J. M. Smucker Company (NYSE:SJM) dropped -0.27% to $139.11. During the trading on 03/13/2017, Company s stock ranged from $138.62 to $139.59.

The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 53.69 that is neither bought nor sold range.

Brokerage Rating

Zacks offers analysts with an Average Broker Rating (or ABR), basing it on sell-side recommendations.

Presently The J. M. Smucker Company (NYSE:SJM) stock have an ABR of 2.69. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. Looking ahead to earnings forecasts, for the running fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have anticipated that the company will report 1.74 earnings per share. This is the current Zacks consensus EPS which was calculated at the time of writing. Analysts might review their estimates as they will get closer to the actual results date.

The J. M. Smucker Company (NYSE:SJM) share price decreased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $154.81. The stock was trading on above-average volume. The stock traded at a volume of 1.15 million shares. The share price is now up 8.62% for the past three months. Latest closing price was 2.84% above its 50-day moving average and 1.78% above its 200-day moving average.

On 03/13/2017 close, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) rose 0.27% to $845.54. The stock currently has a Market Cap of $575.74B.

Price Target in Focus

Even though monitoring stock technical is significant, most stockholders are more apprehensive about where the stock might be going now. Equity research analysts have given opinions on where they foresees the stock level. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are forecasting a harmony target price of $970.75 on company shares. This is a near-term estimation for the next 12-18 months.

While trading at volume below than average, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) previous 52-week high was $844.91 and moved up 16.33% over the same period, trading at a volume of 1.15 million. Shares have risen 11.31% over the trailing 6 months. The stock is currently trading 3.90% above its SMA 50 and 9.46% above its SMA 200. Google says introducing feature to share money through Gmail app on android  VideoBurst starts cooperation with Google  
2017-01-05
Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Risks Losing Current And Future Federal Contracts ... Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) faces the risk of losing all current and future government contracts having been sued by the department of labor as part of an anti-discrimination audit. The department in its lawsuit is seeking to compel the tech giant to hand over compensation data as part of a compliance evaluation.

Google s Privacy Concerns

In the lawsuit, the Department accuses the search giant of failing to hand over requested data and documents pertaining to compensation as requested by the office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs. The agency had sought data regarding the company s equal opportunity program as early as September 2015.

 Despite many opportunities to produce this information voluntarily, Google has refused to do so. We filed this lawsuit so we can obtain the information we need to complete our evaluation,  said OFCCP Acting Director Thomas M. Dowd.

Google in its defense insists it has turned down over hundreds of thousands of documents to the department as part of its commitment to people s privacy. The tech giant goes on to claim that handing over some of the documents requested by the agency will reveal confidential data, something it is not willing to do.

Diversity Concerns

Google, one of the biggest Federal contractors, is required by law to permit the federal government to inspect and copy records of its compliance with equal opportunity. The law prohibits such contractors from discriminating in hiring based on applicant s race, color, religion, sex, or sexual orientation. Why Google would discriminate by anything other than talent and productivity is an open question.

The tech giant handing over the required documents is expected to shed more light on its hiring practices as well as the composition of its workforce, though it is unclear how the composition of its workforce would constitute evidence of discrimination based on anything other than talent and productivity.

Just like other tech companies where men occupy a good number of high-ranking position, Google continues to grapple with diversity concerns, something that the labor department wants to crack down on, as they hold that if the numbers are not exactly equal in proportion to population, discrimination based on something other than productivity must be taking place. The same is part of an effort that seeks to enforce equal employment opportunities regardless of one s race, gender, or sexual orientation. It is unclear how this effort helps either those supposedly discriminated against, or Google.

Google stock was unchanged in Wednesday trading session having shed $0.24 to close the session at $807.77 a share.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google AR Shopping Tech: Alphabet Inc. Partners With BMW, Gap Google is working to create new shopping experiences for consumers. The company announced retail partnerships with BMW and Gap Inc. to use its augmented reality (AR) platform Project Tango and work towards creating a shopping experience in which shoppers do not need to be physically present at the retail outlet, but they can choose products as if they were.

 We see a lot of use of this technology in retail, for measuring your garage or buying big-ticket items like kitchens for example,  Eric Johnsen, business development executive, augmented reality at Google, spoke at CES in Las Vegas on Wednesday, where the deals were announced.

Tango uses computer vision comprising of technologies such as 3D mapping, motion-tracking and AR instead of GPS to help devices sense their environments.

Google s technology venture will use cameras and sensors in smartphone to create digital images in physical spaces, the best example of which is the AR game Pok mon Go.

While Google s deal with Gap Inc. will help consumer shop in Gap stores just like they would usually do   checking out and trying out merchandize, its deal with BMW is a little different.

With BMW, Google is trying out an AR app which will display its i3 and i8 cars on smartphone screens.

Car buyers will be able to check out superimposed vehicles and will not just be able to choose from different colors, trims and wheels but will also be able to place a high-resolution image of the vehicle inside their garage or driveway. BMW says that the app will be available at dealerships globally. Google says acquires Limes Audio  
2017-03-25
Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Sentiments May be Impacted More Than Finances   Odeon Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) has suffered greatly over the last few weeks as it received boycott from several UK advertisers. Moreover, the boycott was spread out to the other main US brands including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT), PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP), and DISH Network Corp. (DISH), who suspended ads that were not categorized as targeted search. On the other hand, Wal-Mart, Starbucks Corporation (SBUX), and General Motors Company (GM) pulled out their ads from YouTube. Consequently, GOOGL shares traded in red and dropped 0.54% during the active trading session.

Reports further suggested that the issue involved ads that were displayed alongside racist content. According to Odeon Technology analyst Jahanara Nissar, the investors believe that advertisers boycott from showing their ads on YouTube is likely to result in negative sentiments more than affecting the $563.01 billion business financially. If this happens, Alphabet shares, which have gained 5.39% since the beginning of the year, are likely to go further down in the near term.

In his note, Nissar further explained that the financial impact is likely to be minimal because Google s Display Network and YouTube ads constitute only 10% of the company s total revenues. Moreover, the investors consider the ongoing issues as temporary. Additionally, he commented,  That being said GOOG has had issues outperforming with things going fine - not sure this hurts but certainly doesn't help."

Alphabet has also acquired consensus price target of $985.73, representing roughly 18% upside potential over the last close. Of the total 45 analysts covering the shares at FactSet Fundamentals, 38 recommended a Buy rating, three each suggested Overweight rating, whereas one analyst provided a Sell rating. Google has 297.12 million outstanding shares. The stock has attained a daily trading range of $829.1-844 whereas it s 52-week trading range stands at $672.66-874.42. 
2017-01-27
4 Insightful Quotes From Alphabet Inc.'s Fourth Quarter Highlighting a somewhat muted response from investors, Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stock is trading about 0.4% lower at the time of this writing on Friday after the company reported its results for the fourth quarter of 2016. While revenue jumped 22% to $26.1 billion and surpassed analysts' consensus estimate (via Thomson Reuters) for revenue of $25.2 billion, the company's earnings of $9.36 per share fell short of a projection for $9.64.

As investors digest the information from Alphabet's latest report, here's a look at some of the most insightful comments from the company's fourth-quarter earnings call. In these quotes, management discusses the success of the new Google-branded hardware, further opportunity in advertising, and what it considers the three biggest bets for the company beyond its core ad business.

Alphabet's core search business hasn't peaked -- far from it

After pointing to the company's impressive 20% consolidated revenue growth in 2016, which management emphasized is actually 24% when excluding the impact of currency headwinds, Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat emphasized (via a Reuters transcript) the opportunity ahead:

This performance is a testament to the ongoing innovation that is driving our success in mobile search, YouTube, and programmatic advertising, each of which we believe has only begun to scratch the surface. We remain excited about the sizable opportunities that have not yet been tapped.

These could become major revenue drivers

With about 86% of Alphabet's total revenue coming from advertising, it's always nice to get an update on whether the company is seeing success on diversifying its revenue sources. To this end, Alphabet made excellent progress in its fourth quarter. Here's what Porat had to say:

Alongside these [advertising] businesses, we are focused on growing additional revenue streams within Google over the medium- and long-term. In 2016, our other revenue line grew 41% on a full year basis reflecting the growth in our Play, hardware and cloud businesses. We see tremendous potential ahead for these businesses, as well as in the continued development of non-advertising revenue streams for YouTube. We're investing in our cloud and hardware businesses, as well as our newer non-ad revenue sources for YouTube, in order to accelerate their progress as major revenue drivers for Google in the next several years.

Alphabet's other revenue growth in the Google segment (not to be confused with Alphabet's "other bets") was even more impressive in the company's fourth quarter specifically. Fourth-quarter other revenue soared 62% year over year, to $3.4 billion, accounting for 13% of total revenue, up from 10% of revenue in the year-ago quarter. Management cited hardware, the Google Play app store, and its cloud business as key drivers for the segment.

Google-branded hardware looks promising

Drilling down more narrowly on the company's nascent hardware business, which received some extra attention from the company in the fourth quarter when Google launched its voice-activated smart speaker (Google Home) and a new smartphone (Google Pixel), management was optimistic about how new hardware is performing in the marketplace. Google CEO Sundar Pichai explained:

We introduced a new family of beautiful hardware devices in October that are made by Google, led by Google Home and our Pixel phone which feature the Google Assistant built in. We're thrilled with the reception, as well as the really happy customers we saw over the holiday season. In particular, Google Home was a very popular present that many people opened on Christmas morning. We have committed to this for the long-term, as a great way to bring a beautiful seamless Google experience to people. The early signs are promising, and you can expect us to see us expand our offerings thoughtfully.

Alphabet's three big bets

Pichai said that beyond its core advertising business, the company distinctly views "YouTube, cloud and hardware" as "three of our biggest bets." So investors should keep an eye on these areas as Alphabet continues to grow its business.

Management's extreme confidence in incremental opportunity in Alphabet's core search business, along with significant and promising growth in YouTube, cloud, and hardware, continues to make a great case for owning this stock. Not only is the company strengthening the competitive position of its core business, but it's also diversifying its revenue while simultaneously opening the doors to meaningful opportunities beyond advertising. Alphabet Inc Stock Price Targets Boosted As Analysts Defend Earnings Analysts from multiple firms raised their price targets for Alphabet stock following last night s earnings report, causing the stock to rally after investors pushed shares lower right after the print. It seems they re trying to do damage control after widespread headlines that the company had missed estimates for the bottom line. A change in the company s accounting procedures apparently is causing some confusion.

Alphabet stock to $1,000: Morgan Stanley

Morgan Stanley analyst Brian Nowak raised his target for Alphabet stock to a nice round $1,000 per share. The Google parent company reported adjusted earnings of $9.36 per share, compared to the consensus of $9.64 per share. However, after making further adjustments, Nowak says that the company would have reported $10.05 per share, excluding equipment charges, a one-time tax headwind, and other one-time charges.

He notes that the amounts of some of these one-time charges are unclear and that it s not uncommon for Alphabet to income such charges below the line. However, he said based on fundamentals, the result was still better than expected.

Another key bullish point was that Websites revenue increased 23%, which was more than expected, and adjusted EBIT beat Nowak s estimate by 9%, excluding some of the other charges he added in. He also spoke to the suggestion that the company s core margin pressure was worsening, but he doesn t think this is necessarily the case, even with the introduction of the Pixel phones. Again, this goes back to the one-time charges he includes that Alphabet didn t.

Deutsche Bank analysts peg Alphabet s adjusted earnings higher than Nowak, at $10.30 per share after making their own adjustments and factoring in the 4.2% higher tax rate.

Alphabet stock target to $1,050: Stifel

Deutsche Bank analysts peg Alphabet s adjusted earnings higher than Nowak, at $10.30 per share after making their own adjustments and factoring in the 4.2% higher tax rate.

Stifel analyst Scott Devitt boosted his price target for Alphabet stock from $950 to $1,050 per share after last night s print. He continued the Wall Street narrative that the company actually beat consensus for non-GAAP earnings based on one-time adjustments. He merely described it as  comfortably above the Street if Alphabet has excluded the previously mentioned $320mm in one-time costs. 

Among the other analysts who boosted their price targets for Alphabet stock is Macquarie s Ben Schachter, who moved his target from $975 to $995 and pronounced the fourth quarter report  mostly fine, more of the same.  Also Baird analyst Colin Sebastian raised his target for Alphabet stock from $930 to $960. He s also of the view that the company s non-GAAP earnings were better than what the headlines suggest and noted  surprisingly strong  revenues from the  Other  segment, which points to momentum in the Cloud, contributions from Play, and early success from the Pixel line, Home hardware products and other inclusions.

Alphabet s earnings a negative sign for Facebook?

Bank of America Merrill Lynch analysts also agree with the view that Alphabet s adjusted earnings should be considered a beat despite the headlines. They note that the company didn t state what the $320 charge was for and that it said it will no longer exclude stock-based compensation from its non-GAAP earnings, which is a key change.

On a side note, they re concerned that Alphabet s earnings could be a bearish signal for Facebook which suggests that expectations could be too high. The reason is because Google Websites revenue didn t match their  more bullish channel checks. 

Shares of Alphabet stock bounced around during regular trading hours on Friday, plunging before bouncing around midday to trade at around $851. Alphabet, Google's Parent Company, Posts Disappointing Profit Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) on Thursday reported fourth-quarter earnings of $5.33 billion.

On a per-share basis, the Mountain View, California-based company said it had profit of $7.56. Earnings, adjusted for stock option expense, were $9.36 per share.

The results missed Wall Street expectations. The average estimate of 16 analysts surveyed by Zacks Investment Research was for earnings of $9.63 per share.

The internet search leader posted revenue of $26.06 billion in the period. After subtracting Alphabet's advertising commissions, revenue was $21.22 billion, which topped Street forecasts. Thirteen analysts surveyed by Zacks expected $20.58 billion.

Alphabet shares have increased 8 percent since the beginning of the year, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index has increased almost 3 percent. In the final minutes of trading on Thursday, shares hit $856.98, a rise of 17 percent in the last 12 months.

--Associated Press Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Introduces Japanese Translator Thanks To ... Japanese is one of the hardest languages for Westerners to learn. Many claim that it is one of the hardest languages to learn period, and true to the word, even Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google has not been able to crack it. However, the tech giant has seen some progress in cracking the tough language. It has made Japanese one of the languages that can be used in Word Lens.

The feature, which will be available in the Google Translate app will allow people to interact with an instant translator from their phones. It is particularly useful for travelers hence it will come in handy for the 20 million tourists who visit Japan annually. Apparently, it will not ask for Internet or data connectivity.

On its blog post, Google wrote,  With Word Lens now available in Japanese, you ll never have to worry about taking a wrong turn on a busy Shibuya street or ordering something you wouldn t normally eat. 

The Word Lens allows instant translation via the camera

All translations are performed on the mobile device and through the camera, which is able to recognize text overlaid in its live view say by another selected by the user. Initially, the app was only able to translate Japanese to English but on first taking a photograph and highlighting text areas that require translation. Thus this must be a significant milestone for Google, which is being fulfilled two years after the introduction of the feature. Notably, within the two years, it has added no less than 27 languages including Lithuanian, Finnish, and Thai.

But the feature is meant for brief phrases and words

Word Lens, which was originally its own standalone app before being acquired by Google through its developer Quest Visual will not work well with long sentences or phrases. A long passage of text translation will not have accuracy. Hence the use of brief phrases and words is highly recommended. It has so far been promoted in an ad for the iPhone 5.

Meanwhile, Alphabets stock closed at $856.98 or 1.47 or 0.17%.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. How To Fight Killer Robots Welcome to the Terminator issue of M&A Daily

Google

Google (GOOG/GOOGL), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), IBM (NYSE:IBM), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and now Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) are teaming up against any potential Skynet. Their Partnership on Artificial Intelligence confronts the issues in the field of AI and machine learning.

Is this kind of thing a real threat? Tesla's (NASDAQ:TSLA) Elon Musk and Stephen Hawking have both warned that it has the potential to end our species, so it is worth paying attention to. Humans could soon create machines that can surpass humans at learning. Hawkins cautioned that,

It would take off on its own, and re-design itself at an ever increasing rate. Humans, who are limited by slow biological evolution, couldn't compete, and would be superseded.

For a rebuttal, I asked Apple's Siri if AI is a threat. In a somewhat menacing monotone, she said only that it is an,

Interesting question 

Lattice

The definitive proxy was filed for the Canyon Bridge acquisition of Lattice (NASDAQ:LSCC). Lattice shareholders vote February 28. The $1.10 arb spread offers a 59% IRR if the deal closes by May.

Level 3

A revised proxy statement was filed for the CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL) acquisition of Level 3 (NASDAQ:LVLT).

Endurance

Endurance (NYSE:ENH) shareholders approved their acquisition by Sompo (OTCPK:SMPNY).

Brocade

Brocade (NASDAQ:BRCD) shareholders approved their acquisition by Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO).

LifeLock

LifeLock (NYSE:LOCK) shareholders approved the acquisition by Symantec (NASDAQ:SYMC).

Stillwater

Today is the HSR, CFIUS and preliminary proxy filing deadline in for the Sibanye (NYSE:SBGL) acquisition of Stillwater (NYSE:SWC). The $0.91 arb spread offers a 16% IRR if the deal closes by June.

WGL

The definitive merger agreement was filed for the AltaGas (OTCPK:ATGFF) acquisition of WGL (NYSE:WGL).

Moneygram

The definitive merger agreement was filed for the Ant Financial acquisition of Moneygram (NYSE:MGI).

FairPoint

The preliminary S-4 was filed for the Consolidated Communications (NASDAQ:CNSL) acquisition of FairPoint (NASDAQ:FRP).

Cascade

The preliminary S-4 was filed for the First Interstate (NASDAQ:FIBK) acquisition of Cascade (NASDAQ:CACB).

Rite Aid

Today is the walk date for the Walgreens (NASDAQ:WBA) acquisition of Rite Aid (NYSE:RAD). More to come in future editions of M&A Daily 

Elsewhere on Seeking Alpha

Beyond Seeking Alpha

Sifting the World

Please join us, especially if you like:

Merger arbitrage plays

Long ideas with a looming event that will unlock the underlying value in the stock

Mutual holding conversions, odd lots, and quirky credit card and other opportunities that could pay off your subscription in and of themselves

A vibrant and real-time chat room with some of the best investors I know

Discovering structural mispricings in the market to take advantage of

You can also check what members say about the service.

Disclosure: I am/we are long LSCC, RAD, SWC.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Chris DeMuth Jr and Andrew Walker are portfolio managers at Rangeley Capital. We invest with a margin of safety by buying securities at discounts to their intrinsic value and unlocking that value through corporate events. To maximize returns for our investors, we reserve the right to make investment decisions regarding any security without notification except where notification is required by law. This post may contain affiliate links, consistent with the disclosure in such links. We manage diversified portfolios with a multi-year time horizon. Positions disclosed in articles may vary in sizing, hedges, and place within the capital structure. Disclosed ideas are related to a specific price, value, and time. If any of these attributes change, then the position might change (and probably will).

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. Microsoft, Intel, Alphabet Results Buoyed by Cloud Boom Alphabet Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Intel Corp., which all posted quarterly results Thursday, reinforced what s become a truism in technology: the biggest growth is in businesses that deliver computing over the internet.

Microsoft topped projections on the strength of rising customer sign-ups for its cloud offerings like Azure, which saw revenue almost double. Intel sales rose more than expected, helped by orders for processors that power data-center servers -- the machines at the heart of cloud computing.

While profit at Google parent Alphabet disappointed, the numbers also signaled that heavy spending to catch cloud leaders Amazon.com Inc. and Microsoft is paying off. Google s Other Revenue line, which includes cloud computing, jumped 62 percent to $3.4 billion in the fourth quarter.

"Our cloud business is on a terrific upswing," Google Chief Executive Officer Sundar Pichai said Thursday during a conference call with analysts. "I definitely think we re going to have a great year."

What started a decade ago as an easy way for startups to run websites has turned into an increasingly popular way for companies of all sizes to access the software needed to run their operations. Many big technology companies are in a strong position to provide this because they already have huge data centers to support their own web services.

 Disruptive Forces 

More than $1 trillion in IT spending will be directly or indirectly affected by the shift to cloud during the next five years, Gartner estimated in July. "This will make cloud computing one of the most disruptive forces of IT spending since the early days of the digital age," the research firm said at the time.

Stock prices reflect this optimism. Microsoft and Alphabet shares hit a record this week. Microsoft gained 2.2 percent, Google was down about 1 percent and Intel rose 1.5 percent at 1:57 p.m. Friday in New York.

Microsoft Chief Executive Officer Satya Nadella has been working to reposition the company around such internet services. In addition to robust demand for Azure, consumers and corporations continue to purchase Office 365, a cloud-based version of the company s productivity software that includes Word and Excel. Almost 25 million consumers are now subscribed to Office 365, Microsoft said, and sales increased 47 percent in the fiscal second quarter.

"As long as cloud is growing, people are happy,  said Mark Moerdler, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., who rates Microsoft shares outperform.  If margins are growing, people are even happier."

Microsoft s Effort

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft has been spending on data centers and adding products to win new cloud customers. Chief Financial Officer Amy Hood said in July that gross margins, a measure of profitability, for the commercial cloud business would "materially improve" in the current year. That s because previous years of investment are starting to pay off as those data centers support more customers.

Microsoft has pledged to reach annualized revenue of $20 billion in its corporate cloud business by the fiscal year that ends in June 2018. That metric stood at more than $14 billion at the end of the second quarter.

Intel s fourth-quarter sales of server chips to cloud service providers jumped 30 percent from a year earlier. Offsetting that, companies and government agencies spent 7 percent less than they had in the same quarter in 2016 on equipping their in-house computer rooms, the company said.

 It s moving to the public cloud, it s moving to those areas at a faster rate than I think we expected,  Intel Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich said on a conference call.

Amazon reports earnings next week and analysts at RBC Capital Markets expect the company s AWS cloud business to generate $3.6 billion in fourth-quarter revenue, up 50 percent from a year earlier.

"Microsoft is the plumbing in the cloud," Moerdler said. "Amazon is much bigger, but still Amazon and Microsoft are pulling away from the pack.  Stocks To Watch: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ ... As the stock market is looking for some cues, there are at least five to seven stocks that are worth watching on Friday. These included Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) and Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX). Aside from these, Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) and Honeywell International Inc (NYSE:HON) are scheduled to disclose their earnings number before the bell.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) reported adjusted earnings of $9.36 a share for the fourth quarter that missed analysts  estimate of $9.64 a share. The company s top line, which grew 22.18 percent to $26.06 billion, however topped the analysts  expectations of $25.23 billion. The earnings miss could mean that the company is facing pricing pressure on advertisements placed on its platform.

Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT): The company announced adjusted earnings of 83 cents a share for the December quarter, which topped analysts  estimate by four cents. Its revenue of $24.09 billion came in below the analysts  expectations of $25.28 billion.

Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC): The chip maker reported adjusted profit per share of 79 cents for the fourth quarter on revenue of $16.37 billion, which witnessed 9.79 percent growth. Both topped the Street analysts  estimates of 75 cents a share on revenue of $15.75 billion.

Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ:SBUX): The company revealed operating earnings of 52 cents a share for the December quarter, which is in line with the Street estimates. Its top line, which advanced 6.69 percent to $5.73 billion, fell short of analysts  predictions of $5.85 billion. The company reiterated its full year adjusted EPS of $2.12   $2.14 while Street analysts are looking for an EPS of $2.14.

Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE:JNPR) reported earnings of 66 cents a share on total revenue of $1.39 billion for the fourth quarter. Street analysts estimate the company to report 63 cents a share on revenue of $1.36 billion. Its guidance for the second quarter fell short of estimates. The company guided EPS 38   44 cents a share for the first quarter while analysts expected 45 cents.

Wynn Resorts, Limited (NASDAQ:WYNN): The company reported earnings of 50 cents a share for the fourth quarter. This is short of analysts  expectations of 86 cents a share. However, revenue, which was $1.30 billion, came in above the expected level of $1.26 billion.

American Airlines Group Inc (NASDAQ:AAL) to reveal its financial results before the bell. Market sees an EPS of $0.91.

Chevron Corporation (NYSE:CVX) to announce its December quarter results. Street expects the company to report EPS of $0.66.

Colgate-Palmolive Co (NYSE:CL) is slated to reveal its financial results before the market opens. Analysts are looking for an EPS of 75 cents.

Honeywell International Inc (NYSE:HON) to release its quarterly numbers. Analysts are looking for an EPS of $1.74. Shaky Quarter Blocks Solid Core Profit Growth for Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL): Bank ... Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) reported net revenue of $21.2bn (up 23% y/y), better than Bank of America Merrill Lynch's $20.7bn and the Street at $20.6bn. Website revenue tracked largely in-line with BAML's model (+22% y/y exFX), with upside coming primarily from Network (programmatic) and Other (cloud, hardware, Google Play). Non-GAAP EPS of $9.36 was below BAML's $9.77 and the Street at $9.63, but was due to a ~$0.36 impact from 1x equipment charges and $0.44 est. from higher taxes. Overall, in-line Website revs., higher COGS & taxes, lack of disclosure, and lack of buybacks are muddying a solid quarter for core margins and profit growth.

Website ex-FX y/y revenue growth decelerated 310bps vs 3Q to 22%, in-line with BAML's estimate and still strong, but disappointing given positive recent channel checks. That said, 2H16 deceleration of 5.5% is not bad vs the 6.3% acceleration in 2H15, and on a 2year combined growth basis, 4Q growth was down

BAML raised its 2017E net revenue/EPS to $88.53bn/$41.80 from $86.01bn/$41.22 and 2018 to $103.41bn/$48.21 from $99.72bn/$46.99. The firm's upward revisions are primarily driven by higher growth assumptions for Cloud, Hardware, and Play, partially offset by lower margins. Excluding Other Bets losses, BAML's 2017E core Google EPS goes to $45.38 (previously $45.21) and 2018 to $52.67 (previously $51.05). BAML raised its 2017 GAAP EPS to $32.59 from $32.19 and 2018 to $37.26 from $36.68.

While the lack of Website upside was disappointing, overall growth trends remain solid and core margin contraction was better than feared. BAML is encouraged with the strong showing for emerging drivers in Cloud and Hardware and is optimistic on continued YouTube strength. BAML reiterated its Buy and PO of $1,025 based on 17x core Google non-GAAP EPS (ex-Other Bets) plus cash, or 21x core Google GAAP EPS plus cash.



The companies mentioned in this article are subjects of research reports issued recently by investment firms. Their opinions in no way represent those of SmartStockNews.com Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): LG G6 to Be First Non-Pixel Phone with Google Assistant The rumors regarding LG's upcoming flagship have been circulating, and it looks like it isn't focusing much on secrecy with this new device. First, we got a look at how the device would look like, thanks to some leaks. Now, more of details have surfaced about the feature set it will offer. Today, CNET reported that the LG G6 would come with Google Assistant built-in.

This notion would make the G6 the first phone, apart from the Pixel phones to offer the digital assistant. Users will get access to the chatbot, along with the complete voice command functionality. It seems that this year the focus on personal assistants will be great. These assistants are now considered a big selling point for the devices. Even Samsung is rumored to enter this competition with Bixby - its virtual assistant. The company recently acquired the AI startup Viv Labs to ensure a stellar product.

According to CNET, LG was first opting to use Amazon Alexa with the LG G6; however, it decided against it since it felt that the assistant wasn't up to the task. Along with these new features, we already know a few details about the upcoming device. It is reported that the phone would feature a 5.7-inch display with an 18:9 aspect ratio, sports premium metal construction and will be waterproof. The modularity - a hit-and-miss on the G5 - has been dropped in this model. We'll know all the details about the handset when it launches on February 26. 
2017-02-27
3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Tesla Inc (TSLA), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) and ... The U.S. stock market enters Monday s trading with major indices at all-time highs, and naturally, many individual stocks in the same position. However, experts are increasingly warning about overvalued issues and market bubbles   a theme that likely won t fade this week.

A number of tech stocks have stolen the spotlight heading into Monday s trade. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) and BlackBerry Ltd (NASDAQ: BBRY ) made waves over the weekend, while Tesla Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA ) was getting batted around after a Monday morning headline.

Here s what you need to know going into today s trade:

Tesla Inc (TSLA)

TSLA stock is down Monday after the company s shares were knocked down a peg by the analyst community.

Goldman Sachs downgraded Tesla shares on Monday morning, dragging the company down from  Neutral  to  Sell. 

Analyst David Tamberrino says:

 While we believe Tesla currently has a lead relative to OEM peers with respect to vehicle technology adoption, electric vehicle architecture, and (potentially) battery scale, our concerns are more near-term oriented with respect to operational execution on the Model 3 launch, an unproven solar business, and cash needs. Ultimately we see a delayed launch (pushing volume growth out and to the right) and FCF burn rate (necessitating a capital raise before 4Q17) to weigh on TSLA s shares. 

Tamberrino also worries that the SolarCity acquisition  increased the risk profile of Tesla amidst a business model transition,  and lowered the price target slightly from $190 to $185.

Tesla is coming off a fourth-quarter earnings report during which it was announced that CFO Jason Wheeler would be exiting in April   a surprising move that has drawn a little scrutiny from the investment community.

TSLA shares are off more than 2% this morning.

Alphabet Inc (GOOGL)

Alphabet announced that one of its artificial intelligence products will be available in more of the company s products moving forward.

Google Assistant will now be available in the company s tablets, smartphones, computers and smartwatches for anyone using Android 6.0 Marshmallow or higher. It can even be used on smart TV systems such as Nvidia Shield TV and AI car systems.

Google Assistant is Alphabet s virtual assistant app that competes with the likes of Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL ) Siri and Amazon.com, Inc. s (NASDAQ: AMZN ) Alexa. You can use GA for a number of purposes, from general search to checking the weather to playing music.

Next Page Uber Internationals facing lawsuit from Alphabet Inc for pinching business secret According to latest reports, Uber International is facing legal action for stealing business secrets and technology from internet giant Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG).

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) setup Waymo, is set to take legal action against Otto, Uber s self-driving vehicle segment, it purchased last year for $700 million.

Reports said, the lawsuit claims that Ex- Waymo manager Anthony Levandowski stole information when he left to co-found a project that became Otto.

In the meantime, Uber said it will look into the matter carefully.

As per lawsuit, Mr Levandowski  downloading 14,000 highly confidential and proprietary design files  during his time as a Google employee.

 We believe these actions were part of a concerted plan to steal Waymo s trade secrets and intellectual property,  Waymo said.

MOUNTAIN VIEW, CA-based, Alphabet formed Waymo earlier this year as a way of bringing self-driving technology, which Google has been working on for years   to market.

Waymo said it was not an easy move to take the legal action.

 Our parent company Alphabet has long worked with Uber in many areas, and we didn t make this decision lightly,  Waymo said in a blog.

 However, given the overwhelming facts that our technology has been stolen, we have no choice but to defend our investment and development of this unique technology. 

The main technology in doubt is LiDAR, which is a laser-based radar system that helps the self-driving cars  see  what is around them.

According to court documents, Waymo claims one of its workers was recently copied in to an email planned for Otto s staff. Attached to the email were said to be machine drawings of Otto s LiDAR circuit board.

 Its design bore a striking resemblance to Waymo s unique LiDAR design,  Waymo said.

 We found that six weeks before his resignation this former employee, Anthony Levandowski, downloaded over 14,000 highly confidential and proprietary design files for Waymo s various hardware systems, including designs of Waymo s LiDAR and circuit board.

 To gain access to Waymo s design server, Mr Levandowski searched for and installed specialized software onto his company-issued laptop. Once inside, he downloaded 9.7 GB of Waymo s highly confidential files and trade secrets, including blueprints, design files and testing documentation.

 Then he connected an external drive to the laptop. Mr Levandowski then wiped and reformatted the laptop in an attempt to erase forensic fingerprints.  Stocks To Watch: Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Under ... Stocks To Watch: Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Under Armour Inc (NYSE:UAA), Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), Kate Spade & Co (NYSE:KATE) And Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.A)

There are couple of things that happened on Monday morning or during the weekend including Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.A) s chairman and CEO, Warren Buffett, comments on American stock markets. Though there are number of stocks, the stocks that are worth watch included Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Under Armour Inc (NYSE:UAA), Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), Kate Spade & Co (NYSE:KATE) And Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.A). Google Assistant expanding across Android smartphones  Google (GOOGL) Sharpening its teeth for Fight Against Amazon and Microsoft Written by Ophir Gottlieb

PREFACE

The cloud revolution is coming, and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is openly going after the two leaders: Amazon Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT).

STORY

While the cloud has become more like a colloquialism than a name for a technology, the tailwinds to this technological shift are simply unstoppable at this point. There is too much data and too many connected devices even today, not to speak of the absurdity that is to come, to not have a machine learning driven technology to balance the needs of every website, every app, all the data in complete harmony. Enter the cloud.

The worldwide public cloud market is forecast to rise from $154 billion this year to nearly half a trillion dollars by 2026. Right now, there are two distinct leaders. Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) is the undisputed leader and right behind the e-commerce giant is Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT). Here is a market share chart:

(Source: SkyHighNetworks.com)

While the mainstream media will talk about the battle between Amazon.com and Microsoft Corporation, the third place company is none other than Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and while trailing, let us never forget that it is the second largest company in the world, it relies heavily on its search advertising business, and it is getting aggressive about diversifying that revenue stream and that could be a serious risk to Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN).

ALPHABET INC

While digital advertising is the kingpin in Google's empire, the segment is finally showing slowing growth as echoed by both Alphabet Inc and Facebook. Even further, Google's search revenue is seeing increased competition from mobile search.

Add to that the very clear intentions of Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) with its voice activated Siri, and we have the makings of trouble. But, of course, Alphabet Inc is ahead of the curve, not behind it.

Quietly Google has submitted some of the most impressive, if not bizarre, patent filings with respect to data hosting and the cloud. Here is one rendering:

Google may be taking the technology behind cloud computing to the absolute ends of human knowledge. Another under reported story revealed that Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) moved half a billion dollars of business away from Amazon.com's cloud (AWS) to Google last year in what we assume is the beginning of a competitive stance that Apple will take by entering the cloud business itself.

Now that Alphabet has broken out a segment of the company that is dedicated to the growing needs of the cloud called "The Google Cloud," the company's intentions are rather clear.

ANALYTICS AND MACHINE LEARNING

In 2015, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) brought in the co-founder of VMware, Diane Greene, to head its cloud segment. She recently spoke at a Goldman Sachs conference and said this:

The enterprise has to lean into data and that's what Google was built for. With machine learning and data analytics, we're in the sweet spot of where enterprise customers are going.

While Wall Street has bemoaned Alphabet Inc's late entry and their apparent lack of a competitive advantage to AMZN and MSFT, when taken as a holistic entity, we could argue that there is no company better suited to deliver unparalleled analytics and there is certainly an argument that no company has done as much as quickly as Alphabet Inc has done with machine learning and artificial intelligence, save for chip marvel Nvidia.

With Amazon pulling about 60% of its operating income from its cloud business, even though it makes up less than 10% of revenue, the cloud war is going to be a critical one.

A BETTER BET

As the tech titans war over the cloud business, and that includes what feels like an inevitable entry by Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL), there's another way to play this thematic revolution in technology. Behind every cloud, every connected computer, is a routing and switching system. It sounds boring, but this is the business that Cisco has turned into a $150 billion market cap.

But there's a new player -- a young, sparkling technology company that just crossed $1 billion in revenue, and this company is the pick-axe to the cloud computing gold rush. In all the haste to pick a cloud winner, don't forget the company that aims to power every cloud, irrespective of the tech giant that owns it.

The author is long shares of Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) and has no position in Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Amazon.com Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) or Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT).

WHY THIS MATTERS

If the kind of research we touched on with the cloud grabs your attention, then what we offer may be up your alley: Our research sits side-by-side with Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Barclays, JP Morgan, and the rest on professional terminals as a part of the famed Thomson First Call group. We do this research several times a week and we also have a list of spotlight companies. We aim to find the companies that will be the "next Apple," or the "next Google" by diving deep into the trends that will shape the future and finding the lesser known companies that will power them.

Each company in our 'Top Picks' portfolio is the winner in an exploding thematic shift like self-driving cars, mobile data and connectivity, health care tech, artificial intelligence, Internet of Things, drones, biotech and more. For a limited time we are offering CML Pro for $19/mo. with a lifetime guaranteed rate and you cancel at anytime with no notice. Get the most advanced premium research along with access to visual tools and data that until now has only been made available to the top 1%. Facebook Inc (FB), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), and Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Share the ... With most companies having already reported their December quarter results, Cantor Fitzgerald looks at the performance of the group relative to prior periods and finds it generally in line, with the majority (73% in this case) beating consensus top line estimates. 2017 guidance looks promising, suggesting that growth expectations for the group remain healthy. Notable news last week include FB opening mid-roll ads to more Live broadcasters; Google announcing MRC audits of third party viewability integrations, and Amazon lowering minimum shipping threshold on the back of WalMart's recent move. The firm's top picks are Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Amazon.com, Inc (NASDAQ:AMZN) and EXPE. Among smaller cap names, the firm favors SFLY, ACXM and YELP.

CII underperformed the market last week. The Cantor Internet Index underperformed the broader market last week, down 0.1% vs. the S&P 500 gain of +0.7%, resulting in a YTD rise of +5.5% vs. the S&P 500 +5.6%. The group is trading at 14.1x EV/NTM EBITDA, within its five-year historical range of 8-16x. Solid 4Q16 earnings results consistent with 3Q16 performance. In Cantor's post-mortem analysis of 4Q16 results, the firm notes that 73% of covered companies beat consensus revenue estimates and 77% beat consensus EBITDA estimates, virtually in line with 3Q16 performance of 67%/81%. For those companies that guide, the outlook was largely in line with/above expectations.

Facebook opens mid-roll ads to more Live broadcasters, according to MarketingLand. Facebook extended the ability for certain Pages/Profiles to insert mid-roll video ads within their Facebook Live broadcasts, and has started testing these mid-rolls, or ad breaks, within non-live videos, according to the article. The company began testing these mid-roll units since August of last year, so this potentially lucrative new video format is ramping up. Cantor Fitzgerald views this as an incremental positive for Facebook s video bid density, and therefore CPMs.

Alphabet s Google announced that the MRC would audit 3rd party viewability reporting on YouTube. YouTube has been integrated with Moat, Integral Ad Science, and DoubleVerify for third party viewability reporting since 2015, and this latest announcement means that each integration will undergo a stringent, independent audit for MRC accreditation and each adheres to MRC and IAB standards, according to Google s Agency Blog. Cantor Fitzgerald believes this is a positive step forward toward more transparency and trust in the digital advertising eco-system.

Amazon lowers minimum shipping threshold. Last week, Amazon lowered the threshold to get free shipping to $35 from $49 - back to where it used to be prior to last year's hike. Cantor Fitzgerald views this as a defensive-offensive move, largely in response to Wal-Mart, which last month started offering free 2-day shipping on online orders above $35 and scrapped its Shipping Pass program ($49/yr for unlimited free shipping). While Amazon dominates online commerce, the firm believes it's taking Wal-Mart's move seriously. It notes that last year, Wal-Mart made a bold move to bolster its ecommerce offering by acquiring Jet.com for $2B in cash and by and installing its co-founder Marc Lore (an ex-Amazon exec/co-founder of Diapers.com) as the head of its ecommerce operations.

The companies mentioned in this article are subjects of research reports issued recently by investment firms. Their opinions in no way represent those of SmartStockNews.com Google says users can pre-register for games coming to Play Store  Comcast to launch YouTube on Xfinity X1  
2017-01-04
Indian Government Taps Google To Help With Cybersecurity From StockNews.com : India s government has realized it s ill-equipped to handle the onslaught of hackers in the 21st century, and has tapped Alphabet Inc ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) child company Google to help out.

The move comes amid high-profile hacks of Yahoo, Target, and other massive American firms in recent years. From Mashable:

India s outspoken IT, Law and Justice Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad today requested Sundar Pichai to make Google more involved with India s cyber security efforts.  In a larger push, I want Google to be involved in a more meaningful way. The more digital we go, the more challenges there will be in terms of cybersecurity,  Shankar said onstage at an event where Pichai announced Digital Unlocked initiative for India s small and medium sized businesses.

 Google is as much an Indian company as American. The sheer number of people in India who have accepted you means you have an obligation for India as much as you have for the United States,  Prasad continued.

The feeling is reciprocal. Google recently unveiled plans to bring free internet access to over a billion users worldwide, with hundreds of millions of those residing in India. It s already partnered with Indian rail companies to provide access via certain train stations, with many more on the way.

Alphabet Inc shares were unchanged in premarket trading Wednesday. Over the past year, GOOGL has gained 3.86%, versus a 13.12% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.

GOOGL currently has an StockNews.com POWR Rating of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #1 of 44 stocks in the Internet category.

This article is brought to you courtesy of StockNews.com. U.S. Department of Labor sues Google for compensation data  Haier announces a new partnership with Google  
2017-02-24
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Sues Uber Over Allegedly Stolen Technology Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ: GOOG , GOOGL ) Waymo is suing Uber for using technology that it claims was stolen from it by a former employee.

Waymo, the self-driving car company that belongs to GOOGL, claims that one of Uber s employees stole technology from it and used it for the company s own self-driving car efforts. The company says this employee is Anthony Levandowski.

Anthony Levandowski is the founder of Otto. Otto is a self-driving car startup that was created in 2016. Uber bought this startup in 2016 and added Levandowski to its team. Levandowski was a previous employee of the GOOGL car company before founding Otto.

According to Waymo, Anthony Levandowski downloaded more than 14,000 confidential and proprietary design files for its hardware systems six weeks before resigning from the GOOGL company. Among those files were the company s design data for its LiDAR system.

Waymo says that it has decided to file a lawsuit against Uber after receiving an email from one of its suppliers. The supplier makes parts for the GOOGL company s LiDAR system. In the email was a picture of a circuit board for Uber s own LiDAR technology. Waymo says this circuit board looked incredibly like the one it created for its own LiDAR system.

Waymo says that after conducting some research, it has discovered that other former employees also downloaded confidential information from the company. These employees now work for Uber and Otto. The GOOGL company claims this was an organized act to steal its trade secrets and intellectual property.

Waymo also claims that Anthony Levandowski expressed his desire to  replicate  the company s technology as a rival. It claims he told employees of this plan months before his retirement. Considering the Snapchat IPO? Go With Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Instead In a few weeks, the Snapchat IPO will hit the markets, and it seems like a pretty good bet that there will be quite a bit of interest in the deal. But unless you are a mega-wealthy investor or manage a financial institution, you ll likely not get any shares in the offering. Rather, you ll have to buy SNAP in the after-market, when the valuation will probably be much higher.

Source: Shutterstock

So is it any wonder that IPOs can be a raw deal?

That may be true, but when it comes to investing in the big-growth opportunities, there really is no need to speculate in the IPO market. Hey, there are a variety of interesting stocks currently on the market that should be good enough.

Take a Look at GOOGL Stock

One to consider is actually Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL , NASDAQ: GOOG ). Granted, the company is fairly mature, having been founded in 1998.

But what s important about GOOGL stock is that the company has global brand, scale, infrastructure and massive user base to play in critical growth markets. Such factors are must-haves for getting the attention of sponsors, especially those that have massive budgets.

This is why a company like Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR ) has struggled so much. In fact, in the latest quarter, the company s revenues increased by a mere 0.9% on a year-over-year basis to $717.2 million, marking the 10th consecutive quarter of top-line deceleration. U.S. revenues fell by 4% to $440 million and of course, the company has yet to generate a profit on a GAAP basis.

All this happened even though there were major catalysts from the presidential election, NFL streaming and the holiday season.

By comparison, in the latest quarter Alphabet reported an impressive 22% jump in revenues to $26.1 billion and GAAP earnings of $5.33 billion, or $7.56 per share on GOOGL stock.

But this shouldn t be much of a surprise. The fact is that GOOGL is positioned nicely for major growth categories like video (YouTube), mobile (Android, Google Play and Waze), devices (Pixel and Google Home) and cloud computing. All these represent multi-billion-dollar market opportunities   and should all provide nice long-term drivers for GOOGL stock.

Just look at Waze, which Alphabet Inc purchased for $1.3 billion back in October 2013. Interestingly enough, this price tag may have been a bargain! Note that GOOGL plans to launch a ride-hailing service   similar to Uber s   in various cities in the U.S. that is based on the Waze platform.

By the way, back in 2013, the company also invested $258 million in Uber.

Next Page Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Renames Messenger as  Android Messages  Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG ,NASDAQ: GOOGL ) is renaming its Messenger to  Android Messages. 

Source: Samsung

The company said the move is part of an update that will include a number of changes as an effort to revamp its messaging system. Android Messages gets its name from the fact that the new title reflects the direction in which the company is moving.

Google is launching an effort that will make its messaging system similar to the operating system Android. Additionally, the system will allow full support for RCS, as well as the ability to download the Android Messages app directly from the Play Store.

This is key becomes it allows users to download the app directly instead of having to wait for the manufacturer to issue a software update. Other changes to the Alphabet app include multimedia messages, read receipts, as well as other features that have been part of traditional messaging apps such as WhatsApp.

Here are the Android manufacturers that have agreed to adopt the messaging service: LG, Motorola, Sony, HTC, ZTE, Micromax, Nokia, Archos, BQ, Cherry Mobile, Condor, Fly, General Mobile, Lanix, LeEco, Lava, Kyocera, MyPhone, QMobile, Symphony and Wiko, along with Pixel and Android One devices.

The overall messaging experience has also been enhanced by Alphabet as you can now access the  Universal Profile,  which your rich text messages will be delivered.

GOOGL stock lost 0.8% Friday, and GOOG shares slipped 0.7%.

More From InvestorPlace 
2017-03-28
Snap Inc (SNAP) Baits with Millennial Advertising Weapon, Alphabet Inc (GOOGL ... Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) have secured buys from William Blair and Nomura- but which tech player stands to fare the best in the long-term battle for ad dollars? Whereas one analyst likes Snap s potential to gear up as an advertising force among a strategic, young demographic, another analyst underscores slight cause for concern with Alphabet s suddenly shaky tight rope walk amid global brand ad backlash. Let s take a closer look:

Snap: The Platform Brands Need to Be Advertising On

Snap has divided many analysts on Wall Street since its IPO. Yet, William Blair analyst Ralph Schackart approaches the popular Snapchat app parent company with a bullish first impression, impressed with its  cool  factor among millennials, a bull s eye from an advertising standpoint, as well as its robust social, video, and mobile ad budget growth prospects. As such, the analyst initiates coverage on SNAP with an Outperform rating without listing a price target.

As far as Schackart sizes up the new public company,  Snapchat Has What Brand Advertisers Want: Young Users,  elaborating,  By now, most advertisers we speak with know that Snapchat has a strong following among teenagers and millennials, who are becoming increasingly difficult to reach with TV advertisements. [ ] Given the importance of reaching this younger demographic, many brands see Snapchat as a platform they need to be advertising on. 

Considering that  Revenue [is] Just Beginning to Ramp Up, [with] Many Growth Drivers Ahead,  the analyst projects that by 2018, Snap could be circling $2 billion in revenue, indicating  a long runway for revenue growth  gleams ahead.  In the near term, we believe the largest contributors to revenue growth will be simply increasing the number of advertising clients and ads served,  continues the analyst.

Lastly, checking in with industry participants, Schackart highlights Snap s competitive potential to steal digital ad dollars from rivals Facebook and Google for those seeking to attain a  viable third option.  With the company in solid standing to capture some of the worldwide TV ad market s massive $186 billion share, the analyst concludes confidently cheering in Snap s corner.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, four-star analyst Ralph Schackart is ranked #522 out of 4,555 analysts. Schackart has a 67% success rate and generates an average return of 12.3%. When recommending SNAP, Schackart earns 0.0% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate SNAP as a Hold. Based on 31 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 12 rate a Buy on Snap, 12 maintain a Hold, while 7 issue a Sell on the stock. The 12-month average price target stands at $23.46, marking a nearly 2% downside from where the stock is currently trading.

Alphabet s Glaring Global Ad Spend Pickle

Alphabet might have some brand image rehab on its hands from the eyes of Nomura analyst Anthony Diclemente, who after touching base with ad buyers has found some of the biggest spenders across the globe are tightening the reigns on YouTube ad spend. There is a rising apprehension from a brand advertising standpoint that brand reputation could be in jeopardy in the mix of appearing side-by-side  highly controversial content which is unsafe for brands. 

On the heels of YouTube ad campaign pullback, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on shares of GOOGL while cutting the price target from $950 to $925, which represents a 10% increase from current levels. Furthermore, the analyst chops Google revenue and OI growth projections for the year.

Diclemente opines,  While we believe YouTube is indeed capable of introducing solutions that remedy brand safety concerns, we anticipate the direct cumulative negative impact to revenue could ultimately approximate $750mn, weighted heavily to 2Q17 and 3Q17. We also believe the cost of developing a solution may weigh on margins. Of course, investor confidence in YouTube s ability to take incremental share of TV ad budgets has been reduced to some degree. 

Ultimately,  Checks with ad buyers highlight that when concerns over brand safety arise, approach is to  pull spend, ask questions later.  Unfortunately, brand safety risk aversion from company CEO s and CMO s can go to extremes in well-publicized cases such as the current YouTube situation. [ ] ad buyers are likely to demand greater direct control over ad placement, which could take time and resources to implement, in our view,  Diclemente surmises.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Anthony Diclemente is ranked #193 out of 4,555 analysts. Diclemente has a 71% success rate and realizes 11.6% in his annual returns. When recommending GOOGL, Diclemente yields 18.6% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Out of 30 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 27 are bullish on Alphabet stock, 2 remain sidelined, and 1 is bearish on the stock. With a return potential of nearly 19%, the consensus target price stands at $996.85. 3 Big Stock Charts for Tuesday: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) and ... Stocks look to start their climb higher this morning, though just slightly. All three of the major indices touched-up on their respective 50-day moving averages during trading yesterday to find some support. This is the first time that technicals have had to step in as support since December.

The next two days will determine success or failure, so traders will spend their days trading both sides of the market for the rest of the week to see how this first test of 2017 plays out.

Today s three big stock charts looks at the price musings of United Parcel Service, Inc. (NYSE: UPS ), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) and Amgen, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMGN ) as three stocks that are facing similarly critical tests of their technical standings.

United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS)

The logistics/delivery company has been locked in a trading range since its disappointing earnings report dropped the shares by more than 10%. Now, after several tests of what has turned into critical chart support, UPS shares are testing $104 for support again.

The level ($104) can be tracked back to April and May of 2016 as a significant support level, which is why the traders are keying some buying off it now.

The touch of $104 comes while UPS shares are touching down on oversold readings from the stock s RSI. This indicates that the flow of selling pressure is likely to ebb and fewer buyers will be needed to change the momentum for the short-term.

A break below $104 will target another 4% to 5% decline in the shares as $100 is the next clear line of support. According to our model, the stock remains in the short- and intermediate-term bearish category given the technical breakdowns and the declining 50-day moving average.

Alphabet Inc (GOOGL)

Alphabet shares have snapped lower over the last week and now reside in a technical  rock and hard place  situation.

GOOGL stock sold out of an overbought situation as it hit $875 right through its first level of support drawn by its 50-day moving average at $843. Friday and Monday s additional selling pressure dropped Alphabet stock to test its 100-day moving average at $825. This is the second time that GOOGL shares have fallen against this trendline for support in as many months.

Traders need to keep an eye on the trend of the 50-day moving average on Alphabet stock as it appears to be transitioning from a bullish ascending pattern to a neutral and potentially bearish declining trend. This will have a negative implication on the price target for GOOGL shares over the short-term outlook.

For now, maintain an eye on $820, which represents the stock s 100-day moving average. A break below this will see Alphabet move into that short-term bearish pattern with an initial price target of $800.

Next Page Will Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Continue To Underperform Its Industry? Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) delivered 15% ROE over the past year, compared to 23.58% generated by its industry. While an inferior ROE points towards a relatively inefficient performance, knowing the nuts and bolts of ROE calculation may change that perspective. View our latest analysis for Alphabet

Breaking down Return on Equity

ROE ratio basically calculates the net income as a percentage of total capital committed by shareholders, namely shareholders  equity.While an ROE ratio of more than 15% would draw any investor s attention, historically, established companies in the developed countries have delivered an ROE between 10% and 12%.

Return on Equity = Net Profit   Shareholders Equity

No matter how high or low return a company generates on equity, it should be more than the cost of equity for value creation. For GOOGL, the cost of equity estimate comes at 10.82% based on the Capital Asset Pricing Model using the current risk free rate and a levered beta to account for financial leverage. That compares to Alphabet s 15% ROE.





When we break down ROE using a very popular method called Dupont Formula, it unfolds into three key ratios which are responsible for a company s profitability: net profit margin, asset turnover, and financial leverage. While higher margin and asset turnover indicate improved efficiency, investors should be cautious about the impact of increased leverage.

Dupont Formula ROE = annual net profit   shareholders  equity ROE = (annual net profit   sales)   (sales   assets)   (assets   shareholders  equity) ROE = profit margin   asset turnover   financial leverage

A reflection of how net profit margin has affected ROE in the past can be seen in the trend of income and revenue. An investor can gauge a fair estimate of how it s going to play out in the future by looking at the analysts  forecasts in the years ahead.While the change in a company s asset turnover ratio is important in assessing the quality of ROE, an equally important aspect is its comparison to the industry average. Alphabet generated an ROA of 9.4% versus the industry s 9.19%. For an industry, ROA, which is earnings as a percentage of assets, is a sound representation of asset turnover.

The last but not the least is the financial leverage. It s an important ratio as a company can hide its poor operating and asset-use efficiency by increasing leverage. Thus, along with ROE, we should look at the Return on capital, which reflects earnings as a percentage of overall capital employed, including debt. For GOOGL, ROC stood at 16% versus the industry s 6.78%.

ROE   It s not just another ratio

ROE is called the mother of all ratios for a reason. It helps gauge a company s efficiency both through the income statement and the balance sheet, along with telling you how just changing the capital structure of the company can impact perceived return. What are the analysts thinking about Alphabet s ROE in three years? I recommend you see our latest FREE analysis report to find out!

If you are not interested in GOOGL anymore, you can use our free platform to see my list of stocks with Return on Equity over 20%. Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Waymo Takes Its Self-driving Minivans For Testing ... Bad weather has been mentioned at large as one of the biggest barricades to getting autonomous cars on the road. It is obvious that rain and snow will cause obstruction to roadway markings and roadside signs, which are in frequent use for navigation purposes. However, Waymo, Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google s a self-driving car subsidiary company intends to find a way of overcoming these barriers.

It is yet to hold a public launch of its self-driving technology; not until it is sure of being able to tackle the challenging road conditions its autonomous vehicle are likely to face. Not only does the deep cold and blanketing snow affect traction and vehicle handling but it also damages the sensors and optics.

The testing of Chrysler Pacifica Hybrid minivans

The testing of Waymo s Pacifica vans on public roads began in January in both California and Arizona. The minivans were taken to a mild environment of Silicon Valley before being exposed to more harsh conditions. However, a recent tweet image by Waymo s CEO John Krafcik shows a picture of the self-driving minivans in the snow in South Lake Tahoe, Calif.

Driving in rain and snow requires windshield wipers. Apparently, Waymo seems to have one in place that is expected to meet the demands of bad weather. In a blog post, the company stated,  We ve had to come up with our own equivalent of a windscreen wiper on the (sensor-containing) dome to ensure our sensors have the best view possible. 

Waymo expects to extend its testing of its self-driving minivans to other areas

Waymo is currently confining the testing of its self-driving minivans at South Lake Tahoe in California. Apart from the fact that the location provides snowy environs, it is also within the domain of its license to test autonomous systems.

However, there is room for flexibility. Thus it is also targeting other areas that have severe weather conditions the likes of Michigan and Kirkland. The exploration is expected to enhance the focus on the improvement of the minivans. In the meantime, Alphabet s stock closed at $838.51 witnessing an increase of $3.37 or 0.40%.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Alphabet Inc Implied Price Swing Hits A ... 

Risk Malaise Alert in Option Market: Alphabet Inc Implied Price Swing Hits A Collapsing Low





Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Risk Hits A Collapsing Low

2017-03-28

Risk Malaise Alert -- Not How You Might Think





Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever: Option Trading and Truth



Option trading isn't about luck -- this three minute video will change your trading life forever:

Before we dive into any analysis we simply note that Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) risk is actually priced pretty low by the option market as of right now. We'll detail it below -- but that's the lede -- the option market is reflecting a sort of risk malaise, for now, an IV30 ofverus the IV30 of the S&P 500 at. The annual high for Alphabet Inc IV30 is-- and we're below that level. Thehere is low vol.One thing to note beyond the risk malaise alert, which we cover in the article, is that while implied volatility may be low, the real question that needs to be answered for option sellers is, but ratherTo skip ahead of this risk alert and see if buying or selling options has been a winner in Alphabet Inc, you can go here: Geting serious about option trading This is a proprietary risk rating and risk alert system that looks forward for the next month -- or really 30 days to be exact -- and that. The system is based on multiple interactions of data points, many of which come directly from the option market for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) . The creator of this model is Capital Market Laboratories (CMLviz.com).In the "Why This Matters" sectionon Alphabet Inc we're going to take a step back and show in great specificity that there is actuallyin successful option trading than many people know. The whole concept of an "option trading expert" is vastly over complicated and we'll talk about how superior returns are earned.But first, let's turn back to GOOGL and the company's risk rating:We also take a peek at the implied vol for the Technology ETF (XLK), our broad based proxy for GOOGL.

S&P 500 IV30 11.33% Nasdaq 100 IV30 11.39% XLK IV30 11.94% GOOGL HV 30 10.11% GOOGL Current IV30 19.8% 52 Week Low IV30 10.62% 52 Week High IV30 30.95%

GOOGL

Current IV30 GOOGL

Low IV30 GOOGL

High IV30 19.8% 10.6% 31.0%

The risk as reflected by the option market has hit a collapsing low relative to the company's past. The option market reflects a 95% confidence interval stock price range of ($802.60, $878.70) within the next 30 calendar days.While the option market risk rating is on the low side, we note that companies in this situation are still susceptible to sudden stock move risk, it's simply theof that large stock move is depressed. Buyers of options and volatility may find these prices more attractive than at other times.The IV30  is the risk reflected by the option market in the stock price for the next 30 calendar days -- it's forward looking. Alphabet Inc shows an IV30 of 19.8%, which is a collapsing low for the company relative to its past.The option market for GOOGL has shown an IV30 annual low of 10.6% and an annual high of 31.0%, meaning that GOOGL is at the 45% percentile right now. Here's a table of the data before we dig into the risk rating further.

The implied stock swing risk from the option market has created a range which is tighter in the next 30 calendar days for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) than it has been on average for the last year on average.

 

 

 

 

 

Further, if we look backwards, the stock has a realized 30-day historical volatility, called the HV30, of 10.11%.We have an unusual situation now where the IV30 is depressed relative to the past, but even with that risk pricing, the option market reflects the likelihood of a greater stock movement in the next 30-days than the stock has realized in the last 30-days. Let's turn to a chart to see what's going on.The GOOGL risk rating is at 1, where the rating goes from one (the lowest risk) to five (the highest risk). The driving factors for the 1 rating are:The IV30 is below the annual average.The IV30 is below 30%.The HV30 is below the 20th percentile.The HV30 is below 30%.The IV30 is above the HV30. 895 institutional investors are raising stakes in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) reached 23.55% versus a 1-year low price of $663.28. The stock was last seen 0.62% higher, reaching at $819.51 on Mar. 27, 2017. At recent session, the prices were hovering between $803.37 and $821.63. This company shares are 18.45% off its target price of $970.75 and the current market capitalization stands at $558.02B. The recent change has given its price a -0.4% deficit over SMA 50 and -3.98% deficit over its 52-week high. The stock witnessed -1.1% declines, 3.57% gains and 4.14% gains for the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month period, respectively. To measure price-variation, we found GOOG s volatility during a week at 1.82% and during a month it has been found around 1.02%.

Institutional investors currently hold around $199.12 billion or 73.1% in GOOG stock. Look at its top three institutional owners. Vanguard Group Inc owns $15.55 billion in Alphabet Inc., which represents roughly 2.79% of the company s market cap and approximately 7.81% of the institutional ownership. Similar statistics are true for the second largest owner, Fmr Llc, which owns 14,183,821 shares of the stock are valued at $11.55 billion. The third largest holder is State Street Corp, which currently holds $9.8 billion worth of this stock and that ownership represents nearly 1.76% of its market capitalization.

At the end of 12/31/2016 reporting period, 895 institutional holders increased their position in Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) by some 13,571,095 shares, 832 decreased positions by 11,053,824 and 254 held positions by 219,867,033. That puts total institutional holdings at 244,491,952 shares, according to SEC filings. The stock grabbed 182 new institutional investments totaling 2,458,524 shares while 71 institutional investors sold out their entire positions totaling 1,499,693 shares.

Multiple company employees have indulged in significant insider trading. Alphabet Inc. disclosed in a document filed with the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that CEO, Google Inc. Pichai Sundar has sold 4,000 shares of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) in trading session dated Mar. 15, 2017. These shares are worth $3,398,000 and were traded at $849.5 each. The SEC filing shows that Drummond David C performed a sale of 2,000 shares. The SVP, Corporate Development disposed these shares by way of transaction on Mar. 13, 2017. The company s shares were given away at $852.42 per share worth to an income of some $1,704,840 on account of Drummond David C.

VP, Alphabet Corp. Controller, Campbell James Grier, sold 231 common shares of Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) in the open market. In a transaction dated Mar. 03, 2017, the shares were put up for sale at an average price of $830.56, raking in a sum of $191,859. After this sale, 3,843 common shares of GOOG are directly owned by the insider, with total stake valued at $3,149,377.

In the transaction dated Mar. 01, 2017, the great number of shares disposed came courtesy the Director; MATHER ANN disposed a total of 22 shares at an average price of $832.95, amounting to approximately $18,325. The insider now directly owns 34 shares worth $27,863.

Several analysts have released their opinion on Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG), with 3 analysts believing it is a strong buy. Whereas 0 of them predict the stock is a hold. Also, there are 2 buy, 0 sell and 0 strong sell ratings, collectively assigning a 1.4 average brokerage recommendation. Still A Value Trap?   Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), General Dynamics Corporation (GD) Shares of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are on a recovery track as they have regained 24.66% since bottoming out at $672.66 on Jun. 27, 2016. Meanwhile, due to an ongoing pressure which caused a decline of almost -3.39% in the past five days, the stock price is now up 5.81% so far on the year   still in strong territory. In this case, shares are down -4.11% from $874.42 , the 52-week high touched on Mar. 17, 2017, and are keeping their losses at 11.31% for the past 12 months.

Brokerage houses, on average, are recommending investors to buy Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) s shares projecting a $987.88 target price. What do this target means? Price targets reflect what the analyst believes a stock will be worth four quarters into the future. Are investors supposed to sell when the stock hits the target? Price targets frequently change, depending on the outlook for a company s earnings. Sometimes it may seem like it, but analysts don t just pull their price targets out of thin air. Typically, they estimate what the company s earnings and cash flow will be for the next couple of years, and then apply a ratio   such as a price-to-earnings ratio   to those estimates to determine what the future stock price should theoretically be.

GOOGL s revenue has grown at an average annualized rate of about 19% during the past five years. However, the company s most recent quarter increase of 22.2% looks attractive.

While there are a number of profitability ratios that measure a company s ability to generate profit from the sales or services it provides, one of the most important is the net profit margin. It tells us what percentage of revenue a company keeps after all its bills are paid. While the higher this number is, the better, there is no gold standard. That s why this number shouldn t be looked at in isolation, but should be compared to a company s peer group as well as its sector. Currently, Alphabet Inc. net profit margin for the 12 months is at 21.58%. Comparatively, the peers have a net margin 16.64%, and the sector s average is 4.7%. In that light, it seems in weak position compared to its peers and sector.

General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE:GD) is another stock that is grabbing investors attention these days. Its shares have trimmed -4.39% since hitting a peak level of $194 on Mar. 17, 2017. Meanwhile, due to a recent pullback which led to a fall of almost -2.18% in the past one month, the stock price is now outperforming with 7.9% so far on the year   still in strong zone. In this case, shares are 46.83% higher from $128.99, the worst price in 52 weeks suffered on Mar. 28, 2016, and are keeping their losses at 21.72% for the past six months.

The good news is there s still room for the share price to grow. At recent closing price of $185.49, GD has a chance to add $17.57 or 9.47% in 52 weeks, based on mean target price ($203.06) placed by analysts.The analyst consensus opinion of 1.9 looks like a buy. It has a 36-month beta of 0.77 , so you might not be in for a bumpy ride.

For the past 5 years, General Dynamics Corporation s EPS growth has been nearly 7.3%. Sure, the percentage is encouraging but better times are ahead as looking out over a next 5-year period, analysts expect the company to see its earnings go up by 9.22%, annually.

Two other important profitability ratios for investors to know are both returns-based ratios that measure a company s ability to create wealth for shareholders. They are return on equity and return on assets. Return on equity measures is a company s ability to turn an investor s equity into profit. The higher the return on equity, the better job a company is at optimizing the investment made on shareholders  behalf. General Dynamics Corporation s ROE is 28.2%, while industry s is 11.9%. The average ROE for the sector stands at 8.9%.

Return on assets, on the other hand, measures a company s ability to turn assets such as cash, buildings, equipment, or inventory into more assets. GD s ROA is 9.44%, while industry s average is 1.06%. As with any return, the higher this number the better. However, it, too, needs to be taken into the context of a company s peer group as well as its sector. The average return on assets for companies in the same sector is 4.35. Google says users can now connect Google Assistant to Best Buy Insignia, LIFX, TP-Link, Wink  
2017-03-13
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Android Smartphones Found With Pre-Installed Malware Malware made the leap from PCs to smartphones along with users. It s always been known that devices running Alphabet Inc s (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) Android operating system are much more susceptible to being infected than Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) iPhones. However, the situation may be even worse than we realized.

Source: Check Point Software Technologies

A mobile security research team posted on Friday that it scanned devices owned by two large companies and found Android malware pre-installed on smartphones from 38 different manufacturers.

That discovery should concern both corporate IT departments, and consumers. And it once again validates Apple s  controlling  iPhone approach.

Android Malware Illustrates the Downside of Google s Approach

From the launch of the first iPhone in 2007, Apple retained full control of its iOS operating system and installed it only on its own hardware. Apps can only be downloaded from the App Store and these are checked and vetted by Apple engineers.

With limited hardware configurations, Apple is able to test iOS thoroughly for all iPhone users. The company is aggressive about pushing out new iOS versions (79% of all iPhones are running iOS 10), and in the event of a security issue, it s able to quickly push out system updates to address it.

With Android, GOOGL took a very different approach from Apple. It went wide open, licensing Android to dozens of different smartphone manufacturers. Users are free to tinker with the operating system and they can download apps from virtually anywhere   not just Google Play. This open approach helped Google to dominate the smartphone industry, with nine out of 10 new smartphones running Android.

But the approach makes smartphone security a nightmare.

Android updates often require manufacturer and/or carrier cooperation. As a result, only 2% of Android devices are running the latest version of Android, while the majority are running software that s at least several years out of date.

Freedom to install questionable apps plus an older version of the operating system has let Android malware run rampant. At one point it was estimated to account for 97% of all mobile malware.

Check Point s Pre-Installed Android Malware Discovery

Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ: CHKP ), an IT security company, reported in a Friday blog post that it had scanned the smartphones for two large companies (identified only as  large telecommunications company  and a  multinational technology company ) and discovered Android malware had been pre-installed on smartphones from 38 different hardware manufacturers.

Android malware identified ranged from adware to mobile ransomware capable of encrypting all data on the device until a fee is paid to unlock it. Some had been added to the smartphone ROM, meaning reinstalling Android would not remove it. And none of this malware was downloaded by users. The smartphones arrived at the two companies pre-infected, with installation happening  somewhere along the supply chain. 

Next Page Earnings Clues on Alphabet Inc. (GOOG), Agilent Technologies, Inc. (A) Analyst ... Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) gained 0.54% with the closing price of $843.25. The overall volume in the last trading session was 1.7 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 13.97 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 14.48 and sector s optimum level is 10.66.

Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) has earnings decline of -3.00% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 1.80 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $842.00 above its 52-week highs and is up 1.71% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $843.25 a share and the price is up more than 9.25% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 4.27 vs. an industry average at 5.51. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A) ended its day at $52.15 with the rising stream of 1.40% and its total traded volume was 1.7 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A)

Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 7.75, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 7.83 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 12.94. Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A), at its latest closing price of $52.15, it has a price-to-book ratio of 3.85, compared to an industry average at 3.47. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Agilent Technologies, Inc. (NYSE:A), stock is trading $52.26 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of -13.20% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 7.40%. Its share price has risen 16.25% in three months and is up 0.33% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 1.90 . Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: SBA Communications Corporation (SBAC ... SBA Communications Corporation (NASDAQ:SBAC) gained 1.04% with the closing price of $117.80. The overall volume in the last trading session was 1.36 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of SBA Communications Corporation (NASDAQ:SBAC) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 1.13 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 5.08 and sector s optimum level is 20.57.

SBA Communications Corporation (SBAC) have shown a high EPS growth of 20.50% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 144.30% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 2.10 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $118.57 above its 52-week highs and is up 2.45% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $117.80 a share and the price is up more than 14.08% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of   vs. an industry average at 1.98. Its sales stood at 18.50% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) ended its day at $861.41 with the rising stream of 0.42% and its total traded volume was 1.34 million shares less than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 13.97, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 14.48 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 10.66. Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), at its latest closing price of $861.41, it has a price-to-book ratio of 4.27, compared to an industry average at 5.51. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), stock is trading $867.00 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of 14.80% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 30.00% . Its share price has risen 8.84% in three months and is up 1.45% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 1.80 . 
2017-03-20
Google Downgraded On European Ad Concerns Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) was slapped with a rare downgrade on Monday as Pivotal Research Group's Brian Wieser lowered his rating on the stock to Hold from Buy with a price target lowered to $950 from a previous $970 due to ongoing concerns in the United Kingdom.

According to U.K.-based Daily Mail, several notable local brands, including retail giant Marks & Spencer, are no longer going to advertise on Google's YouTube platform. Companies have concerns that their brand image is being shown alongside content from extremist channels and groups, including neo-Nazi and even jihadist groups.

Global Repercussions

According to Wieser, Alphabet's Google unit faces brand safety issues in the United Kingdom, but this can have global repercussions. The analyst expanded that ad quality and brand safety represent the biggest issues facing the advertising agency. In addition, advertisers are effectively putting money in the pockets of terror and extremist groups.

Google has since apologized and pledged to fix the problem by improving controls it gives advertisers and working faster to remove hateful content. However, Wieser argued that the approach isn't enough to remedy concerns.

"The approach comes across to us as attempting to minimize the problem rather than eliminating it, which is the standard we think that many large brand advertisers expect," the analyst argued. "We think that Google will probably need to articulate goals that sound more like a zero tolerance policy, to alleviate concerns before it can fully recover."

Bottom Line

The analyst also suggested that U.K. marketers could expand their local boycott of advertising on Google's platform to other global markets which prompted the analyst to lower his full-year revenue estimate for Alphabet by one percent point. In addition, Wieser noted that Alphabet's recent run up now puts the stock well within the 15 percent band he uses to justify a Buy rating.

Related Link:

When It Comes To Discovering New Tunes, AM/FM Radio Still Trumps Streaming Services

YouTube TV Joins Growing Field, But Has Better Features

Latest Ratings for GOOG Date Firm Action From To Jan 2017 Pacific Crest Reinstates Overweight Jul 2016 JP Morgan Maintains Overweight Apr 2016 Deutsche Bank Maintains Buy View More Analyst Ratings for GOOG

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Reiteration Analyst Ratings Movers Tech Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Is Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Headed For A Correction? GOOGL stock has risen quite a bit in the last one month. Shares of the search giant could be headed for a near term correction.



Flickr

Shares of Mountain View, California-based Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are likely to head much higher by the end of the year, backed by strong fundamentals. However, in the near term, GOOGL stock may be headed for a correction. Shares of Alphabet Inc have run up quite in a bit in the last month, and the stock is up by more than 7% since the 1st of February. Based on a combination of technical indicators, the stock looks set for a near term correction. Investors who want to own the stock could use any potential corrections as buying opportunities to enter the stock, given the strong long term outlook.

GOOGL stock looks set for a near term correction - technical analysis.

Shares of Alphabet have had momentum strongly in their favor over the last few months. GOOGL stock has risen sharply from just over $750 a share in November last year, to over $872 a share, where it is trading currently. And if you go by the company's fundamentals, the rally may not be over yet. However, following a solid one month during which the stock gained by over 7%, GOOGL shares have entered overbought territory based on a combination of two popular technical indicators. The two indicators we're talking about are the Relative Strength Index (RSI) and the Bollinger Bands. For starters, let's look at the Relative Strength Index.

The RSI is a popular indicator that's used to highlight overbought and oversold situations. For those unfamiliar, the RSI basically compares the magnitude of recent gains with recent losses, over a specified time period, to measure speed and change of price movements of the underlying security. The standard time frame that's used is 14 days. However, traders can potentially use a different time frame that they like. In essence, the RSI basically quantifies recent momentum. When the RSI is above 70, it indicates an overbought condition, while a reading below 30 is indicative of an oversold condition. Again, traders do use their own thresholds to identify overbought and oversold states, but these are the most commonly used thresholds. If you look at a technical chart for GOOGL stock, the RSI entered overbought territory, rising to 71.9 on Thursday, and subsequently to 72.8 on Friday.

The other popular indicator that's signalling an overbought condition is the Bollinger Band. Bollinger Bands are plotted two standard deviations away from a simple moving average, both above and below it. The most commonly used is the 21 day Simple Moving Average (SMA). While the two standard deviations capture ~90% of the price movements, if the stock price touches the band above, the upper band, it's deemed to be overbought. If the stock price touches the lower band, it is deemed to be oversold. For now, GOOGL shares have hit the upper band, indicating that the stock is currently in overbought territory, and could correct in the near term.

Summing It Up - Buy GOOGL Stock On Dips.

Despite the possibility of a correction in the near term, GOOGL stock still looks attractive for long term investors. Even with its massive revenue base, Alphabet Inc is still managing to deliver solid growth. And if reports are to be believed, Google is also catching up with Amazon in the cloud computing market. To be clear, Google still has a long way to go before it can worry Amazon, but The Motley Fool's Evan Niu suggests that it is indeed catching up, albeit slowly. We'd discussed this in more detail ourselves in a recent article that looked at whether GOOGL stock was really worth $1000, as many analysts have suggested it does. As things stand, GOOGL stock is a good bet for 2017. We believe that shares of Alphabet Inc are headed higher, and we like the stock fundamentally, to the extent that we've added it to our list of top stock picks, which have beaten the NASDAQ by over 134%.

If you think that's impressive, and you're also looking for good stocks from the auto sector, here's our list of top auto stock picks, which have beaten the S&P 500 by over 170%. Pivotal Research downgrades Alphabet from Buy to Hold Citing control issues involving ads placed on YouTube content deemed objectionable, and reaction in the UK leading to withdrawal or consideration of withdrawal among various entities (government, brands, media companies) from advertising on the platform, analyst Brian Wieser suggests possible global consequences given a heightened focus on ad quality and brand safety across the industry. Price target from $970 to $950.

(NASDAQ:GOOGL) $866.51, -0.67% , (NASDAQ:GOOG) $847.21, -0.58% 
2017-02-08
This Top Analyst Sees Subscription Growth Ahead For Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) are sending waves through the grapevine that Disney and YouTube have allegedly come to an official licensing agreement for the overarching DIS networks family as part of an expanded YouTube streaming offering to be revealed by the end of 2017. Top analyst Colin Sebastian at Baird sees the rumored deal as a way for GOOGL to unlock a stellar video offering and accordingly offers a bullish standpoint.

Sebastian believes,  The rumored Disney agreement comes on the heels of the content deal inked with CBS late last year, and represents a more aggressive push into long-form/original video content. On the 4Q16 earnings call, the company highlighted that YouTube s ad-free subscription service, YouTube Red, now supports 27 original series in five countries. With Disney and CBS now on-board, we believe a YouTube live stream bundle could help accelerate the migration of offline ad-budgets toward digital platforms, and would drive material growth in Google s subscription business, a key positive, in our view. 

 Given the scale/technological advantages of large-internet platforms, we believe companies such as Amazon, Alphabet, and Facebook are better-positioned to capitalize on  cord-cutting  trends relative to incumbent media companies, as the treasure-trove of user data can be leveraged across devices/properties to improve the respective advertising and e-commerce ecosystems,  Sebastian concludes.

Therefore, the analyst reiterates an Outperform rating on shares of GOOGL with a $960 price target, which represents a 15% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

Colin Sebastian has a very good TipRanks score with a 73% success rate and a high ranking of #27 out of 4,381 analysts. Sebastian yields 17.2% in his annual returns. When recommending GOOGL, Sebastian garners 16.4% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit GOOGL as a Strong Buy. Out of 29 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 27 are bullish on Alphabet stock, 1 remains sidelined, and 1 is bearish on the stock. With a return potential of nearly 19%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $989.14.

More stocks covered by top performing analysts can be found here. 
2017-03-11
Is Google heading back to China?  
2017-02-21
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Is the Perfect VALUE Play I love growth stocks as much as the next guy, but Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) might just be my favorite at the moment. That s because GOOGL stock has something that a lot of other high-growth dynamos simply don t have:

Source: Shutterstock

Any value left whatsoever.

I m prudent when it comes to hyper-growth stocks such as Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) and Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX ). I ve missed out on some great runs as a result, but I also haven t gotten burned when growth flags. Instead, I prefer to focus on  growth at a reasonable price,  or GARP   and I believe GOOGL stock falls into this category.

Go With GARP

With growth stocks, I look for a price-to-earnings ratio of a stock that is no more than 2x its earnings growth rate, if earnings are growing at 15% annually or more. And I want to back out stock buyback effects. To me, a GARP stock has a PEG ratio of 1.0, though I ll allow up to 1.5 depending on the earnings growth rate.

GOOGL stock trades at 29x FY16 earnings and about 21x FY17 earnings. Analysts see five-year annualized growth at 19.2%. So on the surface, Alphabet seems to qualify as a GARP pick.

But there s even more good news.

This doesn t consider the net cash position of GOOGL stock. See, I value a company net of its net cash hoard, just as Peter Lynch used to do. With $86.4 billion on its balance sheet, that pulls the market cap for Alphabet down to about $480 billion.

On $19.5 billion in net income for FY16, we suddenly find that Alphabet stock trades at 24.6 times FY16 earnings and only about 17.5 times FY17 earnings.

That s the first step for me in even determining if GOOGL stock is a stock to get involved in.

How Is Alphabet s Business?

The next thing I examine is how healthy Alphabet Inc s actual businesses are.

I still don t like the idea that GOOGL is basically a giant digital advertising billboard with a venture capital arm. However, I can t deny that Google s search engine holds an astonishing 80.47% market share. As long as four out of every five searches are conducted on Google, advertisers will throw money at Alphabet. There would have to be a scandal of monumental proportions, or some incredibly innovative new method of searching, to change this significantly.

Alphabet s 17% year-over-year increase in advertising revenue to $22.4 billion comes as no surprise.

So next I look at the YOY metrics, which look fantastic Aggregate paid clicks up 36%, paid clicks on Google properties up 43%, and paid clicks on Network properties up 7%. A lot of people freaked out that cost-per-click fell 15%, 16% and 19% for each of the above categories, respectively. The market doesn t seem to realize that this is because more advertising is being pushed to mobile.

Next Page Stocks News Update: Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ ... Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL)

Alphabet Inc. is engaged in technology business. The Company provides web-based search, advertisements, maps, software applications, mobile operating systems, consumer content, enterprise solutions, commerce and hardware products through its subsidiaries. Alphabet Inc., formerly known as Google Inc., is headquartered in Mountain View, California.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s Financial Overview

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) surged 0.52% yesterday to close its trading session at $846.55. The company has 1 year Price Target of $990.84. Alphabet Inc. has 52-Week high of $867 and 52-Week Low of $672.66. The stock touched its 52-Week High on Jan 27, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Jun 27, 2016. The stock traded with the volume of 1.46 Million shares yesterday. The firm shows the market capitalization of $574.75 Billion.

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) reported its last quarterly earnings on Dec 16 where the firm reported its Actual EPS of $9.36/share against the analyst consensus estimate of $9.65/share. The difference between the actual and expected EPS is $-0.29 a share with a surprise factor of -3%.

The firm is trading with SMA20 of 1.48 Percent, SMA50 of 3.06 Percent and SMA200 of 8.07 percent. Alphabet Inc. has P/S value of 6.37 while its P/B value stands at 4.2. Similarly, the company has Return on Assets of 12.3 percent, Return on Equity of 14.9 percent and Return on Investment of 13.3 Percent. The company shows Gross Margin and Operating Margin of 61.1 percent and 26.3 percent respectively.

Many brokerage firms are involved in issuing their ratings on Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL). On 21-Dec-16 Aegis Capital Initiated Alphabet Inc. Stock to Buy. Another firm also rated the stock on 11-Apr-16 where Pivotal Research Group Upgrade the stock to Buy.

The Stock currently has Analyst  mean Recommendation of 1.7 where the scale is from 1 to 5, 1 means Strong Buy and 5 means Sell.

The 42 analysts offering 12-month price forecasts for Google have a median target of 1,000.00, with a high estimate of 1,100.00 and a low estimate of 700.00. The median estimate represents a +18.13% increase from the last price of 846.55.

Our vendor, Zacks Investment Research, hasn t provided us with the upcoming earnings report date.

Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR)

Nektar Therapeutics is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company developing a pipeline of drug candidates that utilize its PEGylation and polymer conjugate technology platforms, which are designed to meet unmet medical needs and improve the benefits of drugs for patients. Its product pipeline consists of drug candidates across a number of therapeutic areas, including oncology, pain. In the area of pain, Nektar has a worldwide license agreement with AstraZeneca for NKTR-118, an investigational drug candidate, being evaluated in Phase 3 clinical studies as a once-daily, oral tablet for the treatment of opioid-induced constipation. The agreement also includes NKTR-119, an earlier stage development program that is a co-formulation of NKTR-118 and an opioid. Also in the area of pain, NKTR-181, the company s wholly-owned novel mu-opioid analgesic molecule, is being evaluated in Phase 1 clinical studies. Nektar Therapeutics is headquartered in San Francisco, California.

Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR) s Financial Outlook

The 7 analysts offering 12-month price forecasts for Nektar Therapeutics have a median target of 21.00, with a high estimate of 25.00 and a low estimate of 15.00. The median estimate represents a +60.31% increase from the last price of 13.10.

Nektar Therapeutics is estimated to report earnings on 03/07/2017. The upcoming earnings date is derived from an algorithm based on a company s historical reporting dates.Our vendor, Zacks Investment Research, might revise this date in the future, once the company announces the actual earnings date. According to Zacks Investment Research, based on 6 analysts  forecasts, the consensus EPS forecast for the quarter is $-0.26. The reported EPS for the same quarter last year was $-0.4.

According to Zacks Investment Research, Nektar Therapeutics has a Consensus Recommendation of 1. (The Scale is from 1-5 where 1 means Strong Buy and 5 means Strong Sell).

The Stock gained 0.92% and closed its last trading session at $13.1. The company has the market capitalization of $2.06 Billion. The stock has 52-week high of $19.98 and 52-Week low of $10.52. The firm touched its 52-Week high on Sep 8, 2016 and 52-Week low on Feb 24, 2016. The company has volume of 1.46 Million shares. The company has a total of 157.43 Million shares outstanding.

Nektar Therapeutics (NASDAQ:NKTR) in the last quarter reported its actual EPS of $-0.32/share where the analyst estimated EPS was $-0.35/share. The difference between the actual and Estimated EPS is $0.03. This shows a surprise factor of 8.6 percent.

The company has YTD performance of 6.76 percent. Beta for Nektar Therapeutics stands at 1.79 while its ATR (average true range) is 0.54. The company has Weekly Volatility of 3.74%% and Monthly Volatility of 4.09%%.

Nektar Therapeutics has distance from 20-day Simple Moving Average (SMA20) of 2.69%, Distance from 50-Day Simple Moving Average of 2.76 percent and Distance from 200-Day Simple Moving Average of -11.54%.

The Company currently has ROA (Return on Assets) of -35.2 percent, Return on Equity (ROE) of 655.6 Percent and Return on Investment (ROI) of -17.3% with Gross margin of 80.9 percent and Operating & Profit margin of -74.2% and -98.9% respectively. 
2017-01-19
Baird Top Analyst Shares Two Cents on Twitter, Inc. (TWTR) Following Alphabet ... Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) revealed today that its app development platform known as Fabric is to be acquired by Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). Though top analyst Colin Sebastian sees this as a sensible move on the social media giant s part considering its recent transition towards core services and platforms, he remains sidelined on the bigger picture.

As such, the analyst reiterates a Neutral rating on shares of TWTR with a $17 price target, which aligns with current levels.

Sebastian notes,  Twitter is kicking off the new year with greater focus on the core application and supporting features, such as investing in ad products (including MoPub) and in the ramping of additional streaming partnerships in an effort to fuel new user growth and strengthen advertiser engagement. Given sluggish user and revenue trends, and what appears to be limited interest from potential acquirers at current enterprise value, we can understand management s increased emphasis in these areas. 

Ultimately,  Fabric s development tools, including the top-rated Crashlytics and Answers app stability kits, grew to reach nearly 2.5 billion active mobile devices in two years. Despite the early success of Fabric, we believe Twitter s decision to divest makes sense as part of a broader strategic move toward the company s core services,  Sebastian concludes.

Colin Sebastian has a very good TipRanks score with a 74% success rate and a high ranking of #18 out 4,350 analysts. Sebastian garners 17.0% in his yearly returns. When recommending TWTR, Sebastian earns 0.0% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit TWTR as a Hold. Out of 21 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 3 are bullish on Twitter stock, 13 remain sidelined, and 5 are bearish on the stock. With a loss potential of 3%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $16.57. New Android Wear From Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Launches On February 9 Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is ready to launch its two Android Wear 2.0 Smartwatches according to the famous American blogger and phone leaker, Evan Blass. The new products, Watch Sport and Watch Style will be introduced on Feb 9 alongside other anticipated updates. Rumor has it that the Smartwatches will be powered by the latest version of Android Wear, which is also slated to become available next month. Further claims indicate that Google has been working with LG, efforts that have resulted in the launch of the first ever Smartwatches.

Apparently, there has been mixed excitement about Smartwatches and a majority are of the opinion that the 2.0 might just be the savior. Notable features of the LG Smartwatches according to VentureBeat include Google Assistant integration.

More in terms of features

Each of the models has unique features the likes of a circular 1.2-inch 360 360 pixel display, 512MB of RAM and 240mAh battery for the Watch Style and 1.38-inch 480 480 screen, 768MB of RAM and a 430mAh battery for the Watch Sport.

In addition, they will both sport built-in Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, features that will facilitate navigation in a similar way to Apple s iWatch. They will be able to accommodate 4GB of storage.

Launch of Wear 2.0 delayed by redesigning of OS

The Android Wear market has been stagnant for a couple of months now. A majority of vendors have been shying away from new products due to the dominance of the older smart watches as well as a lukewarm market. However, the launch of 2.0 would not have come any earlier because on response to the developer s comments, the need to redesign its OS arose.

Nonetheless, a caption on the Wear 2.0 web page states,  Get ready for the next version of Android Wear! Support stand-alone Wear devices and apps. Create enhanced user interaction and glanceable experiences. Test your apps on Wear devices. 

Meanwhile, Alphabets stock closed at $829.02 witnessing an increase $1.56 or 0.19%.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Artificial intelligence is growing so fast, even Google's co-founder is surprised Alphabet Inc. has been one of the world's biggest spenders on artificial intelligence. The advancements have even surprised company co-founder Sergey Brin.

Speaking at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Brin said that when he was in charge of Alphabet's research group he didn't pay much attention to a team working on artificial intelligence. Now the technology, operated by a division of the company called Google Brain, touches nearly every piece of its business, including translation, photography and advertising.

"This revolution," Brin said, "has been very profound and definitely surprised me even though I was right in there and could throw paper clips at them."

Business leaders, politicians, economists and others attending the annual Davos retreat in the Swiss mountains have been debating the political and economic fallout from the globalization policies that conference attendees have long advocated. Advances in artificial intelligence and automation are ushering in changes to industries ranging from manufacturing to law, threatening to eliminate many jobs. Brin said technology's evolution is "inherently chaotic" and changes require debate about the proper ways for society to adjust.

"These are deep and powerful philosophical questions but I don't know that we're equipped to answer them," said Brin, adding that education should be more easily available.

Expressing optimism, Brin said automation may allow people to take up more intellectually demanding, creative or artistic pursuits. "Some of the more mundane tasks are alleviated through technology and people will find more and more creative and meaningful ways to spend their time," he said.

Still, he cautioned that the future is impossible to predict. "It's an incredible time and it's very hard to forecast what can these things do," he said. "We don't really know the limits."

Brin, who co-founded Google with Stanford classmate Larry Page in 1998, said it was his first trip to Davos in eight years. Observing the soul-searching among those attending about globalization's impact on people's lives, Brin joked that it reminded him of another event he's attended.

"I kind of feel like I'm at Burning Man," he said. "Almost. Except we're all wearing clothes." Google introduces the Tilt Brush Toolkit  
2017-02-04
Google warns of new rivals in digital assistants and hardware Alphabet Inc warned investors about a slew of new competitors, highlighting the company's broad expansion beyond its original Google search business.

[SAN FRANCISCO] Alphabet Inc warned investors about a slew of new competitors, highlighting the company's broad expansion beyond its original Google search business.

Alphabet named rivals including Apple, Netflix and Hulu, while highlighting risks from new businesses such as consumer hardware manufacturing, according to its latest annual report filed on Friday with the US Securities and Exchange Commission.

Here are the top new competitive disclosures, gleaned from a comparison between Alphabet's latest annual report and the filing from a year earlier:

- "Providers of digital video services, such as Facebook, Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu." sentifi.com Market voices on:

Google's YouTube has new paid subscription versions of its online video offering that compete more directly with the latter three companies.

Executives were cautiously optimistic about this on an earnings call last week. "(It) takes a while to build a subscription business here," chief financial officer Ruth Porat said.

- "Digital assistant providers, such as Apple, Amazon, Facebook, and Microsoft."

Last year, the company launched its Google Assistant, a voice-based information service that Google hopes to embed in as many devices as possible. That competes against Apple's Siri, Amazon's Alexa and Microsoft's Cortana. Facebook has a similar service in its Messenger app.

- "Providers of enterprise cloud services, including Amazon and Microsoft." This refers to Google's cloud computing business, which executive Diane Greene is finally turning into a serious service for larger corporate customers. Alphabet mentioned the cloud in previous annual reports, but the focus on enterprise is new.

- "Companies that design, manufacture, and market consumer electronics products." This likely refers to Google's new suite of gadgets, including the Pixel phone and Home speaker. The phone makes it a rival to Apple, and Android device makers like Samsung Electronics.

Speaking of hardware, Alphabet's latest annual report highlighted new manufacturing and supply-chain risks related to its in-house gadget push. "We may enter into long term contracts that commit us to significant terms and conditions of supply. We may be liable for material and product that is not consumed due to market acceptance, technological change, obsolescences, quality, product recalls, and warranty issues," the company wrote.

Alphabet also disclosed the cost of marketing these new devices to potential buyers.

Total sales and marketing expenses increased by more than US$1.4 billion from 2015 to 2016 - mainly due to a US$679 million jump in advertising and promotional costs for Google's hardware products, the filing said.

BLOOMBERG Google sells satellite imaging business Terra Bella to Planet Labs As part of the deal, Planet Labs will acquire the Terra Bella business including the SkySat constellation of satellites.

Alphabet Inc's Google said on Friday it would sell its satellite imaging business, Terra Bella, to Planet Labs, a San Francisco-based private satellite operator founded by former NASA scientists. The financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.

As part of the deal, Planet Labs will acquire the Terra Bella business including the SkySat constellation of satellites, Alphabet said. Google will enter into a multi-year contract to purchase Earth-imaging data from Planet Labs after the deal closes. Google had acquired Terra Bella, originally known as Skybox Imaging, for $500 million in 2014.

The deal will help Planet Labs broaden its available data and add new customers. Planet Labs is one of several startups aiming to harness technology allowing satellites to become smaller and less expensive, making it easier to deploy large networks of satellites at less risk and lower cost than previously. 
2017-01-26
Alphabet Inc. Earnings Rise 9% In Q4 Shutterstock photo





(RTTNews.com) - Alphabet Inc. ( GOOGL ) revealed a profit for its fourth quarter that climbed from last year.

The company said its bottom line advanced to $6.59 billion, or $9.36 per share. This was up from $6.04 billion, or $8.67 per share, in last year's fourth quarter.

Analysts had expected the company to earn $9.64 per share, according figures compiled by Thomson Reuters. Analysts' estimates typically exclude special items.

The company said revenue for the quarter rose 22.2% to $26.06 billion. This was up from $21.33 billion last year.

Alphabet Inc. earnings at a glance:

-Earnings (Q4): $6.59 Bln. vs. $6.04 Bln. last year. -Earnings Growth (Y-o-Y): 9.1% -EPS (Q4): $9.36 vs. $8.67 last year. -EPS Growth (Y-o-Y): 8.0% -Analysts Estimate: $9.64 -Revenue (Q4): $26.06 Bln vs. $21.33 Bln last year. -Revenue Change (Y-o-Y): 22.2%

For comments and feedback: contact editorial@rttnews.com

http://www.rttnews.com

This article appears in: Earnings BRIEF-Alphabet Inc quarterly results press release UPDATE 1-Co-owner of Kushner's New York flagship property willing to sell

NEW YORK, April 10 Efforts to breathe new life into an ageing Manhattan office building that is the flagship property of the family of President Donald Trump's son-in-law has gained a green light after a partial owner of the building indicated a willingness to sell. Alphabet Inc.: HTC Vive Design Team Head Joins Google to Work on Daydream Over the past year, VR has grown immensely as an industry. 360-degree videos and virtual reality content have also taken off, and VR is now available on desktop PCs, smartphones and even consoles with the PSVR. A new contender, the HTC Vive, helped popularize the market while Samsung with the Gear VR made the technology accessible to millions of users. Today, one of the key members of the HTC Vive team, design team head Claude Zellweger left the company and joined Google to work on its VR solution, the Google Daydream.

The ex-HTC employee announced via a tweet that he was moving over to Google's Daydream team. Claude was a veteran at HTC with eight years under his belt. He worked on the design of various HTC handset including the HTC U devices, but mainly on the Vive. In a statement obtained by The Verge, HTC confirmed that the employee was departing.

"HTC can confirm that Claude Zellweger has left the Company. We appreciate his considerable contribution to HTC, and wish him well in his future endeavors. HTC continues to invest in talent and recruitment as part of our broader strategy to ensure the continued strength and integrity of the Company s organizational structure."

Zellweger has not revealed what exactly he will be working on for Daydream, but judging by his experience, it's possible that he will be working on creating new VR headsets for the Android platform. Only time will tell what strides Google will make in the VR space now that the competition is heating up. Alphabet's Verily Aims for Asia with Investment Verily, the life-sciences startup of Google parent Alphabet Inc., is getting an $800 million investment from a Singapore state investment firm to help it expand in Asia, including potentially in China.

Temasek Holdings said Thursday it would take a minority stake in Verily and nominate a director to its board. Its investment will start over the next several days and be completed in the second half of the year, Temasek added.

... Alphabet Inc reports 4th-qtr non-GAAP EPS of $9.36  Alphabet's Verily announces $800 mln investment by Temasek  
2017-01-08
Alphabet Inc.'s Self-Driving Car Unit Creates Its Own Sensor Package Waymo, the self-driving-car unit of Google parent Alphabet, unveiled its own sensor package at the Detroit auto show on Sunday for the hybrid minivans it has developed with Fiat Chrysler. Photo: Waymo

DETROIT Waymo LLC, the self-driving-car unit of Alphabet Inc., has created its own sensor package, suggesting the technology company sees itself supplying both the software and hardware required for autonomous vehicles.

The announcement on Sunday at the start of the North American International Auto Show here gives the clearest window yet into how Waymo might put its self-driving-car project into auto makers  fleets. Bundling the hardware with the software required for self-driving technology would create an all-in-one... 
2017-03-12
Edgewood Management LLC Sells 354012 Shares of Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Alaska Air Group (NYSE:ALK) has announced that it would be retiring the Virgin America brand in 2019. Alaska s vice president of marketing Sangita Woerner said in a statement,  While the Virgin America name is beloved to many, we concluded that to be successful on the West Coast we had to do so under one name [ ] Latest Stocks: The Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Susquehanna ... Raymond James Trust N.A. reduced its position in shares of Whirlpool Co. (NYSE:WHR) by 0.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 16,584 shares of the company s stock after selling 28 shares during the period. Raymond James Trust N.A. s holdings in Whirlpool were worth $2,842,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its position in shares of Whirlpool by 93.8% in  Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Rating Reiterated by Pivotal Research Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) s stock had its  hold  rating reaffirmed by investment analysts at Pivotal Research in a research report issued on Monday. They presently have a $950.00 target price on the stock. Pivotal Research s price target points to a potential upside of 13.01% from the company s current price.

Several other equities analysts have also commented on the company. Canaccord Genuity cut their price target on Alphabet from $950.00 to $925.00 and set a  buy  rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, December 1st. Cantor Fitzgerald restated a  buy  rating and set a $1,040.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Sunday, December 4th. Robert W. Baird restated an  outperform  rating and set a $930.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a research note on Sunday, December 4th. Vetr lowered Alphabet from a  strong-buy  rating to a  buy  rating and set a $873.83 price target on the stock. in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Finally, Cleveland Research began coverage on Alphabet in a research note on Friday, December 16th. They set a  neutral  rating on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating, forty-one have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company s stock. The stock has an average rating of  Buy  and a consensus price target of $965.11.

Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) opened at 840.63 on Monday. Alphabet has a 1-year low of $672.66 and a 1-year high of $874.42. The firm s 50-day moving average is $848.95 and its 200 day moving average is $817.60. The company has a market cap of $581.23 billion, a PE ratio of 30.15 and a beta of 0.98.

Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL) last released its earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $9.36 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $9.64 by $0.28. Alphabet had a return on equity of 14.85% and a net margin of 21.58%. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $8.67 EPS. Analysts predict that Alphabet will post $33.34 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.

COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE:  [[title]]  was published by [[site]] and is the sole property of of [[site]]. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at [[permalink]].

A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 3.3% in the third quarter. First Financial Bank N.A. Trust Division now owns 930 shares of the company s stock worth $748,000 after buying an additional 30 shares during the last quarter. Community Trust & Investment Co. increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 3.8% in the third quarter. Community Trust & Investment Co. now owns 931 shares of the company s stock worth $749,000 after buying an additional 34 shares during the last quarter. Hilton Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 16.8% in the third quarter. Hilton Capital Management LLC now owns 779 shares of the company s stock worth $626,000 after buying an additional 112 shares during the last quarter. Jacobs & Co. CA increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 1.3% in the third quarter. Jacobs & Co. CA now owns 5,246 shares of the company s stock worth $4,218,000 after buying an additional 67 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Fisher Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Alphabet by 1.5% in the third quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 1,010,042 shares of the company s stock worth $812,135,000 after buying an additional 14,723 shares during the last quarter. 34.98% of the stock is owned by institutional investors.

Alphabet Company Profile

Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives.

Get Analysts' Upgrades and Downgrades Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of analysts' upgrades, downgrades and new coverage with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. 
2017-02-03
Is Google The Key To The Next Facebook? Welcome to the Motivated issue of M&A Daily

Google

Snap (NYSE:SNAP) is vying to become the next Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) when it IPOs. But looking at its newly disclosed registration statement, the key to the company might be Google (GOOG/GOOGL). Snap has a $2 billion contract with Google for cloud services that it could substantially expand in the future. Snap's revenue was over $400 million last year but they still lost over $500 million. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) are cited as competitors. Snapchat has 158 million daily active users. It is growing but that growth has slowed.

If you would like to hear more about the pending IPO, please check out this recent podcast. In it, we come to the conclusion that it is good to be Snap CEO Evan Spiegel. Strengthening that point, Miranda Kerr's fianc e is getting an extra 3% of the company for his efforts in taking Snap public (in case his 22% stake in the company has not sufficiently motivated him to get out of bed in the morning). This compensation, worth around $750 million, is to,

Motivate him to continue growing our business and improving our financial results 

He has gone very fast and very far from this only a few years ago:

Macy's

Hudson's Bay (OTC:HBAYF) is interested in buying Macy's (NYSE:M). Such a deal could require a CFIUS review as well as HSR. For more on the target, please check out Unlocking Value at Macy's. For more on the history of its northern suitor, check out Frontier on Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX).

Entercom

Entercom (NYSE:ETM) filed the details of its CBS (NYSE:CBS) deal with the SEC.

InvenSense

The preliminary proxy was filed for the TDK (OTCPK:TTDKY) acquisition of InvenSense (NYSE:INVN). The $0.58 arb spread offers a 12% IRR if the deal closes by August.

Hewlett Packard Enterprise

The Computer Sciences (CSC) deal with Hewlett Packard Enterprise (NYSE:HPE) is scheduled to close around April 1. No joke.

Headwaters

Headwaters (NYSE:HW) shareholders vote today on their acquisition by Boral (OTCPK:BOALY).

Derma Sciences

HSR expires today for the Integra (NASDAQ:IART) acquisition of Derma Sciences (NASDAQ:DSCI).

Brocade

HSR expires today for the Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO) acquisition of Brocade (NASDAQ:BRCD).

Blue Nile

Blue Nile (NASDAQ:NILE) shareholders voted for the acquisition by Bow Street.

Stillwater

Sibanye (NYSE:SBGL) syndicated bridge financing for its Stillwater (NYSE:SWC) deal. The $0.94 spread offers a 15% IRR if the deal closes by June. More to come in future editions of M&A Daily 

Elsewhere on Seeking Alpha

Sifting the World

Please join us, especially if you like:

Merger arbitrage plays.

Long ideas with a looming event that will unlock the underlying value in the stock.

Mutual holding conversions, odd lots, and quirky credit card and other opportunities that could pay off your subscription in and of themselves.

A vibrant and real-time chat room with some of the best investors I know.

Discovering structural mispricings in the market to take advantage of.

You can also check what members say about the service.

Disclosure: I am/we are long M, SWC, HPE.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Chris DeMuth Jr and Andrew Walker are portfolio managers at Rangeley Capital. We invest with a margin of safety by buying securities at discounts to their intrinsic value and unlocking that value through corporate events. To maximize returns for our investors, we reserve the right to make investment decisions regarding any security without notification except where notification is required by law. This post may contain affiliate links, consistent with the disclosure in such links. We manage diversified portfolios with a multi-year time horizon. Positions disclosed in articles may vary in sizing, hedges, and place within the capital structure. Disclosed ideas are related to a specific price, value, and time. If any of these attributes change, then the position might change (and probably will).

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. Amazon Hands Google Shopping A Major Win Even if Amazon decides to stop buying these ads, this is still a win for Google Shopping in more ways than one.

In what could prove to be a major win for Google (GOOG, GOOGL) Shopping, Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) recently began buying its product listing ads (PLAs), at least on a trial basis. According to marketing firm Merkle Group Inc., the retailer started running the ads around December 20.

We have seen Amazon running PLAs for a range of product categories including toys and office supplies but its strongest presence has been in the home goods and furnishing category, said Mark Ballard senior director of research at Merkel.

While not all investors may appreciate the significance of this development, I believe a brief review of the two platforms can help them see why this is definitely a win for Google Shopping.

Comparing the two platforms

A number of surveys have been carried out in the past to establish where customers usually begin their product searches before buying, with each yielding interesting results. Amazon and Google are closer than one might think in terms of search volume, judging by the findings. According to one survey done in 2015 by marketing analytics firm Jumpshot, 46 percent of product searches originated from Amazon, while 54 percent started from Google.

Another 2015 survey of 2000 consumers by Survata and BloomReach found that 44 percent of users started their product searches on Amazon, while 34 percent started with a search engine. On the other hand, PowerReviews found that 38 percent of respondents started their search on Amazon, while Google came in a close second with 35 percent of the respondents preferring it as their starting point.

Regardless of how one looks at the findings, it is clear that both companies are neck to neck when it comes to search volume, and the competition is likely to continue heating up. But Google has been sprucing up and refining its shopping platform over the past couple of years in a bid to make it easier to use, and with these revamps, Google Shopping has become one of the top product ads platform which has the capability of surpassing even Amazon.

In addition to this, it is important to note that although both of these platforms have a degree of similarity in that they both rely on data mining and ad placement of target-specific product searches, when it comes to implementation and functionality, the platforms offer significantly different services.

Google Shopping centers its product campaigns on PLAs, with the ads being the driving force of the platform. Bids are then placed on the products themselves, and Google applies the best keywords based on the bids. One of the major reasons why retailers prefer Google Shopping is due to the fact that PLAs lead the customers directly to the retailers' website, unlike Amazon, where products go through the Amazon platform and only benefit from the platform's search statistics.

Since the retailers using Amazon Marketplace cannot direct customers to their individual websites, this presents a major drawback for them, considering that they miss out on the opportunity to develop more sales leads after directing customers to a site other than their own as well as not being able to differentiate themselves from other retailers.

With retailers on Google Shopping being able to direct people to their own sites, this means a couple of things for them. They can, for example, track customer order flows in Google Analytics and AdWords, retain customer data and account for each customer who buys a product, while learning each of their preferences as an individual. On the other hand, once a retailer is on Amazon Marketplace, they become just another vendor and lack the ability to retain customer information or accurate key customer data which can be useful in generating sales leads.

Why Amazon buying PLAs is a big deal

PLAs are simply ads that present product images, prices and business names to users searching on Google. Google is paid by advertisers after customers click through to visit their websites or view their local inventories directly on Google. So, why should investors be excited about this new development? A couple of reasons.

If Amazon decides to fully invest in PLAs for the long term and at similar return on investment targets as other e-commerce advertisers, Google should get direct ad revenue from Amazon, and this could also lead to a surge in the cost of ads for other advertisers. This is because the other advertisers would probably have to bid more in order to maintain the same amount of traffic from Google Shopping.

Exclusive Concepts' performance manager of Google Shopping and Amazon Marketplace, Nolan Antonucci, also believes this move by Amazon will result in a major win for Google.

Amazon's entrance into Google shopping will undoubtedly have a major impact on online retailers. As a paid traffic source, Google shopping has been the most effective ad unit for our clients and often times their biggest source of new customers, Antonucci said.

With Amazon thinking long term, it is likely that the company would be willing to spend more to acquire new customers as compared to smaller rivals. Moreover, the inclusion of Amazon would increase Google Shopping's visibility, since this would be the page that customers see when they click on the results.

The conventional wisdom around why Amazon had initially refused to participate in Google Shopping was that doing so would strengthen Google's position in the battle to be consumers' first destination for product searches. However, a recent report from Canadian price monitoring firm 360pi could have equally far-reaching effects as Amazon's decision to be on Google Shopping.

According to the report, an analysis of 750 products found that Amazon's price is lower than those advertised by merchants on Google Shopping only 25 percent of the time.

The competitive pricing indicates that Google is looking to become the dominant player in e-commerce, says Jehn Markery, VP marketing at 360pi.

Investor takeaway

To put things in better perspective, consider this. Google's ad revenue grew 17 percent year over year to $22.4 billion in the fourth quarter, with paid ads on the company's sites increasing 43 percent. While mobile search and YouTube were chiefly responsible for this growth, two interesting trends were clear. First, although Google revealed that its cost-per-click was still on the decline with the shift towards mobile since mobile ads cost significantly less than desktop ads, growing mobile ad sales was offsetting this weakness.

Furthermore, retailers were allocating more of their search ad budget to PLAs rather than text ads considering that spending on PLAs rose by 30 percent, while spending on text ads grew by only 12 percent, according to marketing firm Merkle. The firm also found that PLAs accounted for 48 percent of retailers' Google paid search clicks in the quarter, further highlighting their strategic importance on the top and bottom line going forward.

Total U.S advertising spending is expected to reach $100 billion by 2021, with a significant chunk of this amount geared towards mobile, and according to Business Insider, mobile advertising is expected to become the primary destination for digital advertising investment as the amount of time spent on phones and tablets. With Google receiving 96 percent of all search ad clicks on mobile devices in the fourth quarter, the demand for its PLAs among retailers will definitely continue to increase, driving up prices.

PLAs are expected to account for more than half of Google's paid search clicks by the end of this year, and with Amazon on board and as shoppers looking for bargains come around to the realization that it would be in their best interest to start their product searches on Google, the future seems quite bright for Google Shopping.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Form 4 Alphabet Inc. For: Feb 02 Filed by: Lee Antonio  Planet Labs to acquire Terra Bella from Google  
2017-02-15
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Holders Shouldn't Worry About Oracle All too much like James Cameron s 2009 sci-fi flick Avatar, just when you think the feud between Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) and Oracle Corporation (NYSE: ORCL ) is over, you find out it s not.* Last week, the iconic database company told the iconic search engine company it was appealing a ruling made against Oracle   in favor of Alphabet   in May of last year.

Source: Shutterstock

For better or worse, GOOGL stock owners either didn t hear, or didn t care. If it s the latter, it s not terribly surprising. The company formerly known as Google is sued on a regular basis, often by parties with weak cases just looking for a payday.

GOOGL shareholders may want to take a closer look this time around though. While successful appeal cases are tough, Oracle s argument holds slightly more water than the typical long-shot case like the one Vringo levied (and ultimately lost) back in 2014. Moreover, the case itself could have significant repercussions for other outfits in the heat of similar arguments about open source software.

GOOGL: Here We Go Again

Warning: You may need to read through the intricacies of this case twice to fully understand what s going on, and even then, there s no guarantee it will make complete sense. Here s the crux of the argument though   Oracle says Alphabet used a little too much of its Java software   which is free, open-source software   in its Android operating system.

The suit largely hinges on what constitutes  fair use  of open-source and freely-available software.

While Oracle offers Java for any consumer to download and any developer to utilize pieces of, the company contends it was never intended for wide swaths of the code to be cut and pasted and utilized as part of a commercial, revenue-bearing system. The complaint specifically read:

 The undisputed evidence showed that Google verbatim copied the heart of Oracle s creative work for an entirely commercial purpose without any change to Oracle s expressive content or message, took far more than necessary to program in the Java language, and, in so doing, harmed the market for Java. 

The strength of Oracle s copyrights on its application programming interfaces, or APIs, was particularly emphasized by the company in the prior jury trial.

Alphabet s counterargument is simpler   CEO Larry Page said,  We didn t pay for the free and open things. 

If all of this rings a bell with GOOGL stock owners, there s a reason. This argument has been waged in a courtroom a few times, going back as far as 2010. The current stage for this battle of the titans is an appeal of last year s loss suffered by Oracle. That case s loss likely saved Alphabet Inc from being forced to pay the $9 billion in damages Oracle was seeking.

Bottom Line for GOOGL Stock, and Others

Owners of GOOGL stock don t have a great deal to worry about here. The courts sided with the company in the most recent case, and appeals   a reversal of a prior judgment   are very difficult win.

Next Page Alphabet Taps McCray to Lead Access Unit, Including Fiber Alphabet Inc. named broadband executive Gregory McCray to lead its Access subsidiary as the company tries to develop a new strategy for the internet-communications business.

With the appointment, the Access unit, which includes the high-speed Fiber internet service, is getting slimmer. Several hundred employees are moving over to Alphabet s main Google business, according to a person familiar with the situation.

McCray used to be chief executive officer of telecom services provider Aero Communications Inc. He also sits on the board of CenturyLink Inc., one of the biggest U.S. providers of internet and phone services for businesses.

 Google Fiber has been instrumental making the web faster and better for everyone -- something I ve been passionate about my entire career," McCray said in a statement.

The role of Access CEO has been vacant since October, when Craig Barratt, the former head of the unit, resigned. That same day, Alphabet said it was no longer expanding its fiber-to-the-home service to eight cities. It also cut about 9 percent of Fiber staff.

Alphabet s Fiber business provides internet service at speeds of up to 1 gigabit per second, many times faster than the U.S. broadband average. Barratt had big plans to expand nationwide, but Fiber s approach of building wired networks across major urban areas was too expensive. Last year, it began exploring potentially cheaper wireless technology.

"We want to bring Google Fiber to customers faster, so we re focused on making deployment more efficient and less intrusive," a Fiber spokesman said on Wednesday. 
2017-02-16
Alphabet refines Project Loon navigation capabilities  YouTube surpasses 1B automated video captions A feature originally released in 2006 with the 300M+ people globally who have disabling hearing loss in mind, YouTube (GOOG, GOOGL) video captions evolved to include machine-generated automatic captions by November 2009.

The count of videos with automated captions now exceeds 1B, with views at over 15M per day.

Extension of similar work across ten supported languages is planned as YouTube looks to grow the figure even further.

One billion captioned videos [blog post] Eric Schmidt: We should spend more time worrying about other humans than AI Humans should spend more time worrying about other humans rather than obsessing about AI powered robots turning evil, said Eric Schmidt, executive chairman of Google parent company Alphabet.



"One of my friends Andy McAfee says that the humans will revolt before the computers do," he said. McAfee is a scientist at MIT.

Schmidt added, "there's so much else going on that we should worry about ourselves. My personal view." The comments came at the RSA Conference in San Francisco Wednesday night.

Other tech luminaries, like Elon Musk, have expressed concern that AI could eventually surpass human intelligence, then turn on us and destroy us. For instance, Musk recently said that it was "critical to the future of humanity" that we use AI to augment rather than replace human abilities.

But Schmidt thinks this apocalyptic scenario is more suited for science-fiction movies than real life.

"That, by the way, is a movie, OK? That's a movie, it's not true. Can we start over? It's a movie. It has not occurred yet, we're still here," he said. "And, more importantly, the scenario has an enormous number of assumptions."

When it comes to artificial intelligence, the most interesting advancements are being made in computer vision - now better than human vision in many instances - which has huge impacts on healthcare and transportation, he said.

"Things that bedevil us like traffic accidents and bad diagnoses in the medical system are going to get much better," he said. "I will stake my reputation that that's going to be the real narrative over the next five years." Google says users can start shopping for everyday essentials with Google Assistant  
2017-02-02
Insider Trading Activity Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)   Director Sold 22 shares ... Analyst Ratings For Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)

These are 1 Sell Rating, 1 Hold Rating, 44 Buy Ratings .

The current consensus rating for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is Buy (Score: 2.93) with a consensus target price of $958.39 , a potential (20.45% upside)

Analyst Ratings History For Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)

On 2/2/2016 Piper Jaffray Companies Boost Price Target of rating Overweight with a price target of $812.00 to $911.00

On 2/2/2016 FBR & Co Reiterated Rating Outperform with a price target of $809.00 to $941.00

On 2/2/2016 Barclays PLC Set Price Target of rating Buy with a price target of $900.00

On 2/5/2016 William Blair Reiterated Rating Outperform

On 3/23/2016 Rosenblatt Securities Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $900.00

On 4/24/2016 Royal Bank Of Canada Reiterated Rating Outperform with a price target of $1,000.00

On 5/20/2016 Bank of America Corporation Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $925.00

About Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Alphabet Inc. is a holding company. The Company holds interests in Google Inc. (Google). The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. Google segment includes Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome, Google Play, and hardware products, including Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus, which are sold by the Company. Its technical infrastructure and Virtual Reality are also included in Google segment. Google segment is engaged in advertising, sales of digital content, applications and cloud services, as well as sale of Google branded hardware. The Other Bets segment consists of various operating segments and includes businesses, such as Access/Google Fiber, Calico, Nest, Verily, GV, Google Capital, X and other initiatives. Other Bets segment is engaged in the sale of Nest hardware products, Internet and television services through Google Fiber, and licensing and research and development (R&D) services through Verily.

Recent Trading Activity for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Shares of Alphabet Inc. closed the previous trading session at 795.70 down -1.09 -0.14% with 2,029,744 shares trading hands.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Form 4 Alphabet Inc. For: Dec 27 Filed by: Lee Antonio  Waymo far ahead in driverless car race  
2017-01-03
Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (NYSE:FCAU) are ... Internet giant Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) and car-maker Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (NYSE:FCAU) announced that they combine to build a new infotainment system on Androids platform.

According to reports the project syndicates FCA s Connect infotainment system with Android 7.0 Nougat. It retains the carmaker s user interface while mixing a number of apps like Google Assistant and Maps, as well as extra Android apps like Pandora, Spotify, and others.

Meanwhile it s an extension of a partnership between the two firms that saw Chrysler working with Google to build 100 Pacifica minivans combined with Google s self-directed driving hardware and software.

The search engine giant firm recently revealed its desire to have Android used in every user-facing system in the car, integrated into anything from climate control and audio controls to the speedometer. That system is open-source and offered for customization to the car maker s tastes, even comprising support for Android Auto and CarPlay. Many car-makers believe their infotainment user interface is an extension of the car make itself, which makes customizability enormously vital.

 With Android, we are able to maintain our unique and intuitive Uconnect user interface, all while integrating our easy-to-use systems with Android s features and ecosystem of applications,  said Chris Barman, FCA s head of electrical engineering, in a statement.

Furthermore if car-maker firms can save time and cash developing infotainment systems on top of Android, particularly with a pre-existing Android app ecosystem, the platform could takeoff. However it faces rivalry both from advanced platforms divisions within carmakers like Audi s virtual cockpit as well as other podiums like BlackBerry s QNX.

As most cars infotainment systems are quite hard to use, just about anything that can make them better is a must-have. Both Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCAU) and Alphabet (GOOG) didn t announced the exact date when exactly this planned platform will hit the shelves. Hyundai collaborates with Google assistant in further connecting homes to cars  
2017-02-23
Apple Inc. vs. Alphabet Inc: Value or Growth? Choosing between buying Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) is the classic choice between value and growth. And if you were confused, AAPL stock is the value play, while GOOGL stock provides the growth.

Source: Shutterstock

While Apple shares have been on fire in 2017   up 17%   you can still get in for a price-to-earnings ratio around 16, lower than what investors are paying for the average S&P 500 stock. You also get a dividend of 57 cents per share, more than covered by earnings.

GOOGL is the growth play. Revenues increased to $90 billion last year from $55 billion in 2013. This justifies a P/E of nearly 30. The shares are also up 17% over the last 12 months.

Right now, investors prefer value over growth and Apple stock is doing better than Alphabet. But this isn t the proverbial choice between a rock and a hard place, instead, it s more like picking between cookies and ice cream. I own both stocks, I have owned them for several years, and I have profited handsomely holding both.

The Case for AAPL Stock

No technology company is as adept at squeezing profit from hardware as Apple.

While other smartphone companies struggle to make money, Apple regularly brings $1 of every $4 in iPhone sales to its bottom line. Its closed ecosystem is perceived as safe and their products last for years.

The current case for Apple stock, however, has little to do with hardware. Instead, services now drive the stock forward. Services like its app store   from which it takes a 30% cut of sales   Apple Music, iPay and iCloud have become huge, with $7.17 billion of revenue in the fourth quarter alone. The success of its services enabled Apple to become a power in the cloud by putting more than $12 billion into capital spending last year. It s no secret that the cloud is a capital-intensive business, but Apple has been able to out-spend cloud rivals without disturbing its profit machine.

AAPL had over $246 billion in cash on its books at the end of last year, most of it kept overseas. The Trump administration has proposed a one-time tax cut to encourage Apple to bring this cash back to the U.S. That s enough money to buy companies such as Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ: CMCSA ) or Walt Disney Co (NYSE: DIS ) outright.

When analysts subtract the Apple cash from its market cap, they find the company itself valued at  just  $460 billion, with a PE of 9 and just over two times sales. If you re looking for a cheap value stock, poised for an era of unprecedented growth, with plenty of safety and margin for error, they say, buy AAPL today.

The Case for GOOGL Stock

The artists formerly known as Google have a different case to make.

Alphabet has become a cash flow monster, delivering nearly $40 billion in operating cash flow last year. Its revenue grew nearly 20%, and GOOGL s operating margin is over 25%.

Clouds scale like no invention ever seen before, and Alphabet delivers a global search service for literally nothing. Its Android operating system is on 87% of all smartphones, against just 12% for Apple, and Alphabet doesn t have to build or sell them. It just watches as customers who own them come to its services.

Next Page Untethered VR Headsets May Be Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Next Focus Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG , GOOGL ) may be interested in developing untethered VR headsets.

Alphabet Inc s Android operating system is being used in a new development kit from Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM ). The development kit is for untethered VR headsets that use Android, but it isn t the same as what users get from a smartphone.

The version of Android that is being used in the Qualcomm, Inc. development kit may give an insight into Alphabet Inc s future VR efforts. It has a separate overlay of its own. GOOG s current VR focus is with Daydream. This has users inserting their smartphones into a cradle for a VR experience.

The big difference between Alphabet Inc s current VR efforts and the development kit from Qualcomm, Inc. is the untethered aspect of it. Untethered VR headsets will operate completely on their own. Users won t need a smartphone or a computer to use them, reports Computer World.

Qualcomm, Inc. is hoping that its new development kits for untethered VR headsets will bring some sense of stability to the market. It is trying to ensure that different headsets are consistent. It also wants to reduce the nausea that can sometimes come with VR headsets.

The development kits for untethered VR headsets will come out during the second quarter of 2017. Qualcomm, Inc. is also launching an accelerator program to help original design manufacturers build their own untethered VR headsets. This includes giving these companies access to its own supply partners and assisting them with product marketing, Tech Crunch notes.

More From InvestorPlace Insider Trading Activity Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)   CEO Sold 4000 shares of ... Analyst Ratings For Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)

These are 1 Sell Rating, 1 Hold Rating, 40 Buy Ratings .

The current consensus rating for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) is Buy (Score: 2.93) with a consensus target price of $961.39 , a potential (15.72% upside)

Analyst Ratings History For Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)

On 3/23/2016 Rosenblatt Securities Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $900.00

On 4/24/2016 Royal Bank Of Canada Reiterated Rating Outperform with a price target of $1,000.00

On 5/20/2016 Bank of America Corp Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $925.00

On 6/8/2016 Maxim Group Reiterated Rating Overweight with a price target of $865.00 to $850.00

On 7/6/2016 Longbow Research Initiated Coverage of rating Buy

On 7/12/2016 Pivotal Research Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $970.00 to $1,000.00

On 7/29/2016 Sanford C. Bernstein Set Price Target of rating Buy with a price target of $950.00

About Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Alphabet Inc. is a holding company. The Company holds interests in Google Inc. (Google). The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. Google segment includes Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome, Google Play, and hardware products, including Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus, which are sold by the Company. Its technical infrastructure and Virtual Reality are also included in Google segment. Google segment is engaged in advertising, sales of digital content, applications and cloud services, as well as sale of Google branded hardware. The Other Bets segment consists of various operating segments and includes businesses, such as Access/Google Fiber, Calico, Nest, Verily, GV, Google Capital, X and other initiatives. Other Bets segment is engaged in the sale of Nest hardware products, Internet and television services through Google Fiber, and licensing and research and development (R&D) services through Verily.

Recent Trading Activity for Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Shares of Alphabet Inc. closed the previous trading session at 830.76 down -0.90 -0.11% with 987,248 shares trading hands.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Buy or Sell? What Analysts Recommends: Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL), American Water ... Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) gained 0.25% with the closing price of $851.36. The overall volume in the last trading session was 1.22 million shares.

Company Growth Evolution:

ROI deals with the invested cash in the company and the return the investor realize on that money based on the net profit of the business. Investors who are keeping close eye on the stock of Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) established that the company was able to keep return on investment at 13.97 in the trailing twelve month while Reuters data showed that industry s average stands at 14.59 and sector s optimum level is 9.44.

Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) have shown a high EPS growth of 14.80% in the last 5 years and has earnings decline of 30.00% yoy. Analysts have a mean recommendation of 1.70 on this stock (A rating of less than 2 means buy,  hold  within the 3 range,  sell  within the 4 range, and  strong sell  within the 5 range). The stock appeared $867.00 above its 52-week highs and is up 1.35% for the last five trades. MA ended last trade at $851.36 a share and the price is up more than 7.43% so far this year. The company maintains price to book ratio of 4.22 vs. an industry average at 5.52. Its sales stood at 19.00% a year on average in the period of last five years. A P/B ratio of less than 1.0 can indicate that a stock is undervalued, while a ratio of greater than 1.0 may indicate that a stock is overvalued.

American Water Works Company, Inc. (NYSE:AWK) ended its day at $74.92 with the rising stream of 0.73% and its total traded volume was 1.2 million shares more than the average volume.

Returns and Valuations for American Water Works Company, Inc. (NYSE:AWK)

American Water Works Company, Inc. (NYSE:AWK), maintained return on investment for the last twelve months at 2.91, higher than what Reuters data shows regarding industry s average. The average of this ratio is 7.48 for the industry and sector s best figure appears 6.70. American Water Works Company, Inc. (NYSE:AWK), at its latest closing price of $74.92, it has a price-to-book ratio of 2.57, compared to an industry average at 2.07. A lower P/B ratio could mean that the stock is undervalued. This ratio also gives some idea of whether you re paying too much for what would be left if the company went bankrupt immediately.

American Water Works Company, Inc. (NYSE:AWK), stock is trading $83.96 above the 52-week high and has displayed a high EPS growth of 12.70% in last 5 years. The 1 year EPS growth rate is 10.60%. Its share price has risen 4.84% in three months and is up 2.90% for the last five trades. The average analysts gave this company a mean recommendation of 2.00. Alphabet's Waymo Alleges Uber Stole Self-Driving Secrets It took Alphabet Inc. s Waymo seven years to design and build a laser-scanning system to guide its self-driving cars. Uber Technologies Inc. allegedly did it in nine months.

Waymo claims in a lawsuit filed Thursday that was possible because a former employee stole the designs and technology and started a new company.

The complaint intensifies Alphabet s rivalry with Uber, one of the Internet giant s largest investments, and reflects an escalating talent war in the burgeoning autonomous-driving arena as tech and auto companies alike compete for skilled engineers. Legal fights are multiplying after General Motors Co. and Uber valued upstarts -- each with just a few dozen employees -- as worth hundreds of millions of dollars in separate acquisitions last year.

Waymo accuses several employees of Otto, a self-driving startup Uber acquired in August for $680 million, of lifting technical information from Google s autonomous car project. The  calculated theft  of Alphabet s technology earned Otto s employees more than $500 million, according to the complaint in San Francisco federal court.

 We take the allegations made against Otto and Uber employees seriously and we will review this matter carefully,   Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler said in an e-mail.

Read More: Fight Over Tesla s Self-Driving Pro Shows Talent War Escalating

The claims in Thursday s case include unfair competition, patent infringement and trade secret misappropriation.

 Fair competition spurs new technical innovation, but what has happened here is not fair competition,  Waymo said in the complaint.  Instead, Otto and Uber have taken Waymo s intellectual property so that they could avoid incurring the risk, time, and expense of independently developing their own technology. 

Waymo was inadvertently copied on an e-mail from one of its vendors, which had an attachment showing an Uber lidar circuit board that had a  striking resemblance  to Waymo s design, according to the complaint.

14,000 Files

Anthony Levandowski, a former manager at Waymo, in December 2015 downloaded more than 14,000 proprietary and confidential files, including the lidar circuit board designs, according to the complaint. He also allegedly created a domain name for his new company and confided in some of his Waymo colleagues of plans to  replicate  its technology for a competitor.

 Misappropriating this technology is akin to stealing a secret recipe from a beverage company,  Waymo wrote in a blog post explaining the suit.

Levandowski left Waymo in January 2016 and went on in May to form Otto LLC, which planned to develop hardware and software for autonomous vehicles.

"These are very serious allegations, if true," said Tyler Ochoa, a professor at Santa Clara University School of Law. "The trade secret case by itself is a blockbuster."

Waymo s complaint contains such specific information about the devices used and the dates the information was downloaded that it s "hard to believe they d put those accusations into print unless they had evidence," Ochoa said in an interview.

Alphabet s venture capital arm, GV -- formerly known as Google Ventures -- is an early backer of Uber.

Waymo s lawsuit is ill-timed for Uber, a company already mired in crisis over allegations of sexual harassment and recently beset by customer losses due to ties to President Donald Trump. Uber this week set up a commission led by former U.S. attorney general Eric Holder to investigate a former developer s allegations of sexual harassment and discrimination by her manager. Weeks earlier, Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick stepped down from the president s business advisory council after customers defected, citing his affiliation with Trump.

Confidentiality Agreement

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Tesla Motors Inc., meanwhile, is suing the former head of its Autopilot program over claims he broke his confidentiality agreement with the company when he founded a startup with a former Google car engineer. In January, the electric carmaker accused Sterling Anderson of starting working last summer on the autonomous car venture, Aurora Innovation LLC, that he set up with Chris Urmson, the former head of Google s self-driving car project. Anderson left Tesla in December.

In another dispute over intellectual property in the self-driving space, Google in December accused a former employee of breaching his contract obligations over possession and use of confidential information when he went to work for startup Drive.ai.

The Alphabet case is Waymo LLC v. Uber Technologies Inc., 17-cv-00939, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco). 
2017-03-15
Insider Trading Activity Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)   SVP Sold 2000 shares of ... Insider Trading Activity For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

David C Drummond , SVP of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) reportedly Sold 2,000 shares of the company s stock at an average price of 852.42 for a total transaction amount of $1,704,840.00 SEC Form

Insider Trading History For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

On 8/13/2012 Kavitark Ram Shriram, Director, sold 50,200 with an average share price of $650.10 per share and the total transaction amounting to $32,635,020.00. View SEC Filing

On 10/8/2012 Lawrence Page, CEO, sold 20,833 with an average share price of $757.34 per share and the total transaction amounting to $15,777,664.22. View SEC Filing

On 11/14/2012 Lawrence Page, CEO, sold 27,778 with an average share price of $656.16 per share and the total transaction amounting to $18,226,812.48. View SEC Filing

On 11/27/2012 Eric E Schmidt, Chairman, sold 9,631 with an average share price of $670.79 per share and the total transaction amounting to $6,460,378.49. View SEC Filing

On 12/24/2012 Eric E Schmidt, Chairman, sold 24,250 with an average share price of $709.98 per share and the total transaction amounting to $17,217,015.00. View SEC Filing

On 12/26/2012 Eric E Schmidt, Chairman, sold 3,625 with an average share price of $708.43 per share and the total transaction amounting to $2,568,058.75. View SEC Filing

On 12/27/2012 Eric E Schmidt, Chairman, sold 47,250 with an average share price of $704.45 per share and the total transaction amounting to $33,285,262.50. View SEC Filing

Analyst Ratings For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

These are 1 Sell Rating, 2 Hold Ratings, 40 Buy Ratings .

The current consensus rating for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is Buy (Score: 2.91) with a consensus target price of $962.31 , a potential (13.80% upside)

Analyst Ratings History For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

On 3/23/2016 Rosenblatt Securities Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $900.00

On 5/20/2016 Bank of America Corp Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $925.00

On 6/8/2016 Maxim Group Reiterated Rating Overweight with a price target of $865.00 to $850.00

On 7/6/2016 Longbow Research Initiated Coverage of rating Buy

On 7/12/2016 Pivotal Research Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $970.00 to $1,000.00

On 7/29/2016 Sanford C. Bernstein Set Price Target of rating Buy with a price target of $950.00

On 7/31/2016 Axiom Securities Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $970.00 to $990.00

About Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Alphabet Inc. is a holding company. The Company s businesses include Google Inc. (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. The Google segment is engaged in advertising, sales of digital content, applications and cloud offerings, and sales of hardware products. The Other Bets segment is engaged in the sales of Internet and television services through Google Fiber, sales of Nest products and services, and licensing and research and development (R&D) services through Verily. It offers Google Assistant, which allows users to type or talk with Google; Google Maps, which helps users navigate to a store, and Google Photos, which helps users store and organize all of their photos.

Recent Trading Activity for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Shares of Alphabet Inc closed the previous trading session at 845.62 up +0.08 0.01% with 780,198 shares trading hands.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Alphabet Inc's AI company Deepmind claims it has gotten over its forgetfulness ... Elastic Weight Consolidation or EWC computes how important each connection in a neural network is to the task it has just learned and then assigns this connection a mathematical weight proportional to its importance. ( Source: DeepMind) Elastic Weight Consolidation or EWC computes how important each connection in a neural network is to the task it has just learned and then assigns this connection a mathematical weight proportional to its importance. ( Source: DeepMind)

DeepMind, the London-based artificial intelligence company owned by Alphabet Inc., claims it overcame a key limitation affecting one of the most promising machine learning technologies: the software s inability to remember.

The breakthrough, described in a paper published Tuesday in the academic journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, may open the way for artificial intelligence systems to be more easily applied to multiple tasks, instead of being narrowly trained for one purpose. It should also improve the ability of AI systems to transfer knowledge between tasks and to master a sequence of linked steps.

Watch all our videos from Express Technology

Neural networks, software which is loosely based on the structure of synapses in the human brain, are considered the best machine learning technique for language translation, image classification and image generation. But these networks suffer from a major flaw scientists call  catastrophic forgetting.  They exist in a kind of perpetual present: every time the network is given new data, it overwrites what it has previously learned.

In human brains, neuroscientists believe that one way in which memory works is that connections between neurons that seem important for a particular skill become less likely to be rewired. The DeepMind researchers drew on this theory, known as synaptic consolidation, to create a way to allow neural networks to remember. They worked with Claudia Clopath, a neuroscientist at London s Imperial College, who is a co-author on the paper.  We have shown it is possible to train a neural network sequentially, which was previously thought to be a fundamental limitation,  James Kirkpatrick, a DeepMind researcher who was the lead author on the paper, said in an interview.

The researchers created an algorithm, called Elastic Weight Consolidation or EWC that computes how important each connection in a neural network is to the task it has just learned and then assigns this connection a mathematical weight proportional to its importance. The weight slows down the rate at which the value of that particular node in the neural network can be altered. In this way, the network is able to retain knowledge while learning a new task.

The researchers tested the algorithm on ten classic Atari games, which the neural network had to learn to play from scratch. DeepMind had previously created an AI agent able to play these games as well or better than any human player. But that earlier AI could only learn one game at a time. If it was later shown one of the first games it learned, it had to start all over again. The new EWC-enabled software was able to learn all ten games and, on average, come close to human-level performance on all of them. It did not, however, perform as well as a neural network trained specifically for just one game, the researchers wrote.

Also Read: Alphabet s DeepMind is exploring why robots could end up killing

Peter Dayan, a professor of neuroscience at University College London, said DeepMind s paper might benefit neuroscientists in thinking about how synaptic consolidation works. He said studies by psychologist John Pearce, at Cardiff University, seemed to indicate a very similar mechanism determined which synapses were available or unavailable for new learning.

DeepMind, which Alphabet purchased for 400 million pounds ($486.4 million) in 2014, is best known for having created AI software able to beat the world s best players at the ancient Asian strategy game Go. That achievement was considered a major milestone in computer science because Go has so many possible moves that a computer cannot simply figure out the best move in every situation and instead must rely on something more akin to intuition   making educated guesses based on its own experience.

For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now 
2017-03-18
As Easy As ABC - Alphabet Is A Buy! Last month, I posed a serious question:

'So Why Not Buy Apple..?!'

Just days later, we got our first hint Buffett himself was buying Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL)! Followed shortly after by that bombshell CNBC interview (here's the transcript), where he revealed an $18 billion plus Apple investment*, the vast majority bought by him in January and recent months (and the rest by Todd and Ted in early-2016). What better confirmation of my assertion that value investors - even the greatest of them all, at 86 years of age - would be wise to pose such a question to themselves?

[*Pretty sure Apple is Buffett's largest common stock investment ever (on a cost basis). In fact, I wonder if it's the largest stock investment ever made by a single investor (again, in terms of cost)? Sure, Todd, Ted, and Charlie did provide some inspiration and feedback here, but we can be sure Buffett never buys anything until he makes his own mind up! Thoughts?]

Granted, I got lucky.

Was I confident I'd see Buffett talking up an Apple position just weeks later? Um, no. [Don't forget, Icahn announcing a multi-billion holding some years back was a huge surprise too.] And maybe I chose it specifically as the largest, most obvious and controversial value stock out there. Not to mention, the head fake I pulled: While I did summarize its attractive fundamentals and valuation, my post clearly wasn't intended to be a detailed thesis. But hey, it was still the right question at the right time, so I'll take the kudos! And Buffett's purchase now serves as great inspiration to present a genuinely compelling investment thesis here. Just not Apple - I mean, who even needs a thesis right now when Buffett has put so much money where his mouth is? Instead, we'll focus on a company which is arguably the antithesis of Apple - therefore, I ask:

So Why Not Google It?

Yeah, it's Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG). While the new holding company moniker isn't so recognizable, almost everybody on the planet interacts with its products on a daily basis - Search, Android, Maps, Chrome, YouTube, Google Play and Gmail each have over 1 billion monthly active users! Obviously, no introduction is needed here, but if you haven't read them recently, I recommend two key documents: 'An Owner's Manual' for Google Shareholders, from the 2004 IPO (inspired by Buffett), plus the Alphabet Letter, which details the 2015 transition to a holding company for Google and Other Bets (again, inspired by Buffett). Note particularly the core 'mission statement':

'Google is not a conventional company. We do not intend to become one.'

But while we may love Google's story and products, many haven't considered it any more seriously as an investment than Apple. You know why - in no particular order: It's a technology company, it's a technology company that's totally dependent on advertising revenues, its costs-per-click keep falling, many of its products and services have completely bombed, its talent could and probably will walk out the door tomorrow, it's throwing money away on moonshots, it could be superseded by a better mouse-trap tomorrow, its CFO is an over-compensated innovation killer, it's sitting on mountains of idle cash, its dual-share structure is evil, it belongs in the too-difficult pile, it's a black box, who knows, etc.

In reality, that list tells you as much about the biases of investors themselves - such objections aren't necessarily correct, or even grounded in facts and figures. Which we'd do well to focus on - here's the last decade of Alphabet/Google results, complete with 5 and 10 year CAGRs:

Focusing on the last 5 years, revenue growth has slowed marginally, but nobody could fail to be impressed by the consistent top-line growth of 19% per annum. Unfortunately, non-GAAP operating margins have failed to expand as one might expect - in fact, they've gone into reverse, declining from 36% to 34%. Which is exacerbated by a progressively more generous stock-based compensation policy in the last few years. [Stock-based compensation, or SBC.] Taken together, GAAP operating margin has grown 15% pa. And like most technology companies, stock issuance along the way leaves diluted and excluding-SBC diluted EPS growth at 13-14% pa. Which is not to be sneezed at in a post-crisis world.

But if you weren't an Apple fan (despite its earnings trajectory), you just might hate Alphabet - which boasts lower 5-10 year earnings growth, yet manages to enjoy a far higher multiple! At today's $868.39 share price, Alphabet trades on a 25.3 non-GAAP P/E (based on 2016 ex-SBC diluted EPS of $34.34). And if that turns you off, doubtless you'll focus on the much higher 31.2 GAAP P/E (based on diluted EPS of $27.85). Of course, more adventurous growth investors wouldn't even blink at such numbers. But for the average value investor, on the face of it, these P/Es are likely way too steep to even consider (in absolute, relative, and/or PEG ratio terms).

But such a conclusion could be a huge missed opportunity.

We need to survey the company through different lens - focusing instead on three distinct components of Alphabet's corporate empire, while making one additional but critical accounting adjustment, to apprehend a more realistic picture of the company's performance, prospects, and underlying fair value. First, we have:

A Ton of Cash and Investments:

Too many investors discount cash, while also over-estimating the advantages of debt. [Look at any great growth story, debt is not the driver!]. But a strong balance sheet may permit a more aggressive and longer-term strategy in a company's existing business, whilst also retaining a free option on future growth opportunities. Conversely, an over-leveraged company may quickly find its horizons limited and its options eliminated. Of course, discounting cash (and investments) may still be warranted, if management is intent on: i) building a permanent cushion of idle cash, and/or ii) pursuing illogical and value-destroying acquisitions/investments (or has a history of such indulgence). I don't believe investors face these risks with Alphabet.

In terms of internal investment, Google is the answer - from a single web page, Larry Page and Sergey Brin built a search and advertising colossus from scratch! While also presiding over an acquisition machine, with 200 plus acquisitions since day one. [And here's a fascinating Google timeline.] Notably, the majority of deals have focused on acquiring talent, technology, and intellectual property - not on existing revenues and profits - to support and build on existing businesses, and to expand into related fields. But surveying some of the largest deals, they've been total block-busters: Android in 2005 (for just $50 million), YouTube in 2006 ($1.65 billion), DoubleClick ($3.1 billion) & AdMob ($0.75 billion) in 2007/2009. As for Waze in 2013 ($1 billion), and Nest Labs in 2014 ($3.2 billion), it's still too early to tell.

And Alphabet's largest deal, $12.5 billion for Motorola Mobility in 2011, was also notable: First, it wasn't the failure some have tagged it. Motorola had almost $3 billion of cash at the time, Motorola Home was sold for $2.4 billion, then Motorola Mobility for another $2.9 billion, while deferred tax assets appear to have more than offset interim operating losses. And so, apparently as intended all along, Alphabet effectively acquired Motorola's entire patent portfolio for sub-$3.5 billion, to 'defend the entire Android ecosystem'. Noting Android's smartphone dominance ever since, offence may be the more accurate term than defence!? [By comparison, Apple, Microsoft, and RIM bought Nortel's patent portfolio for $4.5 billion, also in 2011]. And second, the gross consideration for Motorola is actually less than 50% of the annual $26 billion free cash flow Alphabet now generates!

Clearly, Alphabet's current acquisition/investment strategy is value-enhancing, but even snagging a few decacorns won't put a serious dent in its growing cash pile. A step-change in strategy is required - that is, listed and much larger target companies, with revenues, profits, and users being the primary driver. But I'm not convinced that will happen anytime soon - as surely it would require Alphabet to become just a little more evil? ['Evil' is confusing, now I just substitute 'corporate']. Returning cash to shareholders is the obvious alternative. And right now, I'd bet it's a far more likely outcome. And the transition to a holding company structure heralds a greater focus on capital allocation, with Ruth Porat adding an external perspective. [She's called Ruthless Ruth, reflecting the silly notion she's a bull in a china shop. But her hiring was clearly integral to the Alphabet road-map - doubtless, she has Larry and Sergey's full backing. And Larry never liked saying no - now he's got Ruth to do it!] While Alphabet hasn't signaled a dividend, it did complete its first $5 billion plus share buyback in 2015/2016, and recently approved a new $7 billion buyback programme.

Repatriation would be the real catalyst here - to fund, perhaps, a much larger share tender offer - the company now has $52 billion of cash re-invested overseas. I think this was always inevitable, but now appears far more imminent and likely under Trump. [In fact, a 15% (or even higher) tax rate up-front would eliminate a repatriation bill - companies could just take the incremental tax hit. Either way, the tax bill is only a few months of free cash flow for Alphabet]. And speaking of catalysts, it's a brave new world out there for technology companies - activist investors now have an appetite for targeting and harrying even the largest of technology companies to declare a dividend, do a spin-off, buy back shares, or even take on debt.

Meanwhile, Alphabet has $13 billion of cash and $73 billion of securities (primarily in treasuries, sovereign bonds, and agencies). Also: i) $6 billion of investments - any volatility or illiquidity is more than offset by $5 billion plus of unrecorded revaluation gains, ii) $1.4 billion of Lenovo promissory notes due in October - their balance sheet and cash flow suggest no reason to doubt this will be paid, and iii) a recently announced $0.8 billion for a non-controlling stake in Verily - the final tranche to be received in H2-2017. Anyone nit-picking these figures should remember Alphabet is now generating $2.2 billion free cash flow per month! So while we're at it, it's reasonable to also include an additional $5 billion plus of free cash flow year-to-date:

$12.9 Billion Cash + $73.4 Billion Marketable Securities + $5.9 Billion Investments + $1.4 Billion Promissory Note + $0.8 Billion Temasek Deal + $5.3 Billion Free Cash Flow Year-to-Date = $99.7 Billion Total Cash and Investments = $145 Cash and Investments per Share

That's a round $100 billion - like I said, a ton of cash and investments!

Other Bets - Moonshots and Unicorns:

Sequoia Capital, Benchmark, Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, Andreessen Horowitz, Union Square Ventures, Index Ventures, Y Combinator - how many investors would give up their first-born just to invest in these unicorn firms? Yes, they're the some of the best and brightest VC firms in the world, and have the unicorns and IRRs to prove it. At best, you'll face a near-impossible set of hoops (and possibly several layers of fees), to invest in their funds - at worst, it's actually impossible.

So why not consider Alphabet instead?

From day one, Google told its shareholders to expect 'smaller bets in areas that might seem very speculative or even strange when compared to our current businesses'. With the creation of Alphabet, it has now carved out most of these moonshots into a segment called Other Bets - which includes Nest, Google Fiber, Verily, Calico, X, Waymo, GV and Capital G. As any VC worth his IRR will tell you, finding unicorns is all about identifying the best teams (smart, passionate, and experienced founders, managers, and employees), the largest and fastest growing opportunities (the biggest markets and broadest demographics), and then (and only then) the best business model to generate revenue and ideally profits (monetizing needs, wants, and eyeballs). Given Alphabet's record of investment and value-creation to date, its ability to attract many of the smartest and most talented people in the world, its targeting of some of the largest markets on earth (or possibly even space), I'm willing to bet its Other Bets unit may potentially offer one of the best unicorn farms in the world!

And what better confirmation of Page and Brin's faith in these moonshots - they chose to pursue them in-house, regardless of cost (that's now changing). And cost is critical here: Invest in a VC fund, and you will record an asset on your (personal) balance sheet, as would Alphabet making external investments in companies and VC funds. But investing in its own moonshots in-house, the rules dictated it record a pre-tax $3.6 billion P&L loss* last year - not a balance sheet asset! Yes, accounting is sometimes that arbitrary. [*Reflecting Other Bets early-stage revenues, which are fast-growing but still minimal (that is, less than 1% of Alphabet's total revenues), versus its current expense base]. Here's what it looks like over the last 5 years:

Yes, as I'm sure you know, these misleading losses are the culprit behind Alphabet's margin erosion and earnings shortfall (versus top-line growth) over the last 4 years. And while Porat appears to be imposing more budgetary and investment discipline now, I wouldn't necessarily expect much reduction in losses in the near-term - any scaling-back of expense and ambition in one area will likely be redirected into other more promising bets. But as of today, for an Alphabet investor, a cumulative $9.5 billion of Other Bet losses have been fully expensed, but still offers a potentially very valuable free option. And also, ongoing losses should be treated as investment - that is, an asset. Which I suspect presents limited financial risk: Actual cash losses, net of tax, should remain a fraction of overall free cash flow, while ongoing investment is justified if Other Bets can boast, sell, or spin-off a decacorn (say) in the next 3-5 years. [Notably, Snap Inc. (NYSE:SNAP) is a loss-making company which generated $0.4 billion revenue last year (precisely 50% of Other Bets 2016 revenue), but is actually worth $24 billion today!?]

And so, Other Bets losses will be ignored here, with no Other Bets investment asset being created or included for valuation purposes either.

The Cash Machine:

And last but definitely not least, we have the Cash Machine itself, as Googlers sometimes call Google. Having confirmed Alphabet's cash and investments, and re-classified its Other Bets losses as potentially highly valuable VC investments, we can finally evaluate its core business, that is Google's valuation on a stand-alone basis. But we still need to make some minor adjustments, plus one final essential accounting adjustment. First, here's Google's last 5 years:

[NB: Unallocated corporate costs (approximately $0.6 billion per annum) are included here, so revenue and operating income in the Google and Other Bets tables fully reconciles back to the consolidated Alphabet table at the beginning of this post.]

[NB: First table above details Google's advertising segments, then advertising and other segments. While the second table details Google's total revenues, etc.]

What a thing of beauty! Advertising revenue growth from Google's core properties - Search, YouTube, etc. - has averaged 20% pa, despite significant headwinds (annual declines in costs-per-click) from the ongoing transition to mobile. The laggard is revenues from ads placed on external Google Network Members' properties (via AdSense, AdMob, and DoubleClick) - revenue growth has been throttled by the same costs-per-click decline. However, this has been essentially offset by the extraordinarily rapid (49% pa) growth in other revenues, from Google Play (note only net revenue is recorded), hardware sales, Google Cloud services, etc. Google revenues overall have grown 19% pa, which obscures a consistent 20% plus constant currency growth rate (in fact, averaging 22% pa). Again, a general increase in stock-based compensation has marginally reduced operating income growth to 18% pa, noting a stable 31% GAAP operating margin in the last couple of years.

The obvious issue here is whether to focus on GAAP or non-GAAP (that is, ex-SBC) operating income. Wall Street is perfectly comfortable with the latter, and usually I'm happy to ignore stock-based compensation too: On the basis it's a non-cash expense, it vests (or expires) over a number of years, it may be dependent on specific performance and share price targets. Not to mention, as I re-iterate my fair value analysis over time, I'd expect future dilution (unless stock-based compensation is really excessive) to be (more than) offset by future revenue and earnings growth. But in this instance, I'd note the following:

[NB: I had to presume all intangible asset expenditure was acquisition-related, and therefore ignore it in the table above.]

Actual capex substantially exceeds current depreciation and amortization expense - so, despite no stock-based compensation cash cost, Alphabet's free cash flow is only marginally higher than GAAP net income (on average) over the last 5 years. [Obviously, absent this additional capex, free cash flow would be even more impressive!] While we might expect this gap to close over time, it's prudent to focus accordingly on Google's 31% GAAP operating margin (presuming it also corresponds to underlying cash flows). [Note Alphabet just confirmed it will no longer provide non-GAAP earnings (though Wall Street will probably still derive them]. But noting the current growth momentum, we can also anticipate a current revenue and earnings run-rate. While Wall Street is happy to reference 2017 (and even 2018) estimates at this point, I'd normally gross up the latest quarter to arrive at a reasonably conservative annual run-rate. However, Google revenues exhibit a seasonal pattern, rising each quarter to reach a Q4 peak at 29% of annual revenue (I see no operating margin seasonality). Therefore, noting 22% and 24% actual/constant currency growth rates in Q4, let's split the difference twice - that is, use a 23% average growth rate, then halve it - for a conservative 11.5% uplift in revenues. Using the same 31% operating margin, we apply Alphabet's 19% effective tax rate (3 year average), to arrive at:

Which puts Google on revenue of $99.7 billion, precisely equal to total cash and investments (a coincidence Page and Brin would presumably love?), and a net earnings run-rate of $24.6 billion - for an ex-cash 20.2 earnings multiple (remember, this is after stock-based compensation expense).

Unfortunately, we essentially face the same accounting issue here. After centuries of accounting for purely tangible assets and value creation, the accounting profession still refuses to properly appreciate the fact intangible assets have been responsible over the last 50-100 years for an ever-expanding slice of the pie, in terms of economic and corporate value-creation. [Haven't come across a copy yet, but I suspect 'The End of Accounting' is the best read going on this entire topic]. So the vast majority of corporate research and development/intangible asset expenditure continues to be treated as expense, not an investment. Which has its pros and cons: Investors mostly adjust accordingly (that is, they reverse out some or even all of this intangible expense), which explains why intellectual property companies (as in technology, media, pharmaceuticals, etc.) often trade on steep earnings multiples versus the rest of the market. But occasionally, in certain sectors and/or companies, investors seem to lose sight of this earnings suppression - which can throw up some real bargains.

I tend to split the difference by adding-back half a company's intangible expenditures (excluding acquisition-related investment), or possibly two thirds if it has a strong record of innovation and value-creation, to arrive at a more sensible underlying earnings number. Obviously, some R&D/intangibles will never have value, much will have value only for a year or two, but some may turn out to have enduring value for decades to come - my implied amortization, over 2-3 years, seems more appropriate (or maybe even conservative). Again, I enjoy the potential future benefit of all intangible expenditure expensed to date (though bearing in mind some future revenue and earnings decline may occur as historic intangible investment no longer supports or contributes any value).

In this instance, Laszlo Bock's 'Work Rules!' inspired me (far more than Schmidt's 'How Google Works'). Google's famous '20% time' may no longer exist, but as Bock says, that doesn't really matter 'as long as the idea of it exists'. I'll certainly run with that - employees may no longer literally carve out a day each week to mess around with stuff, but Google obviously remains committed to huge investment in its core business, continually ranking and allocating more (or less) resources to products and services which are often still pre-revenue, margin-free, or even plain old loss-making. [YouTube is a prime example - it is, by far, the largest streaming business globally (over 1 billion users per month), but appears to be only in the early innings now of generating revenue, let alone margins. As Google's CEO Sundar Pichai recently stated, 'we believe [it's] only begun to scratch the surface'].

And so, if we treat 20% of operating expense (on average) as intangible investment, we're talking about $13.9 billion. [Disagree with this approach? Note Alphabet's current R&D run-rate is probably about $2 billion higher at $15.7 billion (an average 15.6% of revenue over the last 3 years)]. Then if we back out two thirds of this expense (net), we have:

We arrive at a far more accurate picture of Google's underlying earning power - a 40% adjusted operating margin, and adjusted net income of $32.1 billion, which puts Google trading on an adjusted/ex-cash 15.5 earnings multiple (again, this is after stock-based compensation expense). Which I think is an astonishingly cheap multiple for Alphabet's core business (which still represents over 99% of consolidated revenue), in light of its consistent 22% pa (constant currency) revenue growth in the last 5 years, and its obvious future revenue/earnings potential.

For a minute, compare Google's trajectory to that of Unilever. Now consider this fascinating Lindsell Train analysis (published prior to the Kraft Heinz bid): Investors appear to vastly underestimate the value of consistent compounding - one could have paid a 46 P/E for Unilever 20 years ago, and still have achieved market returns since!

The lesson, of course, is not to focus unduly on the current multiple, or even your fair value estimate - your primary focus should always be on the potential for consistent compounding. Which means getting comfortable with the depth and width of Alphabet's economic moat. Applying one of Buffett's favorite tests is a great place to start:

If I gave you $10s of billions, or maybe even $100 billion, could you take on and beat Google's leading global position in Search?

Google's global share in desktop search is an astonishing 81% - the rest just exist because of China, purchased access/market share deals, and user inertia. Mobile search offers no such places to hide, hence Google's share is a truly astounding 96%. Also being globally dominant in desktop browsers (Chrome, 59%), and mobile operating systems (Android, 67%) have helped protect and grow Google's position. Do you really want to take on that kind of dominance? OK, well it's not just the money, where do you get the people - they probably already work for Google, and a larger compensation package in a brand new search company probably won't entice them. And even if you scrape together a team, what exactly are you going to build from the ground up? What data, queries, etc. are you going to use to help build, test, and improve your search engine? How exactly will you map and access the entire web to feed the beast? How do you plan to roll it out in over 100 different languages? And if somewhere years down the road you're finally ready to go live, how do you actually intend to attract even a small slice of all those captive Google search users?

Wait, I have one more question: What do you think Google was doing while you were holed up in your office for the last few years? Resting on its laurels? I think not. Oh, and did I mention:

'Google' is also a verb.

OK, why not give the money back, eh?

And who better than Charlie Munger to remind us:

'Google has a huge new moat. In fact I've probably never seen such a wide moat.'

That's the beauty of search - its format may change, but the need for search doesn't. In fact, it's fueled by population growth, expanding access to the internet, the continued migration online (and the decline of TV and newspapers), and in turn to mobile and smartphones, and most of all the iterative human addiction for more and more info, answers, and entertainment. Not to mention the network effect of search itself - more searches will produce better searches which produce more searches. [And the same is true of machine learning - the more data, the more input, the more variety, the better the learning - Google's current search remit gives it a huge edge on its potential rivals who are perhaps working with much more specialized data sets/universe.]

Google has built an advertising colossus on the back of this search engine dominance and user growth. Together, Google and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) now control about two thirds of the digital advertising market, and are essentially sharing all new growth between them. Of course, this is nowhere near being a mature market, with old media still hanging on grimly to a totally disproportionate share of advertising (versus consumers' actual viewing and consumption habits today), mainly due to corporate and ad agency inertia. Which adds another huge tailwind of growth, compounded by the explosion in mobile advertising in just the last few years. There's also a land-grab element to all this: People wring the hands over declining costs-per-click, but that's only natural (and obviously more than offset by clicks paid growth) - increasing the digital advertising pie, and grabbing as large a slice of the pie as possible is what really matters now. And when that finishes, I guarantee you'll see a very different pricing scenario emerge for advertisers.

Then longer term, there's a whole other land-grab ahead: Alphabet's US revenues still represent 47% of total revenues, about double the US share of world GDP - that would suggest huge long term upside growth potential in digital advertising revenues across the rest of the OECD, and particularly in emerging and frontier markets (which are now leap-frogging straight into the digital/smartphone age). Of course, another reason for this is Alphabet's virtual absence from China - a huge untapped opportunity that potentially awaits - if Google was any other company in the world, i.e. just a little bit more evil, they'd buy Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) first thing tomorrow morning & justify it (to China - I suspect all other stakeholders would love the deal, or simply not care) as a stand-alone non-integrated acquisition.

Of course, the same story is now unfolding with YouTube. People marvel at the latest user numbers from Spotify and Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX), but they're totally dwarfed by YouTube's 1 billion plus users, to which it's only recently started to roll out channels, studio-based shows and original content, YouTube Red, Live TV, etc. If you want to target Millennials, or Gen Z, they aren't watching regular TV, and they certainly aren't reading newspapers - the killer app is now video. And, of course, video ads. On your smartphone. Again, I'll highlight this Barron's piece on YouTube - the numbers are really astonishing - but looking at some of the valuations already out there in the market, I can't necessarily disagree YouTube (plus Google Cloud, and possibly other units too) would likely get valued at significantly higher sales multiples than Alphabet currently commands.

In the past, this may have been academic, but now Alphabet has a holding company structure (and also a top Wall Street CFO) that's specifically designed to focus on capital allocation and to empower its units to actually innovate, thrive, and grow as independent entrepreneurial businesses, ideally on a stand-alone basis. And as they grow bigger, and/or head in different directions, Alphabet doesn't necessarily have to grow (or abandon) them any longer - at times, it may make far more sense, in terms of strategy or valuation, to sell or actually spin them off as listed entities (ideally, as unicorns and decacorns!).

And looking ahead, while I still have my doubts whether Alphabet will embrace a step-change in its acquisition strategy (that is, target listed and much larger companies), I'm not sure it matters. We're now getting closer and closer to an always-on world - where computing genuinely does become a utility, like electricity. Almost all of the Google bets and Other Bets are stitching together the potential to provide cloud-based, always connected (via car, mobile, Wi-Fi, Internet of Things), artificial intelligence and machine learning (and even augmented and virtual reality).

For the world, that means universal simultaneous voice translation. For individuals, it means entertainment, education, and personalised assistants. And for corporates, it means predictive data analytics, and cyber-security. Linked to all of this, we have Alphabet's huge moonshot initiatives in autonomous driving, health and life sciences, and the wired home. [Education is the obvious missing moonshot - OK, now there's an acquisition opportunity!] And while I think Google's presided over the most valuable artificial intelligence the world's ever known (forget the actual advertising revenues and benefits, think of the incredible time savings and other benefits the human race derives from search itself every single day!?), I suspect its DeepMind acquisition could eventually prove hugely valuable too. [And the mind boggles if they can also bring quantum computing into the equation].

OK, that's about enough future fun and frolics - now let's pull together a fair value estimate for Alphabet. I promise it'll be painless, all the building blocks are now in place. We already have $100 billion of cash and investments. And we're treating Other Bets losses as venture capital investment (and ignoring all related revenue, losses, and assets). Which only leaves Google - here, I'll average two separate approaches: A growth-based P/E valuation, and a more static and mature P/S valuation.

i) Google has delivered 18% pa operating income growth over the last 5 years, despite significant FX headwinds. I'm pretty confident its economic moat is deep and wide, and its growth prospects over the next few years are as just as good, if not better. You can do the math, look at some of the market multiples, review that Unilever analysis again, but you know that a 30-40 P/E could just as easily be justified (or actually attained, in due course). Stick-in-the-mud I am, I'll limit myself here to a 20.0 P/E fair value multiple, based on the $32 billion adjusted net income I derived above (though I'll assure you, I don't consider that an actual exit multiple).

ii) Mature operating margins of 50-60% plus for Google's core business wouldn't surprise me in the least, but let's stick to the 40% adjusted operating margin I identified above. Which deserves a 5.0 P/S fair value multiple - again, I believe I'm being pretty conservative, in light of some of the market multiples out there for similar high margin (and many lower margin) companies. Obviously, a more mature Google could harness substantial debt capacity cheaply, with essentially zero impact on its market valuation - to fund buybacks, acquisitions, etc. - therefore, let's incorporate some of that capacity into our valuation. To better reflect actual cash flows, this time we'll reference Google's 31% GAAP operating margin: The company could add $91 billion of debt, and comfortably maintain 6.7 times interest coverage (assuming a 5% long-term interest rate) - as usual, I'll apply a conservative 50% haircut & deduct current outstanding debt of $3.9 billion, to arrive at a $42 billion debt capacity adjustment. And so, putting it all together:

$99.7 Billion Cash and Investments + $0 Other Bets + ($99.7 Billion Run-Rate Revenue * 5.0 P/S + $41.7 Billion Debt Adjustment + $32.1 Billion Adjusted Net Income * 20.0 P/E) / 2 = $691 Billion / 688 Million Shares = $1,003.87 Fair Value per Share

Rounding, that's a $1,004 Fair Value per Share, and an Upside Potential of 16%.

Which might seem insane - we've come all this way for 16%?! But again, this fair value estimate is a much less important component of any analysis and investment - it's all about Alphabet's ability to continue growing revenue, and to compound earnings and value. Now, sure, I could map out a 'precise' growth trajectory for Alphabet over the next five years, and a future target share price, but that only offers up a hostage to fortune. And anyway, anybody who wants to buy the shares needs to ponder this trajectory for themselves. Suffice to say, in the next few years, I believe Alphabet will be a compelling investment opportunity under most scenarios. To reference Buffett, you can't buy a great business cheap, but my fair value estimate and upside are a reminder you can occasionally buy a great business at a fair price!

Investors can choose from the Class A shares (GOOGL:US) which have 1 vote per share, and trade at a 2.5% premium (close to the average 2.4% premium since 2014), or the Class C shares (GOOG:US) which have no vote. Some will simply opt for the C shares, and never worry about a premium - fortunately, further share buybacks will target C shares, but conversely they're also Alphabet's future currency for employee compensation and potential acquisitions. As for the A shares, some will argue their votes have no incremental value, since Page, Brin, and Schmidt still have majority control, via the super-voting power of their unlisted B shares. But if you think a dual-share structure is a bit evil, just a touch more evil could see significantly different values attached to each share class in some value-realization event. Then again, what are the chances of such an event? In all likelihood, the outcome for an A shareholder probably isn't any different than a C shareholder - at some point, they eventually sell their shares in the open market, at much the same premium.

As for the charts, they both tell the same message: See here and here. Alphabet shares appear to trace a pattern over the years, alternating between distinct consolidation and rally phases, often lasting 1-2 years at a time. And in terms of that timing, and the current share price, we may be on the verge of a critical departure right now - the shares are currently breaking out to new all-time daily and closing highs. If we do actually see a sustained break higher, I wouldn't be at all surprised to see a $1,000 plus share price melt-up from here, in short order.

I now have an 8.5% portfolio holding in Alphabet Inc., and I specifically own the Class A shares (GOOGL:US).

Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL:US): $868.39 per A Share

Market Cap: $598 Billion

GAAP P/E Ratio: 31.2

Non-GAAP P/E Ratio: 25.3

P/S Ratio: 6.6

Ex-Cash P/S Ratio: 5.5

Target Fair Value: $1,003.87 per Share

Target Market Cap: $691 Billion

Upside Potential: 16% Insider Trading Activity Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)   CEO Sold 4000 shares of ... Insider Trading Activity For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Sundar Pichai , CEO of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) reportedly Sold 4,000 shares of the company s stock at an average price of 849.5 for a total transaction amount of $3,398,000.00 SEC Form

Insider Trading History For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

On 8/13/2012 Kavitark Ram Shriram, Director, sold 50,200 with an average share price of $650.10 per share and the total transaction amounting to $32,635,020.00. View SEC Filing

On 10/8/2012 Lawrence Page, CEO, sold 20,833 with an average share price of $757.34 per share and the total transaction amounting to $15,777,664.22. View SEC Filing

On 11/14/2012 Lawrence Page, CEO, sold 27,778 with an average share price of $656.16 per share and the total transaction amounting to $18,226,812.48. View SEC Filing

On 11/27/2012 Eric E Schmidt, Chairman, sold 9,631 with an average share price of $670.79 per share and the total transaction amounting to $6,460,378.49. View SEC Filing

On 12/24/2012 Eric E Schmidt, Chairman, sold 24,250 with an average share price of $709.98 per share and the total transaction amounting to $17,217,015.00. View SEC Filing

On 12/26/2012 Eric E Schmidt, Chairman, sold 3,625 with an average share price of $708.43 per share and the total transaction amounting to $2,568,058.75. View SEC Filing

On 12/27/2012 Eric E Schmidt, Chairman, sold 47,250 with an average share price of $704.45 per share and the total transaction amounting to $33,285,262.50. View SEC Filing

Analyst Ratings For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

These are 1 Sell Rating, 2 Hold Ratings, 40 Buy Ratings .

The current consensus rating for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) is Buy (Score: 2.91) with a consensus target price of $962.31 , a potential (12.93% upside)

Analyst Ratings History For Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

On 3/23/2016 Rosenblatt Securities Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $900.00

On 5/20/2016 Bank of America Corp Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $925.00

On 6/8/2016 Maxim Group Reiterated Rating Overweight with a price target of $865.00 to $850.00

On 7/6/2016 Longbow Research Initiated Coverage of rating Buy

On 7/12/2016 Pivotal Research Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $970.00 to $1,000.00

On 7/29/2016 Sanford C. Bernstein Set Price Target of rating Buy with a price target of $950.00

On 7/31/2016 Axiom Securities Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $970.00 to $990.00

About Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Alphabet Inc. is a holding company. The Company s businesses include Google Inc. (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. The Google segment is engaged in advertising, sales of digital content, applications and cloud offerings, and sales of hardware products. The Other Bets segment is engaged in the sales of Internet and television services through Google Fiber, sales of Nest products and services, and licensing and research and development (R&D) services through Verily. It offers Google Assistant, which allows users to type or talk with Google; Google Maps, which helps users navigate to a store, and Google Photos, which helps users store and organize all of their photos.

Recent Trading Activity for Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG)

Shares of Alphabet Inc closed the previous trading session at 852.12 up +3.34 0.39% with 1,712,266 shares trading hands.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 
2017-01-21
Here's Why Alphabet Inc Is Still The Real Driverless Car Leader From Tony Daltorio : One of the big draws at the recent annual Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas was the automakers showing off their latest driverless car technologies.

Behind all the hoopla, however, was one inescapable fact . . .

Carlos Ghosn, the CEO of Renault (OTC:RNLSY) and Nissan (OTC:NSANY), put it best:  There are still some problems to be solved.  He believes it will be two or three years before the technology is advanced enough for those vehicles to operate safely on the roads.

Ghosn was talking about level 3 vehicles according to a classification system devised by the Society of Automotive Engineers. Level 4 and level 5 automated vehicles are even further out. For a look at the SAE s levels of driving automation, see the graphic below.

A level 3 car designed for drivers to take their hands off the wheel and eyes off the road   for extended periods of time   is promised by Audi (owned by Volkswagen) to be out later in 2017.

But what about vehicles from Silicon Valley?

Waymo: Ahead of Rivals



The foremost player here is Waymo, the autonomous car company owned by Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOGL).

At the recent annual Detroit Auto Show, Waymo revealed it had built all of its self-driving sensor hardware itself. This puts the company ahead of rivals such as Uber in the race to perfect driverless vehicle technology.

John Krafcik, the CEO of Waymo, said this signaled an  inflection point  for the company,as this will dramatically reduce the cost (possibly up to 90%) of its autonomous vehicles. That is certainly an important step in the move toward commercialization of such vehicles.

Krafcik added that building the hardware and software together was crucial in improving accuracy. Or in other words, safety.

This is not good news for all the auto parts providers that were looking to cash in on autonomous vehicles. This includes the likes of Mobileye (NYSE:MBLY) and Delphi Automotive (NYSE: DLPH).

It s a win-win scenario. Alphabet won t have to get into car making business and automakers could just plug in Waymo technology into its vehicles without spending a penny for the platform s development.

Smart Moves by Waymo



There is one other reason I like Waymo s approach to autonomous vehicles.

It says that its vehicles will be unplugged from the internet for the majority of time, lowering the chances of these vehicles being hacked.

CEO Krafcik told the Financial Times,  Our cars communicate with the outside world only when they need to, so there isn t a continuous line that s able to be hacked, going into the car. 

Hacking risks rise as more and more sophisticated and connected technology is put into our cars. Once hackers get in via an internet connection   such as a connected radio   they can then take control of critical functions like steering or braking.

Over the past few years, automakers including General Motors (NYSE:GM), Ford Motor (NYSE:F), Toyota Motor (NYSE:TM) and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (NYSE:FCAU) have all reported car hacking vulnerabilities to varying degrees.

This shouldn t come as a shock   these firms are not technology companies, they are car makers.

A three-year study from cyber security company IOActive found that more than half of car components had  flaws  that could be exploited by hackers to control parts of a vehicle s key functions.

The leader of the research, Corey Thuen, said  Every system or component that we tested had at least one vulnerability.  That is scary!

Especially if one considers that some automakers like BMW (OTC:BMWYY) has said that 5G networks will be essential because its vehicles will need to transmit data constantly and communicate with other vehicles.

Alphabet s Waymo cars doesn t require communications infrastructure. They are intended to be nearly completely self-reliant. Its vehicles will only have to open a link to the cloud to send or receive pertinent information such as traffic reports.

That seems the safer route to me than the approach of others in building self-driving cars. This is just another reason to own Alphabet for the long-term.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) closed at $828.17 on Friday, up $3.80 (+0.46%). Year-to-date, GOOGL has gained 4.51%, versus a 1.44% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Wyatt Investment Research. Alphabet Just Beginning To Monetize Its Ventures While Trading At A Discount Its strong cash balance in combination with its venture-capital arm is not reflected in its P/E, allowing a price less than the market multiple for Google division.

*For simplicity purposes, I reference the ticker GOOG as the Class C stock throughout the report, which is priced at about $806 as of 1/18/2017. The fundamental valuation principles and investment thesis still apply in the same way as Class A stock.

Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is a long opportunity capable of generating high shareholder returns over the next 12 to 18 months as well as for the long term. The company's stock is currently trading at a slightly lower price relative to its own historic level and compared to its peers, priced at LTM P/E of 29.3x versus 10-year median of 31.3x for GOOG and current median of 49x for its peers (see the full list in the later section). Although the valuations for these information technology (IT) firms are overpriced in comparison to 17.07x LTM P/E for S&P 500 IT sector index, the market is not realizing its potential growth opportunities in the coming years, as reflected in GOOG's current price level. GOOG's competitive moat and fundamental value proposition remain intact, and the stock is very susceptible to significant increase in price via catalysts such as the next earnings call.

Company Overview

Ever since Larry Page and Sergey Brin founded the company, GOOG was able to grow at an exponential rate due to two primary factors: the management capability and open-source platform of the business. At the center of all innovations that took place within GOOG lies the key leaders who took an unconventional approach to developing the business. For instance, GOOG's search engine became the world's best by pursuing one of its ten commandments "focus on the user and all else will follow." Page and Brin followed this principle by rejecting offers from its competitors from displaying ads on its main search page because doing so would distract users from searching what they were looking for. They also decided to make its main page a blank white background with only the search box in the middle in order to increase the efficiency in which users would be immediately be directed out of the search page and be led to the page they were looking for. The strong focus on improving the user experience by the management is what resulted in value creation.

In conjunction with the management's extraordinary ability to innovate, GOOG was able to expand its user base at an astonishing rate due to the open-source platform (free-of-cost services/products), which created network effect (as the number of users increases, the value of individual interaction with the search engine increases). The effect is due to the search algorithm where user's input is used to generate results. Since the outcome is a function of user input, the relevancy and accuracy of the results page will only improve as more users are involved in the process. The open-source platform allows the network effect to be prevalent in every aspect of the business, including Gmail, Google Maps and Google Chrome. The firm is able to gather tremendous amounts of data about its users while increasing its user base at the same time, creating numerous monetization opportunities such as advertising.

GOOG's business segments are broken down to two parts: Google and Other Bets. Under Google lies profitable divisions such as YouTube while Other Bets has long-term so-called moonshot ventures that include driverless cars and artificial intelligence. This portfolio structure makes GOOG a very attractive investment in both short- and long-term horizons because not only the ad sales at its primary business is growing at an impressive pace of 21% YoY despite its Q3 revenue size of $21.5B but also its Other Bets segment is setting up the stage for future disruption as well. Thus, GOOG poses opportunity for profits in both near and future years.

What Happened

GOOG has underperformed the S&P 500 during 2016 (6.3% return vs. 11.1%, respectively). Although its stock appreciated, the momentum was subdued. The story over the past two years since its restructuring has been weaker than expected results for Q1 earnings 2016. It posted $7.5/share on $20.26B in revenue versus analyst estimates of $7.97/share and $20.37B in revenue, polled by Thomson Reuters. This was partially due to lower cost per click. The transition into mobile screens from PCs resulted in decreasing cost per click.

More than expected capital expenditures on the firm's Other Bets segment also caused a recent selloff in the stock as investors became cautious about the moonshot projects that are generating large losses. The capex for the "Other Bets" division amounted to $280M in Q3, about a 50% increase from the previous quarter, most of which came from the Google Fiber project. However, GOOG is going through initiatives to scale back some of these projects, which will be discussed in the later section.

The estimates for Traffic-Acquisition-Costs (TAC) has been growing as well. Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat explained the narrowing margins were the result of higher TAC. For Q3, the street estimate for TAC was $4B before the Q3 release and the actual amount was $4.2B.

The recent macroeconomic events have also played their part in suppressing the valuation such as Trump's remarks on increased oversight on the tech firms' activities in terms of job creation and EU antitrust lawsuits.

These factors together have limited the company's market price in recent years as well as EPS growth outlook for short-term and long-term forecasts. GOOG is currently trading at 29.3x LTM PE vs a 20-year median of 31.3x, and 1.54x multiple of S&P 500's LTM P/E vs. a 20-year median of 1.83. Based on both historical standards and the S&P 500 valuation, GOOG is seen as a growth stock that is trading at a fair price with more than 54% upside potential.

Catalysts

The following catalysts will boost the company's price to its intrinsic value, well above the current valuation. In a worst case scenario, the company at its current price level is fairly valued, resulting in a wide margin of safety and minimal downside risk. Based on the company's diversified portfolio of investments in different areas of technology, its current valuation reflects the overblown fears by investors in response to recent events that do not have meaningful impact on the firm's fundamental business model.

1) Q4 Earnings Exceeding Expectations Through Hardware Business

The current market price does not reflect better-than-expected hardware sales during Q4. Google released its first ever smartphone designed by the firm during Q4 and the product was well received by the consumers. During Q4, Alphabet sold 552k Pixel phones at $700 a unit for revenue of $386M, which could add about $1.8B sales for 2017E, according to research by Goldman Sachs. Furthermore, Google Home sales are another contributing factor to the optimistic outlook for Q4 earnings results, selling more than 500k devices at around $129 each for a predicted revenue of $65M. Although the estimated margins on these devices are tighter due to the capital expenditure required to initially drive the manufacturing and distribution processes, the profits from hardware sales will flow to the bottom line as Google realizes economies of scale with larger production volume.

The introduction of new products will not only drive the price upwards for Q4 but also create a stronger ecosystem as well as network effect as mentioned earlier in the report. Thus far, Google has been focusing on providing an open platform for its users in hopes to enhance the user experience. The free-of-charge applications such as Gmail, Google Maps and YouTube allowed the company to exponentially increase its user base and collect as much user information as possible. Now with more than 1 billion monthly users across its open platform services, Google has enough data about its users such as their search patterns, popular destinations and contact lists within their Gmail or Google accounts. The company can deliver ever more efficient services as it integrates these collected data into Pixel and Google Home. For instance, as the smartphone keeps track of the user's location, it can send the information to Google Home beforehand so that it will know when to start boiling a cup of hot tea. Similarly, as more consumers utilize these products, the accuracy of applications such as Google Maps and Google Search will only get better, strengthening the network effect.

Aside from hardware business, Google Play and Google Cloud Platform offerings will also contribute to earnings as they gain material cloud share from AMZN's AWS.

2) Monetization Efforts along With Continued User Base Growth

The key investment thesis in Alphabet is that the company has numerous monetization opportunities under its umbrella of businesses. First, it could be making more money off of YouTube by charging for service through a subscription-based model or loading it up with ads. Rather than trying to monetize its viewership to its fullest extent right now, Alphabet is allowing it to grow (currently monthly viwers exceed 1B users). Some say if its viewership was to be monetized, YouTube could be worth as much as $300/share and right now investors are paying almost nothing for it. Recently, Google rolled out a paid subscription service called YouTube Red, which allows consumers to pay for ad-free peace when watching YouTube videos. This is a step for Google towards monetizing YouTube, potentially having significant accretive impact on its earnings.

Google's second monetization opportunity is its Google Maps. The company began to place relevant ads on Google Maps both within its search results list and on the map with a purple icon. It is aimed at increasing visibility of businesses at "micro-moment" with passive in-map suggestions of relevant stores, local inventory search, or in-store promotions. Just like YouTube, Google Maps also has a tremendous user base with high-precision accuracy of location search. The quality of service will not be compromised by advertisements because the application has already created a lasting network effect. Likewise, the relevancy of the ad will only improve as the user base grows. The app presents a solid foundation for a cash-generating machine in the near-term future.

Lastly, the firm's core search business is expanding its breadth of advertising platform. It is now applying Expanded Text Ads and Individual Bid Adjustments in its search advertising business in order to maximize profits from the service. Due to tremendous amount of paid-clicks on these advertisements, Google will be able to take a sizeable proceeds from these expanded ad efforts.

The monetization gap will get narrower as the gap between the total time spent on media and U.S. mobile's share of overall ad budgets continue to tighten. In 2015, U.S. consumers spent 24.0% of media time on mobile, according to eMarketer, compared to mobile's 12.6% share of total U.S. media ad budget spent, according to Magna Global. In 2016, consumers spent 25.7% of their total media time on mobile devices while mobile's share of allocated ad budgets was 18.2%. The trends in increasing time spent on mobile devices as well as higher allocation of media budget on mobile illustrate the market for media ad on mobile platform is getting bigger. For CY16, the online advertising market is on track to increase by $26bn. This creates even greater monetization prospects for Alphabet.

3) Undervalued Market Price and Solid Financial Position

Alphabet is trading at a bargain at current market price. It has a net cash balance of about $120 per share which is not reflected in its P/E multiple. It also has the venture-capital arm that has yielded losses in the past 12 months, driving down the reported net income by about $4/share. With a P/E multiple of 28x, you are paying a negative $100 for venture-capital division, which includes the moonshot ventures such as driverless cars and artificial intelligence.

So take $800 per share market price, deduct the value for YouTube and the cash balance, and then add the venture-cap losses back to the reported earnings. Adjusting for these three factors, you are paying a very cheap price for just the Google division.

The earnings estimates reflected in the market price are also relatively conservative. The current consensus EPS for the fourth quarter is $9.64/share and sales estimate of $20.5B (Net of TAC). The estimates are based on conservative assumptions, 11.5% QoQ growth rate for Google Websites ad revenue versus 14.1% growth last year in the same quarter. The consensus also assumes higher TAC to Google Network Members, 70.4% compared to 70.1% last quarter. Assuming higher SG&A expenses related to Pixel and Google Home marketing efforts as mentioned by management during Q3 earnings call, the gross margin is assumed to be 61.7% and operating margin of 25.6% for Q4. The estimated margins are lower than the previous quarters which have averaged about 63% and 26.5%, respectively.

Along with the underappreciated stock value, Alphabet has an extremely healthy balance sheet that is able to not only support growth in hardware sales through infrastructure spending but also drive shareholder-friendly capital allocation policies. With a cash balance of $83B and total debt of $4B, the company is able to put its cash to work through a series of acquisitions, a share repurchase or a special dividend, all of which would benefit shareholders in the long term.

In addition to the strong cash balance, GOOG is most likely to sell part of its moonshot ventures and receive proceeds in additional cash. GOOG announced on 1/13/17 that it is shutting down the drone project known as Project Titan as well as the Google Fiber project, which attempts to deliver high-speed internet via fiber-optic cables. It is also selling its satellite business to a startup called Planet Labs Inc. These sell-offs will limit the losses created by the divisions and free up some capital to pursue other more optimistic moonshot initiatives like Project Loon, Project Wing, AI, and self-driving technology. I believe such a move is an efficient allocation of capital into investments that have better prospects of coming through, just as GE did with its numerous subsidiaries. The disciplinary actions relating to capital allocation seem very appropriate for GOOG's balance sheet and will add value to the firm in the long term.

Valuation

As mentioned previously, GOOG has been trading at a relatively cheap valuation compared to its peers like Facebook (NASDAQ:FB).

The below table uses NTM valuations since the market is pricing GOOG based on its future earnings and what the investors are expecting in the coming months. Both NTM P/sales and NTM P/E for GOOG are on the lower end of the valuation spectrum relative to the universe of tech firms.

However, GOOG is an unconventional company that is constantly introducing disruptive technologies. Thus, some would argue that it is inappropriate to compare its valuation to competitors but rather look at the company on its own.

Below is a breakdown on GOOG valuation based on three different scenarios over the next few years:

Bear Case

2017E Net Income: $22.7B

P/E: 23.3x

Market Cap: $528.9B

Shares Outstanding: 690M

Stock Price (Upside/Downside): $766.54 (-4.2%)

This scenario assumes GOOG's earnings will fall short relative to the consensus estimate ($23.0B). I assumed higher SG&A expenses than expected related to the Pixel and Google Home marketing costs and growing competition from Facebook over digital ads that may lead to slower growth in Google ad revenue. I also assumed P/E multiple much below the current LTM 29.3x.

Base Case

2017E Net Income: $23.9B

P/E: 28.3x

Market Cap: $676.37B

Shares Outstanding: 690M

Stock Price (Upside/Downside): $980.25 (22.5%)

This assumes a conservative case where GOOG net income will exceed expectations while its P/E increasing to a higher multiple toward the median trading P/E of its peers at the current market level. As investors realize the growth potential through YouTube, monetization opportunities in Google Maps and hardware sales, the P/E will increase significantly.

Bull Case

2017E Net income: $24.6B

P/E: 33.7x

Market Cap: $829.0B

Shares Outstanding: 690M

Stock Price/Upside: $1,201.48 (50.2%)

This case assumes GOOG to continue building on its core search business while getting more efficient in TAC and SG&A expenses. Other growth prospects come from YouTube subscription based business and increasing investments into Cloud. Numerous investments allow ample room for opportunities to capture market share in different industries. P/E of 33.4x is appropriate considering the growth potential, huge piles of cash and the negative valuation put on its Other Bets division.

Based on its 2017E net income, the return on invested capital (ROIC), the returns from the capital put into future working capital, PP&E, goodwill, and other intangible assets, would improve in comparison to its three-year historical average of 28.9%.

Risks

What could go wrong:

1) As media time is spent more on mobile rather than desktops, revenue from ads may decelerate due to the nature of smaller displays.

2) The monetization on next major revenue drivers - cloud, hardware, and Maps - may not materialize

3) EU antitrust lawsuits posing greater regulatory risk around Android, Adsense and Shopping. This increases potential for more scrutiny over GOOG's operations in Europe.

Conclusion

I believe that the market is offering investors a very attractive opportunity to allocate their capital in GOOG at a cheap multiple. As Warren Buffett once quoted, "it's far better to buy a wonderful company at a fair price than a fair company at a wonderful price." GOOG is not only a wonderful company but also trades at an attractive price point. The company will be able to expand its loyal base of users and generate total shareholder returns of 11.5% over the short term. At 25-27x 2017E P/E multiple, GOOG's intrinsic price would be trading at around $833.16-897.47, about 10% above the current levels. Most of the risks surrounding the company have disappeared post shut downs on capex-heavy projects like Project Titan and the firm continues to increase its earnings despite growing competition.

A few remarks on GOOG. Google is now at a turning point where it could turn into even larger cash generating machine as it starts to monetize on its array of businesses. I believe these initiatives are most likely driven by earnings-conscious CFO, Ruth Porat, who joined the firm in 2015. I see her role within the company as the next cash flow booster in the firm's growth stages. She is making efforts to cut costs and generate cash flows in wherever possible, thus transitioning the company from a somewhat experimental, premature organization into a cost-efficient, free cash flow generating holdings company. That is not to say that the firm is compromising any of its business qualities or innovations taking place within its umbrella. Sergey Brin, Larry Page and Eric Schmidt continue to have the majority of the voting rights and they will constantly push towards establishing disruptive technologies in order to put Alphabet at the forefront of innovation. Thus, addition of Ruth Porat as CEO and other impactful leaders to the management are positive factors of growth in the long term.

I view investing in GOOG as a long-term commitment and it is also a bet on its management. There will inevitably be a few bumps along the way but a major part of my investment thesis is the management's capability to handle those tough situations. Historically, the leaders at GOOG have proved their core values through the "Ten commandments." They decided not to expand their business in China, for instance, in order to stick to those principles. I view this characteristic of the management as a key factor in pushing the firm towards retaining its fundamental value proposition.

Disclosure: I am/we are long GOOG.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2017-02-10
Alphabet Inc. Takes Another Shot at Amazon With Home Control Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) Google Home connected speaker takes on Amazon.com, Inc. s (NASDAQ: AMZN ) Alexa on its home turf. But what about Google s big advantage over Amazon in the smart home war   all those smartphones?

Source: Google

The company has just begun rolling out Home Control, a new feature that lets Google Assistant control smart home devices by voice.

However, at this point, Home Control   like Google Assistant   remains a feature that s exclusive to Google s own Pixel Phones.

The Battle for the Smart Home

Google Home is a connected speaker with Google Assistant baked in. Owners can use Google Assistant on the speaker to answer questions, find music and control a growing number of smart home devices using their voice only.

The device is GOOGL s answer to the Amazon Echo. Amazon s Alexa-enabled speaker has been a surprise hit and allowed Amazon to take a big lead in the race to become the smart home hub   despite the distinct disadvantage of lacking a smartphone platform to host its digital assistant.

Google has Google Now and the new Google Assistant, while Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) has Siri. Between them, the two companies have billions of mobile devices in consumers  hands, yet Amazon still managed to leapfrog them with its personal assistant hosted in a speaker, to build an impressive smart home lead.

Apple s Siri can control HomeKit-compatible smart home devices using voice commands, and now GOOGL is rolling out a similar feature for its Google Assistant, Home Control.

Home Control

Google s new feature for voice control of smart devices isn t actually new. Anyone who owns both a Pixel Phone and a Google Home speaker already had a Home Control setting on their smartphone.

However, as of yesterday, GOOGL has begun to roll out Home Control to all Google Assistant users. This amounts to all Pixel Phone owners, since Google Assistant remains an exclusive that third-party Android smartphones don t get.

With Home Control, someone with a Pixel Phone gets the same voice control ability for smart devices they would have if they owned a Google Home speaker. They can use voice commands on their phone to change the temperature on their Nest Learning Thermostat or turn off the smart lighting in the room they just left.

The Battle for the Smart Home Enters a New Phase (Sort of)

At the start of this fight to be the company that becomes the hub of the smart home   the one who controls all those smart devices   the smartphone was it.

Next Page Vanguard Group reports 6.49 pct passive stake in Alphabet Inc as of Dec. 31  
2017-01-09
Alphabet: Gearing Up For New Highs  Is Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Becoming A Threat To Alphabet Inc (GOOGL)? Is AMZN Stock A Better Bet Than GOOGL Stock In 2017?

In 2016, GOOGL stock only managed to deliver a return of 4.35%, whereas AMZN stock delivered a return of 17.72%.

With its latest ventures, Amazon is eating into Google's territory, and things may get worse for Google.

Can Alphabet Inc fend off Amazon and deliver better returns to shareholders in 2017?

2016 was not a great year for Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and the company's stock price has not moved much in the last twelve months. Although the company generated $17.1B in operating income and $64.2B in revenue through the first nine months of its current fiscal year, the stock only managed to deliver a return of 4.35%, compared to the NASDAQ's 9.79%. That's nowhere near the kind of returns the stock has generated in the past. Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) latest initiatives with Alexa are eating into Google's territory and it appears as if AMZN stock could be a better investment in 2017 than GOOGL Stock. Can Amazon.com, Inc. really dent Alphabet Inc?

Google Losing Out To Amazon In E-Commerce Search

According to a report by BusinessInsider , Amazon is slowly taking a sizeable chunk of Google's search business by becoming the go-to place for e-commerce search. As per the report, "more than half of people start their search for online shopping on Amazon now, while only 26% use search engines like Google as the starting point". Google is a search company, which makes more money when a larger number of people use its search engine. Now by losing market share in e-commerce search, Google is taking a hit on its revenue, as it is primarily dependent on search-advertising to generate revenue. The report gives more details about the trend, but what is more worrying for Google is that its e-commerce search-share has halved in last two years, whereas Amazon has gained drastically in the same period ( see image below). This is a serious concern for Google, and it appears as if things are not going to get any better in future. ( See Also: Alphabet Inc's (GOOGL) Next Growth Cycle Is Closer Than You Think)

Source: Business Insider

Alexa To Conquer Google?

Amazon's Alexa, the personal assistant that was launched with the Amazon Echo smart speaker, was a huge hit at CES 2017. This post describes how delightful Alexa is, and how Echo combined with Alexa is designed to make it easier for you to give more of your money to Amazon. At CES 2017 companies like Ford (NYSE:F), Huawei, LG, as well as a number of startups, all unveiled home appliances, phones, cars, and more gadgets with Alexa integration. Alexa even made an unexpected appearance on Google s Android ecosystem. Chinese smartphone manufacturer Huawei announced that its flagship handset running on Alphabet Inc's Android operating system will come with an app that gives users access to Alexa in the United States.

Amazon Echo has an early lead and plenty of buzz to go with it. The problem here is not that Amazon Echo is the smart speaker to beat for Google Home. There's more to this. There is a belief in the technology industry that such voice-powered digital assistants will replace keyboards and touch-screens as the primary way consumers interact with devices. In the report stated above, analyst Jan Dawson of Jackdaw Research considers that this shift is still in its initial stages, and that Google must move swiftly to make its presence felt in this space, to maintain its dominance in internet search, particularly on Android devices. Quoting him from the above report:

 To the extent that voice becomes more important and something other than Google s voice assistant becomes the most popular voice interface on Android phones, that s a huge loss for Google in terms of data gathering, training its AI (artificial intelligence), and ultimately the ability to drive advertising revenue .

Also Read: Amazon.com, Inc Wins Big, But AMZN Stock Is Facing Strong Resistance

The thing is that the bad part doesn't end here for Google. The more Alexa devices that Amazon and its partners sell, the better Amazon does at its core retail business. It is believed that every Echo owner is a customer who is more likely to spend more on books, groceries, music, and movies on Amazon. But that is not the case with Google. Google can sell as many Google Home devices as it wants, but at the end of the day, Google is a search advertising company, not a retail company, and those Google Home devices aren't delivering ads. We all know Google is better at search than Amazon by a huge margin, and the company can still do a lot more with the data gathered on Home devices. The point is that consumers will be spending less time in front of screens and looking at Google's search ads. No matter how good Google's search ads are, it doesn't matter if people aren't seeing them.

Considering the first point stated in the article too, things are not looking any better for Google, going by the direction things are heading in, in computing space. It seems that Google's vulnerability is becoming Amazon's strength. Alexa's swift rise is making life difficult for Google.

In Summary

Putting all the above factors together it is evident Amazon is gaining in Google's territory. Analysts believe Google's decision to debut its voice assistant exclusively on its own hardware might not have gone well with manufacturers. Given Google's plans to scale it across all other devices, the company needs to rethink its strategy. Sergei Burkov, CEO of Alterra.ai, an artificial intelligence company said " Huge part of an assistant is search. Google is a search company. Amazon is not.  All is not lost for Google, yet, given the strength of its internet search technology, it can certainly catch up with the leader Amazon here. However, a growth investor would be tempted to invest in AMZN stock rather than GOOGL stock in 2017, since Amazon has many things going its way, where as Google has mainly its double-digit revenue growth to boast of. It is also to be noted that Google's Other Bet's have largely shown disappointing results until now which is not the case with Amazon.

Looking for great tech stocks? Check out our top stock picks, which have beaten the NASDAQ by over 109%. Advisory Board Approves 11 DoD Innovation Recommendations  
2017-02-25
Apple Inc. valuation now more than $134 billion greater than Alphabet's Google Shares of Apple are collectively worth $713.96 billion as of today's market close, while the market cap of Alphabet Inc (which includes Google) closed today at $579.15 billion, a difference of $134.81 billion. However, Google's search results still point to year-old stories touting Google briefly surpassing Apple in market cap twice last spring.





Google's old results haven't been accurate for months





Apple valuation up, P/E still very low

The massive over-valution of surveillance based advertising

Facebook's market cap ($389.23 billion) is almost half as large as Apple's despite achieving quarterly revenues that are close to a tenth of Apple's ($78.4 billion)

If you search Google for "apple google valuation," the search giant's primary "featured snippet" answer is supplied from a year old Quartz blog entry by Melvin Backman, who portrayed the event (last February 1) as the "New Normal," rather than a passing moment of irrationality in the market. Apple passed up again Google within a couple weeks of that being written.If you click Google's suggested "People Also Ask" question for "Is Google or Apple worth more?" the answer it gives is derived from an article published by CNBC last May, when Google shares again briefly passed Apple's. However, for most of the past year since, Apple's market cap has hovered about $40 billion on top of Google.This month, Apple's shares jumped significantly following its earnings report from the December quarter, boosted by strong sales of iPhones and Macs, as well as the 18 percent growth of its Services business that's now achieving quarterly revenues of $7.17 billion.The tech media narrative from last year that decried a shrinking smartphone market and imagined a " boring iPhone 7 " helped to suppress Apple's stock price, but that story couldn't withstand the real sales numbers achieved at the release of new iPhones and MacBook Pros, as well as record sales of Apple Watch and Services including App Store sales and Apple Music.Despite the increase in Apple's share price, the company still trades at a Price/Earnings ratio of 16.36, far lower than Google's 29.32. In other words, the market is still putting a much larger valuation on Google's ability to make money than Apple's, despite the fact that Apple continues to earn more money and successfully launch products that Google continues to fail at.That's particularly visible in smartphones with the Google Pixel, which did little for Google nor its hardware partner HTC. But Google has also stumbled in wearables, tablets and laptops, indicating an strong inability to take Apple's business away at will, despite many years and trying many different strategies.Google's $26.06 billion in total revenues during the December quarter (and $5.5 billion in quarterly net income) were significantly lower than Apple's $78.35 billion in quarterly revenues (and $17.89 billion in net income).However, more attention was directed to the idea that Apple earns most of its profits from a single family of products (iPhones) than the fact that virtually all of Google's profits come from surveillance based advertising. That's a market that is not only facing strong competition from players including Facebook, but is also at risk from ad blocking and a general user dissatisfaction with being tracked and sold to advertisers.Apple's $7.17 billion from its Services unit alone approaches the revenue of all of Facebook ($8.81 billion), but Facebook shares trade at a P/E of 38.99, meaning Facebook's market cap ($389.23 billion) is almost half as large as Apple's despite achieving quarterly revenues that are close to a tenth of Apple's ($78.4 billion).Like Google, Facebook also has a business model that depends almost entirely upon ads, and that faces real competition from both the incumbent Google and encroaching new players including Snap. Unlike Apple, Facebook and Google have no entry into the Chinese market, and little potential to enter it.Apple's luxury electronics and proprietary app development platforms are unrivaled on a global level, and Apple is the only company with strong market share in both the U.S. and China, the world's two largest markets for smartphones and related products. 
2017-02-01
Alphabet Inc (GOOGL): The Cheapest $800 Stock I Know Disruption is everywhere. Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) disrupts how we shop, while Airbnb disrupts where we stay. Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA ) disrupts what we drive, and Uber even disrupts whether we drive. If a teen with 2 million Instagram followers can disrupt how billion-dollar businesses find customers, the rest of us need to dive in and start swimming   or at least buy the one stock which has its hands in all of the above: Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ).

Source: Shutterstock

Simply put, GOOGL stock is the most innovative, most disruptive and cheapest $800 equity I know.

Let me explain.

Silicon Valley money manager Michael Moe and his team at GSV Asset Management produce a provocative weekly newsletter dedicated to highlighting where they think the world is going. While doing research for my Bullseye Brief, one of their recent pieces got me thinking about innovation in more tangible terms. The team ranked eight global technology companies based on their involvement across 22 cutting-edge categories. Hands down, Alphabet ranks No. 1, capturing 21 of 22.

Innovation Leaders

Curiously, all eight GSV-highlighted companies have dedicated efforts in the areas of artificial intelligence, big data and cloud services, making these three the Holy Grail of innovation.

The first two come as no surprise, as data gathering and analysis are critical to predicting behavior, enabling companies to target consumers accordingly. Web services, which is now the fastest-growing segment for Amazon, is less obvious but nonetheless a clear indicator these innovators want to get bigger by serving as the backbone for other companies.

This is key, and since Google already commands 49% of the global online advertising market according to Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser, I ll bet on GOOGL.

Moonshot

Much of Google s innovative efforts happen at its off-site research center called Google X, aka the Moonshot Factory. It s run by a futurist named Astro Teller, and I highly recommend his TED Talk explaining how Google X approaches innovation:

Identify a problem affecting millions of people. Find or propose a radical solution for solving that problem. Move full speed ahead if there s reason to believe technology for such a radical solution could actually be built.

He says Google X people spend most of their time  breaking things and trying to prove they re wrong  but believes that s their secret   what makes Googlers different. By  killing  more projects than they approve, their success rate rises. Alphabet spent $13.8 billion last year on research and development   the second highest number of any company in the world behind Amazon, and second highest as a percentage of sales among the eight innovation leaders.

R&D as % of Revenue

Alphabet invests a staggering amount of money to fund R&D, both because it can and because it has to. With three times more online advertising than its next closest competitor, GOOGL is a cash cow.

By the same token, it has significant overlap with all seven competitors in the most obvious categories   like robotics and AI  and each of these companies is hungry to dominate.

There s no letting up in this crowd. Innovate or die.

What s GOOGL Stock Worth?

Ultimately, the question is value: What do we pay?

Next Page GOOGL Stock: Is Alphabet Inc Stock Still On Course To Breach $1000 A Share? Alphabet Inc missed Q4 earnings estimates. Is GOOGL stock still a good long-term buy?



Flickr

Google's parent company Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) missed analyst estimates in its Q4-2016 earnings report leading to a slight fall in GOOGL stock. GOOGL stock is down by a little over 4% since its earnings release. The holding company that owns Google delivered an EPS of $9.36 on revenues of $26.1B. Alphabet's fourth quarter earnings suggest that Google's double-digit growth is sustainable for several quarters to come. Alphabet Inc missed earnings estimates by a fair distance (by $0.27), but posted a strong revenue growth of 22% YoY and 16% QoQ. While Alphabet's core business continues to deliver, this quarter also saw much better results in the 'Other Bets' segment. The other bets segment posted a revenue of $262M, much higher than $152M in the fourth quarter a year ago. The earnings miss may not have gone down well with investors, but the question is, is GOOGL stock is on course to breach the $1000 mark? Should you be buying GOOGL stock after the earnings miss?

Is Alphabet's Earnings Miss A Cause For Concern?

Alphabet's Q4 earnings report included a one-time charge of $320M which reduced the company s gross profit margin. Alphabet CFO, Ruth Porat mentioned in the earnings call that the charge was for "equipment", and also confirmed it was not for any "hardware" related to company's Pixel phone. This one-time charge remains a mystery for everyone, and had it not been for this one-time charge, Alphabet would have beaten the Street's earning estimates. Most analysts say that they have no idea about the charge and agree that excluding it Alphabet would have delivered an earnings beat. In a recent Barrons post, Brian Nowak of Morgan Stanley opined that

"By our math GOOGL s 4Q:16 adjusted EPS would have been $10.05 excluding a $320mn charge in COGS related to equipment and a series of other adjustments and an estimated ~320bp tax headwind from one-time charges related to geographic mix and discrete US items. This implies that GOOGL would have beaten our/Consensus adj EPS by 7%/4% excluding these items. Bears may counter that we don t know what the equipment and other charges are (they re right) and that GOOGL very often has one-time items below the line (right again) but from a pure fundamental and recurring earnings power perspective, 4Q:16 results were materially better than expected"

He also has an "Overweight" rating on Alphabet stock. All this suggests that one should not read too much into the earnings miss. Fundamentally Alphabet's core business is on track. Though total TAC is up, rising to $4.848B from $4.055B in the fourth quarter year ago, total paid clicks growth at 36%YoY, should soothe investors' concerns.

Search Alone Is A Big Reason To Buy GOOGL Stock

One cannot think of using the internet without using search engines at some stage or the other. Alphabet's search engine Google is by far the best you can get. Google's search algorithm is not only the most sophisticated but also the best money spinning search engine. Lion's share of Alphabet's total revenue comes from search-based advertising. Alphabet's Google segment delivered an operating income of $7.9B, up from $6.7B in the year-ago quarter.

Alphabet CFO, Ruth Porat is of the view that Google's core search business has still not hit top gear and can still scale further. In the earnings call, she emphasized on this fact, stating that:

"This performance is a testament to the ongoing innovation that is driving our success in mobile search, YouTube, and programmatic advertising, each of which we believe has only begun to scratch the surface. We remain excited about the sizable opportunities that have not yet been tapped."

Also, a Barron's post suggests that Alphabet is set to gain big in its search advertising business, due to the shift in consumer spending to e-commerce platforms. This will lead to increased digital ad spending, of which Google could continue to capture outsized incremental share. Google is leaving no stone unturned to dominate the booming mobile digital ad market by announcing some new strategic partnerships in the mobile space recently.

Google Could Take A Bite Of AWS And Microsoft's Cloud Share

It is very well known that Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) continue to ride on the cloud growth wave. Google, which has a meager 5% market share in the cloud market, is slowly catching up. In the Q4-2017 earnings call, Google CEO, Sundar Pichai announced that "more than 3 million paying businesses are now using G Suite to collaborate smartly and securely in the cloud." A TechCrunch post reports that a similar announcement was last made in November 2015 highlighting the progress Google is making on the cloud front. AWS and Microsoft are marked to gain big in 2017 due to the growing cloud market worldwide. Google can still take a bite out of these two big players' share with its products gaining traction among enterprise customers. Mr. Pichai attributed "Google s ability to provide its users with a highly secure platform " as the reason for the growing popularity of the company's cloud offerings among enterprises. Mr. Pichai also considered cloud as one of their biggest bets. So, investors should watch out for more information on this front.

Summing It Up

There is still a strong bullish sentiment around GOOGL stock among the analyst community even after its earnings miss. With Google's other bets showing substantial improvement in the last quarter's results, even one decent success from any of its moonshots could propel GOOGL stock higher in the future. Alphabet's strengthening core business prospects presents one with ample confidence to keep holding the stock. Alphabet's advertising business is set to continue its double-digit growth in 2017 as well. Investors should try to build a position in GOOGL stock, buying the stock on dips. A large number of analysts have a price target of $1000 and above which doesn't look improbable. Alphabet Inc is still very much a good long-term investment that's worth considering.

Looking for great tech stocks? Check out our top technology stock picks, which have beaten the NASDAQ by over 120%. Google Overtakes Apple As World's Most Valuable Brand Alphabet Inc s ( NASDAQ:GOOGL ) Google has usurped Apple Inc. ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) as the world s most valuable brand, according to the latest annual report by research firm Brand Finance.

Google sits atop this year s Brand Finance Global 500 list due to its  unchallenged  search engine dominance, which is in essence a legal monopoly and its chief revenue driver. Google earns top dollar for ads placed in its search engine, along with display ads across a wide variety of other websites. Brand Finance estimates Google s 2017 brand value at $109.5 billion, p from $88.2 billion last year.

The company even pays itself a handsome sum for the top search spots for its own product lines.

Meanwhile, Apple s 2017 brand value plunged 27% from last year to $107.1 billion, said the researchers.  Put simply, Apple has over-exploited the goodwill of its customers, it has failed to generate significant revenues from newer products such as the Apple Watch and cannot demonstrate that genuinely innovative technologies are in the pipeline,  the firm said in its report.

Coming in third place this year was Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), which saw a massive 53% brand value increase to $106.4 billion in 2017 from $69.6 billion last year.  The firm is growing strongly as it continues to both reshape the retail market and to capture an ever larger share of it,  said Brand Finance.

Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) was trading at $813.53 per share on Wednesday afternoon, down $6.66 (-0.81%). Year-to-date, GOOGL has gained 2.66%, versus a 1.73% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL) IPhone 7 Is Denting Alphabet Inc.'s (NASDAQ:GOOGL ... Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook shared an important data point in the earnings call with investors. Mr. Cook said that Apple Inc.

(NASDAQ:AAPL) recorded the highest number of switcher users in the quarter, which means that people are shifting away from Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google s Android to iPhone 7

. Apple s CEO said that the demand for iPhone 7 is especially pretty strong. Apple s CFO also emphasized that the company s user base is expanding in  strong double digits .

But analysts think that Apple s sales got a throttle due to the Samsung s Note 7 debacle, which dented the Korean company s brand reputation worldwide, helping Apple Inc

. (NASDAQ:AAPL). Alphabet's Boston Dynamics Previews Latest 'Nightmare-Inducing' Robot BOSTON (CBS SF)   The founder of Alphabet s robot development company Boston Dynamics revealed new video of another creation that leaked Tuesday, showing a wheeled automaton that goes by the name  Handle. 

The clip of company founder Marc Raibert reportedly making a presentation to investors was posted to YouTube by venture capitalist Steve Jurvetson on January 31.

In the clip at about the 3:45 mark, Raibert introduces the new creation by saying,  Everybody thinks we only do legged robots. Nobody has seen this. You guys are the first. 

The video shows the new robot, called Handle by Raibert, rolling on two wheels connected by an axle. The body and limbs of Handle appeared similar to Boston Dynamics  earlier quadrupedal robots LS3 and Big Dog, but with wheels attached to the lower appendages. Raibert said the robot got its name because it is supposed to handle objects.

ALSO READ:

Raibert seems to take a cue from some of the stories that had been written about the companies other creations in the past year, describing Handle as  a nightmare-inducing robot  as the audience chuckles.

Raibert said Handle was  much more efficient than a legged robot  and would be cheaper to produce than the bipedal Atlas robots that were featured in several viral videos last year.

The video showed Handle demonstrating it s dynamic balancing capabilities, spinning in place on its wheels and even rolling up to a bar and hopping over it.

Raibert concluded his presentation with an onstage visit from one of the company s quadrupedal robots.

In March of last year, there were reports that Google parent company Alphabet Inc. may be looking to unload robotics arm Boston Dynamics.

According to a story published on Bloomberg.com, Alphabet Inc. executives have decided that the likelihood of the robotics company turning a profit in the near future was unlikely given that it will be at least several years before the company is manufacturing a marketable product.

The fact that Raibert was reportedly making his presentation to potential investors on Tuesday could be an indication that the company is still on the market.

There was no information on the Boston Dynamics website about the new Handle model of wheeled robots. 
2017-03-16
How to Make Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Pay You High Yield The Nasdaq-100 is posting new highs, and it s being led higher by companies like Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ). To most traders, though, it would seem like it s too late to initiate a long position in GOOGL stock by purchasing shares at $870.

Luckily, you and I have the options markets.

With GOOGL options, we can design trades that allow for a margin of error. That would give us a lot more confidence going forward; otherwise, our stops would kick in on the first few red days.

Less than 30 days ago, I shared a trade that was designed to be a sure thing. Almost $4 per contract in profits came fast. Today, with those profits in my pocket, I want to  range trade  Alphabet stock instead. We could all use a little speculative risk in our portfolio.

The short story of Alphabet is that fundamentally it s as solid as it gets. It s the king of search, and that s a cash cow that just keeps getting fatter. So with a trailing price-to-earnings ratio of 30, GOOGL s potential is built in somewhat   but I think it s not fully built in. I think what people are forgetting is that Alphabet can still monetize the billions of users on the Android OS much better than it already is.



Click to Enlarge

Technically speaking, Alphabet stock is at all-time highs, but still has room to run. I d just expect some resistance first.

For now, then, this is what we ll do.

How to Trade GOOGL Stock

The bullish side: Sell the GOOGL 13 Apr $845/$842.5 credit put spread for 40 cents per contract. We have an 80% chance that price will stay above my strike where we need it.

The bearish side: Sell the GOOGL 13 Apr $887.5/$890 credit call spread for an additional 60 cents per contract. Here, given the upside potential in markets, our chances of success are around 75%.

Taking both trades would constitute a sold iron condor for a total $1 in credit. Since we can only lose on one side or the other, our max risk drops, thereby raising my potential yield above 60% on risk. This trade s delta is much higher than my usual points of entry, and that s what makes it a speculative setup in GOOGL stock.

In this market, I know we ll need to tightly manage this iron condor. So we shouldn t risk more money than we can afford to lose.

Nicolas Chahine is the managing director of SellSpreads.com. As of this writing, he did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @racernic and stocktwits at @racernic. Analyst: The Top Tech Stock Isn't Apple, Alphabet Or Amazon - It's Skyworks ... The top tech stock to buy isn't Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) or Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL); rather it's Skyworks Solutions Inc (NASDAQ: SWKS).

According to Ari Wald, Oppenheimer's head of technical analysis, the semiconductor maker is already a red-hot stock having gained more than 30 percent since the start of 2017. But the bullish story to Skyworks' stock certainly doesn't end here, as investors can expect further gains moving forward.

Wald explained during a recent CNBC "Trading Nation" segment investors should have exposure to semiconductor stocks from a technical perspective. He noted a key sign in the Technology SPDR (ETF) (NYSE: XLK), which bodes well for Skyworks. Specifically, the chart of the XLK relative to the S&P 500 index shows a recent breakout above a consolidation period that has been in place going back to 2012.

There is another bullish sign found in another chart. In this case, a breakout was observed when measuring the Philadelphia Stock Exchange Semiconductor Sector Index relative to the technology sector.

With that said, Skyworks is a top pick in the semiconductor space and momentum is certainly on the stock's side as it's trading at its highest levels since mid-2015.

"Bit of a rotation idea here. [There was a] prior period of underperformance, beginning to shift higher, reverse higher, and I think this is playing the rotation game here within this leading group," Wald concluded.

Here are the charts the analyst cited in the CNBC segment:



See Also: Oil's Decline Is A Bullish Sign For Stocks

See Also: Apple's Chart Remains Bullish, Pro Explains

Posted-In: Ari Wald CNBC semiconductor stocksAnalyst Color CNBC Tech Media Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. What Analysts are Predicting For Global Payments Inc. (GPN), Alphabet Inc. (GOOG)? Shares of Global Payments Inc. (NYSE:GPN) dropped -0.43% to $78.73. During the trading on 03/15/2017, Company s stock ranged from $78.15 to $79.33.

The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 47.79 that is neither bought nor sold range.

Brokerage Rating

Zacks offers analysts with an Average Broker Rating (or ABR), basing it on sell-side recommendations.

Presently Global Payments Inc. (NYSE:GPN) stock have an ABR of 1.95. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. Looking ahead to earnings forecasts, for the running fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have anticipated that the company will report 0.80 earnings per share. This is the current Zacks consensus EPS which was calculated at the time of writing. Analysts might review their estimates as they will get closer to the actual results date.

Global Payments Inc. (NYSE:GPN) share price decreased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $81.56. The stock was trading on above-average volume. The stock traded at a volume of 1.4 million shares. The share price is now up 10.53% for the past three months. Latest closing price was 0.91% above its 50-day moving average and 5.22% above its 200-day moving average.

On 03/15/2017 close, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) rose 0.19% to $847.20. The stock currently has a Market Cap of $576.87B.

Price Target in Focus

Even though monitoring stock technical is significant, most stockholders are more apprehensive about where the stock might be going now. Equity research analysts have given opinions on where they foresees the stock level. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are forecasting a harmony target price of $970.75 on company shares. This is a near-term estimation for the next 12-18 months.

While trading at volume below than average, Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) previous 52-week high was $848.68 and moved up 16.32% over the same period, trading at a volume of 1.38 million. Shares have risen 11.52% over the trailing 6 months. The stock is currently trading 3.79% above its SMA 50 and 9.50% above its SMA 200. 
2017-01-11
Alphabet, Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar Google parent company Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is set to report results for its fourth quarter of 2016 on Thursday, Jan. 26. Before the numbers for the quarter are released, here's a broad overview of some areas to watch.

Revenue and EPS

The pressure is certainly on for Alphabet's fourth quarter, especially after the company's expectation-beating quarter before it. For Alphabet's third quarter, both the company's revenue and earnings per share (EPS) exceeded expectations. Revenue and non-GAAP (non-generally accepted accounting principles) EPS was $22.5 billion and $9.06, respectively, up significantly from $18.7 billion and $7.35, respectively, in the year-ago quarter. Analysts, on average, expected third-quarter revenue and non-GAAP EPS of $22.1 billion and $8.63.

Going into Alphabet's fourth quarter, analysts expect robust growth to continue, albeit not as sharply. On average, analysts expect fourth-quarter revenue and EPS of $25.1 billion and $9.63, up 18% and 11%, respectively, year over year.

Metric Q3 YOY Growth Q3 YOY Growth Implied by Consensus Analyst Estimate Revenue 20% 18% Non-GAAP EPS 23% 11%

There's merit to analysts' conservatism, particularly since Alphabet CFO Ruth Porat went out of her way during the company's third-quarter earnings call to remind analysts that the company will be up against tough year-ago revenue comparisons in the fourth quarter.

Paid clicks and cost-per-clicks

One of the reasons why Alphabet outperformed expectations in Q3 was because of its big increase in paid clicks, or the total number of clicks for which advertisers paid Google. Aggregate paid clicks in Q3 were up 9% sequentially and 33% year over year. Notably, some of the benefits from such a large increase in paid clicks was offset by 5% and 11% decreases in cost-per-click, or the amount advertisers pay Alphabet for each click, but the outsized gain in paid clicks was significant enough to help drive significant revenue growth.

Investors should look for look for similar trends in Alphabet's paid clicks and cost-per-clicks in Q4. If the trends diverge in an unexpected direction, investors may want to look for an explanation from management during the company's fourth-quarter earnings call.

New Google products

Also, after launching some new Google-branded hardware, investors also may want to look for some updates from management on how these products are faring. While the new products still almost certainly will be immaterial to overall results, a promising start for the new devices could signal bigger opportunity ahead.

In October, Alphabet launched two new significant products: a Google Pixel smartphone and a Google Home artificial intelligence-enabled smart speaker. The Pixel quickly sold out online, and Google Home ended up selling out in many stores during the holidays -- evidence of the high demand for these new products. Indeed, in a statement to 9to5Google, a Google spokesperson specifically said demand was to blame for the Pixel selling out:

We're thrilled to see the excitement for our new Pixel phones, and frankly pre-order demand has exceeded our expectations. We're working to restock our inventory as soon as possible.

While Alphabet hasn't yet proven it can build a sustainable and meaningful hardware business, maybe the Pixel smartphone and Google Home could finally change this.

Alphabet will report its fourth-quarter results immediately after market close on Jan. 26. Management will host a conference call to discuss the results at 4:30 p.m. EST. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Is Dumping Its Imaging Satellite Biz Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) is reportedly selling its Terra Bella Imaging satellite business to Planet Labs, one of Terra Bella s fiercest competitors. For the past year, Alphabet has outperformed the Zacks Internet-Services industry. GOOGL has returned 12.68% compared with the industry s return of 11.89%.

Bloomberg reported on Monday that the sale is likely an equity transaction with Alphabet keeping a stake in Planet Labs.

Formerly known as Skybox, the earth imaging company was founded in 2009 and the search giant bought it for $500 million in 2014, the same year when Skybox was named no. 1 on Inc. magazine s 25 Most Audacious Companies.

Getting Rid of Audacious Ventures

The move underscores Alphabet s efforts to trim relatively less-revenue generating businesses and attain financial discipline.

In Aug 2015, Alphabet reportedly curbed expansion of its high-speed fiber optic Internet network, cutting 9% of its staff. In November, the company scaled back Project Wing, its experimental drone delivery program.

What s on Planet s Platter?

Privately held Planet operates with dozens of small satellites that take pictures of the Earth surface frequently. However, the resolution of the images is low. Terra Bella has larger satellites with high image resolution but its fleet contains only seven satellites, which limits the frequency of capturing images.

Thus, we believe that through this acquisition, Planet Labs will add high resolution satellites to its fleet. Both companies share the satellite imaging space with giants like Airbus  (OTCMKTS: EADSY ) Airbus Defence & Space and DigitalGlobe Inc (NYSE: DGI ).

Key Takeaways

Alphabet s sales, marketing and R&D expenses have gone up considerably in the last five years. There are also some other margin pressures. The most significant at the moment is related to currency, which continued to impact Alphabet s results despite the fact that it has a hedging program in place.

Alphabet Inc. EPS Diluted (TTM)

Other expense pressures include fast-paced international growth, a growing volume of lower-priced YouTube clicks and strength of the mobile platform. So we believe that Alphabet has foreseen an escalation of costs in the years to come and is gearing up well in advance with decisions like these.

Next Page Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ ... Revenues from smart home hardware and services are poised to climb to highs of $83 billion this year, according to market research firm Juniper. The number could more than double to highs of $195 billion by 2021 according to the research firm given the rate at which various segments are gaining traction. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Samsung are poised to be the biggest beneficiaries of the expected growth given their investments in the fast-growing space.

Market Leaders

Home automation and smart appliances continue to experience exponential growth driven by tech giants investing in them as the race for new opportunities for growth heats up. Google has already made an entry into the space with smart speakers and Google Home. Amazon s Echo speaker is another smart home device that continues to dominate.

Smart home hardware and services cover a gamut of categories including entertainment, healthcare automation and connected devices. It is for this reason that the fast emerging industry continues to attract investments from big tech companies that are looking for new opportunities for growth away from their core operations.

Growth Slowdown

Juniper, however, expects the likes of Amazon, Apple, Samsung and Google to solidify their positions in smart home hardware given their already leading roles. The e-commerce giant for instance already boasts a robust cloud service that should give it an edge compared to other companies going forward

 The company has managed to maximize its value proposition for Alexa by partnering with a large range of complementary players in the market, whilst utilizing its own cloud platform to set Echo and Alexa apart from its competitors in terms of functionality,  Juniper said in a statement

The research firm has however warned that revenue growth in the most mature segment, which is smart entertainment, could slow from current levels as other segments gain traction. Smart appliance and home automation devices are slowly gaining traction. Entry of the likes of LittleBits, Notion and iVee into the 2 segments according to the research firm will fuel growth going forward.

Apple was unchanged in Tuesday trading session having rallied by 0.10% to close the day at $119.11 a share. Google on the other hand was down by $1.17 a share ending the day at lows of $826.01 a share.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google says Google+ turns to new technology called RAISR, which uses machine learning to produce great quality versions of low-resolution images  
2017-01-24
Alphabet Inc. (GOOGL) Q4 Earnings Preview: Pixel & Home Could Fuel Growth As per usual, all eyes will be on the company formerly known as Google, Alphabet Inc. GOOGL , as the tech giant prepares to release its fourth-quarter earnings report on Thursday. The company rolled out its new Google Pixel phone and ushered in a new era of hardware-software interaction during the quarter, making this week's announcement even more important than usual.

In fact, the Google Pixel will most likely be the most compelling aspect of Alphabet's latest report, and investors will be clamoring to know how the device sold. It will also be interesting to see what the company says about its Google Home Controller, which also launched in the U.S. this quarter.

The Google Pixel is important because it is Alphabet's first high-end smartphone entirely produced in-house and represents a significant challenge to Apple's AAPL iPhone line. The Google Home tells another story of competition; the "Internet of Things" in-home hub is one of the only competitors to Amazon's AMZN Echo speaker.

More importantly, both of these products underscore Alphabet's efforts to usher in its intelligent personal assistant software, Google Assistant. With similar functions to Apple's Siri and Microsoft's MSFT Cortana, Google Assistant is the backbone of the Pixel and Home devices and promises to be the foundation for all of Google's original products heading forward.

Also, investors should not forget about the other products that Google launched in the quarter, all of which were officially unveiled at the same event in October. The company debuted its stylish headset for the Daydream VR platform, the "Daydream View," as well as its first router, "Google Wifi," and a Chromecast update, "Chromecast Ultra."

All of these products are important pieces of Google's effort to create a complete line of products that work together and with the new Google Assistant software. This is just the first quarter of sales, but it is also the holiday quarter and should give us a good idea of whether or not these products are resonating with shoppers.

Heading into the report, Alphabet Inc. has seen one positive estimate revision over the past week. Our current consensus estimates indicate EPS growth of 8.40% and sales growth of 18.75%, and this has helped earn the company an "A" grade for growth. This is especially noteworthy given the relative size and status of Alphabet already. Overall, the stock has a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy), and that's always a good sign heading into an earnings announcement.

Nevertheless, Alphabet currently has an Earnings ESP of -0.26%, which makes surprise prediction a bit more difficult.

Zacks' Top 10 Stocks for 2017

In addition to the stocks discussed above, would you like to know about our 10 finest tickers for the entirety of 2017?

Who wouldn't? These 10 are painstakingly hand-picked from 4,400 companies covered by the Zacks Rank. They are our primary picks to buy and hold. Be among the very first to see them >>

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Steals AI Expert Back From Apple Inc. (AAPL) The smart home market continues to heat up, and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) is determined to stay in the race. After releasing the Google Home AI-powered smart speaker and Google WiFi mesh router system, the company is now turning its attention to Nest.

Source: Nest

In an effort to reboot its pioneering smart home products division, Alphabet has hired back Yoky Matsuoka, an AI and robotics expert who had been working for rival Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ).

The former Nest vice president will return as the new Nest CTO.

Rebooting the Nest Mess

Nest has had a pioneering role in the smart home. Before being acquired by Google in 2014 for $3.2 billion, the company had helped kick off an entire industry with the Nest Learning Thermostat.

The smart thermostat delivered on a promise to automate home temperatures, learn homeowners  preferences for different times of the day and to save money on heating and cooling. It did this while being user-friendly; you didn t need to be an engineer or an electrician to install and set it up. It also introduced a chic new look to the lowly thermostat. Nest went on to branch out into smart smoke and CO detectors before being acquired by Google.

Things at Nest began to go sideways under Google s ownership. The Dropcam purchase involved drama around canceled products and employees quitting over cultural clashes.

Nest failed to deliver the home security system Google was anxiously awaiting   in fact, the division has failed to release any new products since being acquired (just revisions of existing gear plus those Dropcam cameras). It got mired in a PR disaster after buying the Revolv smart hub, then shutting it down, effectively bricking devices that had already been bought. The division fell short of Alphabet s revenue targets.

The situation culminated with the departure of Nest founder and CEO Tony Fadell.

New Nest CTO Is a Familiar Face

Nest has been operating under a new CEO since last summer, but Alphabet is clearly trying to kick-start the division. The threat posed by Amazon.com Inc. s (NASDAQ: AMZN ) Alexa-powered Echo smart speaker is very real. Despite being late to the game and lacking a smartphone platform, Amazon has vaulted into a smart home leadership position with Alexa able to interact with thousands of products and services.

That smart home market is projected to be worth over $121 billion by 2022, so being top dog is a very big deal.

Bloomberg is reporting that Alphabet has hired a key executive to take on the crucial CTO role at Nest. An AI and robotics expert, Yoky Matsuoka was a co-founder of Google s X research division. She left Google to become a VP with Nest and is credited for the Nest Learning Thermostat s adoptive technology.

Next Page Market Challenge: Can Google Climb Higher? Is this the most-underappreciated stock in tech?

Barron's thinks Google's stock can reach the $1,000 mark on the strength of its digital advertising, YouTube and cloud services.

Update: Investors really like Google.

Buy Google - this may be the most under-appreciated stock in tech - 66.1% Hold Google - shares are climbing higher - 31.8% Sell Google - disappointment awaits shareholders - 2.1%

Thanks to everyone who participated in today's poll. We're back tomorrow with more Market Challenge.

*****

Can Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) climb higher?

Barron's thinks so, suggesting the search giant's stock can reach the $1,000 mark on the strength of its digital advertising, YouTube and cloud services.

New contributor Midas Investor thinks Google can better monetize its various businesses. The company could generate strong shareholder returns this year and beyond, Midas said.

Loading...

Google reports fourth quarter results Thursday.

Your thoughts on Google? Is the stock a buy or sell?

Offer you analysis below! Investors Catching Stocks: Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOGL) will report its next earnings on 26-Jan-17. The company reported the earnings of $9.06/Share in the last quarter where the estimated EPS by analysts was $8.63/share. The difference between the expected and actual EPS was $0.43/share, which represents an Earnings surprise of 5%.

Many analysts are providing their Estimated Earnings analysis for Alphabet Inc. and for the current quarter 39 analysts have projected that the stock could give an Average Earnings estimate of $9.63/share. These analysts have also projected a Low Estimate of $9.01/share and a High Estimate of $10.67/share.

In case of Revenue Estimates, 31 analysts have provided their consensus Average Revenue Estimates for Alphabet Inc. as 25.18 Billion. According to these analysts, the Low Revenue Estimate for Alphabet Inc. is 24.49 Billion and the High Revenue Estimate is 26.61 Billion. The company had Year Ago Sales of 21.33 Billion.

These analysts also forecasted Growth Estimates for the Current Quarter for GOOGL to be 11.1%. They are projecting Next Quarter growth of 24.7%. For the next 5 years, Alphabet Inc. is expecting Growth of 18.37% per annum, whereas in the past 5 years the growth was 13.63% per annum.

Some buy side analysts are also providing their Analysis on Alphabet Inc., where 0 analysts have rated the stock as Strong buy, 0 analysts have given a Buy signal, 0 said it s a HOLD, 0 reported it as Underperform and 0 analysts rated the stock as Sell. (These Recommendations are for the Current Month Only reported by Yahoo Finance.)

When it comes to the Analysis of a Stock, Price Target plays a vital role. 43 Analysts reported that the Price Target for Alphabet Inc. might touch $1100 high while the Average Price Target and Low price Target is $967.3 and $700 respectively.

To analyze a stock, one should look for Upgrades and Downgrades of a stock. Alphabet Inc. got Initiated on 21-Dec-16 where investment firm Aegis Capital Initiated the stock to Buy.

Alphabet Inc. closed its last trading session at $828.17 with the gain of 1.96%. The Market Capitalization of the company stands at 571.54 Billion. The Company has 52-week high of $845.54 and 52-week low of $672.66. The stock s current distance from 20-Day Simple Moving Average (SMA20) is 3.32% where SMA50 and SMA200 are 5.45% and 8.92% respectively. The Company Touched its 52-Week High on Jan 23, 2017 and 52-Week Low on Jun 27, 2016.

The Relative Volume of the company is 1.3 and Average Volume (3 months) is 1.89 million. Alphabet Inc. P/E (price to earnings) ratio is 30.9 and Forward P/E ratio of 20.56.

The company shows its Return on Assets (ROA) value of 12.5%. The Return on Equity (ROE) value stands at 15.1%. While it s Return on Investment (ROI) value is 12.8%.

While looking at the Stock s Performance, Alphabet Inc. currently shows a Weekly Performance of 1.62%, where Monthly Performance is 3.59%, Quarterly performance is 2.77%, 6 Months performance is 11.21% and yearly performance percentage is 13.28%. Year to Date performance value (YTD perf) value is 6.56%. The Stock currently has a Weekly Volatility of 1.05% and Monthly Volatility of 1.14%. Google says home assistant product Google Home will now have Belkin Wemo, Honeywell as partners  
