2015-10-30
11 mind-blowing facts about Apple that show just how massive the company really is Apple is among the largest publicly traded companies in the US by market capitalization (the value of its shares). But it's hard to wrap your head around that fact. Can you picture the value of Apple's shares, $673 billion? The iPhone's popularity has catapulted Apple from an underdog fighting IBM to arguably the most successful consumer electronics companies out there. To underscore how big Apple has become, we've put together some mind-blowing facts about its business. View As: One Page Slides

Apple has $206 billion in cash on hand. Split equally among the US population (316 million), that's $651 per person   enough to buy an iPhone (16 GB) for everyone!

That's enough cash to buy 3,169 Gulfstream G650s, with a little left over for fuel.

Apple sold 5.71 million Macs last quarter. That's enough to give everyone in the state of Minnesota his or her own computer, with some left over.

Apple's profit was $39.5 billion in fiscal year 2014. That's enough to buy Snapchat, Pinterest, and Airbnb all at once, with a couple billion to spare.

Apple has more cash on hand than the US Treasury.

Apple sold 48.05 million iPhones last quarter, more than enough to give one to everyone in Spain.

Apple sold 9.88 million iPads last quarter, or 106 for every employee.

In its most recent earnings report, Apple's fiscal year revenue was $233.7 billion, and its annual profits were $53.4 billion. In other words, Apple has been making $1 billion every week in profits.

Last quarter Apple's revenue was $51.5 billion. That's larger than the entire economy of Costa Rica.

Apple was worth more than the entire Russian stock market last year. Digging Into Apple's 10K In a new report, JP Morgan analyst Rod Hall took a close look at Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) s new 10-K filing. Here s a list of nine noteworthy things he found.

1. Warranty accruals declined from $1.071 billion to $893 million quarter-over-quarter, a trend that Hall believes should boost gross margins.

2. Apple lowered the estimated selling price for software upgrade rights and non-software services on iOS devices and Macs by $5-$10. Hall believes that this deferred revenue adjustment should boost gross margins in 2016.

3. Apple s purchase commitments rose 20 percent year-over-year to $29.5 billion.

4. JP Morgan estimates that forex derivatives boosted Apple s gross margin by 0.7 percent in Q3.

5. Apple hired 17,400 full-time employees in fiscal 2015, 5,000 more than they hired in 2014. The world s largest public company now employees 110,000 people.

6. Apple revealed a surprisingly aggressive capex budged for 2016 of $15 billion, a 32 percent year-over-year increase.

7. Apple revealed that Mac sales increased in all global regions in fiscal 2015, while iPhone sales grew everywhere but Japan.

8. Apple will no longer be disclosing individual revenue numbers for iTunes Store, App Store, Mac App Store, iBooks Store and Apple Music and instead will be lumping them together under the Internet Services category.

9. Apple s value-at-risk model indicates with 95 percent confidence a maximum one-day loss in fair value of $342 million, up from $240 million at the end of fiscal 2014.

Apple s 10-K shed some light on the inner workings of the company, but Hall didn t see anything that changed his bullish opinion of the stock. J.P.Morgan maintains its Overweight rating.

Disclosure: the author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: iOS JP Morgan Rod HallAnalyst Color Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Analysts Weigh In on Two Stock Giants: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Paypal Holdings Inc ... Analysts are weighing in on the technology giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and online payment giant Paypal Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:PYPL), offering compelling reasons for their ratings and summarizing expectations.

Apple Inc.

FBR Capital analyst Daniel Ives was out pounding the table on Apple Friday, reiterating an Outperform rating and price target of $170, which represents a potential upside of 41% from where the stock is currently trading.

Ives wrote,  As we look back on this  white knuckle  period for Apple shares it has been quite a roller coaster ride for investors with the curtain call coming this week as Cook & Co. delivered better than feared Sept. results/Dec. guidance. Ultimately, despite rampant China fears, iPhone 6 hangover worries, negative chatter in the supply chain, and overall market jitters, Apple came through with a strong print and healthy forecast for holiday season which should help restore some positive sentiment back in the story heading into 2016. 

 With iPhone 6s growth fears now back in the bear s cave, we believe the Street will start to positively reevaluate the Apple growth path for 2016 as the confluence of: 1) a healthier than expected iPhone 6s product cycle, 2) China white-hot growth continuing with a $100 billion market opportunity ahead for the next three years, 3) streaming growth areas taking center stage and opening up a major tangential market opportunity (we believe streaming TV gets announced in 1H16), and 4) iPad Pro ramping in the enterprise and rekindling tablet growth prospects, should now pave the way for a FY16 growth story ahead of the  game changer  iPhone 7 release,  the analyst continued.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Daniel Ives has a total average return of 6.2% and a 58.6% success rate. Ives has a 0.6% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #477 out of 3808 analysts.

Out of the 49 analysts polled by TipRanks, 36 rate Apple stock a Buy, 11 rate the stock a Hold and 2 recommend Sell. With a return potential of 23.4%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $148.88.

Paypal Holdings Inc

In a research report published yesterday, Baird analyst Colin Sebastian reiterated an Outperform rating on shares of Paypal, with price target of $45, after the company reported solid third-quarter results, with revenue missing consensus by less than 1% and EPS beating by 6%.

Sebastian observed, PayPal reported impressive TPV growth, while revenues slightly missed expectations on soft cross-border/international volumes (China export/Europe). More positively, US revenue growth accelerated for the second consecutive quarter (+20% vs. +19% in 2Q15), while engagement trends continue to improve. Given PayPal s merchant momentum., quickening pace of innovation, (e.g., OneTouch, Venmo monetization), and seemingly reasonable valuation, we would be buyers on a pullback. 

 While PayPal s growth is primarily driven by consumer usage and engagement, we note that PayPal s Paydiant acquisition could help accelerate merchant adoption by integrating loyalty programs and private-label payments,  the analyst continued.

According to TipRanks.com, analyst Colin Sebastian has a total average return of 20.6% and a 77.3% success rate. Sebastian has a -9.7% average return when recommending PYPL, and is ranked #17 out of 3808 analysts.

Out of the 32 analysts polled by TipRanks, 21 rate Paypal Holdings Inc stock a Buy, 8 rate the stock a Hold and 3 recommend Sell. With a return potential of 18.4%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $42.03. 
2015-12-23
Why I Returned My Apple Inc. iPad Pro I recently bought an Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPad Pro in order to evaluate and test it. As somebody who really enjoys using his iPad Air 2, I was excited to get my hands on the latest iteration of Apple's iPad product line. Indeed, the new iPad offers a lot of very exciting new technological advances over my iPad Air 2, so surely it must be better, right?

After spending a few days with it, I decided to return the iPad Pro and continue plugging along with my trusty iPad Air 2. Here's why.

Not really a great productivity device

The iPad has traditionally been viewed as a consumption device rather than as a productivity device. If you want to watch movies, answer emails, or play games, iPad is arguably the best mobile platform on which to do these things.

The iPad, though, isn't really all that good as a productivity device. I've tried to write articles on the thing -- using the on-screen keyboard as well as with third-party keyboard accessories -- but the experience is just plain frustrating compared to a reasonably nice Windows or Mac laptop.

Now, to be fair, I did not buy either the Apple Pencil or the Apple Smart Keyboard along with the iPad Pro; the Apple Pencil seems to be perpetually back-ordered and the Smart Keyboard frankly seems like a rip-off at its current price.

However, I did spend some time with the Apple Smart Keyboard at my local Apple store and I can say the typing experience was just not very good compared to what you get with a MacBook or a high-quality Windows laptop.

iPad Pro is hardly the ideal productivity device for what I do, and I wouldn't be surprised if others shared my sentiment.

Not really a great consumption device, either

Although I'm not huge on iPad as a productivity device, I love my iPad Air 2 as a consumption device, so I was hoping I could at least justify keeping the iPad Pro as a "bigger, better" iPad Air.

Sadly, I couldn't make that case to myself either.

To be clear, there are a lot of really nice things about the iPad Pro that make my iPad Air 2 look, frankly, dated. The display is nicer, with more accurate colors and better contrast. The speaker system on the iPad Pro is miles ahead of the system found on the iPad Air 2, which makes watching movies and listening to music better.

The processor is also noticeably quicker. Not just in performance tests, mind you, but in everyday usage. Webpages load much quicker, for example, thanks to a CPU that's nearly twice as fast as the one found in the iPad Air 2. The graphics engine is so fast that even at the very high resolution that iPad Pro needs to drive, games were as smooth if not smoother on the iPad Pro than they were on the iPad Air.

It's a marvelous piece of engineering.

Sadly, it's just too big and unwieldy to really replace something like the iPad Air 2 for traditional "tablet" uses. In using the iPad Pro as a "replacement" for my iPad Air 2, I found myself frustrated with how large and heavy (the latter was really a problem) the device is compared to the Air 2.

The worst of both worlds; give me a better iPad Air!

After using the iPad Pro, my thinking is that a large tablet running the same operating system as the smaller iPads is just -- to borrow the words of Tim Cook -- a "compromised product."

It's neither as good as the iPad Air 2 as a tablet nor is it as good as the Mac as a productivity device, at least for my uses. Maybe future iterations, which should be thinner and lighter, could do the trick.

That being said, even though the iPad Pro isn't for me, I would love to see some of the great technologies Apple introduced in the iPad Pro in a next-generation iPad Air 3.

Although I can't speak for the broader iPad customer base, I can say that if the iPad Air 3 includes the A9X chip, iPad Pro-like speaker systems, and a higher quality display, I'll be very excited to buy one -- and keep it. Are We Seeing Apple Inc.'s Latest Strategy to Gain Share in Emerging Markets? According to a report in The Economic Times, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has yet again lowered the price of its iPhone 5s in India. The price of this device, which first launched in late 2013, has apparently come down by nearly 50% over the last three months in the region.

It now starts at just $370, well below the $450 that even the lowest-tier iPhone sells for in the USA.

This price drop, with The Economic Times citing a "senior executive with a leading retail chain," was apparently prompted by weakening demand for the company's latest iPhone 6s/6s Plus models in India (which is unsurprising given how expensive these devices are).

As the smartphone market saturates, and as Apple aims to continue to grow its iPhone business, I believe that we're going to see more of these aggressive, region-specific price cuts of older-generation smartphones.

What Apple's strategy might be

Apple's primary strategy is to still own as much of the high-end/high value smartphone market as possible. This market is very large and it's where the real profits are to be made. Apple will do whatever it can to try to sell customers the most expensive iPhone that it possibly can.

However, the massive growth in the overall smartphone market is cooling and the more affordable low-end and mid-range segments are seeing more robust growth than the high-end segment that Apple designs its products for do.

Apple could go ahead and design special products targeted at these low price points, but as we've seen with the iPhone 5c, Apple products designed right off the bat to be distinctly "cheaper" than the flagship models don't seem to resonate all that well with Apple customers.

Instead, the company is using older-generation products to go after these segments. Although a phone that's two years old (as is the case with the iPhone 5s) is still going to lag the latest devices in terms of hardware specifications, an older flagship iPhone was still once a flagship iPhone, potentially making it more appealing than a targeted "cheap" iPhone.

From Apple's perspective this also works out nicely, as component costs for a phone that has been in production for several years should be quite low. Manufacturing yields on the finished devices should also be very high at this point, helping to further improve costs.

Is this a good strategy?

I believe that this is a solid strategy for a couple of reasons.

Firstly, Apple is able to address price points with such products that it wouldn't otherwise be able to. And, given that Apple's newer devices tend to be much more compelling feature-wise, there is likely minimal cannibalization of higher-end device demand with the availability of older products at lower prices.

Next is an interesting idea put forth by an analyst quoted in the Economic Times article. In particular, the analyst says that Apple is aiming to do well in the $250 to $400 price range in India in a bid to "lock in more customers into their eco-system." This, the analyst says, should create a "base for upgradation when newer iPhones are launched."

Even if those customers ultimately wind up buying price-reduced older-generation iPhones when they eventually need to replace their iPhone 5s phones, Apple still benefits. However, it's not unreasonable to expect that a good number of buyers that pick up relatively cheap iPhones today could be buyers of more expensive iPhones in the future as their personal financial situations improve. Apple Inc. v. Smartflash LLC: A Solution to Business Problems May Not Be a ... Thursday, December 24, 2015

Addressing the standard for instituting a covered business method (CBM) review, as well as patent eligibility issues under 35 U.S.C.   101, the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB or Board) found patents related to payment data eligible for CBM review and that the petitioners would more likely than not prevail on their Section 101 challenge. Apple Inc. v. Smartflash LLC CBM2015-00121 (PTAB, November 10, 2015) (Anderson, APJ); Apple Inc. v. Smartflash LLC CBM2015-00123 (PTAB, November 10, 2015) (Plenzler, APJ); Apple Inc. v. Smartflash LLC CBM2015-00124 (PTAB, November 10, 2015) (Elluru, APJ); Apple Inc. v. Smartflash LLC CBM2015-00127 (PTAB, November 10, 2015) (Elluru, APJ); Google Inc. v. Smartflash LLC CBM2015-00125 (PTAB, November 16, 2015) (Elluru, APJ); Google Inc. v. Smartflash LLC CBM2015-00126 (PTAB, November 16, 2015).

The petitioners sought CBM reviews for patents related to data storage and access systems that enable downloading and paying for data. AIA   18(d)(1) defines the term  covered business method patent  as a  patent that claims a method or corresponding apparatus for performing data processing or other operations used in the practice, administration, or management of a financial product or service, except that the term does not include patents for technological inventions.  The petitioners argued that the claims were directed to payment data ( transmitting the requested data in connection with payment validation,  in one of the challenged patents, and  performing data processing and other operations used in practice, administration, or management of a financial activity and service,  in another of the challenged patents).

The patent owner, Smartflash, argued that the patents were not CBM-eligible. According to the patent owner, AIA   18(d)(1) should be interpreted narrowly to cover only technology used specifically in the financial or banking industry. The Board disagreed, noting that the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit has expressly determined that  the definition of  covered business method patent  is not limited to products and services of only the financial industry.  Moreover the legislative history indicates that the phrase  financial product or service  is to be interpreted broadly.

The Board also concluded that patents do not fall within   18(d)(1) s exclusion for  technological inventions,  because their claims do not recites a technological feature that is novel and unobvious over the prior art. Moreover, according to the Board, the problem being solved by the claims of these patents was a  business problem data piracy.  For these reasons, the Board found that these patents were eligible for CBM review.

On the merits, the Board concluded that the petitioner would more likely than not prevail on its claim that the patents are not direct to eligible subject matter under 35 U.S.C.   101. The Board was not persuaded by the patent owner s arguments that the claimed solution is  necessarily rooted in computer technology in order to overcome a problem specifically arising in the realm of computer networks,  which was found eligible by the federal Circuit in DDR Holdings v. Hotels.Com (IP Update, Vol. 18, No. 1). Instead, the Board found that the claims merely apply conventional computer processes to restrict access to data based on payment, which is not sufficient to  transform the nature of the claim  into a patent-eligible application of an abstract idea. 
2015-06-05
Apple Inc is giving Pimco a run for its money in the bond market There s a new whale in the corporate-bond market.

How Bill Gross lost an empire as Pimco cracked

Bill Gross, the 70-year-old king of bonds, rushed through the offices of his US$2 trillion empire on a Friday morning distributing hand-written notes. He knew his reign was over. The billionaire co-founder of Pacific Investment Management Co. and its undisputed ruler for four decades was about to be overthrown. So just before 5 a.m. that day, on Sept. 26, he walked into Pimco s headquarters in Newport Beach, California, and quietly placed notes on the desks of more than a dozen colleagues.  Keep doing a great job,  Gross wrote on trade tickets used to buy and sell bonds. Of Pimco, he wrote:  Look after her.  Continue reading.

Apple Inc., Oracle Corp. and the other tech giants hoarding half a trillion dollars in cash have joined the ranks of the biggest buyers of the debt, often snapping up as much as half of some bond issues, according to five people with knowledge of the transactions.

The companies are muscling into a market traditionally dominated by big bond funds including Pacific Investment Management Co., BlackRock Inc., Vanguard Group Inc. and Fidelity Investments. They re honing in on one of asset managers  favourite ways to juice returns, particularly as the Federal Reserve holds short-term interest rates near zero for a seventh year.

 We treat them as we treat Fidelity or Vanguard or any other investor,  said Curt Zuber, treasurer of Sydney-based Westpac Banking Corp., which has issued US$6.1 billion of U.S. dollar-denominated bonds in the financial year started Oct. 1 and a total of US$22 billion since October 2012.

All four of Australia s biggest banks, heavily reliant on offshore debt markets, have sent representatives to Reno, Nevada, where Apple s money-management unit, Braeburn Capital Inc., is based, according to people with knowledge of the trips. Oracle s cash managers are also based in the city known for its casinos, where hotel rooms costing as little as US$69 a night provide cheaper lodgings than banker stops in New York, Boston and Newport Beach, California, where Pimco is based.

Piles of Cash

Corporate treasurers looking to invest record amounts of cash have increasingly turned to debt markets in recent years as yields evaporated on safer investments such as U.S. Treasuries. No industry has amassed bigger piles of cash than tech.

Apple, Oracle, Google Inc. and seven of their biggest peers now have in excess of US$500 billion of cash and marketable securities, up more than three-fold since 2008, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The problem is much of it is stuck overseas. Bringing it home would mean subjecting it to U.S. repatriation taxes, so they invest it in the bond market.

Apple, run by Tim Cook and based in Cupertino, California, had US$171.3 billion of its cash and marketable securities in foreign subsidiaries and  generally based in U.S. dollar-denominated holdings  as of March 28, according to a regulatory filing.

The trend is cutting into traditional investors  access to new issues.

Related

Anchoring Deals

Getting allocations of corporate bond deals is one of the easiest ways for managers to outperform benchmark bond indexes because they re typically sold at a discount to market rates, according to Jason Shoup, the head of U.S. high-grade credit strategy at Citigroup Inc. The bonds aren t added to the indexes investors are measured against until the end of each month. That can generate as much as 0.2 percentage point of additional gains for investors who get in early, Shoup said.

Apple, which had US$193.5 billion of cash and marketable securities as of March 28, is now one of the biggest buyers of shorter-term debt sold by investment grade companies, often taking as much as US$200 million of a US$1 billion issue, according to four people with knowledge of the deals.

 I am sure asset managers like Vanguard and Pimco would prefer Apple call them and have them manage the money rather than competing with them,  said Kevin McPartland, the head of research for market structure and technology at research firm Greenwich Associates in Stamford, Connecticut.

Issuer Confidence

Agnes Crane, a spokeswoman for Pimco, declined to comment, as did Tara McDonnell at New York-based BlackRock.

Josh Rosenstock, a spokesman for Apple, declined to comment, as did Deborah Hellinger, a spokeswoman for Redwood City, California-based Oracle.

Apple, Oracle and their peers have largely been buying investment-grade securities maturing in two to three years, according to two of the people with knowledge of the matter. Most of the investments have been in financial firms, the people said. They ve also targeted the bonds of highly rated companies including Exxon Mobil Corp., Merck & Co. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., they said.

As competition intensifies for bond allocations, tech companies are increasingly approaching other corporate borrowers to anchor new bond sales, or buy the biggest chunks, in what s known as a reverse inquiry, the people said. They tend to get as much of the debt as they want because underwriters know they typically will hold it to maturity, giving borrowers confidence their deals will get done and maintain value in secondary markets, according to two underwriters with knowledge of the transactions.

Some Concern

 There s obviously a greater pool of demand as a result of these big corporates playing in the U.S. corporate bond market and that helps to provide greater price tension,  John Bennett, the general manager of global fixed-income sales at National Australia Bank Ltd. in Melbourne, said in a phone interview.

Oracle has US$25.8 billion invested in corporate bonds, while Google has US$11.5 billion of the debt, according to their latest regulatory filings.

The degree to which the companies have been buying corporate debt is raising concern that markets will weaken if they suddenly decide to do something else with their cash.

Companies including Apple, Google and pharmaceutical giant Pfizer Inc. have been lobbying Congress for two years to approve a repatriation holiday that would allow them to transfer overseas profits to the U.S. and pay a tax levy that is lower than the current rate.

Rising interest rates also may prompt them to allocate their cash to safer government debt, Citigroup s Shoup said.

 I do worry that if the Fed decides to hike and does so against tepid inflation there will be a lot of other valid alternatives within fixed income other than corporate credit,  he said.  They can buy mortgage securities or U.S. Treasuries and be in a much more liquid market. 

  With assistance from Tim Higgins and Jack Clark in San Francisco and Richard Rubin in Washington.

Bloomberg News Will India Be The Next Domino To Fall To Apple? It was President Eisenhower in the 1950s who initiated the domino theory in Asia. It was the belief that when one country such as China or later Vietnam fell to communism, the rest of Asia would follow suit by means of contagion. The idea was proven in the end to be a fallacy, but Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has initiated a domino theory all of its own.

As has been pointed out in several articles, including one I wrote last year, the iPhone and related products have swept through Asia and the continent has become vital to the company's success. The iPhone has its largest market share anywhere in Japan where it is estimated at 50%. China has fallen in love with all things Apple, despite many skeptics who wrongly predicted that Apple could never win out in a so-called Third World country with its own smartphone manufacturing industry. Elsewhere in Asia, Apple's market share is booming almost everywhere, even in South Korea, the homeland of archrival Samsung (OTC:SSNLF).

As the graph below produced last year with IDC data shows, smartphone growth rates in the next few years are forecast to be much stronger in Asia than in North America or Western Europe.

(click to enlarge)

Asia has a population of 4.4 billion (or 1.8 billion if you exclude China and India). This compares to 742 million in Europe and 314 million in the USA. In addition, Asian countries on the whole have faster economic growth rates and a much younger demographic.

India Market

So Asia will become more important to Apple in the next few years, not less. The one domino left to fall is India, a country that poses specific problems for Apple.

India is poor compared to China. According to World Bank figures the country's GDP per head is US$1,497 compared to China at US$6,807. China's population is only slightly higher though, at 1.357 billion compared to 1.252 billion and there is a huge and growing middle-class in India with a similar liking for high profile consumer goods.

An Ernst & Young report estimates that India's middle-class will grow from 50 million in 2010 to 200 million by 2020, and to 475 million by 2030. The country's GDP rose 7.17% last year and is forecast to grow at an annual rate in excess of 7% every year up to 2020.

Another major problem with India is the entrenched corruption at every level of society. This can cause real problems for a U.S. corporation overseas, apart from the fact that such endemic corruption leads to its own inefficiencies. This is one reason we are unlikely to see Apple owned stores anytime soon in the country.

Another negative factor that could slow down, but not halt, Apple's advance in the country is the lack of a large installed base. A major reason for Apple's success in country after country is the "stickiness" of its eco-system, allowing it to meet all of a customer's needs for phones, computers, music players, gaming, etc.

This lack of a large installed base may or may not slow down the release of Apple's new products in the country. For instance, Apple Pay is unlikely to hit India any time soon, as the country has a relatively unsophisticated banking system, credit cards are not as widespread as in developed countries, and there is not that large an installed base of iPhone 5s and 6s which Apple Pay needs to function.

The Apple Watch is however expected to officially hit India soon. India was not one of the nine initial markets for the product, nor one of the further markets announced on 4th June. These further markets included South Korea, Taiwan and Singapore, evidence of the importance to Apple of Asia for this new product. Of the 15 countries, which will have the Apple Watch by the end of June, six will be in Asia.

The Apple Watch is already available in India through cross-border e-commerce players and is reportedly creating a lot of interest. Apple's delay in launching it officially in the country is probably due to the lack of a marketing and sales back-up for it in the country. As with China, the gold edition could be popular in a country where there are plenty of rich people and conspicuous consumption is not frowned upon.

As the 2014 Baselworld report showed, luxury watches are big sellers in Asia, and the huge growth in China was a reason for Apple being so keen to launch Apple Watch in that market.

India represented 3.03% of the world's luxury watch market but grew at an impressive 12.05% the previous year, as the graphic below shows. It was the third fastest growing market in the world behind China and Russia.

Recent reports from Counterpoint Research and IDC may well show that Apple is beginning to get a grip on what could be a huge new market for its products. There is some conflicting data in the two reports but certain trends remain clear.

Counterpoint Data

The Counterpoint Research report for the first quarter of 2015 gave evidence that the phone market in India in general is upgrading. While the mobile phone market as a whole contracted 3% year-on-year, that for smartphones grew 21%. India is ranked by Counterpoint as the third largest smartphone market in the world for mobile phones. As with China a couple of years ago, the market leader is Samsung with a strong local presence in the form of Micromax, Intex and Lava. We all know what happened in China when Apple came up against Samsung and cheap local competition.

Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Lumia is pushing hard in the market, as are Chinese brands Lenovo and Xiaomi. There seems to be an increasing race to the bottom in the country by certain manufacturers, leaving Apple to garner the high end once again. Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is also strong in the market with their low-cost Android One strategy.

According to Counterpoint, Apple showed strong growth in the quarter, and should easily pass one million sales in the first 6 months of its fiscal year, something it took 12 months to do last year. As with China, the availability of the iPhone in phablet size has been crucial to this growth.

The report estimates that 35% of smartphones sold in the country are of the phablet variety. Apart from the phablet attraction though, Apple's sales have also been boosted by the availability at cheaper pricing of old models - 4s, 5c and 5s - in what is still a "value for money" market for many consumers.

The report estimated that Apple's sales so far have not come so much at the expense of Samsung, which introduced the Galaxy S6 to the Indian market in April this year. Rather it came at the expense of local manufacturers as the market upgraded in general in terms of quality and brand awareness. It seems Apple and Samsung will fight out the top end here in the same way they did in China.

IDC Data

The IDC report deals with the final quarter of 2014 and has Samsung as the biggest vendor, with local manufacturers Karbonn, Intex, Micromax and Lava doing well. In turn it highlights the rise in sales of smartphones over basic feature phones during a period when the market as a whole for phones contracted. It put this contraction down to temporary factors, mainly large channel inventory following the festive season.

IDC forecast strong growth in smartphones for the course of 2015. It sees increased market share for higher end smartphones towards the end of 2015 as 4G networks roll out in the country. IDC believes this will also herald a move towards demand for smartphones with more high-end features. At the same time, IDC noted the race to the bottom from companies such as Microsoft and HTC. Long term, it saw some challenges from imported phones by possible moves by the Government to give preference to phones made in India.

Legal Disputes And Retail

Somewhat related to the issue of corruption there is the problem in India of legal disputes. Xiaomi, which has been pushing hard in the country, faced a ban after a dispute with Ericsson over alleged patent infringements. OnePlus One, also from China, faced a ban after a legal dispute with Micromax. Other companies have been mired in legal disputes over retail distribution.

Apple's market share in India at the end of last year has been generally estimated at just 2%, which represents a sevenfold increase over three years. That is, it is growing rapidly from a small base. The retail quagmire that is India may prove a hurdle: It is hard to imagine Apple Stores around all the big cities of the country at this point in time.

The company has been operating through two premium re-sellers, Redington and Ingram. Earlier this year it appointed U.S. based BrightStar as a third retail partner, probably to focus on smaller stores in smaller cities around this large country. Some Indian press reports were stating that Apple intended to open 500 stores in India, but I have seen no evidence for these rumors. Other unsubstantiated press reports have stated that Apple is targeting to sell 7 million iPhones annually by 2017.

Conclusion

Greater China now represents 29% of Apple's worldwide sales and grew 71% quarter over quarter in the first quarter of 2015, making Apple probably the country's largest smartphone vendor. Mac sales there grew 31% in a market where PC sales declined 5%, Retail stores are expanding rapidly and apps being written specifically for the Chinese market. Other Asian markets have seen similar trends for Apple. In fiscal Q2, revenue in Asia (excluding Greater China and Japan) grew a remarkable 48%.

It is easy to see India going the same way. Its smartphone market is in a very similar position to that of China in the past couple of years. There is a similar increasing aspirational middle-class who may well turn from Samsung and local manufacturers to Apple. The economy is growing rapidly and educational standards are rising. Like the Chinese, middle-class Indians tend to be very status conscious when it comes to brands.

A surge in sales in India will not be as substantial in pure numbers as China has enjoyed in the past year. India will probably remain more price competitive than China for a while as regards hardware sales. Profits from a successful software strategy may be important to maintain Apple's traditional high profitability in this market.

Nevertheless, strong growth in the world's third largest mobile phone market should have a meaningful impact on Apple's figures and hence its share price. India is another reason to be bullish long term on AAPL.

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Why Apple Inc. Spends Less On Research And Development Than You Think In the past decade, Apple Inc. invented the modern smartphone and tablet and it appears to be single-handedly creating a market for wearable devices with Apple Watch. Along the way, it's built the most valuable brand in the world, which inspires deep desire in consumers around the globe.

But its status as the world's most valuable company -- with a $194 billion cash pile -- is dependent on its ability to invent and disrupt new markets. So, it's surprising how little the company spends on research and development. Indeed, over the past few years Apple has spent significantly more on stock buybacks than R&D, a characteristic it shares with Microsoft.

Ahead of next week's annual World Wide Developers Conference, it's worth asking whether Apple should actually be spending more on research. Apple is not expected introduce a new hardware product next week, marking the second year in a row that its main conference has not announced something new to sell -- and selling gadgets is where Apple makes the vast majority of its money.

Photo: Reuters

According to Apple's SEC filings, Apple spent $1.9 billion on research and development in its most recent quarter ending in March. That's a large number anyway you slice it, and it's the result of a multi-year rampup in research spending under CEO Tim Cook.

For instance, in the same quarter in 2014, Apple only spent $1.4 billion on research and development. And it's nearly five times bigger than the $426 million spent in the same quarter five years ago, in 2010, just before the iPad came out. Compared to Apple's revenue, which has exploded over the past few years, R&D spending is keeping up. In the second quarter in 2010, R&D came out to 3.1 percent of Apple's revenue. In the most recent report, Apple's R&D outlay is 3.3 percent of revenue.

Still, R&D spending is practically a rounding error when compared to the $200 billion stock buyback program Apple announced in April.

On that front, Apple doesn't stack up well against other technology companies with deep pockets. In the most recent quarter ending in April, Google spent $2.1 billion on research and development, or about 13 percent of its revenue. Microsoft has long racked up 10-digit annual R&D bills, spending $2.94 billion during the same period. Intel is the king of Silicon Valley R&D spending, pouring $10.6 billion into the department last year.

Even Apple's less innovative smartphone rival, Samsung, outspent Apple on research last year, reporting $13.4 billion spent in 2014, more than double the $6.04 billion Apple spent.

But does it matter? It's hard to deny the quality and popularity of the products that Apple has brought to market during the past five years. Its most recent major launch, the Apple Watch, is easily the bestselling smartwatch of all time, and the iPhone 6 may be the most profitable single product in history.

And not all of Apple's innovations are consumer-facing: the company designs its own chips based on ARM technology to power iOS devices. Apple also created its own programming language, Swift, which has been well received by programmers. These are big, ambitious projects typically associated with ballooning R&D bills.

So if Apple continues to produce great technology, why would it need to spend more money on R&D? Apple could decide to enter crowded, expensive new markets, like the automotive industry. With its cash pile, it could easily buy companies like Twitter or Pinterest to give it new ways into different markets. But even in mergers and acquisitions, Apple stays spendthrift, usually buying smaller technology companies for sums so small they don't need to be reported to the SEC.

"If Apple is spending R&D, it is a good bet they have a specific goal in mind for those dollars," Apple analyst Neil Cybart wrote last month.

Plus, throwing money at hard problems doesn't necessarily result in better or more frequent inventions. A report last year released by Bernstein Research found that the companies that spent the least on R&D tended to do the best on Wall Street.

Controlled R&D spending is part of Apple's constitution going back to the 80s: During the Steve Jobs era, products were often developed by small teams "of pirates." Jobs was fond of pointing to his small R&D spend as a key difference between Apple and Microsoft. In 1998, Jobs told Fortune that "innovation has nothing to do with how many R&D dollars you have."

Cook may be ramping up the research and development budget, but ultimately Apple's approach to product development remains the same. Payment Methods Will Change, Regardless of Retailer's Apple Pay Skepticism Reuters came out with an article on Friday that highlighted how many retailers are skeptical about Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) s mobile payment service, Apple Pay, despite the company's gigantic claims about it.

Re/code s Kara Swisher was on CNBC recently to weigh in on this.

Inevitability Of Change

"There is a struggle, there has been a struggle between retailers and Apple and all these companies over these payment systems," Swisher said. "They are expensive and they do have to change registers and things like that, but it s inevitable that payments are going to change. And so the question is, 'Who are they going to really back?'"

Related Link: Goldman Sachs On Apple Pay: 4 Things To Know

She continued, "And I think, if big chains did back any of these, they would catch on with consumers who are, I think, are more than willing to try these things and find them convenient when they use them."

The Issues

On whether Apple Pay can lose its lead if the mobile payment industry overall witnesses good growth, Swisher said, "I just think they have been pretty bold in how they are rolling it out, and it s a great product, a lot better than some of the earlier products.

"Once people use it, they use it. And I think the issues are very clear   security around this stuff, just like they were with credit cards and everything else. I think the ease of use is important. I think the availability and the non-difficulty of using it [are important].

Swisher concluded, "It s still easier to pull out a credit card for a lot of people, and the question is, 'Can mobile operators and the retailers make it a seamless experience?'" Swisher concluded.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Apple Pay Kara Swisher re/code Reuters VetrCNBC Media Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-07-22
Why Apple Inc. Is Unlikely to Ditch Intel for AMD in the MacBook Writing for Seeking Alpha, Mark Hibben suggests that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) might enlist the semi-custom design services of struggling chipmaker, Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD), to build a custom-tailored processor for Apple's MacBooks. In fact, he pegs those chances as "good."

I, on the other hand, think that this is highly unlikely.

If Apple wants a semi-custom MacBook processor, Intel could do the job, too

One key argument that Hibben makes is that Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) PC processor designs are designed in a "one-size fits all" fashion to serve the requirements of a wide range of PC customers. By commissioning a semi-custom chip from AMD, Hibben argues, Apple could get exactly what it wants/needs without any of the additional "bloat" present to support other PC makers' designs.

The first (but certainly not the biggest) issue here is that Intel, too, offers semi-custom design services for big customers. Intel's semi-custom pitch has been more targeted toward the data center (where major customers are willing to pay to get exactly what they want), but there is no fundamental reason that Intel could not build "semi-custom" processors in the PC segment for the right customer.

There is little need for semi-custom MacBook processors

Although Hibben argues that Apple might be better served with custom-tailored parts for the MacBook, I disagree. Take a look at the following diagram that Hibben pointed to in his article:

Notice on the big green rectangle that there are two black rectangles? The longer one is the main processor complex. This contains the CPU cores, graphics/media engine, and the rest of the performance-critical components.

The smaller black rectangle is the PCH or the "platform controller hub." This is an auxiliary input/output chip that that, among other things, allows the processor to talk to other components. Hibben argues that Apple "isn't using a lot of that stuff," and for the new thin-and-light MacBook this is true, but all of this functionality is stuffed into a cheap-to-make auxiliary silicon die and can be disabled if need be.

The idea that Apple should ditch Intel and commission a totally new, semi-custom chip from AMD because it doesn't need to use the USB and Serial ATA functionality present in Intel's Platform Controller Hub seems ludicrous.

Would Apple really trust the Mac to AMD?

Another issue here is that AMD's notebook processors haven't been competitive with Intel's for a while, all things considered. It is not a coincidence that AMD has continued to bleed share to Intel in the notebook market for a long time.

In order for AMD to have a chance at winning the MacBook contracts (either via off-the-shelf parts or a semi-custom arrangement, as Hibben suggests), it will need to be able to deliver leadership PC processor products (MacBooks are premium products and Apple is likely to want to use the best chips possible). Given Intel's vastly greater ability to invest in its architectures and designs, as well as its manufacturing leadership, it's hard to see this happening.

It's all very unlikely

I would peg the chances of Apple swapping Intel out for AMD in the MacBook as extremely low. Intel's PC processors are, in my view, the "gold standard" in the industry and Intel's track record suggests that the company knows how to consistently deliver winning PC products. AMD, on the other hand, has a lot to prove and I doubt that Apple wants to be its guinea pig. Apple Inc., Microsoft Corporation, GoPro Inc Earnings Analysis Apple, Microsoft and GoPro reported their respective June quarter results on Wednesday. Surprisingly, shares of all three technology heavyweights are down on Wednesday even though they handily exceeded Wall Street expectations. Apple shares fell 6.58% to $122.15 in early trading Wednesday as investors were disappointed by its fiscal Q3 results and guidance for the current quarter.

Why Apple investors are disappointed

Yes, investors were disappointed by a company that just reported a mammoth $10.7 billion in quarterly profits. Apple earned $1.85 per share in Q3 earnings on revenues of $49.6 billion. Analysts were expecting $1.81 in EPS and $49.43 billion in revenue. Greater China revenue almost doubled to $13.23 billion from $6.23 billion in the same quarter a year ago.

So, what disappointed the Wall Street? Well, there are three things: it was Apple s smallest EPS beat in two years, bearish guidance for the current quarter, and lower-than-expected shipments of iPhones.

Apple shipped 47.5 million iPhones during the quarter, slightly less than the bullish Wall Street expectations of 49 million units. Gross margins improved YoY from 39.4% to 39.7%. Apple s fiscal Q4 revenue guidance was $49 billion to $51 billion with gross margin between 38.5% and 39.5%. By comparison, analysts were anticipating $50.85 billion in revenue and 39.1% in gross margins.

Microsoft earnings hit by one-time charges

Microsoft shares were down 2.59% to $46.05 at 11:02 AM EDT on Wednesday. The Redmond-based software giant posted fiscal Q4 earnings of 62 cents a share on $22.18 billion in revenue. Analysts on average were expecting 56 cents a share in EPS, including one-time charges, and $22.03 billion in revenue. However, Microsoft s results were hit by restructuring charges and cooling demand for its legacy software products.

Microsoft took $7.5 billion hit from its Nokia acquisition, plus other restructuring charges. Total impairment and restructuring charges stood at $8.4 billion. These write-downs led to a $3.2 billion quarterly net loss. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has been focusing on cloud services. Microsoft s commercial cloud computing revenue surged 88% YoY. Meanwhile, Windows OEM revenue fell 22% and Office revenues were down 4% from the corresponding quarter a year ago.

Longboard Asset Management CEO Cole Wilcox told CNBC that the software giant was in a  transition phase as a business.  Wilcox added that Microsoft was poised to make huge advances in the cloud segment.

GoPro offers upbeat guidance for the current quarter

GoPro reported June quarter revenue of $419.9 million, up 71.7% from the corresponding quarter a year ago. The action camera maker posted earnings of $0.35 per share. Analysts on average were anticipating $0.26 per share in earnings and $395.2 million in revenue. GoPro CEO Nick Woodman said in a statement that the company had launched five new cameras in the last 10 months, including the latest Hero4 Session and Hero+ LCD.

The San Mateo-based company shipped 1.647 million devices during the quarter. Sales in North America rose 39% YoY to $212.3 million. Even more impressive was the revenue growth in international markets. GoPro said its EMEA revenue surged 105% to $137.2 million and Asia-Pacific revenues shot up 183% to $70.4 million. Notably, China has now become one of the top-10 revenue generating countries for GoPro.

GoPro also issued upbeat guidance for the current quarter. The company expects September quarter revenue of $430 million to $445 million and EPS between 29 and 32 cents. That s well above the consensus estimate of $404 million in revenue and 23 cents in EPS. Apple Inc. Should Consider Buying Tesla Motors Inc: Munster The management of Apple should consider buying Tesla Motors, said Gene Munster, managing director and senior research analyst at Piper Jaffray during an interview with Tom Keene and Michael McKeen on Bloomberg Radio.

Apple has $202.8 billion cash on hand. Keene and McKeen asked Munster s opinion as to what Apple should do with its huge amount of cash. Munster responded,  The big thing they could buy that I would be impressed with is Tesla. To me, when you think about that absurd amount of cash, you have to go after opportunities. I think automotive fits within that camp. 

There had been speculations that Apple is developing an electric car under a project called  Titan  given the fact that it is aggressively recruiting experts in the auto industry. The Wall Street Journal reported yesterday that Apple hired Doug Betts, an auto industry expert, who recently served as chief of global quality at Fiat.

Other auto industry executives who joined the tech giant include Steve Zadesky, a former engineer at Ford Motor Company and Paul Furgale, a former deputy director of Autonomous Systems Lab. Furgale developed that self-parking technology in the V-Charge Project of the European Commission.

Acquiring Tesla would be a smart move for Apple

According to Munster, it would be a smart move for Apple to acquire Tesla Motors over the long-term. He emphasized the electric car manufacturer is a leader in the industry.

Although Munster believes acquiring Tesla Motors is beneficial for Apple, he thinks the tech giant will likely develop its electric car if it would enter the auto business. He noted that Tesla CEO Elon Musk did not show any intention of selling the company.

Munster said,  Given Apple s DNA, it probably makes sense for them just to develop something on their own. If they would go the Tesla route, and if Elon Musk would step aside, which those are two big ifs, then it would make structural sense for them to do that. 

During a shareholders meeting in March, an investor told Apple CEO, Tim Cook,  I d like to see you guys buy Tesla. 

Cook responded,  We don t really have a relationship with Tesla. I d love Tesla to pick up CarPlay. Was that a good way to avoid the question? 

Apple Car idea is not totally bizarre

Bernstein analysts previously stated that the Apple Car idea is not totally bizarre. They pointed out that the tech giant aims domination once it enters a business category.

According to the analysts, Apple needs to overcome a huge number of technical barriers, achieve and simultaneously align a series of revolutionary developments to become feasible in the auto industry. Bernstein analysts suggested that the tech giant is evaluating the auto industry, and it is probably at the concept design stage of developing an Apple Car. Apple Inc. And IBM Expand Partnership With 10 New Business And Workplace Apps It's an unlikely pairing. Apple and IBM, working together to develop industry tools for iOS and promote corporate iPhone and iPad use. But following on from a strong start back in December, the two companies announced on Tuesday the launch of 10 new apps.

According to PCWorld, one of the apps, Safe Site, uses iBeacons to alert workers with an iPhone when they're approaching a work site hazard. iBeacons use Bluetooth low energy proximity sensing to transmit information to nearby devices. The app will also allow workers to report unsafe working conditions to their employers.

Four apps come as part of an "employee experience" package. Shift Track and Shift Sync are aimed at hourly workers such as those in cafes. The former is an iPad app targeted at employers for tracking schedules, while the latter is an iPhone and Apple Watch app for employees to manage their schedule. The two apps support sick days, vacation requests, and shift trades.

Photo: Apple

Travel Plan and Travel Track are for business travelers. The former is for planning a trip, allowing employees to view their travel history, book a hotel and find a suitable time to schedule a trip. Travel Track provides the itinerary and supports push notifications for flight boarding times and important meetings. The app also supports Apple Watch, meaning a traveler can quickly view schedules on his or her wrist.

Loan Advise and Loan Track are aimed at mortgage officers. While Advise offers real-time client information to provide the best advice to clients possible, Track analyzes the current loan applications to advise employees on which applications are likely to close soon, and then outlines what's needed to complete the application.

Expert Resolve, Asset Inspect and Field Inspect are aimed at employees working in the field inspecting equipment. While Expert Resolve and Asset Inspect are aimed at repair work, with the former aimed at cataloging work done on individual machines and the latter providing predictive analytics to suggest why something is not working, Field Inspect is instead aimed at government agencies. The app allows inspectors to take pictures and video with the iPad and send them over to the relevant agency.

Since the December launch, the partnership has yielded two smaller app launches. In March, IBM announced three apps targeted at the airline, retail and banking industries. In April, the two companies announced plans to bring iPads to 5 million Japanese senior citizens, complete with special apps with medication, diet and exercise information.

Apple reported huge sales for Q3 2015 on Tuesday, making over $10 billion in profit. Apple announced record-breaking revenue from its services in its quarterly report, which according to CEO Tim Cook, was driven by the App Store. 
2015-09-13
Apple Inc stock panic another opportunity for massive, discounted stock repurchase Feature

Since Apple announced its industry-leading earnings for fiscal Q3 on July 21, the company's stock price collapsed by about a third, encouraging facile analysts to predict further losses. In reality, Apple shares are being bought up at a massive discount by the company itself, in a clear bet on future appreciation.







This all happened before



Source: nasdaq.com

Dips in Apple's stock price are a good thing for long term investors: it means that the company itself is concentrating the value of its outstanding stock



Source: nasdaq.com

Apple vs Fantasy Apple

Two companies, two standards for fundamentals

China Concerns

Apple is selling China's vast emerging middle class technology products that, while perhaps luxurious, are broadly affordable.







Source: Apple Event citing IDC data

Currency Headwinds

The last time Apple's stock nose-dived after an earnings release, in January 2014, the stock panic shaved less than (a split adjusted) $10 off of Apple's share price. The company responded by scrambling to spend an incredible $18 billion to take advantage of faithless investors' extreme gullibility on behalf of its loyal shareholders.That action paid off tremendously. Apple bought up over 30 million shares at prices below (a split adjusted) $75, right before the stock again returned to more rational prices.Over the current quarter, Apple's stock price has plummeted by as much as $25 at one point, effectively erasing any appreciation contributed by the blockbuster sales of iPhone 6 over the past year (albeit never reaching below $100, well ahead of the last buyback-inducing stock panic trough). It's not hard to imagine how Apple has responded to this opportunity.Despite continued massive cashflow from operations, Apple continues to borrow money by the billions internationally, with only one possible intent: to again buy back as many shares as possible before the market comes to its senses.Borrowing capital at interest rates below 2 percent to buy shares that are currently languishing at a price that analyst consensus targets expect to rise by around 30 percent over the next year (to $150 , according to public market data) is a no-brainer, particularly for Apple's executives who fully grasp the potential of the company in the global markets it is operating across.If Apple were actually facing a upcoming barrier of slowing growth and a collapse of demand in China, rather than buying back its own stock it would be scrambling to acquire other companies with an actual, apparent strategy the way Google has been almost blindly gobbling up its Alphabet soup over the past several years as Android has done nothing and every one of its hardware efforts have all imploded into embarrassing ruin.Apple is also making acquisitions (albeit with a discernible strategy), but Apple's biggest ongoing acquisition over the past several years has been Apple itself, to the mind-blowing tune of $90 billion. That pace isn't expected to slow down. Instead, Apple says it expects to spend at least another $50 billion over the next seven quarters.It's not just Apple buying back its own stock. In Q3 ending in June, Apple initiated another $6 billion in Accelerated Share Repurchase, a deal handled by bankers on the company's behalf, who themselves are are incentivized to buy up those billions of shares at as low of a price as possible.So it's not just the smartest money guys in the room at Apple who are buying up Apple stock, it's also some of the smartest financial minds in the banking world who are buying up Apple at Apple's request. With all that going on, it probably shouldn't surprise anyone that there's a lot of talk floating about that's suggesting that Apple's stock price "ought to" probably dip some more, because no free advice is ever given that doesn't benefit those handing it out.Over the past quarter when those billions in buyback ASRs were outlined, Apple's stock price was reaching toward all time highs, suggesting that those ASR buybacks really began to accelerate only after Apple's shares began to tank this quarter. It will be shocking if Apple does not also announce a new surge in buybacks this quarter, when it announces earnings in October. The only thing that could possibly hold the company back from doing so would be its inability to raise capital fast enough.That highlights why dips in Apple's stock price are a good thing for long term investors: it means that the company itself is concentrating the value of its outstanding stock with capital in a market where prevailing low interest rates would otherwise provide little return on Apple's massive piles of money.While U.S. tax law is currently making it unattractive for Apple to spend its foreign earnings on buybacks, that pile of overseas capital is effectively guaranteeing bonds that raise cheap capital Apple can use to buyback its shares at an extreme discount.One indication that the market (and the consensus of analysts) haven't really grasped what's happening with Apple's buybacks is the fact that Apple's Earnings Per Share have consistently exceeded their expectations every quarter this year.Apple's incredible growth (double that of the industry at large overall, and even greater when just looking at iPhones), which continues despite its now vast size as the world's most valuable public company, seemingly should be reflected in its stock price.Instead, despite outperforming every peer over the past four quarters in terms of profit power, stock pundits have taken to instead comparing Apple to a magical imaginary Apple that grows even faster than the real Apple, shaking their heads in great disappointment that the world's best managed, most profitable company isn't as good at they estimated it could be.Remember, it's not their estimation that's wrong, it's that Apple didn't achieve numbers they imagineered, numbers that were actually just wrong in the real world. But pay no heed, that's how the market works. Using "percentages of growth" and other logical/statistical fallacies, you can be disappointed with greatness and enraptured with failure, convincing investors to flee from mountains of strong profitability into the comforting arms of frivolously burning pits of the ashes of cash.Imagine a sports match where athletes are not compared against each other or even against world record holders, but against whimsical imaginary targets invented by coaches that have never even performed as athletes and don't even fully grasp how the game is played. That's today's stock market, at least where Apple is involved.Conversely, gold medals are being handed out to a series of athletic hopefuls who are bedridden and in some cases comatose, simply because those same coaches have an extremely optimistic credulity in their future potential to score points, regardless of their dismal past past performance.One simple comparison: Apple's launch of the world's most successful consumer product ever, with no real signs of slowdown anywhere but the imagination of analysts who are regularly wrong, effectually has had virtually no impact on the company's stock price appreciation between today and its launch due to the recent stock price collapse ostensibly related to incredibly pessimistic concerns that the next iPhone might not exceed its blockbuster performance by a large amount.Amazon, on the other hand, completely botched its likely last opportunity to release a competitor into that same market with one of the biggest and most spectacular flops ever seen in consumer electronics. Across the death spiral of Fire Phone (and Fire TV), Amazon stock has appreciated by over 60 percent. This is a company that has essentially never turned a profit.Well, last quarter Amazon did manage to earn $92 million (on). Apple earned $10.7 billion on revenues of $49.6 billion. Amazon stock leapt while Apple's fell.Bloomberg Business subsequently raved that Amazon was the stock everyone was now running to as they abandoned Apple, due to the current percentages of change in stock price for the year, without even mentioning either number for profit or revenue, or either company's outlook, or the fact that Amazon's P/E is infinity while Apple's is insanity. Look, the stocks have changed directions! Follow! We're a website with free insight!Next quarter, Amazon said it hopes to earn $70 million, but warned that it might also lose $480 million, or more than five times as much as it earned in the previous quarter. So who knows, really. Pull out your Apple stock and hand it to Amazon to see what happens!Amazon isn't even in the terrible Fire Phone business anymore, but Apple is plagued with making most of its money on iPhone sales, which sounds like a grievous problem because everyone keeps saying that it is. Even worse, Apple is making lots of money in China, something that no other U.S. tech company has to really worry about.Unrest in China's stock market appears to be weighing on Apple's stock. Given that Apple is really the only tech company to have any real success in selling products in China, and given that success has been absolutely blockbuster, concerns regarding the vast Chinese market sensibly affect Apple more than, say, Amazon or Google, neither of which even have a foot in the door of the huge Chinese smartphone opportunity.Of course, those two companies have also earned virtually nothing on their entire, global smartphone efforts outside of China either. Both inside and outside of China, Apple is the only company making any real money on the scale of Apple. And Apple is growing while everyone else is increasingly struggling to turn a profit at all.If Apple's business in China involved massive spending on public infrastructure or investment income from its unwinding stock market, there might be cause for concern. However, in reality Apple is selling China's vast emerging middle class technology products that, while perhaps luxurious, are broadly affordable.Look no further than young wage slaves in the United States to consider whether people on a limited income (or even people carrying exhausting, crippling student loan debt) aspire to save money by depriving themselves of the latest iPhone.Even China's minority with exposure to massive stock market losses is unlikely to decide that the most pressing economic concern in their lives is whether they're spending the equivalent of about $30 per month financing a new iPhone or not, given that Apple's brand in China is a status symbol unmatched by anyone, let alone a third rate knockoff smartphone.China's 4G mobile service continues to be built out from virtually nothing just a year or two ago. Incredible numbers of people are buying new iPhones to take advantage of it. Apple's market share in China could drop and the company would still be growing dramatically. Instead, Apple's growth is still outpacing the industry by a huge margin.And outside of China, Apple's massively successful iPhone 6 launch, which has reclaimed market share in nearly every market, has helped to establish Apple's brand as shorthand for "customer satisfaction." Apple's only real rivals in smartphones are not only led by a disastrously poor series of rollouts by Samsung, but are also plagued by the malcontent associated with Android and its increasingly appalling reputation for security flaws that never get fixed by a company that doesn't seem to even care about it.It's sort of like 2002's "Get a Mac" vs Windows XP malware crisis, but with a replacement Microsoft that's not even panicking to get a handle on the mess it created. If you recall how that worked out for Microsoft--even as it scrambled for years to patch up Windows XP's leaky holes--imagine a repeat where today's "Windows" platform has no financial motivation for Google to even address, even as its licensee and carrier partners are making any patchwork efforts by Android's primary developer essentially irrelevant to customers anyway, because they'll unlikely to ever get them.Also witness how unsuccessful Microsoft has been in convincing Windows XP users to come back to Windows 7, 8, and 10 after getting a taste of a Mac or an iPad. Apple's computer sales growth is greatly outpacing PC sales and have been for years.If somebody should be concerned about China, it should be the companies who have failed to make any inroads in the country or have been essentially blocked out by the State the way Google has.There are legitimate concerns in front of Apple, one notable issue being foreign currency headwinds. The U.S. dollar has been appreciating against a wide variety of other currencies, making Apple's exports more expensive. If this hadn't happened over the last two quarters, Apple earnings results would have been even better.However, Apple has weathered unfavorable currency fluctuations better than many of its peers simply because it is so profitable, and it has the capital and credit to enter long term hedging contracts to mitigate risk. Additionally, it's unlikely that the situation will continue to worsen at the same rate going forward, given the impact the surging dollar already has on every other American company.At the same time, energy costs are also continuing to fall, making Apple's international shipments and other transportation costs cheaper. The price of oil is expected to fall faster than the dollar can rise, offering some offset. And as oil falls, producer countries including Saudi Arabia are selling off their dollar reserves, blunting the dollar's rise.Additionally, today's stronger dollars should also make it cheaper for Apple to invest in large infrastructure, production and lavish retail projects internationally, such as the surge in expensive retail stores Apple is working to build across China over the next few years.Apple is expected to report its September quarter results October 19, which will include details on the size of its buybacks during the quarter and its performance leading up to new releases of iPhone 6s, iPad Pro and Apple TV, products which will largely or entirely contribute to the company's following fiscal Q1 2016, given their later than usual launches this year.Until then, expect a lot of concerned handwringing worrying about Apple's future prospects, despite the fact that its competitors have never been weaker, its products have never been stronger, and it has never had more employees, more capital and a better ecosystem and retail network in place. It has to fail at some point, right? One Year Later, Is the Apple Inc. iPad Air 2 Still a Worthy Flagship Tablet? On Sept. 9, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) held a large product launch event at which it introduced, among many other things, the new iPad Pro -- a very large iPad aimed at professional and enterprise users. On the other hand, though, Apple didn't even bother refreshing its top 9.7-inch iPad Air, with the company instead opting to continue selling last year's iPad Air 2 models at the same prices that they launched at.

Although this move had been rumored in the press for a while, I must admit that it was initially a little surprising to see Apple forgo an iPad Air update this year and announce that it will continue selling last year's iPad Air 2 as its flagship 10-inch tablet.

One question that I think is worth asking then, is, "Will the iPad Air 2 hold up as a flagship 10-inch tablet over the next year?"

Let's take a closer look.

What is the iPad Air 2 competing against?

There are plenty of high-end tablets in the market, but I would argue that the two tablets that the iPad Air 2 should be compared against are the Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Surface 3 and the recently launched Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy Tab S2.

The Galaxy Tab S2 represents, in my mind, the best competition that the iPad Air 2 is going to get from the wide world of Android tablets, and the recently launched Surface 3 probably represents the best from the Atom-based Windows tablet camp.

The spec showdown

In the following table, I include the key hardware specifications of these three tablets so that we can look at them side-by-side:

Apple iPad Air 2 Microsoft Surface 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 Processor Apple A8X Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Atom x7-8700 Samsung Exynos 5433 RAM 2GB LPDDR3 2GB/4GB LPDDR3 (depending on configuration) 3GB LPDDR3 Screen 2048-by-1536 LCD 1920-by-1280 LCD 2048-by-1536 Super AMOLED Camera 1.2MP front/8MP rear 3.5MP front/8MP rear 2.1MP front/8MP rear OS iOS 9 Windows 10 Android 5.0.2 Connectivity 802.11ac 802.11ac 802.11ac

I believe that in terms of CPU and graphics performance, the iPad Air 2 is the clear winner here according to performance tests of these various chips found on AnandTech. As far as other specifications, Apple looks like it has a competitive, high-resolution display and plenty of memory (albeit less than both the Tab S2 and the Surface 3 in its highest-end configuration).

Apple has the lowest-resolution front-facing camera, though.

It's pretty clear why Apple didn't bother updating this tablet

At this point it's pretty clear why Apple didn't bother updating the iPad Air 2 -- it's already best-in-class as far as 10-inch tablets go in terms of specifications, and the device should become significantly more useful to customers once iOS 9 -- which includes, among other things, split-screen multitasking support -- rolls out later this month.

Now, one reason the iPad Air 2 is still so competitive even a year after launch is that -- at least in my view -- innovation in the rest of the tablet market has slowed significantly.

For one thing, Apple seems to have much of the high end of the tablet market on lockdown. During Apple's most recent earnings call, company CFO Luca Maestri said iPad has 76% share of tablets priced above $200 in the United States.

Although Apple's competition in this market could probably push even harder to try to gain some share at the high end, it might not be worth the risk to them given how hard they seem to have tried (and apparently failed).

Furthermore, there is a widespread view that the tablet market is being "cannibalized" to some extent by large-screen phones, which is where many of the mobile device vendors seem to be aggressively pushing.

All told, I think Apple made a bold, but seemingly correct, choice in keeping the iPad Air lineup untouched this year and instead putting its best foot forward with the iPad Pro. 
2015-11-18
InvenSense, Inc. Unlikely to Supply Fingerprint Sensor for Future Apple Inc ... Fellow Fool Chris Neiger recently penned a very interesting article discussing InvenSense's (NYSE:INVN) new fingerprint scanning technology and the potential for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) to adopt it.

Just to recap, InvenSense's new fingerprint sensing technology allows smartphone vendors to turn the display of a mobile device into a fingerprint sensor, eliminating the need for a fingerprint sensor embedded in a separate area (in Apple's case, in the home button).

Neiger says that although it's not a guarantee that Apple will use this technology in a future iPhone, he doesn't think it's out of the question.

I disagree; I think that there is essentially zero chance that InvenSense will win an iPhone fingerprint sensor spot. Here's why.

Apple rolls its own fingerprint sensors, thank-you-very-much

You may recall that Apple acquired a company known as AuthenTec back in 2012 for $356 million. Apple put the AuthenTec assets and teams to good use, introducing its first Touch ID fingerprint sensor in the iPhone 5s which launched in the fall of 2013.

Since then, I would argue that Apple has led the industry with respect to fingerprint recognition technology. As Android vendors have just now begun to implement touch area fingerprint sensors similar to the first generation Touch ID, Apple is already shipping its much improved second generation Touch ID as part of the iPhone 6s.

I don't want to take away from InvenSense's interesting technology, but I think Apple's internal fingerprint scanning research and development pipeline is quite robust, making it unlikely that it will use a third party solution. Remember that Apple presciently picked up AuthenTec and I am sure that since this purchase Apple has been investing heavily in future biometric sensing technologies.

And, frankly, given how much revenue Apple has riding on the iPhone, I would be shocked if the company weren't spending significant amounts of money recruiting some of the most innovative minds in the industry to try to stay ahead of the curve with respect to biometrics.

InvenSense can potentially make decent money selling this tech to Android vendors

The market for InvenSense's new fingerprint scanning solution -- which the company expects to begin ramping to production in calendar 2017 -- is probably going to be high-end Android devices rather than Apple's iPhone. InvenSense can also go after high end Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows smartphones, but given the software giant's extremely small market share in phones, I'm not so sure how big of a win that is.

If InvenSense's technology is really ahead of what other merchant fingerprint reader vendors, like Synaptics (NASDAQ:SYNA) (whose fingerprint scanners can be found in flagship Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) phones) and Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) (which has been promoting its "Snapdragon Sense ID" technology) can offer while coming in at reasonable cost, then I think it could make some good money from these products.

However, it's worth noting that any potential financial impact from this technology is more than a year away and I doubt that the competition is standing still. It is by no means a guarantee that, by the time that InvenSense's solution is available on the market, it will be the only product available with the capabilities that the company is advertising.

From an investment perspective, I would be cautiously optimistic that InvenSense will be able to increase its content share within high-end smartphones with this technology, but it's not something that -- at this point -- is going to drastically influence my opinion of the business or the stock. Alphabet Inc Killing Chrome: Is This a Greater Threat to Apple Inc or ... We tend to overestimate the effect of a technology in the short run and underestimate the effect in the long run.

-- Roy Amara

Amara, a noted technology researcher, is best known for his eponymous law, a statement that I find rings true the longer I write about technology and the companies and stocks bringing innovation to market.

On reading about Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) decision to kill its Chrome desktop operating system late last month, I couldn't help being reminded of Amara's wise words. Because while Alphabet's move might seem small in isolation, it could hold major implications for the future balance of power in desktop computing, a dynamic that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) investors will want to watch closely.

Au revior, Chrome OS

Several weeks ago, word surfaced that Alphabet plans to combine its relatively unknown Chrome desktop computer operating system into its dominant Android mobile OS, according to people familiar with the company's thinking.

Although this news might sound small-scale at first glance, the news represents the culmination of two years of private engineering efforts on the part of Google's engineering teams. And more importantly, it sends a clear signal regarding Alphabet's long-term strategy in expanding Google's presence from a provider of some of the most indispensable products today -- search, maps, and so on -- into the dominant computing platform in the world, if it wasn't already.

The strategy appears to involve having Alphabet "back-door" or leverage its utter dominance of its Android mobile operating system as a channel to create an equally formidable presence in desktop computing. As emerging market smartphone growth has favored low-cost devices powered by Google's free Android OS, Alphabet's death grip on the market for smartphone software has only solidified in recent years.

However, owing to the outsized influence of Microsoft and, to a lesser extent, Apple, the Chrome OS has been stymied in its efforts to gain market share since its retail debut in 2011. According to research firm IDC, Chrome OS holds less than 3% of the total desktop market.

This fusing of operating systems will take some time, though. Alphabet has said Google will bring the first Android desktop computers to market in 2017, although demos should begin at some point next year. Either way, this news should pique the interest of Apple and Microsoft shareholders.

Bigger threat to Apple Or Microsoft?

Although Apple has some skin in the game here, this really represents a serious threat to Microsoft's slowly evolving computing strategy.

For Apple, watching Alphabet create a seamlessly integrated smartphone-to-desktop experience adds to its chief rival's value proposition in both consumer electronics markets. However, Apple's end-to-end hardware and software ecosystem should help inoculate it against Alphabet. In testament to the strength of its ecosystem, the success of the iPhone has helped make Mac sales the lone bright spot in an otherwise gloomy personal computer market in recent years. So again, while this move could crimp Mac sales, Microsoft investors would do well to recognize the move as a material threat to their investment.

Although it has made progress in recent years, Microsoft remains frustratingly dependent on both its Windows desktop OS and Office productivity software to drive the bulk of its financial performance. Though overtaken by cloud services as Microsoft's second-largest reporting segment last year, Windows software still accounted for 19% of Microsoft's 2014 revenue.

Server and cloud products can continue to take up some of the slack, but Microsoft has few answers about how it can continue to monetize its Windows software, especially if Alphabet mirrors its mobile strategy and charges nothing for Google's Android desktop OS.

Again, it isn't immediately clear to what degree this could happen, and it's worth noting that Microsoft isn't without ammunition of its own. Microsoft's biggest weapon is Windows, still a de facto productivity tool the world over. While many corporations remain wedded to Office, new alternatives such as Slack -- which I've said Microsoft should buy -- and Alphabet's suite of free Google Docs could eventually undo Microsoft's stranglehold on productivity software.

As Amara's opening quote implied, Alphabet's forthcoming flanking maneuver on Microsoft in desktop will play out gradually. It could also, at its most extreme, alter the balance of power in the last bastion of computing that Google doesn't dominate already. Microsoft investors, you have been warned. Apple: Foxconn Results Indicate Strong iPhone Growth This Quarter  Apple The Biggest Threat To Visa And MasterCard Source: Apple

In the last few months, the competition over the electronic and mobile payments market has intensified as new players like Samsung Pay (OTC:SSNLF) and Google's Android Pay (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) joined Apple Pay (NASDAQ:AAPL), PayPal (NASDAQ:PYPL), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and many more in the race to become the favorite payment processor. The increased competition makes it very hard for most players to generate adequate revenues in this market. However, the two biggest winners from this situation are Visa (NYSE:V) and MasterCard (NYSE:MA), which process the payments behind the scenes. As I described in an earlier article, having a large number of players in this market allows Visa and MasterCard to keep the control over the transaction processing fees in their hands as there are no immediate leaders to require terms or discounts.

Visa and MasterCard maintain their position in the e-payments market as long as no one challenges their dominance in the market and questions that model. Most companies active in the e-payments market don't want to poke the bear and risk their relationship with Visa or MasterCard so they take the situation as is and try to work within their boundaries. However, the real threat to the credit card duo is Apple - the tech giant has already proved that it could change consumer habits and market dynamics and according to its recent actions, Visa and MasterCard should be concerned.

The e-payments market has three vectors: in-store payments, online or in-app payments, and peer-to-peer transactions. Ultimately Apple's goal is to transact payments directly between customers and merchants and between two users of Apple Pay in order to cut the middleman fee and increase net revenue from the Apple Pay business. The first step toward complete independence would be to convince banks around the world to partner with Apple and bypass the large credit card companies. Apple and the banks could generate more cash from such a model than the current credit card model. However, banks have a lot to lose in such a move. Banks would be glad to work directly with the e-payment service. However, they need to keep their relationship with the major credit card companies intact. Moreover, this move could transfer traditional activities, like cash or check transactions, from traditional banks to e-payment services. To succeed, Apple challenges the financial industry on three fronts.

First Front: Partner with AmEx in Canada and Australia

Apple Pay's penetration into Canada shed some light on Apple's struggle to challenge the current credit card model. After months of negotiations with local banks and the international credit card networks, the company decided to launch the service solely based on the American Express (NYSE:AXP) customer base. However, when AmEx holds only 6% of the credit card market in Canada, Apple Pay is not likely to become a huge success up north. In its fiscal Q4 2015 conference call, CEO Tim Cook mentioned that Apple will partner with AmEx not only in Canada but also in Australia when the service becomes available later this year.

This strategy is different from the one that the company took last year when it entered the U.K. and partnered with all three major credit card companies and with the major banks. The change in strategy seems like a tool to put pressure on credit card companies and banks while Apple Pay expands worldwide. As the global banks and the credit card companies become aware of Apple's impact on consumers' habits, it's hard to imagine that they will decide to ignore Apple Pay worldwide. I believe Apple's partnership with AmEx is a move to expedite negotiations with banks and credit card networks worldwide.

Second Front: Penetrate the P2P transactions market

Negotiating with banks on a peer-to-peer transaction service adds another piece to the puzzle. As I mentioned earlier, the e-payment business has three vectors, and Apple attacks each one of them. Apple Pay's P2P transaction could impact not only rival services but also Visa and MasterCard services - by gaining more share and power in one vector, Apple could use it to receive better terms from banks and credit card companies in other vectors.

Third Front: Acquisitions

On another front, to gain additional market share in the competitive e-payments market in the short term with a proven outcome, the company could acquire one (or more) of the existing players, like Square (NYSE:SQ) and Stripe. This move could put much more pressure on banks and credit card companies to settle with Apple on fees and terms, and Apple could slowly expand globally with its massive power, leaving local banks worldwide little power to negotiate on terms.

Conclusion

I believe Apple's multi-front move will succeed, and in a few years we will see Apple controlling a significant piece of the e-payments market. As only the in-store e-payments market is expected to be worth more than $800B in 2019, Apple Pay could grow to become a significant portion of the company's revenue mix in a few years.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL, PYPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: The information provided in this article is for informational purposes only and should not be regarded as investment advice or a recommendation regarding any particular security or course of action. This information is the writer's opinion about the companies mentioned in the article. Investors should conduct their due diligence and consult with a registered financial adviser before making any investment decision. Lior Ronen and Finro are not registered financial advisers and shall not have any liability for any damages of any kind whatsoever relating to this material. By accepting this material, you acknowledge, understand and accept the foregoing. 
2015-04-19
1 Huge Surprise Inside of Apple Inc.'s New MacBook When AnandTech first published its review of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) 2015 MacBook, the reviewer observed that Apple may have designed its own solid state drive controller based on how Mac OS identified the solid state drive. iFixit's teardown of the new MacBook leads AnandTech's Ryan Smith to suggest that "Apple had some kind of hand in developing the SSD controller."

Some background

Back in 2011, Apple purchased Israel-based Anobit, a developer of flash memory controllers, for a purchase price said to be $390 million.

To put this into perspective, this is the kind of money that established flash memory controller vendors -- complete with respectable revenue streams -- have sold for. For example, LSI paid $370 million for flash controller vendor SandForce in 2011 (It was later sold to Seagate for $450 million).

At any rate, Apple's purchase price was probably a major hint that it had significant ambitions in the flash controller silicon space; it seems that acquisition may finally be paying off with the new MacBook.

What does this mean for Apple (and its current suppliers)?

Most of Apple's Mac products use flash controllers sourced from third party vendors. In the latest MacBook Air, Retina MacBook Pro, and Mac Pro computers, iFixit reports that Apple uses controllers designed and built by Samsung.

I suspect that, if the new MacBook really does feature an Apple-designed flash controller, Apple eventually plans to migrate away from Samsung controllers in favor of internally designed chips.

By bringing its own controllers to the market, Apple can have more control over the storage subsystems in future Macs. Apple seems to like having as much control of the design and performance characteristics of its products as possible, so this fits right in with Apple's strategy.

Has Apple done a good job?

In AnandTech's review of the new MacBook, the storage subsystem of the device seems to deliver very high performance. In many tests, the new MacBook delivered better storage performance than the mid-2013 MacBook Air, although it did fall behind in the 4KB random write test.

At any rate, if this really is an Apple-designed flash controller, it looks like the company got its money's worth from that acquisition of Anobit.

This is why I love Apple's M&A strategy

Although Apple recently spent a lot of money acquiring Beats (I'm still scratching my head over that one), it generally buys relatively small companies to help it add key technological assets and capabilities to its portfolio.

Perhaps the best examples of this strategy in action are Apple's acquisitions of P.A. Semiconductor and Intrinsity for $278 million and $121 million, respectively. These relatively small acquisitions, coupled with smart investment over several years, have allowed Apple to become a premier processor design house.

Apple obviously doesn't announce every acquisition that it makes, but news of those acquisitions often leak to the public. Given Apple's successful track record of acquiring and developing compelling technology, I can't wait to see the fruits of Apple's other acquisitions, such as its recent purchase of mobile camera start-up LinX, in due time. Apple's Watch Strategy Embraces The 80-20 Rule  
2015-10-12
Why Intel Has Nearly Zero Chance of Winning Apple Inc.'s A-Chip Business ... On Sept. 30, analyst Timothy Arcuri with Cowen and Company put out a note (via Barron's) suggesting that Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) might have an opportunity to win Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) A10 chip manufacturing business.

The A9, which made its debut with the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, is dual sourced from both Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) and Taiwan Semiconductor (NYSE:TSM) on their respective 14-nanometer and 16-nanometer processes.

Arcuri argues that because 10-nanometer technology from the foundries won't be available in time for a 2016 ramp of the A10, Apple could choose to build the A10 on Intel's 14-nanometer process which he argues offers performance and area scaling benefits relative to the current foundry 14/16-nanometer processes.

However, I think that Arcuri is incorrect about the A10. Furthermore, I believe that Intel has effectively no chance of winning Apple's A-chip business at least over the next several manufacturing technology generations. Here's why.

A10 is already decided, and it's not Intel Inside; Intel 10nm too late for A11

Although Arcuri's speculation with respect to Apple's potential plans for the A10 seem sensible, it was recently reported in the Commercial Times that TSMC has won the entirety of the Apple A10 orders -- something that I believe to be accurate.

With Intel 14-nanometer essentially out of the Apple A-chip equation, the next process that Intel could conceivably be able to win Apple business at is the 10-nanometer node. However, there is plenty of reason to be skeptical that this is possible.

Keep in mind that with each generation, Intel rolls out two "flavors" of its manufacturing processes; one tuned for high-performance CPUs and one with the required features and transistor options suitable for system-on-chip designs. The high performance CPU process flavor is usually first with the system-on-chip process available some number of quarters later -- though to Intel's credit, at the 14-nanometer generation this gap was just two quarters.

Intel has said that it plans its first internal 10-nanometer products to arrive in the marketplace during the second half of 2017. I would be absolutely floored if Intel were able to successfully ramp a high-volume system-on-a-chip for what is one of the industry's most demanding fabless chipmakers at the same time that it's trying to deliver its first 10-nanometer PC products.

TSMC and Samsung, on the other hand, have both signaled that they will go into high volume production at the 10-nanometer node by the end of 2016, which should give either of them enough time to ramp up production for Apple.

What about the 2018 iPhone?

For the 2018 iPhone, a similar argument for Intel's 10-nanometer that Arcuri made for Apple potentially using Intel 14-nanometer could be made. Based on public statements about transistor area scaling in going from 14/16-nanometer to 10-nanometer, it looks like Intel will have a significant transistor density advantage over what TSMC brings at 10.

However, TSMC has publicly said that it plans to commence "risk production" of its 7-nanometer technology in early 2017. This technology, according to TSMC's Jack Sun (via EETimes), should deliver "either 10%-15% higher speeds or 25%-30% lower power than the 10-nanometer node" and 40%-45% less area (i.e., a scaling factor of between 0.55 and 0.6).

This node, if TSMC delivers, should be able to close the gap that will probably exist between Intel's and TSMC's respective 10-nanometer nodes.

If TSMC can get 7-nanometer into high volume manufacturing by the first quarter of 2018, a year after "risk production" is slated to begin, then I suspect that this will be more attractive to Apple than Intel's 10-nanometer technology for the iPhone that launches in the fall of 2018.

As an Intel stockholder, I'm not counting on seeing the company win the manufacturing contract to build Apple's A-series processors for the foreseeable future. Invest like Philippe Laffont: Apple, Inc. (AAPL), GoPro, Inc. (GPRO) and Avago ... According to Forbes, Philippe Laffont is one of the highest-earning hedge fund managers. Laffont s Coatue Management has a portfolio value of $10.03 billion. In the second quarter alone, Laffont s hedge fund earned an average return of +3.96%. In the last three years, his hedge fund has earned an annualized return of +19.25%. Laffont made several transactions in the second quarter that attributed to his success, including moves on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), GoPro Inc. (NASDAQ:GPRO), and Avago Technologies Ltd. (NASDAQ:AVGO).

In the second quarter, Laffont added shares of Apple to his portfolio. The technology giant constitutes the largest portion of his portfolio at 9.55% and is worth $958.32 million. Apple has been in news for the record sales of its latest iPhones. In the launch weekend, the company sold over 13 million units of iPhone 6S and 6S Plus as opposed to 10 million units sold of the previous versions of iPhones during the launch weekend last year.

As per TipRanks  statistics, out of 38 analyst ratings who have rated Apple in the last 3 months, 28 have rated it a Buy; 9 have rated it as Hold; while 1 has recommended to Sell the stock. The average price target for Apple s stock is $147.03, an upside of 31% from current levels.

However, Laffont was not bullish on all of his holdings. He sold all of his holdings of GoPro. The stock has recently been making news after it hit an all-time low of $27.52 last week. The company is facing several challenges including the lower-than-expected response to its latest Hero 4 Session cameras as well as slowing demand for its action cameras in Europe and China.

Interestingly enough, none of the analysts polled by TipRanks are as bearish as Laffont on GoPro. Of the 17 analysts who have recently rated the stock, 13 have recommended to Buy GoPro while 4 have recommended to Hold the stock, with no analyst giving a Sell rating. As per consensus estimates, the average 12-month price target for GoPro is $67.57, an upside of nearly 140% from current levels.

Additionally, Laffont reduced his holdings in Avago Technologies in the second quarter by 34.65%. Avago has seen high levels of insider selling over the past month. A week ago, President and CEO Hock Tan sold 105,729 shares worth $12,754,325; that s 43% of his total stake in the company. Nearly a month ago, the company s CFO had sold shares worth $669,450.

However, analysts  view on Avagos  stock, based on TipRanks  statistics, is different than Laffont. Of the 15 analysts who have recently rated the company, 13 have rated it as Buy, 1 has rated it as Hold, and 1 has given a Sell rating to the stock. The average consensus price target for Avago s stock is $157.79, an upside of nearly 35% from present levels. Apple Stores are supposed to be run by Apple Inc, but then this is India Customers line up for the new iPhone 6S outside an Apple Store in Menlo Park, California late September. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan) Customers line up for the new iPhone 6S outside an Apple Store in Menlo Park, California late September. (Source: Nandagopal Rajan)

The  Apple Store  is all set to debut in India, though not operated by Apple Inc as is the norm. In India, as per reports, the signature wooden tables and counters will be hosted by Tata-owned consumer electronics chain Croma at six locations in Mumbai and Bengaluru as a pilot.

News agency ANI quoted Avijit Mitra, CEO of Infiniti Retail, as saying that they were proud to partner with Apple to launch the Apple Store in India and extremely bullish about it. The first stores will be at Malad, Juhu, Oberoi Mall, Phoenix Mall and Ghatkopar in Mumbai and the Croma store in Bengaluru s Jayanagar. The stores will start running before Diwali next month.

Though not an Apple store in the real sense, the design, furniture, fixtures and lighting will the same as that used in these stores globally and the sales staff will also be trained by the company. In India, Apple sells through premium resellers, who run exclusive brand stores under the franchise model, and also at multi brand mobile and consumer electronics retail chains.

Apple sold 1.7 million iPhones in India between October 2014 and September 2015, the company s financial year, compared with 1.1 million units earlier, according to market tracker sources.

For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now

  IE Online Media Services Pvt Ltd Apple: Mac Sales Delivered Increased Market Share But Still Posted Negative Growth  
2015-02-03
3 Things That Should Concern Apple, Inc. Shareholders Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) just turned in the best earnings report in history. At $18 billion, Apple's quarterly profit was more than any other company has ever earned. Revenue rose 30%, earnings jumped 48%, andApple's cash hoard is now sitting just shy of $180 billion.

Indeed, the company appears to be firing on all cylinders, and consumers are eagerly snatching up its high-priced, high-margin iPhones.

But while it's hard to say anything negative about Apple's earnings report, in the interest of skepticism, there are still a few factors that should concern shareholders.

1. Apple's business is now almost entirely dependent on the iPhone

Apple's business is, for all practical purposes, the iPhone. Last quarter, iPhone sales generated roughly 69% of Apple's revenue, up from about 56% in the same quarter last year. Apple's services -- iTunes, Apple Pay, Apple Care -- accounted for 6%. Given that the bulk of these services are directly related to the iPhone, Apple's handset now accounts for nearly three-quarters of its revenue.

Clearly, Apple's iPhone is a tremendous product, and the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in particular, have been amazingly successful. But to be so overwhelmingly dependent on one product alone could make Apple vulnerable to changing conditions in the handset market.

Its chief rival, Samsung, has seen its shares drop and its earnings plummet after competition from Apple and other vendors reduced the demand for its Galaxy handsets. Yet, Samsung still has a number of other business units to fall back on -- including semiconductors, memory chips, televisions, and appliances, among others. Apple doesn't have the same luxury, and if the iPhone ever falls out of favor, Apple could struggle.

2. Demand for the iPad continues to fall

Apple's increasing dependence on its iPhone is mostly due to its growing popularity -- Apple sold 74.5 million handsets last quarter, a new record. But almost equally as important is the decline of iPad. Sales of Apple's tablet fell 18% on an annual basis, continuing a trend that has been ongoing for more than a year. The iPads Apple sold were also cheaper, leading to 22% drop revenue.

Apple's management continues to argue that the iPad has a bright future in the long-run, and that it should benefit from Apple's push into the enterprise. That may be true, but at this point, the once popular notion that its iPad would eventually emerge as Apple's most popular product seems quite unrealistic.

3. China is quickly becoming Apple's most important market

Last, and frankly least concerning, is Apple's increasing reliance on China. Moving into China has actually been one of Apple's stated goals, and the increasing amount of revenue it derives from the country is more of a reason to cheer than to be alarmed, but the Chinese market poses a number of unique risks.

China's policies on intellectual property are famously lax. The familiar designs utilized by its Chinese rival Xiaomi, for example, are tolerated in China, but unlikely to fly elsewhere. Apple's reliance on hardware sales makes it less likely to suffer from piracy -- an issue that has long plagued competitors like Microsoft in China -- but the Chinese government has been more vocal in its desire to see homegrown companies dominate the mobile space.

In May, 2013, a Chinese government research institution specifically called out the Android operating system for being too dominant in China. Ultimately, nothing of substance came from the report, but it did highlight a risk -- if Apple becomes too dominant in China, the Chinese government could actively work to undermine it.

While this risk is minor, it's one still worth considering. China is now the iPhone's second-largest market, and Apple's third largest overall (behind Europe by only 1%). 3 Must-See Quotes From Apple Inc.'s Q1 Earnings Call While the figures from Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) expectation-crushing earnings release -- record iPhone sales, EPS growth of 48%, a mind-boggling top line of $74.6 billion, etc. -- were telling, a few new quotes from the company's live Q1 conference call following the release provided useful insight for Apple investors, too. Here are three must-see quotes from the call.

Apple Watch is coming

No more wondering what "early 2015," means. Apple Watch sales will begin in April, Cook said during the call. Perhaps more importantly, Cook says he thinks the Watch will be well received by customers.

"My expectations are very high on it. I'm using it every day and love it and I can't live without it," Cook said. "The number of developers that are writing apps more for it are impressive and we're seeing some incredible innovation coming out there."

Of course, you should expect a CEO to talk about his company's newest product in this way. But a year from now we will be able to look back on this quote to see whether or not Cook was right.

Analyst expectations for the device are all over the place. But if just a fraction of Apple's iPhone user base purchase the device, Apple Watch sales could be in the millions.

Growth in China is monstrous

If investors are looking for reasons Apple's iPhone business could still have upside going forward, China is the best answer. The world's largest smartphone market continues to look like a huge opportunity for the company.

"Our online revenues in China last quarter were more than the sum of the previous five years," Cook explained, illustrating just how impressive the growth in China has been for Apple recently. "And so it's an incredible market. I think people love Apple products and we are going to do our best to serve the market."

iPhone sales in the country were up 100% from the year-ago quarter, Apple CFO Luca Maestri explained during the call. This is particularly impressive since during the year-ago quarter the newest iPhone models were available in the country for the entire quarter; this year the new models weren't launched in China until the second half of October.

Maestri said during the conference call that it opened two new stores in Greater China in January. Further, he said Apple will have 20 stores soon and that it will double that number by mid-2016.

A capital return goldmine

Apple ended Q1 with a record $178 billion in cash plus marketable securities. The tech giant's growing war chest is hitting new highs in spite of an aggressive program to return cash to shareholders. Apple CFO Luca Maestri provided some helpful perspective on the giant sum of cash the company has already returned, as well as a specific time-frame for when the company will update its current capital return program.

We have now taken action on almost $103 billion of our $130 billion capital return program, including $73 billion in share repurchases, with four quarters remaining to its completion. In the last twelve months alone, we have returned over $57 billion to our investors. We review our capital return program on an ongoing basis. We continue to solicit feedback from a broad base of investors and we're on track to announce an update to the program in April when we report our second quarter results.

One analyst has suggested Apple could afford to return as much as $200 billion to shareholders over a three year period through stock buybacks and dividends. Most investors will likely be expecting Apple to announce both a bigger commitment to share repurchases and a dividend increase. Mysterious 'Apple Electric Car, Inc.' files for patent Apple has long been rumored to be interested in electric cars, so when a patent was granted Tuesday to "Apple Electric Car, Inc.," that raised more than a few eyebrows.

The patent, first discovered by blog Patently Apple, isn't necessarily from Apple, maker of various iGizmos. The patent is for an adjustable mount for a computerized display in a golf cart. Unless Tim Cook thinks the iGolf is the wave of the future, the brand name is likely just a coincidence.

Still, Apple (AAPL, Tech30) and electric cars seem to be a marriage just waiting to happen.

The tech world went nuts a year ago when the San Francisco Chronicle reported that Tesla (TSLA) CEO Elon Musk had been spotted at Apple's Cupertino, California, headquarters. (Musk later said it wasn't about an acquisition.)

Wall Street analysts have been hinting for years that Apple could be mulling an investment in -- or a purchase of -- the electric car company. A company called ELEKS has developed an Apple Watch app that allows people to control their Teslas from their wrists.

So what's Apple waiting for? IPhones pretty much do everything except drive us around anyway. Could this patent be proof that Apple is getting into the electric car business?

"Of course not," said Jack Purcher of Patently Apple. "It's likely just a one in a million fluke that it appeared on today's list of granted patents for 'Apple.' Yet there it was in black and white this morning."

Purcher noted in this blog that the granted patent might have been acquired by another company, because one of the inventors listed on the patent has no connection to Apple Electric Car, Inc. The patent allows a golf cart's display to be viewed by the driver "regardless of whether the user is inside or outside the golf car," according to the filing.

"Will this possible clue lead to something more substantive down the road?" Purcher wondered. "Only time will tell." 
2015-10-03
Apple, Inc. Quietly Steals Sony's Waterproof Thunder For the past couple of years, iconic Japanese gadget maker Sony (NYSE:SNE) has attempted to put its differentiation stake in the smartphone ground by betting big on waterproof smartphones. This has been a big marketing push for Sony's Xperia Z lineup, resulting in marketing images like this one:

Samsung characteristically followed Sony down this waterproof path. As always, the South Korean conglomerate likes to emulate rivals in every imaginable way as a hedge in case they're on to something. The Galaxy S4 Active was Samsung's answer to Sony's Xperia Z. Unfortunately for Sony, the strategy hasn't worked as its smartphone market share remains in the low single digits while its smartphone segment lost billions of dollars last year.

Sony CEO Kazuo Hirai has openly expressed a willingness to exit the smartphone market, but Sony's mobile chief has reiterated the company's commitment to smartphones. It's not clear what will happen here. Worse yet, it turns out that Sony's waterproof smartphones aren't actually all that waterproof.

Sony: Don't use your waterproof phones in water

Last month, Sony quietly updated its support page and explicitly warns users not to use their waterproof phones underwater, as first spotted by Xperia Blog. Sony describes the conditions under which it tests its phones, as well as the international standard IP ratings that are used. Sony also reminds users: "Remember not to use the device underwater."

That statement directly contradicts Sony's once-aggressive marketing.

Apple: One more thing...

It turns out that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) newest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are remarkably water-resistant. For a company that loves to brag about its latest accomplishments, the Mac maker surprisingly said nothing of this new functionality when it unveiled the new devices last month. That's not to say that the iPhone 6s is completely waterproof, but there have been numerous videos of users completely submerging their new iPhones in water.

The new iPhones sustain extended exposure in shallow water without any problems, although deeper water causes issues due to increased water pressure. Still, I would have expected Apple to tout the new devices as "the most water resistant iPhones we've ever made."

iFixit also discovered a new adhesive surrounding the front panel that serves as a gasket, and the entire iPhone's frame has been tweaked to accommodate this gasket. Apple even added silicon seals on the logic board's cord connectors, a method that it patented recently.

Why so quiet?

Apple's quiet inclusion of stronger water resistance is smart for a couple of reasons. While Sony's desperation to differentiate and grow its smartphone business led it to exploring waterproofing, its aggressive marketing overpromised. On the flip side, by not highlighting water resistance, Apple is underpromising and users are being pleasantly surprised.

Sony is essentially asking users to submerge their phones, but the risk is that the pricey device fails and now Sony is on the hook for warranty coverage. By not focusing on this new feature, Apple is minimizing its risk exposure to users who might otherwise intentionally dunk their phones.

On top of that, Apple has already been exploring waterproofing technologies in recent years, in part due to Apple Watch. Since high levels of water resistance are already widely expected in traditional watches, Apple knew that it had to incorporate water resistance into Apple Watch (which has a rating of IPX7). As it explores water resistance, it might as well add it to the iPhone. It's also possible that Apple is saving its marketing muster for the iPhone 7, which is already rumored to be fully waterproof. 
2015-05-08
Apple Inc.'s 30 Year Bond Issue: Good Value, Not Great Value Apple 10 year default probabilities are trending up. Apple spread to default probability ratios ranked 11th best, 13th and 16th of the 88 most heavily traded long term bonds.

Apple Inc. was the most heavily traded bond issuer on May 6 and the new 30 year issue was the second most heavily traded issue.

How much value was there in the 30 year tranche of the $8 billion of Apple Inc.'s newest bond issue? We conclude the 30 year was good but not great.

Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) major bond issues yesterday for $8 billion were highlighted by the $2 billion raised at the 30 year maturity with a coupon of 4.375%. In this note, we take a quick bond market snapshot at the reward to risk ratio on Apple's long term bonds.

From a trading volume point of view, the new Apple 30 year bond issue was the second most actively traded bond issue of the day, with trading volume of $122 million flowing through the TRACE system:

Apple Inc. was the most heavily traded issuer of fixed rate senior non-call debt on the day. There was $349.6 million in trading volume via 462 trades on 18 Apple Inc. bond issues.

The credit spreads on the traded Apple Inc. bonds were well under those for the second most heavily traded name, Bank of America Corporation (NYSE:BAC), as shown in this graph. Apple Inc. credit spreads are shown as brown dots and Bank of America Corporation credit spreads are shown in black.

Apple Inc. bonds were also trading at levels well under the U.S. Dollar Cost of Funds Index, the composite measure of the credit spreads of the four largest deposit-taking banks in the United States, Bank of America Corporation, Citigroup Inc. (NYSE:C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) and Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE:WFC).

The Apple bond yield structure shows a steadily widening liquidity or risk premium above and beyond the matched maturity U.S. Treasury yields plus Apple's annualized default probabilities:

The annualized default probabilities for Apple Inc. used in the graph above show a rise of 0.06% over the last year in the annualized 10 year default probability, now at 0.21%.

The credit spread for Apple Inc. is shown in this graph:

Given that the credit spreads on Apple Inc. are much lower than many alternative investments, are the bonds good value or not? We rank value by our usual measure, the ratio of credit spreads to matched-maturity default probability. Those ratios for Apple Inc. are shown here:

How does this compare to other heavily traded non-call fixed rate senior debt? On May 6, 2015, there were 88 heavily traded bond issues with maturities of 20 years or more.

The new Apple Inc. 30 year issue ranked 16th, while the existing 2043 and 2044 bonds ranked 11th and 13th of the 88 heavily traded issues. We conclude that the new Apple Inc. bond issue offered good value, but 10 other heavily traded bond issues offered better value. The graph to focus on with Apple Inc. is the very steady upward trend in its 10 year annualized default probability shown clearly in this graph. Nothing could be more relevant to a 30 year bond investor:

Appendix: Default Probabilities Used in This Analysis

For an example of how to apply modern default probabilities for risk management and portfolio selection, please see the introduction to Kamakura's premium service The Corporate Bond Investor and this week's ranking of the most heavily traded corporate bond issues by "best value."

The Kamakura Risk Information Services version 6.0 Jarrow-Chava reduced form default probability model (abbreviated KDP-jc6) makes default predictions using a sophisticated combination of financial ratios, stock price history, and macro-economic factors. The version 6.0 model was estimated over the period from 1990 to 2014, and includes the insights of the recent credit crisis. Kamakura default probabilities are based on 2.2 million observations and more than 2,700 defaults. The term structure of default is constructed by using a related series of econometric relationships estimated on this data base. KRIS covers 35,000 firms in 61 countries, updated daily. Free trials are available at Info@Kamakuraco.com. An overview of the full suite of Kamakura default probability models is available here.

General Background on Reduced Form Models

For a general introduction to reduced form credit models, Hilscher, Jarrow and van Deventer (2008) is a good place to begin. Hilscher and Wilson (2013) have shown that reduced form default probabilities are more accurate than legacy credit ratings by a substantial amount. Van Deventer (2012) explains the benefits and the process for replacing legacy credit ratings with reduced form default probabilities in the credit risk management process. The theoretical basis for reduced form credit models was established by Jarrow and Turnbull (1995) and extended by Jarrow (2001). Shumway (2001) was one of the first researchers to employ logistic regression to estimate reduced form default probabilities. Chava and Jarrow (2004) applied logistic regression to a monthly database of public firms. Campbell, Hilscher and Szilagyi (2008) demonstrated that the reduced form approach to default modeling was substantially more accurate than the Merton model of risky debt. Bharath and Shumway (2008), working completely independently, reached the same conclusions. A follow-on paper by Campbell, Hilscher and Szilagyi (2011) confirmed their earlier conclusions in a paper that was awarded the Markowitz Prize for best paper in the Journal of Investment Management by a judging panel that included Prof. Robert Merton.

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Inc. shares approach ex-dividend as it gears up to distribute $2.7 ... On May 14, Apple will pay shareholders of record a quarterly dividend of $0.52 per share, but investors must have settled ownership of the company's stock by Monday, May 11, in order to qualify.



AAPL Dividends & Buybacks





Apple has been paying its shareholders a dividend about a month and a half after the end of each fiscal quarter ever since it declared its modern dividend plan in the summer of 2012.The May dividend will be the fourth to occur since the company issued a 7-for-1 stock split . That split also converted the dividend from $3.29 per share to 47 cents per share.Apple just announced plans to increase its May dividend from 47 cents to 52 cents per share during its Q2 earnings conference call.Since the stock split, Apple repurchased a surprising $17 billion of its own stock in the September quarter; $5 billion of stock in open market purchases during its December quarter (Apple's Fiscal Q1 2015); and another $7 billion of stock in open market purchases during its March quarter (Apple's Fiscal Q2 2015).The company now has 5.761 billion shares outstanding Since the beginning of 2014, Apple shares are up 59.2 percent, compared to Microsoft's 27.98 percent gain or Google's 3.43 percent decline in nonvoting GOOG C class shares and 1.61 percent loss in standard GOOGL A class shares.Since the start of 2015, Apple shares are up 16.51 percent, compared to Microsoft's 2.06 percent gain or Google's 2.79 percent gain in nonvoting GOOG C class shares and 4 percent gain in standard GOOGL A class shares. Google split its shares into the two classes and awarded investors one of each, effectively stripping investors of half their voting rights through the "dividend" dilution.Dividends are a minority portion of Apple's shareholder capital return program, the majority of which has been earmarked for buying back outstanding shares.Buybacks increase the scarcity, and therefore value, of Apple's stock by taking shares off the market and retiring them. Removing shares from circulation also enhances the company's closely-watched earnings per share metrics. Over the last four quarters, Apple has repurchased $34 billion worth of its stock off the market or via accelerated repurchase programs."The Company also plans to increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration by the Board of Directors," Apple states in its 10-K filing, a comment reiterated by the company in its most recent earnings conference call.Over the past four quarters, Apple has paid out over $11 billion in dividends to its shareholders, distributing about $2.8 billion every quarter, although that number is decreasingly slightly in tandem with the company's stock buybacks.Apple's volume of stock buybacks have reached the 5 percent threshold to qualify for inclusion in the "NASDAQ BuyBack Achievers Index," as well as the PowerShares Buyback Achievers Portfolio, as noted in a report by ETFtrends.In total, Apple has spent $80 billion on stock buybacks since initiating its capital return program, including an opportunistic $14 billion share grab initiated after the stock plunged more than 8 percent last January following the company's holiday Q1 release which detailed its highest ever quarterly revenues and operating profits--results that the tech media depicted as " disappointing ."Combined with dividend payments and net share settlements, Apple has spent $112.6 billion on capital return since mid 2012, and it plans to return a total of $200 billion over the next two years.Apple is currently using much of its domestic U.S. cash flow to finance stock buybacks and dividend payments, and is also issuing bonds at extremely low interest rates to help pay for its capital return programs.It currently holds $171 billion of its total $194 billion cash reserves overseas; spending those funds domestically would incur a substantial tax penalty unless the U.S. Congress approves a tax break to enable and incentivize American firms to invest their foreign earnings in America. Apple Inc. Watch's Heart Rate Sensor As Good As Mio The performance of the heart rate sensor app on the Apple Watch is almost in line with that of the the Mio s dedicated Alpha monitor, claims Mac and iOS developer Brad Larson. The comparison was done on the basis of raw data extracted from HealthKit after a recent run with both devices.

Almost similar results

The data shown by both devices was almost same, even though the Alpha showed some of the sharper peaks, says the expert. Both wearables run on optical sensors that use reflected light to gauge blood flow. According to Larson, the sensor on the watch collected readings after every 5 seconds while in workout mode, slowing after every 10 minutes in regular use.

Apple was recently in dispute when it confirmed that the watch might measure inappropriate data for those with tattoos as it uses optical technology. There was a support page developed to show that the ink, pattern and saturation of some tattoos can make it difficult for the watch to read.

Some users were unable to use the watch in its full capacity unless they disabled the wrist detection feature, which depends on the heart rate sensor. If a user with a tattoo decides to switch off the feature, then they will have to buy a separate tracker to get an accurate heart rate.

Apple Watch an attractive piece of gadget

Recently there have been many reviews of the Apple Watch, and all of them zero in on the fact that the watch is a thing of desire. For the reviewers, the watch perfectly fits a fashion statement. The watch is not just a time teller but can perform a range of activities. The iPhone maker has announced time and again that it is a new way to interact with important, timely information, ensuring that the user will never miss a call with the powerful vibration produced by the watch.

The Apple Watch offers an option to receive a call from the iPhone rather than chatting from the speakerphone on the wrist. Almost all the reviewers say that Apple fans should go and get this watch, which is beautifully designed and very useful, but those waiting for the second and the third versions will surely benefit consumers as the gadget will definitely be much improved with additional features by the time they are released. 
2015-05-07
Apple Inc faces big Irish tax bill Apple Inc. may face a tax bill approaching the US$20-billion-dollar mark if the worst-case scenario plays out with the European Commission.

The commission s investigation of the tech giant s tax structure in Ireland began in June 2013, but Apple recently disclosed that risks associated with an unfavourable ruling could be material.

J.P. Morgan analyst Rod Hall believes Apple s recent disclosures may be leading up to a significant decision by the European Commission.

An Irish tax entity allows Apple, as is the case with other major corporations, to shield a large portion of its overseas earnings. Because of differences between U.S. and Irish tax laws, and successful tax negotiations between Apple and Ireland, it is estimated that the company pays very little tax on approximately 59%, or US$42 billion, of its global income.

In June 2014, the European Commission concluded that Apple s tax structure may represent illegal state aid.

Hall estimates the potential recovery could be about US$19 billion, assuming a full Irish tax rate of 12.5 per cent is applied to approximately $153 billion of relevant Apple profits over 10 years.

However, the analyst considers that amount largely irrelevant for Apple s share price given its US$193 billion in cash holdings.

 The bigger issue in our opinion is how ongoing taxation would be handled,  Hall told clients, noting that such a tax rate hike would reduce the company s earnings by an estimated 10 per cent.

 Based on our work so far, we do believe that a negative EC ruling is more likely than not, but we note that the issues are complex and that there is likely a spectrum of potential outcomes with greater and lesser impacts for Apple,  he added. 6 Fintech Apps NOT Coming To Apple Watch Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has successfully attracted a number of top-tier companies in the fintech space. Many of them were very excited about the Apple Watch, the iPhone maker's first wearable device.

Not every company is on board, however. There are a few that have not built an app for the Apple Watch -- and some of them may not build one at all:

1. Estimize

"We won't be making an Apple Watch app," Leigh Drogen, co-founder and CEO of Estimize, told Benzinga. "While I believe the Apple Watch will be revolutionary, I don't believe that it will greatly benefit 99.9% of market participants to be making decisions or executing trades based on apps built for it."

Drogen said he is "sure the brokers will love it because they will use it to get people to trade more."

"More, but probably not smarter," he added.

Related Link: 3 Reasons Apple Will Finally Ship A 12-Inch iPad In 2015

2. TipRanks

Uri Gruenbaum, co-founder and CEO of TipRanks, told Benzinga that the company does not have any plans to develop an Apple Watch app "anytime soon."

"We'd like to see if this develops into an interesting enough market before we allocate resources," he said.

3. WeSwap

Jared Jesner, founder and CEO of WeSwap, told Benzinga that the company is not making an Apple Watch app.

4. GovBrain

GovBrain is not currently working on an Apple Watch app, but founder Brent M. Eastwood, PhD, told Benzinga that it would be "cool to put our 'doomsday' financial crisis app on a wearable for market participants to get that early warning of [an] asset bubble or crisis in global finance."

5. LendVantage

Charles Benard, co-founder and managing partner of LendVantage, informed Benzinga that his company is not currently developing an Apple Watch app.

6. Vuru

When asked if Vuru is working on the Apple Watch, President Niles Lawrence replied, "Not for a little while."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Apple Watch Estimize GovBrain LendVantage TipRanks VuruStartups Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-06-24
Is Beats Becoming a Headache for Apple, Inc.? Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) never been the type of company to engage in high-priced splashy acquisitions. Cupertino does buy other companies, nearly 70 known as of last count, but the company typically buys semi-finished goods or technologies it can use in its devices to improve the user experience. Even its arguably most successful acquisition, the purchase of NeXT -- and more importantly, the acqui-re-hire of Steve Jobs -- only cost the company $400 million.

The NeXT acquisition is Apple's second largest by price tag. Topping the list is the 2014 purchase of Beats Electronics, as Apple paid $3 billion for the streaming music service and headphone maker. While it's too early to declare the acquisition a success or failure, the deal has presented Apple with a few headaches.

Possible product issues

On the hardware side, it appears Beats' products are of lower-quality than Apple users are accustomed to from the company. According to venture capital firm Bolt (hat tip to fellow Fool Evan Niu), a teardown of Apple's Beats Solo headphones that was posted on Medium found Beats uses snaps and glues as fasteners to save money rather than durable screws. Perhaps more shocking is that Beats uses tiny weights for the sole purpose of making the product feel like high-quality, durable headphones.

Recently, Variety reported Beats was deep in development of a new speaker product designed to compete with Sonos. Apple reportedly shelved the product after the acquisition due to numerous problems in the development process, including switching chipset vendors and postponing the launch date more than once. While most technology companies have products that don't make it to market -- even Apple shelved its TV set -- these two disclosures point toward process, manufacturing, and design issues with Beats' products.

Lawsuits and more lawsuits

Quickly after Apple announced the merger, Beats was sued by headphone competitor Bose for supposedly infringing on its noise-cancellation patents. The lawsuit was settled out of court, with terms undisclosed, but bad blood remained that culminated in Bose's products being briefly pulled from Apple Stores. Tensions were eventually diffused, and Bose products -- including its noise-canceling headphones -- are now available through the Apple Store.

However, another lawsuit could be even worse for Apple. Per Bloomberg, Noel Lee of high-end speaker-cable manufacturer Monster is moving forward with his lawsuit against Beats founders Andre Young (aka Dr. Dre) and Jimmy Iovine, accusing them of "stealing the design, manufacturing, and distribution rights" of the brand. While Apple is not a named defendant, Bloomberg reports Apple's lawyers are defending Young and Iovine.

Alleging wrongdoing in the sale

The lawsuit centers around a "change of control provision" that stipulated if Beats Electronics were sold the new owners would no longer be required to do business with Monster as the manufacturer. And that's exactly what happened: In August 2011, years before Apple bought the company outright, HTC bought 51% of Beats from Iovine and Young for $309 million, valuing the company at $606 million. In June 2012, Beats and Monster ended their manufacturing relationship.

The issue, from Lee's perspective, is less than a month after Apple parted ways with Monster, which only was possible due to the change of control provision, Iovine and Lee bought back half of the 51% interest they sold to HTC, with private equity firm Carlyle buying the other half of HTC's stake for $501 million -- good for a valuation of nearly $1.95 billion. Lee alleges the sale to HTC was essentially a sham designed to trigger the contractual clause and cut Monster out of its contracted manufacturing rights. Supposedly, a member of HTC's board told Monster executives that was indeed the case.

Will this become a major issue for Apple? Probably not, although Apple did subsequently revoke Monster's MFi license to make official third-party accessories since it said the relationship was no longer "mutually beneficial." Overall, the dispute centers on the $150 million Lee would have made if he would have kept his initial 5% stake he willingly sold back to the company, as this was independent of the manufacturing deal. Even if Apple paid the full amount, it would amount to less than 1% of Apple's cash. However, it seems the Beats deal has brought considerably more headaches than Apple's second-largest acquisition, NeXT, which bought Steve Jobs back to the company. Will Apple, Inc. Ditch the Home Button? While it may take a few years before it delivers it to market, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is working on an iPhone without a home button, according to AppleInsider. The company is likely betting on the elimination of the home button as part of an attempt to completely revamp the design and encourage sales for its largest business segment.

Altering form factor

"A source who in the past has correctly shared information about Apple's future product plans indicated on Monday that Apple is indeed planning on removing the home button from future iPhone hardware," AppleInsider's Neil Hughes writes. "But they cautioned that such a change will not arrive within the next two years, leaving it as a long-term goal for the company."

As Hughes notes, anyone tempted to react quickly to Apple rumors should always keep in mind the company's tendencies to scrap ideas and plans -- sometimes even at the last minute. So, the home button's last days could always be extended.

Plans for such a significant shift in design are consistent with Apple's history of making noteworthy changes to the iPhone line's form factor every few years. Form factor differentiation has proven to be a strong motivator for Apple's users to upgrade their phones.

Ditching the home button would also fit in with Apple's history of pursuing lighter, thinner devices with increasingly simpler forms.

Two major challenges

Removing the home button from the iPhone line, however, will require formidable engineering feats. In particular, Apple will have to find a workaround for Touch ID, its fingerprint scanning technology, and contend with losing space for accommodating proportionate battery capacity in relation to the display size.

Currently, Apple's Touch ID feature is built into the home button. Used for security and in completing Apple Pay transactions, Touch ID is crucial to the iPhone experience. If Apple removes the home button, it will need to either replace Touch ID with a different authentication method or move fingerprint scanning from the home button to a different spot on the phone -- probably the display.

In addition, without the additional bezel space below the display for the home button, Apple will lose vital real estate for storing the phone's guts. Much of the iPhone form factor below the display is used for Touch ID hardware. Removing this space may require Apple to find innovative ways to shrink any hardware for fingerprint scanning as well as ensure the rest of the phone's guts fit snugly behind the display. Advances related to preserving and increasing battery life in the face of limited space could come from improved battery use in display and processor technology, as well as increased energy density in the battery. Of course, dealing with constraints for battery size is nothing new for smartphone manufacturers.

In any case, the importance of such radical redesigns of the iPhone form factor every several years shouldn't be overlooked. iPhone is Apple's biggest business segment by far, accounting for a whopping 69% of Apple's total revenue. Even more, Apple has said iPhone boasts the highest profit margins of any of its products. Constantly finding ways to make its newest models stand out from older versions is crucial for maintaining the strength of this important segment.

In the longer term, saying goodbye to the home button definitely seems like something Apple would do. But AppleInsider is probably right about the re-engineered design being at least a few years out. Apple Inc.'s iPad Lineup Becomes Even Smaller Last week, Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) had five iPad iterations: two larger form factors, the iPad Air and iPad Air 2; and three mini versions, appropriately named the iPad mini, iPad mini 2, and iPad mini 3. This week, the original iPad mini met the fate of the original iPad and has been discontinued from the Apple Store.

For those following the company, you're probably well aware of the "iPad issue." In stark contrast to the iPhone's massive recent success, the iPad has faced headwinds. For a visual perspective, here is Apple's quarterly iPad performance:

Over the last year, not only has growth in Apple's iPad line slowed, it's actually shrinking with four straight quarters of declining year-on-year revenue. Last quarter, the company's iPad revenue was down nearly 30% from last year's total. To combat declining sales, should Apple continue availability of its original iPad mini with an enterprise-only focus?

An entry-level model that could mesh well with enterprise buyers

Apple's never been associated as a "cheap" brand. As a company with a reputation for quality, Apple has been able to price its line of gadgets at a premium to competitors as its apps, ecosystem, and devices are considered top notch. And while that's great for margins, it does exclude many price-sensitive buyers -- like enterprise buyers -- from choosing Apple's iPads.

And while this sounds like heresy, considering Apple's huge enterprise advantage, there are signs of tablet defections among businesses, government, and academia. In the first quarter, Good Technology reported Apple's first-quarter tablet activations were 81% of all activations. That's an amazing total, but it's down 11 percentage points from last year's corresponding quarter, as low-cost Android units are picking up market share.

How about a lower-cost, enterprise-focused unit?

Interestingly enough, Apple appears to be focusing on enterprise with a rumored iPad Pro. While unconfirmed, many reports state the unit will be a massive 12.9-inches and come out later this year. While the price hasn't been discussed, most expect it to be the most expensive iPad, since the touchscreen display is typically the largest part of a tablet's bill of materials. And while a high-resolution, large-screen 64-bit iPad with the latest and greatest processor is nice, the issue Apple faces in both the enterprise and personal tablet markets is it's become a "good enough" market defined by price-sensitive buyers trading down to lower-cost units.

For many small business owners that use an iPad for a cash register and point-of-sale device, or to access one of the company-specific apps Apple's working on with IBM, new processors and a sharp retina display aren't needed. But what is needed is a cheaper price point like the $250 deal for the original iPad mini that Apple recently offered. By keeping the original iPad mini and using the lower-cost unit to target enterprise customers, Apple could grow sales and continue its impressive streak of enterprise dominance. Is Apple Inc. (AAPL) A Great Dividend Pick?   Quant Look Is Apple A Great Dividend Pick? by Sure Dividend

Get The Full Warren Buffett Series in PDF Get the entire 10-part series on Warren Buffett in PDF. Save it to your desktop, read it on your tablet, or email to your colleagues. We respect your email privacy

This is a guest post by Rohit Chhatwal for Amigobulls. Amigobulls provides original articles, videos, research, and a stock screener primarily for stocks in the technology sector.

Apple s stock price history shows great swings which has been a concern for some investors. At the same time, Apple is a juggernaut in the technology sector and is probably the most heavily analyzed stock in the past few years.

It is often seen as a momentum stock which can be used to give good returns by following the trend. However, as the stock inches towards the hallowed mark of $1 Trillion dollars the company is also undergoing a metamorphosis.

Huge Cash Reserves and Free Cash Flow

Apple should not be considered as a company which only produces innovative products. Instead, it is slowly moving towards creating an ecosystem where its products and services become an indispensable part of everyday life. This will eventually lead to a more mature firm with stable revenue streams, which should provide it with the option of returning more capital to the investors.

Apple s stock price history has shown a direct impact of this policy over the past few quarters. The company has been able to execute these massive buybacks as it is sitting on $194 billion of cash. After deducting $40 billion of long term debt, this still comes to an eye popping figure of close to $150 billion. In addition, the company generated free cash flow of $47.2 billion, in the first six months of fiscal year 2015.

Apple s Dividend Policy

Apple restarted giving dividends from 2012 and has hiked the rate thrice to take it from a quarterly rate of 38 cents per share to 52 cents per share in the latest quarter. One can still see the shadow of Steve Jobs in these major decisions. Jobs was strictly against dividends and the current board has also taken a conservative approach while increasing dividends. This has ensured that the firm has a much lower payout ratio of dividends than other technology stalwarts.

Fig 1: Apple s payout ratio has stabilized in the 20 s range whereas Microsoft has increased the payout to close to 50%.

This lower payout ratio should give the firm more room to increase the dividend in the future. Microsoft is moving towards the 50% mark in the payout ratio whereas Apple is currently less than 25%. Ideally a company can increase the dividends in line with its EPS growth rate and still have similar payout ratio.

Apple s EPS growth has been above 40% in the past two quarters and the average analyst estimate for this year s earnings growth is 34%. This means the board can give a 34% hike in dividend without affecting the payout ratio.

However Apple s board has been much more moderate in its approach and has given a cautious 11% increase in dividends raising it from 47 cents to 52 cents per share. Going forward, if the company performs at the current rate, the board should become more confident while deciding dividends and give good year-on-year dividend growth.

Major Sticking Issue

The biggest hurdle in increasing the dividend has been the taxation structure within US. Most of the cash for bigger firms like Apple is stashed in overseas locations and they would take a major hit when this cash is repatriated to US.

According to a Bloomberg report, multinational corporations have kept over $2.1 Trillion overseas. Of the $193.5 billion in cash, Apple has around $171 billion in offshore locations. The company would certainly like to tap this resource and has made vigorous efforts to reach an arrangement on the tax issues.

Investors can be assured that Congress will come to a decision on this issue in the next year or two, either through a mutual agreement with the corporations or a mandate. This will allow firms like Apple to deploy their cash hoard in returning greater value to the shareholders.

Stock Buybacks

Due to the above issue, Apple is using stock buybacks as an alternative way to return value to shareholders. It has increased the buyback program to a massive $140 billion, which will be used through March 2017.

It will use long-term debt to finance this program thus preventing the taxation issue. It has already secured over $40 billion in long-term debt which was used largely for stock buybacks. This program reduces the available cash for dividends but provides added incentive by reducing the outstanding stock of the company.

Activist investors like Carl Icahn, have been nudging the management to return value to stockholders through stock buybacks for the past two years. Apple stock has shown good appreciation in the stock following major buyback announcements.

Moderate Valuations

The stock is trading at a P/E of 15.65 which is quite moderate considering the fact that Apple is still one of the biggest brands in the world. In comparison, S&P index is trading at 21.73 and other tech companies like Microsoft are trading at 19.12.

Apple sells tens of millions of devices every quarter with good growth in major markets like China where it has registered 70% growth. Its large fan base guarantees good reception of its product and also provides a ready market for new products. There is a continuous threat from newer entrants like Xiaomi and Huawei, not to mention the rivalry with Samsung. These threats are not new to Apple and every firm in the tech space is always under a barrage of fire from competitors, changing market dynamics, newer technological movements and more. One of the biggest downsides to Apple is that it is not in a slow changing industry.

The present management has showed great astuteness by pushing the firm in newer areas with more stable revenue streams. Some of the biggest steps include the partnership with IBM where they will make products and deliver services to corporate clients. Its recent acquisition of Metaio, which works in augmented reality space is also commendable as the firm is aggressively pursuing future growth engines. These decisions will ensure that the firm is a couple of steps ahead on the innovation curve.

Dividend Yield

The current yield for Apple is much lower than other tech firms. However, one needs to factor in the growth possibilities ahead of Apple. As the firm hits a saturation point in terms of growth, this dividend yield will rise up to the level of other tech companies.

Fig 2: Comparison of dividend yield of Apple, Microsoft, Intel and Cisco in the past 5 years.

Conclusion

Apple has a great pipeline of products and has earnings which are unmatched in corporate history. One can see that the firm has transformed into a shareholder friendly company, transferring billions of dollars to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends.

Investors should find good capital appreciation and an increasing dividend payout. This can be a great time to for dividend hunters to invest in Apple, as the company moves to more mature revenue streams and continues to return a greater share of its earnings to shareholders. On the downside, Apple exists in a rapidly changing industry which makes Why Apple 'killing' the home screen isn't a concern for Louisville tech companies  
2015-02-18
How Big a Year Will Apple Inc. Have in 2015? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is, to put it simply, on fire.

After defying the doubters and shattering records in its recent earnings blowout, Apple has reasserted itself as arguably the most dominant company in technology today (heck, maybe even business as a whole).

However, investors, analysts, and the media tend to get restless. And perhaps unsurprisingly, they've recent started focusing on the year ahead for Apple, specifically the iPhone 6s . So, just what might the next 12 months look like for the world's largest public company? Let's take a look

Another big year of Apple

Many, myself included, have expressed concern that Apple shares could be ripe for a 2012-esque sell-off as Apple's iPhone 6 fueled upgrade cycle potentially wanes toward the end of the year. That's an understandable but distant fear as the rest of 2015 should prove to be stellar for Apple according to most analysts. Let's look at one analyst's commentary in particular.

Recently, KGI Securities notorious analyst Ming Chi Quo offered his own estimate for Apple TouchID-enabled devices in 2015. And since most of Apple's current product mix comes with Apple's fingerprint scanner, this estimate should serve as a fair proxy for Apple's overall iPhone and iPad sales for 2015.

Hopefully it's immediately clear that Kuo believes Apple is in for a big year in 2015. And although Apple selling a quarter billion iPhones and iPads might sound like an astronomical sum to some, it's actually far more plausible when compared to Apple's past several fiscal years.

It's important to note here that if Apple were to ship Kuo's 262 million TouchID-enabled iPhones and iPads, it would only represent an 11% increase over FY 2014's unit shipments. Depending on your outlook for Apple's sales that might either sounds impressive or depressing. However, I personally think that this estimate likely lowballs just how much Apple could grow its device shipments over the course of this year. 1 Simple Reason Why Apple, Inc. Won't Buy Tesla For $75 Billion By the looks of it, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) seems to be legitimately interested in the electric car market. Speculation has intensified following a series of reports from numerous outlets, suggesting that Apple has already assigned hundreds of engineers on "Project Titan."

Investors have long dreamed of Apple acquiring Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA), given the disruptive characteristics and cultural similarities between the two companies. Tesla has also reportedly poached over 150 employees from Apple, underscoring said cultural similarities.

But recently, entrepreneur and venture capitalist Jason Calacanis made a bold prediction: that Apple would acquire Tesla for an astounding $75 billion. Better yet, Calacanis expects this mega deal to occur within the next 18 months, even going as far as calling it "a lock" in his mind. Don't get me wrong; with Tesla as my second-largest personal holding, I'd be thrilled if it got bought out at three times the current price.

Unfortunately, that's simply way too much money.

Hey, small spender

Historically, Apple's monetary ceiling for acquisitions has been in the neighborhood of $500 million. The Mac maker usually targets small companies with negligible revenue and innovative technology that can be integrated into future Apple products. That all changed when Apple shocked investors by acquiring Beats last year for $2.6 billion, or over five times its normal maximum price.

Beats' financials left a lot to be desired, and Apple recorded $2.2 billion in goodwill with almost $640 million allocated to acquired intangible assets. Apple then assumed nearly $260 million of Beats' net liabilities.

Tesla is a lot of things, but one thing that it's not is a steal. Investors are certainly pricing in high hopes for its disruptive future. A quick look at its valuation metrics relative to other automakers is all it takes.

Company P/S (TTM) P/B (MRQ) Tesla 8 26.3 General Motors 0.4 1.7 Ford 0.4 2.5 Toyota Motor 1 1.6 Honda Motor 0.6 1

Apple has never been about big flashy acquisitions, and a $75 billion acquisition of any company is almost 30 times larger than its biggest acquisition. Even at Tesla's current $25 billion market cap, it remains a somewhat speculative investment that's arguably already priced for perfection. And we're talking about Apple buying it for three times the current price in a matter of months.

Analysts are modeling for Tesla to bring in $8.6 billion in revenue in 2016. If Apple theoretically bought the electric carmaker at the end of 2016 (and those estimates prove accurate), it'd be paying 8.7 times sales. Tesla currently has less than $5.5 billion in tangible assets on its balance sheet, so Apple would be forced to record an absurd amount of goodwill and intangible assets if it did a $75 billion deal.

Goodwill hunting

One of the biggest benefits for adopting a conservative acquisition strategy is minimizing the amount of goodwill and intangibles that sit on the balance sheet. This reduces the risk if acquisitions don't work out well. Apple is currently carrying just $9 billion in total goodwill and intangibles, or 3.4% of total assets, with much of that coming from Beats alone.

Contrast that with other tech giants for some additional perspective.

Company Goodwill and Intangibles (MRQ) % of Total Assets (MRQ) Apple $9 billion 3.4% Microsoft $29.2 billion 16.7% Google $20.2 billion 15.4% Facebook $21.9 billion 54.5%

A single, massive $75 billion acquisition of Tesla would promptly throw decades of discipline out the window, and expose Apple and its shareholders to considerable risk. It's also not as if Apple could realize a lot of cost-saving synergies. Tesla's operations are very capital intensive since it directly manufactures vehicles, while Apple prefers to utilize contract manufacturers while keeping its supply chain incredibly lean. Most importantly, the two companies play in completely different markets, further minimizing the potential for synergies.

Sorry, Calacanis, but it's not happening. Apple keeps an eye on future growth markets Apple valuation: $700 billion and counting PART 14 OF 14

Apple keeps an eye on future growth markets

Apple stock up up up on earnings announcement

Since Apple s (AAPL) earnings results were announced last month, the company s stock has shot up from $109 to $128. The gain has mainly come as a result of the success of iPhone 6. For more on this, read Apple beats all estimates to produce stellar fiscal 1Q15 results.

Nevertheless, Apple s other businesses are equally important, especially when you consider the future. These are the businesses with the most potential to be big in the future:

Mac

App Store

Apple Watch

Apple Pay

music streaming service

Interested in AAPL? Don't miss the next report. Sign Up Receive e-mail alerts for new research on AAPL Success! You are now receiving e-mail alerts for new research. A temporary password for your new Market Realist account has been sent to your e-mail address. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Success! has been added to your Ticker Alerts. Subscriptions can be managed in your user profile.

The chart above shows Apple s dependence on the iPhone, which in a way, is a risk to the company. For more on this, read iPhone business continues to increase in value for Apple.

Apple has other businesses to support its future growth

Although Apple s 68% revenue dependency on iPhone looks like a big risk, it has other businesses to support its future growth. Currently, iPad is the only business that s in a declining mode. Meanwhile, Apple is optimistic that its partnership with IBM (IBM) will help boost iPad sales in the enterprise market.

Mac is another important business for Apple, helping it gain market share in an otherwise declining PC market. Although Apple is the fifth-ranked player in the PC market after Lenovo, HP (HPQ), Dell, and Acer, Apple beats them all in terms of average selling price. Apple managed to increase Mac s average selling price by $58 to $1258 in the last quarter.

App Store is another business that s growing at a rapid pace. Google (GOOG)(GOOGL) has overtaken Apple in terms of the number of apps in its store and the number of developers developing it. Nevertheless, Apple beats Google on the monetization of its apps by a big margin.

The best thing about Apple is that it s not sitting on the laurels of its established businesses. It continues to innovate to make sure that its growth continues into the future. For example, the company is making great efforts in developing its newer businesses Apple Pay, Apple Watch, and its music streaming service. Apple has even called 2015  the year of Apple Pay. 

Investment firms like Morgan Stanley (MS) forecast that Apple could sell 30 million Apple Watches this year. Such are the bullish expectations for Apple Watch. Apple is also looking to tap the fast-growing music streaming market. Its muscle power could challenge the leading players in this market, Pandora (P) and Spotify.

To get exposure to Apple,you could invest in the Sector SPDR Trust SBI Interest (XLK), which has 16% of its portfolio invested in Apple.

Please visit our Technology, Media, and Telecom page for analyses of other stocks in these sectors. President Obama's Tech Device Habits Might Surprise You President Obama recently gave an interview to Re/Code s Kara Swisher on CNBC, where he talked about the devices he uses and how he will first scrutinize the iWatch from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) before jumping on the bandwagon.

Do You Watch Shows, News, Games On A TV Or Smartphone?

 I ll be honest with you. When it comes to ball games, I am still usually watching on TV and DVR. But when it comes to highlights, I am usually watching on an iPad," Obama said.

Why Do You Still Use A Blackberry?

 I use a BlackBerry mainly because I am so restricted in what I can do, [which] is basically just messages, and it s still easier for me to tap off of,  Obama replied.

"Basically most of my non-work-related stuff, I am working off the iPad and the girls all have iPhones. So, I can get around with that. 

Related Link: What Comes After The Apple Watch? 12 Patents Provide Clues

Do You Use Any Other Devices?

 It s basically the iPad,  Obama said.

 Although I don t have a FitBit yet   but I work out hard   word is that these Apple Watches just might be a good companion for my workout. So, I am going to see. I am going to test it out.

 I don't want to give Tim Cook too big of a plug until I have seen the product, but he tells me it s pretty good. 

If There Were A Hash Tag For Your Administration, What Would It Be?

 [#]YesWeCan,  Obama answered.

Posted-In: #YesWeCan CNBC Fitbit iPad iPhoneCNBC Tech Media Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-08-09
Forget China! Apple, Inc.'s Next Big Opportunity Is India In assessing its long-term growth drivers, investors in technology giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) clearly need to pay particularly close attention to China. With fresh revenue opportunities dwindling within key developed markets, Apple appears intent on increasing its exposure to the rising superpower, even amid signs of possible short-term trouble.

However, with sales expected to surpass $230 billion in its current fiscal year, Apple needs exposure to as many growth markets as possible. That's why the Mac maker recently accelerated plans to push further into its next great growth market -- India.

Apple's next economic engine?

Like it did in China before, Apple has taken a number of steps to position itself to benefit from the massive expansion of the Indian smartphone market. So far in 2015, it has added two new distribution partners in India (bringing the total to five) with a goal of doubling its retail reach this year. This move should meaningfully increase the amount of shelf space the iPhone enjoys throughout the country.

Apple has also begun assembling a team of executives to help expose its products and brand throughout the country. According to Reuters, Apple already hired at least one senior executive to focus solely on executing Apple's growth strategy in India, with more likely to follow.

Apple also placed a job posting for an Indian policy advisor to help the tech giant more effectively navigate the complex -- and at times corrupt -- bureaucracy that makes India the 142nd most difficult country to do business in, according to The World Bank.

A long way to go

Challenges aside, the latent growth potential within the Indian smartphone market certainly seems to justify Apple's efforts. A mere 81 million smartphones were shipped in India throughout all of 2014 in a country with a population of 1.25 billion, according to World Bank data.

However, India also sits well below emerging markets like China in terms of personal income levels. Here's how the two countries compare in purchasing power parity terms:

China India % Difference Per Capita GDP (PPP) $13,217 $5,833 127%

India's market potential for Apple's iDevices captured the analyst community's attention when CEO Tim Cook mentioned on Apple's recent conference call that sales growth in India (+93%) outpaced China (+87%) last quarter, albeit from a much smaller sales base.

Given India's low per-capita GDP, though, it should also come as no surprise that most smartphones sold there cost far less than an iPhone. Smartphone ASPs in India totaled just $135 in 2014 according to research firm IDC, a figure it expects to decline to $102 by 2018. As such, it should come as no surprise that Apple primarily sells more affordable legacy handsets in India rather than its most current models.

However, Apple has also found ways to alleviate some of the upfront sting of its high-priced handsets. It offers financing arrangements for the iPhone in India. Interestingly, it also offers services like Apple Music at a fraction of the cost of its American version ($1.88/mo in India versus $9.99/mo in the U.S.). Apple also launched its first TV advertising campaign in India recently, which should help expand awareness of Apple's highly aspirational brand.

At the same time, Apple is by no means alone in its interest in the massive potential in the Indian smartphone market. Korean smartphone powerhouse Samsung dominates the market, while a number of low-cost domestic smartphone brands like Micromax also enjoy substantial followings. Perhaps most significantly, emerging Chinese smartphone upstart Xiaomi also recently entered the market, making no secret of its intent to compete fiercely to establish its own sizable share of this space.

As we've seen in China, Apple's brand, in addition to its larger-screened iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, are tremendous assets in bringing in customers to its ecosystem. Apple should be able to replicate this success in India over time. So while the Indian smartphone market appears without a doubt to be the "next big thing," Apple's growth story in this key market will likely take years to bear meaningful fruit. 
2015-06-28
What Apple's Tim Cook Got Wrong About Data Mining In a recent speech at the EPIC Champions of Freedom awards dinner, an event focused on privacy and freedom of speech, Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook spoke out about  so-called free services,  saying   we don t think they re worth having your email or your search history or now even your family photos data-mined and sold off for God knows what advertising purpose. 

Natasha Singer covered the speech for The New York Times, focusing in on data mining. An inset titled  Attitudes on Data Mining  summarized survey responses to statements like  If companies give me a discount, it is a fair exchange for them to collect information about me without my knowing it. 

As a long-time data miner, and the author of Data Mining for Dummies, these statements really rubbed me the wrong way. Data mining is merely a form of data analysis. It s an adaptation of statistical analysis designed to enable non-statisticians to analyze data in a quick and informal way. As with many other things in life, what you get out of it depends on what you put into it: it s all about the raw material, the data itself.

And there s the real key to privacy. The central privacy issue is not data mining, nor any other form of analysis. It s what data is collected, how it s used and shared and used again.

Cook has not ignored the matter of data collection, speaking out strongly in favor of private data encryption. But, as Stuart Dredge pointed out in The Guardian, he s not saying much about Apple s own role in collection and use of user data. Apple collects a lot of data about its users, and acts as a conduit for app developers and others who do the same.

So what is data mining? It s statistics. In fact, it s watered down statistics. If you took a college statistics class, you already have a general idea of what data mining can and can t do. Data miners may have access to a wider range of analysis techniques than you encountered in Statistics 101, and nicer software to use, but they don t have magic wands or x-ray vision for data. Data miners can only discover the facts written in the data, and some days, not even that.

If we re talking about privacy, let s talk about privacy, and be realistic about it. Data privacy centers on data collection and sharing, not data mining. Apple: Focus On This Trend  Apple And Tesla: Creating Industries Vs. Products Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA) are often praised for creating new products, especially those that introduce a new product line.

Many companies develop new products, however. Global Equities Research analyst Trip Chowdhry believes that Apple and Tesla have gone above and beyond this strategy by creating entirely new industries.

"If you follow hype, sooner or later you're going to collapse," said Chowdhry, criticizing those that follow the leader. "That's what happened. The smart companies create industries. The reason we are optimistic about a few companies, including Apple and Tesla, is they are not creating products anymore -- they're creating industries."

Related Link: Is GoPro The Apple Of Its Sector?

$24 Billion For 24 Industries?

Chowdhry praised the Gigafactory as a sound investment for Tesla. He said it is allowing Tesla to create a new industry (home batteries) instead of simply refining a product category that already exists. He then related this element to the rumors that Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) wants to acquire Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR).

"Google is not a stupid company like Yahoo could be," said Chowdhry. "Twitter at $24 billion is not going to do anything for Google. Google (for $24 billion) could create 24 different industries."

Chowdhry said he did not know what those industries would be, but he said it is the way "smart companies think about it."

"People have been thinking about generators for the home, but what about storage?" Chowdhry added, referring to Powerwall. "People always think about always-on cell phones, but what about always-on homes? These are industries. It's not just adding a new feature."

Buybacks And Dividends

Chowdhry took issue with companies that focus on appeasing investors instead of building new products and services -- and more importantly, new industries.

"How many lives have been changed by dividends and buybacks?" he questioned. "Has a person changed his life? 'Oh, my life has changed because I got dividends and share buybacks from Cisco, Microsoft?'"

Chowdhry said that he has seen thousands of lives changed because of Tesla, including those employed by the company. He noted that some of the former employees at the Toyota Motor Corp (ADR) (NYSE: TM) Nummi plant were hired by Tesla.

"They are investing in something that has not been done before," he said. "It is estimated [that] within the next four moths another 4,500 will be employed [at the old] Solyndra factory."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Apple GigafactoryAnalyst Color Top Stories Exclusives Analyst Ratings Tech Interview Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-03-11
15 Fascinating Facts You Missed at Apple Inc.'s "Spring Forward" Event Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) typically packs a lot of information into its events, and "Spring Forward" earlier this week was no exception. Among a slew of device sales figures, store openings, a new MacBook, and details of the Apple Watch, more than few facts likely slipped through the cracks at the event.

So let's take a brief look at what you might have missed:

1. Apple's retail footprint is growing. Apple CEO Tim Cook said at the event the company has 453 retail stores worldwide -- that's 16 more stores than the company had last year. One major emphasis is Greater China, where Apple intends to have 40 stores by mid-2016. The company currently has 21 stores in Greater China.

2. A lot of people browse Apple products in person. At the event, Cook said 120 million people passed through Apple Stores in the fourth quarter.

3. 700 million iPhones sold to date. That's more than seven years of solid smartphone sales, including the recent record-breaking iPhone quarter.

4. iPhone owners have little buyer's remorse. Cook said customer satisfaction levels for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are at 99%.

5. Apple's iPhone growth is through the roof. Apple's year-over-year iPhone growth last quarter was an amazing 49%, while the smartphone industry as a whole grew by just 26%, according to Cook.



6. Apple TV is cheaper, but there's nothing new. Apple said at the event that it has sold 25 million of its little streaming boxes and just lowered the price by $30. But what Apple failed to mention is that it has been more than two years since any hardware upgrades were made to the device.

7. Apple Pay is taking off. The company revealed that 2,500 banks are now signed on for Apple Pay and the mobile payment service is accepted at more than 700,000 locations across the country.

8. Coca-Cola's vending machines love Apple Pay. You can now use Apple's payment system to buy a Coke at 40,000 vending machines -- and that number should hit 100,000 by the end of the year.

9. Long live the Macs. Apple's Mac business grew more than 20% year-over-year. Cook said Macs have outpaced PC industry growth for 10 years in a row.

10. Apple wants in on medical research. Apple showed off five apps made through its new software framework -- called ResearchKit -- that allow medical researchers to gather data from iPhone participants who opt-in for testing. But as The Verge pointed out, the practicality of getting good data from iPhone users remains questionable.

11. The new MacBook's logic board is very small. The new 12-inch MacBook's logic board is 67% smaller than the current 11-inch MacBook Air's.

12. Apple's doing new things with battery design. The new MacBook has contoured battery sheets that stack on top of each other and fill all the extra space in the computer's casing. As a result, Apple can fit 35% more battery capacity in the casing compared to traditional cells.

13. The Apple Watch is extremely accurate. One key marketing angle for the watch is its precise timekeeping. Cook said that the Apple Watch is accurate within 50 milliseconds of Universal Time Code.

14. Apple's wrist-worn device comes with all-day battery life. One big question leading up the event was how long the Apple Watch battery will last. The company said the watch can run for 18 hours before requiring its nightly recharge. That's enough for a full day of use, but not even close to the Samsung Galaxy Gear 2 smartwatch -- which can last two to three days with heavy use, and up to six days with light use.

15. Apple's most expensive versions of its watch are really expensive. While Cook said the Apple Watch Edition starts at $10,000, the most expensive version (18-karat gold, 38-mm with the gold modern buckle) will set you back $17,000.

What all this means for Apple

Most of the news from Apple's event highlights how well the company is doing compared to the competition. Apple's iPhone sales are beating the smartphone industry's growth, Macs are outpacing PC growth, and the Apple Watch appears to be the best smartwatch built to date.

On top of that, Apple Pay is gaining momentum and the number of retail stores is quickly expanding.

There was a time when Apple's ability to innovate was in question, and skeptics wondered if such a large company could continue to drive device sales higher. But the latest sales, store openings, product lines, and computer upgrades should prove that Apple is clearly on the right path -- and there's likely more to look forward to. Apple expanding again in Catawba County Hickory, NC (28602)

Today

Partly cloudy.

Tonight

A few clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. Low near 60F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Apple Inc iTunes, App Stores shut down in unusually long outage Customers of Apple Inc. s iTunes and App stores haven t been able to buy or download items worldwide during an unusually extensive outage lasting more than eight hours on Wednesday.

The iTunes, App and Mac App stores were unavailable for all users, according to a message on the company s system-status Web page at 1:10 p.m. New York time. Service for the iBooks Store also was interrupted.

A timeline on the page said the outage started before 5 a.m. Access issues for users of iCloud Mail and other cloud services lasted about four hours, according to the timeline. The interruptions came two days after the company released details of its Apple Watch, a new device that could fuel further demand for apps when it goes on sale next month.

 I can t recall an outage this long before,  Daniel Ernst, an analyst at Hudson Square Research, said in a telephone interview.  I think that we ll see more and more of this across the industry as we become more dependent on the cloud, but I don t think it s going to have a material impact. 

Related

September Interruption

While service interruptions aren t unusual for online services, they generally aren t as widespread as Wednesday s. An Apple outage in September affected some users of the iTunes Store for less than six hours.

Apple, based in Cupertino, California, didn t return calls and e-mails seeking comment about Wednesday s interruption.

 If it s a data-center breach, it could be meaningful, but it s very hard to say what the impact will be without knowing what the cause is,  said Stuart Jeffrey, an analyst at Nomura Securities International.

Users in countries including the U.S., Switzerland, Hong Kong and the U.K. reported getting error messages or having difficulty when trying to install or update apps or log in to their accounts.

 The iTunes Store is temporarily unable to process purchases. You may continue to browse the store, but please try your purchase again later,  an Apple message said.

Users in several countries posted on Apple s online support bulletin board getting the message  STATUS CODE ERROR  on the App Store s login window. On Twitter, people aired grievances using the hash tags #appstoredown and #itunesdown.

It was possible to make a purchase from the Apple Store website.

Apple on Monday unveiled details of its smartwatch and a new MacBook at an event in San Francisco. The Apple Watch will be priced from $449 in Canada to more than $13,000 and go on sale April 24.

The company s shares were down less than 1% at US$123.69 at 1:10 p.m. Wednesday.

Bloomberg.com Apple Inc. Holds the Safari Search Card. How Much Should Google Inc. Care? In an interview with Charlie Rose in September, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook said that Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is his company's biggest competitor, not Samsung or old rival Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT). But when you're responsible for half a billion or so computing devices, you're bound to give some business to your rivals, even if they're your biggest threat.

Such is the case with all three of the companies mentioned in the preceding paragraph. Samsung manufacturers Apple's mobile processor chips. Microsoft's technology is behind Siri. And Google is the default search engine on Apple's Safari web browser.

That last example might not be true by the end of the year. Google's search deal with Apple is reportedly up for renewal this year. This could have a meaningful impact on Google's mobile search market share, as well as its revenue.

How much is Apple's business worth?

Analysts at UBS estimate Google is poised to generate $7.8 billion in revenue from its position as the default search engine in Safari. However, it also notes the company spends $2.2 billion in traffic acquisition costs related to its deal with Apple, bringing down net revenue to $5.6 billion.

Now, $5.6 billion in net revenue is about 8.5% of Google's 2014 revenue. Losing that revenue would be a major blow for Google, especially considering analysts expect the company to grow 14.5% this year and 15.5% next year. The analysts at UBS don't think the net revenue impact will be that bad, though.

Instead, they expect 50% of Safari users to switch back to Google as their default browser. That means Google would still generate approximately $3.9 billion from Apple device users, and save its $2.2 billion traffic-acquisition costs. As such, UBS expects losing the Apple contract would only cost Google $1.7 billion in net revenue -- less than 3%.

But what might it really be losing?

If Apple ditches Google, Google stands to lose more than just a couple of billion dollars. It would be getting boxed out of one of the most valuable and fastest-growing markets in online advertising.

Business Insider expects mobile advertising spend to grow 43% per year through 2018, growing to a $42 billion market. Safari accounts for approximately 43% of the mobile-browser market. Even if 50% of users switched back to Google, that would be more than 20% of mobile web browsers that Google could be missing out on.

What's more, Apple users are typically more valuable than non-Apple users due to the premium nature of Apple's products. Indeed, Google specifically mentioned shopping ads are extremely valuable on mobile during its fourth-quarter earnings call, and iPhone and iPad users do much more shopping than Android users. During the holiday season, 80% of mobile shopping orders in the U.S. took place on an Apple product.

A potential replacement

Apple might tap Microsoft to replace Google if it decides to go in a new direction this year, and stick it to its biggest competition. As mentioned, Microsoft's search engine already powers the search capabilities of Siri, and Bing has steadily gained share from Google, particularly on desktops. Nonetheless, Google remains king of mobile devices.

Google accounts for 84% of searches on mobile in the United States, whereas Bing accounts for just 5.7%. A partnership with Apple could be a big boost to Microsoft's search business, with the potential to add 20%-plus of mobile-search share.

While Microsoft may not monetize search queries at the same rate as Google, it's improving rapidly. Search advertising revenue grew 39% in fiscal 2014 on the back of increased search ad prices. The question for Microsoft is whether its ad prices are strong enough to make a bid for Apple's business that's better than Google's. A key part of Apple's decision is how much a search engine is willing to pay in traffic-acquisition costs. If those costs get too high, it stops making sense for Microsoft to make a deal with Apple.

Finally, there's always the possibility that Apple will go the Maps route and to its own search. Despite the backlash and inaccuracies when Apple Maps first launched, about a year later, the number of Apple Maps users to Google Maps users was six-to-one on iPhone. What's to stop Apple from doing the same with search? Apple, Inc.'s New MacBook Positioning Is Perfect Every year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduces the best <insert product name here> that it's "ever made." The company uses this hyperbolic language in order to convey a sense of progression, which in turn justifies paying a premium for the latest and greatest that Apple has to offer.

Before the media event earlier this week, Apple had consolidated its notebook portfolio to the MacBook Air and MacBook Pro, but the company has now brought back the MacBook lineup -- and it's positioned perfectly.

The old switcheroo

Not long ago, the MacBook was positioned as the entry-level consumer notebook. The MacBook Air occupied the mid-range price points, while the high-end MacBook Pro naturally appealed to professionals who demanded greater performance.

But as Apple embarked upon its transition toward high-resolution Retina displays -- an admittedly long and arduous process given the engineering complexities -- something happened. The MacBook Air stopped being competitive in terms of its specifications.

While rival PC OEMs were embracing higher quality display panels, the MacBook Air started to look a little long in the tooth due to the lower quality TN panel inside. Yet Apple couldn't simply toss a Retina display in and call it a day. Instead, Apple continued dropping the price of the MacBook Air, which has now become its entry-level consumer notebook and starts at $899.

That's why the new MacBook fits right in. It will become the mid-range MacBook, and the higher price point relative to the MacBook Air will be justified by the newer design and the Retina display. In terms of sheer performance, the Intel Core M isn't more powerful than what's currently found in MacBook Airs, which is why the new MacBook must justify its premium price in other areas, such as the display, fanless design, and silent operation.

Apple has effectively switched the positioning of the MacBook and MacBook Air.

Keep on keepin' on

While the Mac business has declined in relative importance as the iPhone business soared, it still remains an important part of Apple's legacy. On a trailing-12-month basis, the Mac comprises 12% of sales, just a hair shy of the iPad's 14%. Under traditional resource allocation models, that would typically dictate that Apple spend more on developing iPads than Macs, but Apple has never bought in to traditional resource allocation models.

Meanwhile, Apple is distancing the new MacBook from the iPad. The iPad Air and Air 2 have a 9.7-inch display, which is a little too close to the 11.6-inch MacBook Air for comfort. This is before even considering the rumored iPad Pro that everyone's been talking about, which may similarly feature a 12-inch display. Now, Apple can confidently sell a flagship iPad Air 2 and new 12-inch MacBook without as much overlap in the value proposition.

To be fair, Apple deserves some credit where it's due: this is the strongest MacBook lineup it's ever had. Apple Inc. Logo Is Not Memorable After All Apple s brand may be the most valuable one in the world, but apparently consumers can t remember its logo very well. A recent study found that the majority of consumers are unable to draw the Apple logo from memory without taking the time to study it first.

Few can draw the Apple logo from memory

The study was conducted at UCLA and covered 85 students. Of the students who participated in the study, 89% of them were Apple users. Only seven of the 85 students could draw the company s logos without any big mistakes, and only one could draw it totally accurately.

The study showed the drawings each student did. They indicate that many students have a general idea about what Apple s logo but missed some rather minor details. For example, many of them put the bite out of the apple in the wrong place. Others put two stems at the top of the apple rather than one. Still others drew images that didn t even resemble Apple s logo at all.

The study also found that when presented with a bunch of similar-looking Apple logos, less than half (47%) were able to pick out the correct one. Those who used Apple products did slightly better than PC users, but the scientists who conducted the study said the difference between the two groups wasn t significant.

It s not just Apple

The disconnect between the popularity of Apple s brand and the ability to remember its logo isn t anything new. Another study that was conducted in the 1970s found that people couldn t even remember whose face was on the penny.

However, the scientists who conducted the Apple study said their study is different because it looked at logos that are  prominently advertised  and that people look at often. The logos are also meant to be memorable and easily recognizable, whereas people don t spend a lot of time looking at the penny.

In this study, scientists chalk up the students  inability to draw or pick out the Apple logo to what they call  attentional saturation  leading to  inattentional amnesia.  The scientists suggested that the simplicity of Apple s logo means that people don t pay attention to the details because their brain simply thinks they don t have to. 
2015-11-09
3 Questions for Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently booked another wonderful quarter that should leave investors pleased with the company's performance and direction. As one of the most owned, followed, and prognosticated-about companies on Earth, we all know a lot about Apple. But after listening to the earnings conference call from Oct. 27, I have three questions I'd like to ask CEO Tim Cook about Apple and its future.

What more should Apple be doing in emerging markets?

Apple has done an excellent job expanding its reach into emerging markets, with China as the focal point. Its combination of brand power, logistical expertise, and financing is unmatched in the business world, and Apple has used this advantage to deliver staggering revenue growth rates in the Middle Kingdom. FY 2015 results included total revenue of $234 billion, with $79 million of that coming from emerging markets. Q4 2015 revenue from China was up 99% compared with Q4 2014.

Apple is doing a lot of things right when it comes to China, but in the conference call, Cook said:

If you look back five years, China's middle class had about 50 million people, and if you look ahead five years, it will have 10 times that number in it. And I feel like we are reasonably well positioned in China. I'm sure we can do better, but I think we are doing fairly well there.

I would like the Apple chief to offer a bit more color about what he thinks should be changed or improved upon. In five years, the Chinese middle class could consist of half a billion consumers. Perhaps China should be even more of a focus for Apple than it already is.

Is it time to modify the capital-allocation plan?

The scale of Apple's capital-allocation plan over the past few years has been unprecedented. The company has completed $143 billion of its authorized $200 billion capital-return program. The success of this program is easily illustrated in two ways. First is the drastic reduction in share count since 2013.

Second is looking at the real impact this reduction has had on EPS growth. Year-over-year quarterly earnings were up around 30%, while EPS over that same period was up around 38%. EPS is what matters to the individual investor, and this 8-point delta is the real effect of share buybacks.

All of that said, I wonder if the company should increase its dividend at a more rapid pace than it has been. In the past quarter, $3 billion was spent on dividends and $14 billion on buybacks. While I agree that the shares are undervalued and understand the beneficial tax treatment of buybacks compared with dividends, I wonder if the mix should be balanced out a bit more. Investors who wish to acquire more shares can reinvest their dividends, while others seeking income now might be drawn to invest. A yield in the 3%-4% range would surely draw a broader base of investors than the current sub-2% payout will.

Is it time to make a big acquisitive splash?

In the past fiscal year, according to Cook, Apple "completed 15 acquisitions to enhance and accelerate our roadmap for products and services." Nearly any acquisition will be relatively small when the acquiring company sports a market cap north of $600 billion, but Apple is famous for not splurging on big-ticket items. Its $3 billion-plus acquisition of Beats in 2014 remains the largest purchase in the company's history.

It's hard to argue with Apple's blueprint to date. It buys companies for talented engineers or a specific piece of technology that can then be integrated into existing or new products. Spending $500 million for something that can make the iPhone 2% better is a great buy. Apple has become the world's most valuable publicly traded company using this method, but I think it might be time to explore a large acquisition.

The "largeness" of this is, of course, relative. Twitter at around $20 billion would be a large purchase for many companies but a drop in the bucket for Apple. Netflix at around $45 billion would be stretching the piggy bank a little further, and Disney at nearly $200 billion would be an "all-in" type of gamble on the future of media content and consumption. Apple would of course need to pay a premium to all of these figures. One other interesting possibility would be GoPro, which currently has a market cap under $4 billion and would be a similar type of purchase to the Beats acquisition. These are random suggestions, but the right acquisition could be a jolt for Apple and prospective investors.

I'm happy with how things are going

It's hard to find fault with Cook's performance since he took over the top job. Apple trades at a compelling valuation, seems to have a shareholder-friendly capital-allocation plan, and continues to grow both the top and bottom lines. The company isn't standing still and answers to these three questions would give investors a better view of what's on the horizon for this company. Synaptics Incorporated Might Have Won Apple Inc. Back -- for Now It's been quite a while since Synaptics (NASDAQ:SYNA) could call Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) a customer, but the chipmaker might have just won the Mac maker back.

Last year, both Apple and Synaptics were reportedly interested in acquiring Renesas SP Drivers, which is the sole supplier for touch and display driver integration, or TDDI, chips in iPhones. Synaptics ended up purchasing the company, which gave it a shot at winning back Apple's business through the acquisition. Synaptics paid $475 million for the smaller company. Shortly after the acquisition, Synaptics CEO Rick Bergman said, "If Apple is to become a customer of Synaptics again, we're absolutely thrilled and happy and hope we can continue the strong relationship that it appears to have had with RSP."

Apple has now ordered TDDI chips from Synaptics for the 2016 iPhone, according to DIGITIMES. The news comes just a few months after Synaptics announced that it had begun sampling second-generation TDDI chips to OEMs. Shares jumped 6% last week on the report.

Getting back together

Once upon a time, Synaptics supplied the capacitive components that made the iPod click wheel possible, but as Apple transitioned to capacitive touchscreens across its products, it also transitioned away from using Synaptics products.

Synaptics' acquisition of Renesas has been a huge success since it accelerated Synaptics' roadmap for TDDI offerings. TDDI adoption continues to rise, since the technology allows OEMs to integrate touchscreen controllers and display drivers together directly, enabling thinner and lighter designs while also lowering overall component costs by using a single-chip solution. Synaptics has previously said that it expects over half of all smartphones will have display-integrated touchscreens by the end of 2015.

It might just be a fling

It's worth pointing out that while Apple may be coming back to Synaptics as a customer, it might not stay for long. The Mac maker has reportedly been working on an internal in-house TDDI offering, hiring away Renesas engineers a while back. But Apple's TDDI development is supposedly behind schedule, according to DIGITIMES, in which case it is turning to the familiar supplier in the interim.

Apple's eventual TDDI chip may also integrate fingerprint sensors, which could even allow the company to eliminate the characteristic physical home button by integrating Touch ID capabilities into the display.

Synaptics' main flame

While Synaptics would certainly appreciate some Apple business, it doesn't need it. Investors have seen countless other Apple suppliers get burned, but Synaptics is doing just fine selling into the rest of the smartphone market as well. That's especially true in regard to fingerprint sensors, which Synaptic has been offering to Android OEMs following its acquisition of Validity Sensors in 2013. Samsung uses Synaptics' fingerprint sensors in its flagship Galaxy phones.

Companies that rely too much on Apple face significant customer concentration risk. That's not to say that Synaptics is free from customer concentration risk. Its three largest customers, one of which is Samsung, accounted for a combined 60% of revenue last quarter. Still, adding Apple as an incremental customer is never a bad thing. Positives And Negatives Apple Investors Must Know, According To UBS Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) were lower by more than 0.50 percent late Monday morning despite Steven Milunovich of UBS maintaining a Buy rating and $150 price target in a new research note. Milunovich highlighted two negative concerns and five positives. The analyst noted that the five positives outweigh the negative aspects.

Steven Milunovich of UBS maintained a Buy rating and $150 price target on shares of Apple in a new research report on Monday. The analyst highlighted two negative concerns he has moving forward, but cited five positive trends that outweigh his concerns.

The negative concerns include: 1) demand for the 6s is lower than for the 6 a year ago and 2) upgrade cycles are lengthening.

The positives include: 1) Apple is the only brand expected to gain market share, 2) the mix continues to shift toward larger screens and higher memory, 3) 20 percent of U.S. users expect to use Apple's Upgrade Program, 4) China demand remains strong and 5) a projected 4 percent unit growth for iPhone devices in fiscal 2016 appears "conservative."

Related Link: Apple Tops Q4 Views

2 Main Concerns: iPhone 6s Demand, Upgrade Cycles

According to Milunovich's study, around 31 percent of the user base upgraded to the 6 line as of the September quarter, while an estimated 280 million user base have yet to upgrade. Even allowing that some users will upgrade to the 5s rather than the 6, the 31 percent finding "does not strike us as high."

The study also noted that 22 percent of consumers intend to purchase a handset in the next six months. This marks a decrease from the 24 percent recorded in the second quarter and 29 percent a year ago. As such, the analyst concluded that the average handset life is increasing across all regions.

The Positives

Apple To Gain Market Share

Eighty-two (82) percent of Apple's customer plans on repurchasing an Apple device when they next upgrade their device. This rate happens to be the strongest among all manufacturers and helps Apple defend its market share.

Meanwhile, the study also showed that Apple is the only brand expected to gain market share across all regions. For example, 28 percent of respondents in China said their current smartphone is an Apple device, but 41 percent said their next smartphone brand will be an Apple device.

Favorable Mix Toward Larger Screen, Memory

Milunovich continues to see a trend toward users buying larger screen devices with higher storage levels   a favorable mix given the higher margins.

The analyst noted that CIRP data indicated that base model iPhones declined to less than 40 percent of units, down from 55 percent a year ago. The mid-range variants have also gained the most though some data does suggest gains at the $200 step-up level.

Upgrade Program  Striking A Chord'

Milunovich stated that Apple's new iPhone Upgrade Program appears to be "striking a cord" and has gathered "solid interest" with 20 percent of respondents stating they are likely to take part in the installment plan.

China Remains  Strong'

Milunovich's survey suggested that while overall demand for the iPhone 6s is less than the iPhone 6, demand remains "strong" in China. In fact, out of all regions surveyed, interest in the 6s is the strongest in China, while interest in the older iPhone 6 is "even higher."

2016 Initial Estimates Could Be Conservative

Finally, the analyst stated that based on his survey, his estimated fiscal 2016 upgrade figure for iPhone devices is 166 million units, an 11 percent increase from the estimated 149 million units in fiscal 2015.

Milunovich concluded that Apple's current momentum, when coupled with the survey results, suggests continued share gains for Apple implies that his outlook may be too conservative.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Apple China Apple Upgrade ProgramAnalyst Color Long Ideas Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Watch Market Disruption: It's A Battle For The Wrist  Apple Inc - Ireland still sees EU tax decision on Apple by year-end - Reuters  
2015-04-11
What Would It Take to Kill Apple Inc.? In 1997, Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) was nearly bankrupt. In fact, had it not been for a $150 million investment that year from Microsoft -- worried it could be viewed as a monopoly without competition from the folks in Cupertino -- Apple likely would have never had the chance to build upon success after success to become the tech behemoth it is today.

The world may have never seen Apple change the face of music with the iPod and iTunes in 2001. Or alter the smartphone landscape with the first-gen iPhone in 2007. Or disrupt the industry again with the first iPad in 2010.

Now here we are, 18 years later, and Apple just became the latest member of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. It's the most valuable publicly traded company in the world by a long shot. For perspective, with its market capitalization at $737 billion as of this writing, Apple is more than twice as large as Microsoft ($339 billion), almost three times as big as Wal-Mart ($261 billion), and more than four times the value of Samsung Electronics ($188 billion).

At the end of its most recent quarter, Apple's $178 billion cash hoard was roughly equal to the total market cap of Amazon.com. Considering that represented a $22.7 billion sequential increase over the previous quarter, you can bet Apple has grown even richer since then thanks to sustained strength in iPhone sales. And Apple started taking pre-orders online for Apple Watch on Friday, only to see its latest device defy skeptics by selling out all available launch stock within minutes.

The bigger they are...

But that begs the question: What would it take to kill Apple -- or at the very least, to bring it back to its unenviable situation in 1997?

History is full of examples of fallen business titans. Look at AOL, for example, whose $160 billion+ valuation crumbled in the years after it merged with Time Warner in 2001. Or take RadioShack, which finally filed for bankruptcy two months ago, rendering its stock essentially worthless 16 years after it peaked at nearly $90 per share in 1999.

Or consider BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY) -- or, as we all knew it a few short years ago, Research In Motion -- the value of which has fallen more than 95% since not-so-coincidentally peaking the same year Apple announced its first iPhone. As it stands, I think BlackBerry's rise and fall offers the most comparable tale of caution for Apple shareholders.

But first, to get a gauge of just how far Apple has come, consider this chart of the two companies' respective market capitalizations during the past decade:

It's obvious, then, Apple's influence extends much further than the still-impressive scope BlackBerry enjoyed in its hayday, which would make Apple's fall only that much more impressive.

So what was BlackBerry's critical mistake? First and foremost, BlackBerry consistently underestimated the possibility Apple could disrupt its core business.

In early 1997, BlackBerry's then co-CEO Jim Balsillie mused of the iPhone, "It's kind of one more entrant into an already very busy space with lots of choice for consumers. [...] But in terms of a sort of a sea-change for BlackBerry, I would think that's overstating it."

Later that year, BlackBerry co-founder Mike Lazaridis added, "Try typing a web key on a touchscreen on an Apple iPhone, that's a real challenge. You cannot see what you type."

One disruptive threat

As it stands for Apple, one potential threat along these lines is up-and-coming Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi. Xiaomi went from a small start-up in 2010 to China's leading smartphone vendor by the end of 2014, thanks in large part to its propensity for offering devices with premium specifications at affordable prices.

Though some might argue Apple's premium positioning means Xiaomi is a bigger threat to fellow Android smartphone makers like Samsung, make no mistake: Xiaomi has Apple in its sights. Case in point: This recent Xiaomi ad hilariously highlights its own sleek engineering efforts in the MINote smartphone by poking fun at iPhone 6's protruding lens:

To Apple's credit, recent market research from Kantar Worldpanel showed that, as of February 2015, strong demand for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus helped Apple's market share in China rise 9.7 percentage points, to 27.6%, marking the first time Apple has exceeded Xaiomi on the metric.

But Xiaomi isn't sitting on its hands as Apple takes share: On Thursday, the company announced it just sold 2.11 million handsets in a 12-hour online sale on Wednesday, setting a new Guinness World Record for the most mobile phones sold on a single online platform during a 24-hour period.

Of course, those 2.11 million handsets "only" gathered $335 million in sales, good for an average selling price just above $158. By comparision, Apple's iPhone ASP came in at a record $687 last quarter. But even as Apple's cash continues to pile up, it can't ignore the risks of merely having a viable competitor willing to sacrifice the very margins that make Apple's business model so attractive.

If that wasn't enough, Xiaomi is intent on spreading its influence. Earlier this year, for example, Xiaomi unveiled a line of sensor kits to enable smart homes -- a seemingly direct shot at the HomeKit software platform unveiled by Apple last year.

Never say never

Because they arguably serve two distinct corners of the market, perhaps there's plenty of room for companies like Apple and Xiaomi to peacefully coexist. With each passing quarter of success, there's no doubt it will be more difficult to supplant the growing ecosystem Apple continues to build.

But if one thing is sure in the end, it's that as long as Apple's prowess endures, there will always be competitors aiming to derail it. More than likely, then, is the possibility of some yet-to-be-known tech innovator rising from obscurity and taking the world by storm. If Apple fails to take such threats seriously over the long term, it could find itself right back where it started 18 years ago. This Could Be Apple, Inc.'s Next iPhone Lineup While Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is probably still 5 months away from revealing its next iPhone lineup, there has already been plenty of speculation about its plans. It's virtually certain that the tech titan will roll out updated versions of its popular iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus -- but beyond that, numerous theories abound.

However, a look back at some of the recent changes in Apple's iPhone lineup may provide some hints about what changes could be coming this fall.

What we (probably) know

Apple fans have eagerly embraced larger-screened phones since the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus debuted. As a result, Apple-followers almost all expect the company to roll out new versions of each phone, which likely will be dubbed the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

In addition to upgrading the processor -- which it does every year -- Apple will probably boost the RAM in both new models from 1 GB to 2 GB. That will allow for snappier performance.

Furthermore, as my Foolish colleague Jamal Carnette has discussed, Apple may be ready to bring its Force Touch technology to the iPhone. This feature allows the device to distinguish between a "tap" and a "press." Force Touch would enable new ways of interacting with your iPhone, and it could be particularly useful for game developers.

There could be some other tweaks to the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, but major deviations from this blueprint would be rather surprising. But Apple's plans for the lower half of its iPhone lineup are less clear. To get a sense of what might come next, let's first take a look back at what Apple has done in the past.

Apple: tweaking its pattern

In 2011, upon announcing the iPhone 4S, Apple cut the price of the two-generations-old iPhone 3GS to zero with a 2-year wireless contract. That marked the first time Apple had offered a "free" iPhone. Meanwhile, the price of the last-generation iPhone 4 dropped from $199 to $99 on-contract.

In 2012, Apple repeated this theme. The iPhone 3GS was discontinued at the same time the iPhone 5 was launched, while the iPhone 4 and iPhone 4S prices were each reduced by $100.

However, in 2013, Apple deviated from this pattern slightly. On the one hand, it discontinued the iPhone 4 in most regions and made the iPhone 4S free on contract, in keeping with previous practice. On the other hand, it also discontinued the iPhone 5. Instead, it launched 2 new models: the iPhone 5s took over the top-of-the-line spot, while the colorful iPhone 5c took the mid-range spot in Apple's lineup (which would have gone to the iPhone 5 otherwise).

Last year, Apple returned to its previous practice of keeping both of the most recent iPhone models around. The iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c both got $100 price cuts. But Apple still introduced 2 new models. This time the iPhone 6 replaced the iPhone 5s at the $199 price point (on-contract) and the iPhone 6 Plus was introduced at an even higher $299 starting price.

What happens next?

In the past few months, several rumors have circulated regarding the possible existence of a new "iPhone 6c." This would be a 4-inch iPhone with a plastic casing available in multiple colors. In other words, it would be visually similar to the iPhone 5c, but with updated internal specs more in line with the iPhone 6.

If the rumors about the iPhone 6c are accurate, it's possible that Apple plans to repeat its 2013 tactic of switching out the previous year's $199 model for a cheaper-to-produce alternative. In other words, Apple may discontinue the iPhone 6 (and the iPhone 6 Plus) this fall, with the iPhone 6c taking the $99 on-contract price point that would otherwise have gone to the iPhone 6.

This move would make sense in multiple ways. First, it would bring upgraded hardware and an NFC chip (to enable Apple Pay) to the 4-inch form factor that is still used by about half of all iPhone users. Second, iPhone users have shown they are willing to pay up for larger screen sizes. Keeping a 4-inch phone in the $99 price slot would make iPhone buyers continue to pay higher prices for the larger 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens, thus padding Apple's profit margin.

As for the "free" option, the normal -- and most likely -- progression would be for the iPhone 5s to slide down to the entry-level position. However, Apple might instead decide to keep the iPhone 5c instead of the iPhone 5s. That would further reduce its costs, while removing the confusing aspect of having a phone with a premium aluminum casing priced lower than the (expected) plastic iPhone 6c.

The most likely situation

Apple probably won't take the wraps off its next iPhone lineup until September. However, it is already pretty clear that it will update the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The new versions will most likely be called the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, with starting prices (on-contract) of $199 and $299, respectively.

At the lower end of its lineup, rather than dropping the price of the base iPhone 6 to $99, Apple may introduce a new model called the iPhone 6c. This would have most of the internal specs of an iPhone 6 inside the body of an iPhone 5c. To round things out, Apple will probably make the iPhone 5s free with a 2-year cellular contract -- but there's an outside chance that the iPhone 5c will remain in that bargain slot. 
2015-01-31
Apple, Inc. Earnings: It's 2012 All Over Again Last week, I mused on whether Apple, (NASDAQ:AAPL) investors would "party like it's 2012." That year, Apple overcame doubts about the sustainability of its iPhone success, gross margin surged to record highs, and the stock shot up from around $400 at the beginning of the year to $700 by September. (Apple stock has since split 7-for-1.)

The 2015 party's already getting started. On Tuesday afternoon, Apple released a stellar earnings report for the December quarter -- and gave a forecast that suggests the good times will continue throughout 2015.

A 2012-style blowout

Apple's EPS for Q1 of fiscal year 2015 jumped 48% year over year to $3.06. Revenue rose 30% to $74.6 billion. Both figures easily exceeded Wall Street analysts' estimates -- on average, they were expecting revenue of $67.5 billion and EPS of $2.62, according to FactSet Research.

In many ways, this looked like a replay of Apple's earnings report for Q1 of fiscal year 2012 (released three years ago in January 2012) -- albeit on a somewhat more modest scale. That time, Apple blew by the average analyst earnings estimate by a stunning 38%, as sales across all of its product lines exceeded expectations and margins expanded dramatically.

Once again, conservative guidance from Apple tripped up a lot of investors. Back in October, the company estimated that revenue would total $63.5 billion-$66.5 billion. At the time, I noted that Apple might be lowballing its guidance, given the inherent uncertainty in how fast iPhone production could ramp up.

As a result, it seemed quite likely that Apple would surpass $70 billion in revenue as long as iPhone suppliers could boost production in line with demand. (It turns out that my estimate was still too conservative!) Sure enough, Apple CFO Luca Maestri stated Tuesday that the company was able to build more iPhones than expected last quarter.

More good times ahead

Apple's March quarter guidance suggests that the good times will continue. Apple is projecting revenue of $52 billion-$55 billion, which would represent 14%-20% growth. This compares to an average analyst estimate for revenue of $53.8 billion.

However, once again Apple probably provided ultra-conservative guidance. While the strong dollar is weighing on Apple's international revenue, iPhone uptake remains strong and Apple ended last quarter below its channel inventory target. Apple could get a couple billion dollars in extra sales this quarter from distribution partners increasing their inventory.

Furthermore, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have been especially popular in China. As a result, the typical spike in sales around the Chinese New Year could be magnified this year. This means Apple could face several more weeks of peak iPhone demand before sales start to taper off to a more sustainable level.

Apple CEO Tim Cook also announced that the Apple Watch will ship in April, so it won't impact the current quarter. This should allow Apple to generate strong revenue and earnings growth in the June quarter, as it will benefit from the full wave of initial demand for the Apple Watch.

Growth is not over

Undoubtedly, Apple bears will fall back on the age-old concerns that the high-end smartphone and tablet markets will eventually become saturated and that replacement cycles will slow down.

There may be some truth to these arguments. But the saturation point has not arrived yet. Apple observed a record number of people switching from Android to iPhone last quarter, as well as a record number of "new-to-iPhone" sales overall. Even the iPad -- for which sales declined about 20% last quarter -- brought in lots of new users. More than 50% of iPad sales went to first-time buyers.

Meanwhile, the current iPhone replacement cycle has a long way to go, and growth in the overall user base should offset any slowdown in the typical replacement cycle. As for iPad, most users are still on their first one. There hasn't been a major replacement cycle yet. Whenever it occurs, it will be pure upside compared to Apple's recent iPad sales levels.

In short, Apple is firing on all cylinders. Despite its long-term growth potential, the stock trades for just 13 times-14 times Apple's likely fiscal year 2015 earnings. As Apple continues to prove doubters wrong in 2015, shareholders could be in for another year of strong share price appreciation. Forget Apple, Inc.: Here Are Better Stocks to Buy Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is just about the most iconic tech stock and high-growth vehicle on the market today. Consumers love Cupertino's products, and Apple's stock has made many investors very wealthy.

But that burnished pedigree doesn't automatically make Apple the best tech stock to buy today. Three Motley Fool contributors had no problem coming up with even better investment vehicles for the long run. Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) is a media powerhouse shifting into a higher gear, Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO) is quietly building a solid turnaround story, and Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) is in the early stages of constructing a global empire.

Read on for much more detail on these three proposed Apple-beaters.

Tim Beyers (Time Warner): Who says you need tech stocks to get tech-stock-like gains? Media companies have been producing market-crushing gains for a while now. Time Warner could continue the trend in the year ahead, outperforming even Apple.

Distribution is a big reason why. Warner has done an excellent job getting its DC Comics properties into the hands of more licensees. Consider Gotham. 21st Century Fox (NASDAQ:FOX) won a bidding war for the right to distribute the show on regular television. Warner preserved the streaming rights, which it has since sold to Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) for a reported $1.75 million per episode. Add it up, and Gotham looks to be one of this season's most profitable debuts.

Yet it's not the only one in development. CBS (NYSE:CBS) has ordered Supergirl to a series, with Glee's Melissa Benoist cast in the title role. Syfy has hired David S. Goyer to develop a Superman prequel called Krypton, and The CW recently unveiled the first trailer for the DC Comics-based horror comedy iZombie. Warner is producing each show and, where appropriate, collecting fees for licensing the characters involved.

Mix in HBO and a wide range of highly successful theatrical releases -- including the Academy Award-nominated American Sniper -- and it starts to become clear why Rupert Murdoch bid $85 a share for Time Warner in July. The business has only grown more valuable since, yet the stock continues to trade below Murdoch's offer. Don't expect that to last much longer.

Anders Bylund (Netflix): Let me tell the Netflix story from two angles.

First, there's the rearview mirror. Over the past five years, Apple has crushed the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) index and its 81% return with a solid 312% surge. This span includes most of the iPhone era and just about the entire history of the iPad series. It's Apple's finest hour, at least in terms of raw business performance.

Meanwhile, Netflix raced to a heart-stopping 778% gain. It was hardly a smooth ride, including the boneheaded Qwikster scare in 2011 and a double helping of large corrections in 2014. Still, Netflix delivered more than twice the shareholder value of Apple's admittedly impressive performance.

If you think I was cherry-picking a time frame to show Netflix in a better light than Apple, I'd like to show you an even longer view. Netflix has held its own against the fruit-flavored growth phenom over the past decade, too:

Past performance is no guarantee of future returns, of course. So let's look ahead, too.

Apple is bumping up against the law of large numbers nowadays. With a $664 billion market cap leaning on just under $200 billion in trailing revenues, you kind of need a cosmic bulldozer to move Apple's needle any further.

Netflix, on the other hand, is just getting started.

The company offers streaming services in just over 50 countries today. Netflix aims to cover the entire globe in less than two years, expanding its addressable market fourfold. This will be done while reporting positive earnings along the way -- and then Netflix shifts gears from market expansion to maximized profits.

The shareholder value you'll see unlocked in 2017 promises to be staggering. In the meantime, Netflix is a relative minnow with just $5.5 billion in annual sales supporting a $27 billion mid-cap market value.

Come back in five years, and I believe you'll find Netflix's market cap in the same ballpark as Apple's. We're talking multibagger potential here.

Dan Caplinger (Cisco Systems): Value investors always like to seek out promising stocks that are out of favor. Cisco Systems hasn't been in investors' good graces for years as the tech giant has gone through a painful transition. The networking giant never fully recovered from the tech bust in 2000, and efforts to diversify beyond its core business have had only mixed success.

Yet there are signs now that Cisco's turnaround story might finally be making progress. In its most recent quarterly results, Cisco set new records for revenue. With its emphasis on taking advantage of the rise of the Internet of Things, Cisco is in a strong position, as it offers enterprise customers products that cover networking, communication, and security needs in an integrated package. As Cisco aims to sell not only hardware but also software for cyber-protection and data analytics, it has the opportunity to make the most of its impressive customer base. In addition, Cisco has become an increasingly relevant player in the server business, which has become increasingly important in a cloud-computing world. With its Unified Computing Systems aimed at companies that want to handle all-purpose computing needs, Cisco has positioned itself to be a one-stop source for technology solutions for large and small customers alike.

Moreover, Cisco treats shareholders well. It has dramatically increased its dividend in recent years, with a 2.7% current yield that easily tops Apple. Cisco also spent $1 billion on stock buybacks in just the most recent quarter, and further repurchases are likely -- especially given that the shares currently fetch just 13 times forward earnings. With so much room to run, Cisco looks like a good candidate for investors in 2015 and beyond. 
2015-08-05
Apple Inc.'s iPhone Falls Behind Xiaomi and Huawei In China Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was the top smartphone maker China in the first quarter of 2015, but it slipped to third place in the second quarter, according to new data from research firms Canalys and Counterpoint Research. The reports caused Apple stock to slip over 2% on Aug. 4.

Counterpoint claims that Apple claimed just 12.2% of the market, putting it behind Xiaomi and Huawei's respective shares of 15.8% and 15.4%. In the first quarter, Apple led the market with a 16% market share. Canalys hasn't released full market share figures yet, but its overall rankings are the same as Counterpoint's.

Should investors worry about Apple's apparent slowdown in the world's largest smartphone market?

Xiaomi and Huawei bounce back

Xiaomi recently launched the Mi Note Pro, an upgraded version of its popular Mi Note phablet, and the new low-end Redmi 2. In the first half of 2015, Xiaomi's smartphone shipments rose 33% annually to 34.7 million units. That growth sounds impressive, but it represents a steep slowdown from the triple-digit growth it posted in previous years. It also indicates that Xiaomi will miss its prior full-year forecast for 80 million to 100 million shipments in 2015.

Meanwhile, Huawei experienced robust demand for its new Honor smartphones, which are sold through the same low-margin, online-only business model as Xiaomi. That growth boosted Huawei's smartphone shipments 39% annually to 48.2 million units in the first half of 2015. Unlike Xiaomi, Huawei expects to hit its sales target of 100 million smartphones by the end of the year. Huawei's overall sales are higher than Xiaomi's because it sells its phones in more overseas markets than Xiaomi, which generates most of its sales from China.

Reading between the lines

Apple lost market share in China, but it also didn't introduce any new products during the quarter. Instead, its second-quarter sales were fueled entirely by the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which were launched last October. Therefore, Apple's market share could bounce back quickly once it launches its new 6s models later this year.

We should also remember that iPhone sales rose 35% annually worldwide to 47.5 million units last quarter. Apple didn't disclose how many units were shipped to China, but CEO Tim Cook stated that iPhone shipments to the region soared 87% annually. That was an impressive feat, since China's smartphone market contracted annually for the first time in six years during the first quarter, according to IDC.

Why Apple investors shouldn't worry

Comparing Apple to other smartphone makers is an apple-to-oranges comparison for two simple reasons. First, Apple and Android handsets exist in two different software ecosystems. Customers who want an iOS handset must buy an iPhone. Those who prefer Android have a lot more choices. Since users get locked in by digital purchases on iOS or Android, the iPhone doesn't directly compete against Xiaomi or Huawei's Android handsets.

Second, Apple is a well-established luxury brand in China. Last year, the Hurun Research Institute reported that Apple was the top luxury brand for gift-giving among China's richest, crushing classic brands such as Cartier, Hermes, and Louis Vuitton. Xiaomi and Huawei, being discount Android brands, naturally didn't make the cut.

That snob appeal lets Apple sell cheaper hardware at premium prices, which gives it an enviable mix of high margins and strong sales volume. As a result, Apple swallowed up 92% of the world's smartphone profits during the first quarter, according to Canaccord Genuity analyst Mike Walkley, although it controlled only 18% of the overall market.

The bottom line

In my opinion, investors shouldn't fret about Apple's market share dip in China. As long as Apple retains its premium appeal and expands its walled ecosystem in China, people will faithfully line up for new products such as the iPhone 6s. I'd only be concerned if the iPhone 6s fails to boost Apple's market share in China later this year.

Meanwhile, a slowdown in the overall smartphone market should hurt Android rivals -- which must fight both a sluggish market and each other -- more than Apple. Therefore, instead of comparing Apple with Android smartphone makers, investors should compare Apple's sales performance with its own in previous years. Apple Inc. (AAPL) May Be On The Cusp For A 15-30% Relative Underperformance Apple May Be On The Cusp For A 15-30% Relative Underperformance by Eric Bush, Gavekal Capital

Calling a top in Apple s stock has been a fools errand for most of the past 15 years. Major pull backs in Apple s stock just haven t been very common. Apple experienced about a 55% decline in 2008-2009 and another approximate 45% decline in 2012-2013. Other than that, as the chart below shows, its been a pretty smooth (and impressive) ride consistently higher.

However, for the first time in well over a year Apple has lost steam relative to the MSCI World All-Country Index. In our point and figure chart below, Apple has recently had a 10% relative underperformance against the global stock market (not including the -3% decline today).

Apple s stock is at a very precarious technical position. It managed to break above previous highs in late 2014, however, it is now starting to retrace those gains and is back below the highs made in 2012. If Apple retraces 50% of 2014 gain, which could be the minimum expected move for this type of configuration, we are looking at at least another 15% relative underperformance in the near future. And quite often stocks with Apple s configuration will retrace almost all of the gains to retest the high performance bullish trend line that has been in place since 2013. If this were to happen Apple would underperform by about 30-40% from today s prices.

Of course as the biggest stock in the world this would undeniably have ramifications for stock indexes around the world. Perhaps, it would lead to the headline indexes following the many stocks around the world that have already moved lower. Apple has made history by becoming for the first stock to trade above a $700 billion market cap. It seems that it may not have the muster to reach $800 billion, at least at the present time.

Disclosure: The above mentioned security may be in our current portfolio. Please refer to our website for a current list of our holdings   http://www.gavekalcapital.com/ucits/ Apple Defeats Bid for Group Suit Over Texts Lost in Phone Swap Apple Inc. won a ruling beating back a group lawsuit sought by a former iPhone user who claimed the company s messaging system interfered with delivery of texts after she switched to an Android-based smartphone.

Plaintiff Adrienne Moore said in her complaint filed in San Jose, California that Apple s iMessage retains text messages sent from other users of Apple devices and wouldn t deliver them to her Samsung phone running on Google Inc. s Android operating system.

U.S. District Judge Lucy H. Koh on Tuesday ruled the case can t proceed as a group lawsuit because it s not clear enough that all proposed members of the suit suffered an inconvenience due to any  contractual breach or interference  stemming from the iMessage system.

Even if Moore is correct in arguing iMessage has  systematic flaws that could result in the disruption of text messaging services, that determination does not assist the court in determining whether iMessage actually caused the proposed class members to suffer any interference,  Koh wrote in her ruling.

The ruling is a win for Apple because allowing the case to proceed stood to increase the iPhone maker s potential costs in defending the case, and could have given plaintiffs leverage to negotiate a deal.

The lawsuit claimed customers who replace their Apple devices with non-Apple wireless phones and tablets are  penalized and unable to obtain the full benefits of their wireless-service contracts. 

The suit claimed Apple failed to disclose that switching to a device other than one running its iOS operating system would result in interference. The suit is based on contractual interference and unfair competition laws.

Roy Katriel, a lawyer representing Moore, didn t immediately return a call after regular business hours seeking comment.

The case is Moore v. Apple Inc., 14-cv-02269, U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (San Jose). Here's Apple's impact on the S&P 500, tech sector Apple Inc. s recent rout is sending ripples through financial markets. Even one of Wall Street s most prominent bulls -- and an early Apple champion -- doesn t quite know what to make of it.

Apple AAPL, -0.53% itself had lost more than $100 billion in value as of Tuesday s close, when measured against it s record finish Feb. 23 at $133 a share. Apple finished Tuesday at $114.54, but is attempting a bounce back Wednesday.

Apple has undoubtedly weighed on the broader market, though the S&P 500 is still not far off record levels. So how much does Apple weigh when measured against sectors and markets?

Howard Silverblatt, number-cruncher extraordinaire at S&P Dow Jones Indices, toted it all up in a note Wednesday morning.

Silverblatt notes that Apple makes up 3.57% of the S&P 500 SPX, -0.68%    a ranking that does not even put it in the top-20 year-end historical rankings.  In contrast, he notes that International Business Machines IBM, -0.66% , accounted for 6.37% of the index in 1985.

On a sector level, Apple accounts for 16.2% of information technology, he said. That s big, but not so impressive when compared to Verizon Communication s VZ, -0.61% 43% of the telecom sector or Exxon Mobil s XOM, -1.54% 24% share of energy.

That s not to say Apple isn t an 800-pound gorilla.

On a global basis, Apple makes up 1.54% of the S&P Global Broad Market Index, Silveblatt noted, with Microsoft MSFT, -0.43% second at 0.83% and Exxon Mobil third at 0.73%.

 The combination of Apple s size and price moves, results in an enormous impact on indices, with the only comparison being International Business Machines  impact in the early 1980s, when PCs were new, and IBM was expected to own the market,  Silverblatt wrote.

Apple s impact, both to the upside and the downside, has been so significant it prompted S&P Dow Jones to create an indexes of both the S&P 500 and S&P 500 Information Technology Sector without Apple, Silverblatt said.

From Apple s record close on Feb. 23, the S&P 500 was down 0.77% through Tuesday, but without Apple it was down 0.21%, he said. The information technology sector is off 2.28% since Apple s high, but without Apple it is up 0.72%. Over the longer term, the numbers reverse, with the S&P 500 ex-Apple lagging the complete index.

Silverblatt offers a  handy rule of thumb,  noting that at the current level -- shares, float and divisors -- for every $1 Apple moves, the S&P 500 moves 0.6526. 
2015-08-24
Apple, Inc.: 2 More Reasons to Buy This Falling Knife Most commentators typically advise investors not to try to "catch a falling knife." A falling knife is a stock with a rapidly plunging price. The big price cut can make such a stock look appealing to value investors, but the risk is that whatever negative information caused the stock to fall in the first place will continue to hurt the company.

Today, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock clearly qualifies as a falling knife. The stock hit an all-time (split-adjusted) high of $134.54 in late April and was above $130 as recently as mid-July. Yet it had fallen more than 20% to $105.76 by the end of last week, and briefly plummeted more than 10% to just $92 early on Monday morning before bouncing back to around $104 as of 11 a.m.

However, Apple doesn't look much like your typical falling knife. Its fundamentals are as strong as ever, it has tons of excess cash, and the stock is now extremely cheap. This might be a falling knife worth buying.

Nothing wrong in China

The difference between Apple and most falling knives is that Apple's position as arguably the most watched stock in the world has created a huge rumor mill that allows speculation (both positive and negative) to feed on itself. In this case, the negative sentiment regarding Apple has become overhyped.

One key concern that has been blown out of proportion is that deteriorating economic conditions in China will bring down Apple's most important growth market. China's recent devaluation of the yuan added to these fears. But if economic weakness in China is a threat to Apple, it hasn't shown through its results whatsoever.

Indeed, last quarter, Apple's revenue in Greater China more than doubled year over year. Some analysts pressed CEO Tim Cook about the company's future prospects in China during its earnings call last month, but Cook maintained that while there might be some speed bumps in the near term, China still had huge long-term growth potential.

More recently, he's gone even further. Cook told TV stock pundit Jim Cramer that iPhone growth in China has remained strong through July and August, and has even accelerated in the past few weeks, according to Carl Quintanilla (via The Street). So much for speed bumps.

Visions of 2012?

A second worry that is prominent among Apple investors is that the recent stock plunge looks a lot like what happened in late 2012 and early 2013, when Apple stock plunged from more than $700 to under $400 in less than a year. Investors who tried to catch that falling knife in late 2012 lost a lot of money in the subsequent months.

That said, the bigger lesson from 2012 might be that patience is a virtue. Even investors who bought near the top made all their money back (and more) in the next two years as Apple stock rebounded.

Furthermore, there was a lot more genuinely negative news about Apple in late 2012 than there is today. The iPhone 5 wasn't as profitable as analysts had expected. The highly anticipated iPad Mini carried an even lower gross margin, and it mainly cannibalized full-size iPad sales rather than dramatically expand the market.

From a numbers perspective, analysts cut their EPS estimates for the key December quarter of 2012 by 14% between the end of September and mid-January. The key catalysts were weaker-than-expected earnings guidance and apparent order cuts by Apple.

By contrast, analysts' EPS estimates for the current quarter, the current fiscal year, and next fiscal year have all been steadily rising in the past three months. This represents yet another piece of evidence that there is more hype than substance to investors' concerns about Apple.

A falling knife worth buying

If the recent drop in Apple's stock price has been driven by overhyped concerns, then this may be a case where it's a good idea to buy the falling knife. Apple stock never looked expensive -- even at its peak earlier this year -- and it now trades for less than 11 times projected 2016 earnings. (If you deduct Apple's net cash of about $150 billion, the stock looks even cheaper.)

Furthermore, there are plenty of catalysts on the horizon, including new iPhone and iPad rollouts, which typically occur in September and October, respectively. A strong earnings report in October could also help quell investor panic.

Finally, Apple has been steadily buying back stock as part of what is now a $140 billion share repurchase program. If it decides to catch its own falling knife by buying back even more stock this quarter, it will bolster its EPS growth -- contributing to a future share price rebound. 
2015-07-12
Apple's Share of Smartphone Industry's Profits Soars to 92% Apple sells less than 20% of smartphones but takes in 92% of global smartphone profits, as other makers struggle to break even.

Roughly 1,000 companies make smartphones. Just one reaps nearly all the profits.

Apple Inc. recorded 92% of the total operating income from the world s eight top smartphone makers in the first quarter, up from 65% a year earlier, estimates... 
2015-11-19
3 Areas of Innovation that Apple Inc. Will Likely Focus on for iPhone 7 Not much is known about the upcoming Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 and 7 Plus smartphones beyond a few details that have leaked largely courtesy of KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo. However, I still think even in the absence of leaks that it's possible to get a good handle on what areas Apple will focus on in the coming iPhone generation.

In this article, I'd like to go over three areas where I think Apple will aim to make big strides over the recently launched iPhone 6s. Without further ado, here are the three areas where I think Apple will focus its energies on for its next generation iPhones.

The display deserves a lot of love

With the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, Apple actually did a lot of work to improve the display: It added 3D Touch, fundamentally changing the way users are able to interact with their phones, and the company apparently used a new backlight that allows the displays to actually come in a bit brighter than those on the prior generation iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, respectively.

However, it is widely believed the actual panels remain unchanged.

I believe the quality and competitiveness of the display is something that is incredibly important to Apple (and I'd imagine its customers), which leads me to believe that the company will deliver a significant jump in display quality and performance from the iPhone 6s/6s Plus.

After all, with a big jump in display quality, I can imagine customers who look at older generation iPhones and new ones side-by-side may be quite tempted to upgrade if the difference in image quality is large enough.

As far as the display goes, I think we will see a number of improvements. First of all, according to DisplayMate, the iPhone 6/6 Plus displays offer "true" contrast ratios of 1592-to-1 and 1451-to-1, respectively (higher is better). The new iPad Pro, per Display Mate, actually offers a "true" contrast ratio of around 1631-to-1.

Apple's iPhones tend to have higher quality displays than their iPad contemporaries, so I expect with the next generation iPhones, Apple will find a way to substantially boost the contrast ratios of both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus display. There are already smartphones with LCDs boasting 1800-to-1 contrast ratios, so I wouldn't expect any less from a next generation iPhone, especially if Apple plans to use the same display for two generations of iPhone.

I could also see Apple looking to bring both the anti-reflective display coating from its latest iPads as well as the technology it developed for the latest 4K/5K iMacs to deliver a wider color gamut in the coming iPhone.

Finally, I think Apple might be set to deliver boosts in display resolution for both the iPhone 7 and the iPhone 7 Plus. My guess is that the 4.7-inch model could see a resolution increase to 1920-by-1080 (~469 pixels per inch) while the iPhone 7 Plus could see a jump to a display resolution of 2560-by-1440 (~534 pixels per inch).

Another major jump in camera quality

Another area that seems quite important to smartphone buyers is the camera, particularly as smartphones have effectively become the camera most people use. With the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, Apple made a fairly large leap by introducing a new, 12-megapixel sensor and enabling support for 4K video recording.

With the iPhone 7/7 Plus, Apple is going to need to make a similarly large leap in camera quality, performance, and features without a headline-grabbing move to a higher-resolution sensor.

According to a report published by Business Insider ahead of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus launch, the iPhone 7/7 Plus should feature six element lenses rather than the current five element lenses found in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, helping to improve image quality.

Indeed, that same report, quoting a camera expert, claims that in order for Apple to be able to increase the aperture of its iPhone camera (doing so allows more light to be let in, improving image quality) additional elements need to be added to the lens.

This all points to a camera that will feature a larger aperture and take better quality photos, particularly in low-light conditions.

Additionally, I expect Apple to make improvements to the image signal processor found inside of its A10 chip relative to the one found in the A9, allowing for further image quality enhancements.

An even sleeker, prettier industrial design

Although it may seem like a trivial point, I firmly believe people genuinely enjoy having well-crafted, "beautiful" things. Apple puts a lot of work into coming up with interesting and unique industrial designs and there's a reason that other companies will (shamelessly) copy key design elements of Apple's products when developing their own.

With the iPhone 7, I suspect Apple will deliver a phone that's sleeker and, frankly, even better looking than the iPhone 6/6s family of phones (which I think look great, but others seem to disagree). The nicer the industrial design of Apple's next-generation phones, the better they will sell, in my view. Analyst: Apple Inc. Stock Has Huge Upside It's no secret that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock looks underpriced. But Goldman Sachs believes the company is drastically undervalued, awarding its shares a $163 12-month price target and adding the security to the bank's "conviction buy" list. Trading at close to $117 at the time of this writing, shares are currently at about a 39% discount to this price target. Could Apple stock really be this undervalued? Based on a prediction that the tech innovator will increasingly resemble a service company, Goldman Sachs thinks so.

Apple as a service company

The catalyst for the increased valuation, according to Goldman analyst Simona Jankowski, will be an evolution in the way the market thinks of the tech giant as the company transitions to one that is more service oriented.

"We expect that over the next year, the focus will shift from unit growth (which is slowing given a maturing smartphone market) to installed base monetization and recurring revenues ('Apple-as-a-Service')," said Jankowski in a recent note to clients (via Bloomberg). "Apple's model has already tilted that way with its new iPhone 6s installment plans, and we see the upcoming TV service as a powerful next step."

For decades, investors have put Apple stock in the hardware segment. This is sensible, as the company makes the majority of its net income from hardware sales. And given how concentrated Apple's portfolio of products is, which makes predicting the success of its future product launches very difficult, the stock often trades at a significant discount to its earnings compared to other tech peers with more predictable service- and subscription-sourced net income. Alphabet and Microsoft, for instance, have price-to-earnings multiples of 31 and 36, respectively, compared to Apple's P/E of 13.

But Jankowski makes some good points about Apple's transformation into a service company and argues that this shifting model could impact the stock's valuation. Even if investors ignore her speculation about an "upcoming TV service," there are other reasons to believe the tech giant's earnings could more closely resemble growing annuities, going forward:

1. Customer investment translates to greater loyalty. Many Apple customers are so invested in a wide range of Apple products that it's almost inevitable they will make significant product purchases every few years.

2. Installment plans preview Apple's vision. With its introduction of an installment plan for its iPhones, the company's showing how it can convert hardware loyalty into long-term commitments and annuities. These installment plans could spread to other products, as Jankowski notes.

Theoretically, Apple could transition other products to installment plans as well, and charge customers a monthly bill that also includes its other services such as Apple TV and Music.

3. More Apple services reduce hardware risk. Apple is increasingly focused on growing its nonhardware businesses, including the App Store, iTunes, Apple Pay, and Apple Music.

To drive home the potential for Apple's business if the company evolves into a service, Jankowski notes that an estimated average revenue per U.S. Apple iPhone customer could soar from around $42 today to as high as $153. Adding in an estimated $50 in revenue per user in the rest of the world, Jankowski concludes that Apple's revenue could soar from $233 billion in fiscal 2015 to as much as $553 billion for fiscal 2017 -- a mind-boggling jump for a company so big.

Goldman Sachs' move to emphasize Apple's growing services is worth mulling over. Of course, investors would be wise to refrain from giving much weight to Goldman Sachs' 12-month price target (or any 12-month price target, for that matter) since it's difficult to predict where any stock may go in such a short time frame. But Apple's conservative P/E ratio is definitely a bit baffling in light of the company's customer loyalty and annuity potential. Apple: iPad Pro Is A Bust In an article last year, I advised Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) to create a touchscreen laptop. Touchscreen laptops are popular with Windows users. Some can detach from the keyboard to be used as a tablet. Personally, I have witnessed the usability enhancements with my Asus (OTC:ASUUY) touchscreen laptop. New laptop iterations have been trending in this direction with the Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Surface Pro and Surface Book leading the charge. As much as Microsoft has been lampooned for its smartphone strategy, it has gotten this market correct after it originally failed with the Surface RT. Consumers want productivity if they are going to spend close to $1,000 on a PC/tablet.

Apple has decided to ignore my method of thinking with the release of its iPad Pro, which is just a bigger iPad Air. Most reviewers have been confused about what the point of the device is and who the target demographic is. There are a few explanations for why this has happened. The first is there is a shortage of pencils and keyboards. Having to wait 4-5 weeks for accessories meant to make the iPad Pro different from the iPad Air is problematic. The company should have delayed the release of the product until the accessories were in full supply. Most consumers will decide whether to buy the iPad Pro by watching YouTube videos and reading articles about the product. Having tech reviewers mention an easily avoidable negative about the device could depress a potential customer's excitement about purchasing one.

Another reason for the confusion was Tim Cook's statement that the iPad Pro could replace your PC. This is not true for a lot of users. The device runs iOS, so it can't run some desktop-level programs such as Adobe Photoshop. It doesn't even support a mouse as the keyboard doesn't have a trackpad. The reviews echo this sentiment as Mobile Tech Review questioned the point of comparing it to the Surface Pro 4 because it doesn't run desktop-level software. Because of the lack of productivity capabilities, the device leaves users wondering who it is trying to sell to besides artists who will take advantage of the pencil. At this point, MacBooks or the Surface provides much more value at a similar price point.

Obviously, it isn't great that Apple won't be able to stem the tide of declining iPad sales with the iPad Pro, but this blunder sets a bad precedent for Apple, which thrives off a stellar brand image. When Tim Cook says, "I think if you're looking at a PC, why would you buy a PC anymore? No really, why would you buy one?", it really calls into question his opinion on future product decisions because using the iPad Pro as a PC replacement isn't viable unless you just browse the Web and do word processing on your device (in this case, an iPad Air would work as your main PC as well).

This leads me to imagine Apple releasing a TV service next year where Tim Cook says he doesn't see why a user would ever subscribe to Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) again even though the service lacks key programming. Apple investors own the stock for the firm's future innovations, which haven't been released yet. If it can't create a proper touchscreen laptop, then how will it create a great bundle of TV programs at a reasonable price when it has no experience doing so?

Tim Cook recently described the Microsoft Surface Book by saying, "It's a product that tries too hard to do too much. It's trying to be a tablet and a notebook and it really succeeds at being neither. It's sort of diluted." This differs from what the reviewers have stated, as CNET gives it a 4 out of 5 and TechRadar Pro gives it a 4.5 out of 5 saying, "While the Surface Book brings many technological innovations to the laptop space, its greatest strength is that it's just an all-around terrific device."

This means Tim Cook will not be changing his decision making on the positioning of the iPad Pro anytime soon. The problem is Apple needs to merge its iOS software with OS X to solve this and properly compete with the Surface. This would be a huge undertaking, which explains why Tim Cook hasn't decided to do it. Expecting consumers to buy an iPad and a MacBook is not reasonable if 2-in-1 Windows laptops exist. Tim Cook can bash the Surface Book all he wants, but currently the iPad Pro is an overpowered tablet that doesn't provide any additional features for the added price and doesn't take advantage of the additional screen real estate.

Apple knows that creative destruction is the best way to increase sales, as it was able to destroy BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY) with its touchscreen iPhones. It should recognize this problem and amend its product line. The only other option is to create an in-between software option like the Surface RT. As you know, this strategy didn't work out for Microsoft, which leads me to be against this option. Consumers need to intuitively understand what they are purchasing. I remember being in an app development class run by Microsoft. I asked the Microsoft employee running the class what the RT software was and she couldn't explain it. Likewise, Apple probably wouldn't be able to explain OS X RT.

The other option would be to continue down its current path and make no changes. In this case, AAPL would never have touchscreen laptops. This strategy sounds like how BlackBerry went against touchscreen phones. Apple really needs to work on the iPad Pro to improve its software to compete with the desktop-level quality of the Surface Book and Surface Pro. While I understand new products like the Apple Watch not having a plethora of third-party applications at the launch, the iPad Pro isn't in a new category of devices. It is not a tablet. It is a laptop "wannabe." Apple has more experience making laptops than Microsoft does, but it still hasn't created a product that competes well with either the Surface Pro or the Surface Book.

Conclusion

Apple's failed iPad Pro launch signifies a need to merge iOS and Mac OS X to create a product that runs the necessary applications to be a laptop replacement. Tim Cook's tone sounds like he is going to need to see a huge decline in sales to change his perspective. At this point, Windows PCs will have already taken a lead ahead of the MacBook and the iPad Pro. This signifies a loss of touch when it comes to product launches, which might be a harbinger of a poor TV bundle next year.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Could Jump 43% Ian Wyatt: There is much to love about Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock.

Consider the big news from the world s most valuable company this year.

The new iPhone 6s is a huge success

The Apple Watch grabbed a 58% market share for smartwatches

Electric car in development   coming out in 2019

I could fill an entire article discussing Apple s accomplishments in the last year.

Yet Apple stock has been a big disappointment. Over the last 12 months, shares have closely tracked the S&P 500 index and moved sideways.

Apple Stock Unchanged for One Year

Source: Yahoo Finance

That performance hardly matches Apple s financial performance.

Apple closed out fiscal 2015 at the end of September. For the full year, the company s revenues jumped 28% to a staggering $234 billion. Even more impressive was that earnings per share surged 43%.

Those results are impressive for any company. In fact, you re far more likely to see growth numbers like this with a smaller company like wearable camera maker GoPro (NASDAQ: GPRO).

What s unusual is the size of Apple, combined with the rapid growth.

For example, GoPro is valued at $2.7 billion. This year it s expected to grow its sales by 22% to $1.7 billion. That growth is impressive. But as a small company, it s easier for GoPro to put up solid sales growth numbers.

Meanwhile, Apple is a far more mature business. On a sales basis, the company is 137 times larger than GoPro. Yet its sales growth this year was far greater.

I ve been encouraging my subscribers to get into Apple stock this year. The company continues to be a growth story, and the stock is dirt cheap. Here s what I wrote on Oct. 28:

Apple stock remains extremely attractive at less than $120 per share. The company is likely to beat the low growth estimates for 2016, and that will be a positive catalyst for the stock. The fact that Wall Street is skeptical of Apple s long-term prospects offers a big buying opportunity today. The fact that Apple is big   and well known   shouldn t deter investors from buying or owning Apple stock. I continue to believe that we ll see Apple shares rise above $200 per share by the end of 2017. Eventually, Apple shares will trade in line with other companies in the S&P 500. When they do, expect a big jump in the stock price.

My target price for Apple was $156   and remains unchanged. That s a full 33% premium to the recent share price.

On Tuesday, Goldman Sachs (NYSE: GS) released a glowing recommendation of Apple stock.

The investment bank added the stock to its exclusive  conviction buy list,  which includes the firm s very best ideas. And the new share price target? $163.

That s a full 43% above the recent stock price of $117.

At Wyatt Investment Research, we don t have a  conviction buy list.  If we did, Apple would be at the top of that list.

My recommendation is simple. If you own Apple stock, remain patient. If you re currently watching the stock, now is a great time to buy shares.

Over the years, Apple has become extremely shareholder friendly. With a growing dividend and big stock buyback, CEO Tim Cook is putting cash in the pockets of Apple shareholders.

Full Disclosure: I currently own Apple stock in my personal investment account and in the Million Dollar Portfolio.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Ian Wyatt from Wyatt Investment Research. Apple Is Building A Virtual Reality Supply Chain With Disruptive Potential ... Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has seen a 6.46 percent increase in its share price year-to-date, although the shares are currently trading materially below their 52-week high.

(NASDAQ: AAPL) has seen a 6.46 percent increase in its share price year-to-date, although the shares are currently trading materially below their 52-week high. Credit Agricole s Skye Chen mentioned that the company s Force Touch technology might have been underestimated, given that it is likely to become a  transitional technology in future virtual reality applications.

According to the Credit Agricole report,  Haptic technology s various vibration modes can simulate haptic sensations on human skin, which are felt through different frequencies. 

Analyst Skye Chen believes that all iDevices would be Force Touch-ready by 2017, while demand for related components would grow at a CAGR of 56 percent during 2015-2017. The technology is also expected to be adopted for the MacBook keyboard by 2017.

Related Link: The Note Making Waves Today: Goldman Adds Apple To 'Conviction Buy' List

 Apple has spent a significant amount of time and monetary resources developing Force Touch technology and is readying its supply chain for VR technology,  Chen stated.

Chen also mentioned that the technology had evolved to enable human-machine interface, such that a virtual reality experience can be created. Although VR is currently being used for gaming, Chen expects Force Touch to enable users in the future to feel objects that appear on their smartphone.

 Apple is in the leading position for VR products in devices,  the report said, while adding,  In the next two to three years, users will be able to experience VR through their iDevices. By that time, Apple will have built up a comprehensive supply chain. 

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Credit Agricole Skye Chen virtual realityAnalyst Color Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc. (AAPL): This Will Keep The Stock Price Rising For Years To Come David Zeiler: No statistic better illustrates how the iPhone keeps driving Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock higher than its ability to suck up nearly all the global smartphone profit.

According to data from Canaccord Genuity, Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL) has gobbled up 92% of all the profits of all the smartphones sales in the world so far in 2015.

The first iPhone went on sale in June 2007. Since then, AAPL stock is up 556%   mostly due to the iPhone s profitability. These days, the iPhone accounts for about two-thirds of Apple s profits.

The only other smartphone manufacturer making money right now is rival Samsung Electronics (OTCMKTS: SSNLF), which has snagged 14% of 2015 s smartphone profits.

If you re wondering why that adds up to 106%, it s because most of the rest of the smartphone makers have lost money in 2015.

What makes Apple s achievement all the more remarkable is that it s taking all those profits without dominating sales.

Looking at the smartphone market share pie, you d never suspect that AAPL is eating up most of the profits.

Fat Margins Keep Apple Stock Healthy and Rising

According to the latest numbers from research firm IDC, Samsung led Q3 in sales with a market share of 23.8%. The iPhone was second, with a mere 13.5%. Phones running the Android operating system account for more than 80% of all smartphones sold.

Apple s ability to take most of the profits is a relatively recent development. Back in 2010, the iPhone was taking just over 40% of all smartphone profits.

What happened was only partly due to rising iPhone sales, however. The many Android handset makers, without much to differentiate their products, have been reduced to competing on price. The race to bottom has left them with flat or negative margins.

The iPhone, on the other hand, is a premium product. And it s the only way to gain access to Apple s best-in-class ecosystem of software and services. Apple doesn t need to compete on price or cut into its margins.

So the iPhone gets more profitable every year, adding billions to AAPL s bottom line and pushing Apple stock relentlessly higher.

It s one reason why several of Money Morning s experts see the AAPL stock price reaching $200 in the next couple of years.

Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald put a $200 price target on Apple stock back in April. He said AAPL stock would get there in two years.

In May, Money Morning Defense & Tech Specialist Michael A. Robinson predicted Apple would become a $1 trillion company by Labor Day 2018, less than three years from now. That would put the Apple stock price at $175.44.

And in August, Money Morning Options Trading Expert Tom Gentile did an analysis that showed Apple stock would hit $200 in just 12 months.

Written By David Zeiler From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet. And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. 
2015-02-23
Apple Inc finally admits there's a big graphics problem with old MacBook Pros After successfully battling a class-action lawsuit last year, Apple is finally acknowledging a long-running issue with MacBook Pros  graphics hardware and has begun offering free repairs, MacRumors reports.

The lawsuit was brought against Apple in late 2014 by customers who said the MacBook Pros they purchased in 2011 had severely defective graphics cards and that Apple should be forced to pay for the repair.

It clearly was not an isolated problem, as a Change.org petition calling on Apple to issue replacements for affected models has been signed almost 40,000 times.

Related

Apple successfully had the lawsuit dismissed in January, with the judge ruling that the  plaintiffs have failed to allege that Apple s logic boards were unfit for their ordinary purposes or lacked a minimal level of quality. 

But Apple seems to have had a change of heart. The company announced Thursday that it would repair affected products free of charge. There is no indication of how many MacBook Pros have been affected by the issue over the past four years; Apple says only that a  small percentage   may exhibit distorted video, no video, or unexpected system restarts. 

The program began Friday in the U.S. and Canada and will begin February 27 elsewhere in the world. It will run until February 27, 2016. Customers who have experienced the issue can take their devices into Apple Stores (and authorised retailers) or call up and order a postage-paid box to send it in.

The affected models are:

MacBook Pro (15-inch Early 2011)

MacBook Pro (15-inch, Late 2011)

MacBook Pro (Retina, 15-inch, Mid 2012)

MacBook Pro (17-inch Early 2011)

MacBook Pro (17-inch Late 2011)

MacBook Pro (Retina, 15 inch, Early 2013)

NOW WATCH: Teardown Of The iPad Air 2 Reveals How Much Apple Spends On Parts Apple Inc. Looks To Expand iTunes Through New Job Posting All signs point to a much broader iTunes when it re-launches this year

Apple is seeking an  Editorial Producer  for its London iTunes team, suggesting that it s increasing its focus on the music industry. This certainly comes as no surprise, given the company s acquisition of Dr. Dre s Beats Electronics last year.

Apple focuses on iTunes

Start Dredge of Music Ally spotted the job posting, which calls for someone with experience in music journalism. The listing states that it is a full-time position that involves both editorial and producing responsibilities.

Under the editorial part of the job, the person will be doing writing and editing and managing freelance writers while  working collaboratively with business and content heads to shape and define editorially driven merchandising promotions.  The job posting also calls for someone with  deep contacts in the freelance world with writers who can cover the spectrum of pop culture. 

Apple set to re-launch iTunes

iTunes as we know it now doesn t exactly have much of a place for journalism, but clearly that will change when Apple re-launches the service, which is expected to be sometime this year. Journalism is indeed a natural addition to iTunes, as it already has reviews of albums. Perhaps Apple is thinking of adding reviews from professional writers in addition to or instead of reviews from listeners.

Part of the re-launch of iTunes is to integrate the Beats music streaming service. With the addition of a music editorial team, Apple will be making it more like rival Spotify, which includes interviews and other content for Spotify Landmark.

As Dredge notes, the music journalism industry is struggling as print magazines are on the decline. Naturally people are going online to read about their music, and streaming services like Spotify and Beats are the perfect source for articles on these topics.

Popular DJ joins Apple

Zane Lowe, a popular DJ who was on BBC Radio 1, said earlier this month that he was leaving the station to take a position with Apple, moving from London to Los Angeles. He did not reveal what he will be doing at Apple, but with the expected addition of a music streaming service, it s possible that he will continue being a DJ for Apple.

The addition of Lowe and an editorial team isn t the only sign of the direction in which Apple is taking iTunes. Last month the company acquired music analytics service Musicmetrics. Martin Scorsese Featured In Apple's Latest iPad Commercial Eight-time Academy Award nominee Martin Scorsese is the latest famous voice to show up in an Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) commercial.

Scorsese gave the commencement speech to the NYU Tisch School of the Arts in 2014, and sound bites were featured throughout the commercial, which touts the iPad as a film-making device.

"Every day is re-dedication," the voiceover says. "Every scene is a lesson. Every shot is a school. Let the learning continue. 

The very first iPad commercial ran during the Oscar ceremony in 2010.

Interestingly, Scorsese is noted for his love of physical film while shooting movies, and has resisted shooting movies digitally. The 2010 animated feature "Hugo" was his first movie shot digitally.

"It's a very bittersweet thing to be watching films with him now that are on film. We're cherishing every moment of it," Thelma Schoonmaker, Scorsese's long-time editor, told Empire in 2012. "The number of prints that are now being made for release has just gone down, and it would appear that the theatres have converted so quickly to digital."

Posted-In: iPad Martin Scorsese OscarsTech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. iOS 9: Apple Inc. To Publicly Test The iPhone 7 OS This Summer [REPORT] The iOS 9 will focus more on stability and fixing bugs, rather than introducing new features

Apple s iOS 9 operating system won t be unveiled until the Worldwide Developer Conference (WWDC) in June. The new mobile OS is expected to be launched with the next-generation iPhone, likely to be called the iPhone 7, in September. However, a few lucky participants will get to test the iOS 9 beta this summer. Multiple sources familiar with the development told Mark Gurman of 9to5Mac that Apple was planning to publicly test the future iOS builds.

iOS 8.3 public testing to begin in mid-March

Sources said that the iOS 8.3 public testing will begin in March and iOS 9 in summer. The iOS 8.3 includes improvements to Siri, support for Wireless CarPlay system, and a new emoji keyboard. The Cupertino company has already started offering beta build of iOS 8.3, code named  Stowe , to developers. It will also have an easier login process for Google services. The following iOS 8.4 update is expected to include support for Apple s new music streaming service.

The iOS 9 will focus more on stability and fixing bugs rather than introducing new features. Public testing will help Apple ensure that there are no problems when the OS is released. The iOS 8 came with plenty of bugs that affected the iPhone s TouchID fingerprint scanner and disrupted cellular services. Apple was forced to send out a series of updates to fix the problems.

Only 100,000 users can participate in iOS 9 public testing

Sources told Gurman that Apple will open the iOS public beta builds only to the first 100,000 users who sign up for the AppleSeed program to maintain  exclusivity.  The tech giant last year came up with a similar public testing program for the OS X Yosemite with one million users. Apple has traditionally offered beta builds only to developers.

Users who manage to sign up for the new iOS public testing program will get a dedicated bug-reporting app, pretty similar to what the OS X public beta users and developers were given last year. Separately, reports suggest that the iOS 9 has already entered public testing, albeit on a small scale. Google Analytics data for many websites including Apple Insider and MacWorld show multiple visits to their websites from iOS 9 devices. 
2015-10-28
3 Things You Missed From Apple, Inc. Earnings -- 1 of Which Matters More Than ... On Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) earnings call earlier this week, CFO Luca Maestri made a few interesting announcements that were little more than footnotes to his prepared remarks. Maestri noted three minor accounting changes that were about to take place:

For iPhones sold through Apple's upgrade program, revenue will be reduced up front by the cost associated with the program.

Based on a market analysis, Apple is reducing the estimated selling price of future software upgrades that are deferred for each iOS device and Mac.

The deferred revenue period for iPads is being elongated from two years to three years.

Let's consider the importance of these changes to investors.

One of these is not like the others

The first is pretty negligible. Apple has acknowledged that its iPhone Upgrade Program, while popular at its U.S. retail stores right now, is a tiny portion of worldwide sales. The majority of iPhones are either sold internationally where the program is not available or domestically by carriers offering their own set of installment or leasing upgrade programs. The third is also fairly minor, since stretching out the iPad deferral by another year doesn't have as much of an impact since the iPad is just 10% of TTM revenue.

The second one is the important one here. Apple has long deferred a portion of a product's sales price, since the company offers free software updates and non-software services for many years following the initial purchase. For accounting purposes, Apple must assign a value to these updates and services and then recognize that value ratably over time.

The amount of deferred revenue sitting on the balance sheet has steadily risen over time as Apple's unit sales have increased, and it continues to give away more and more free software over time.

The reduction per unit will be between $5 and $10. The net effect of this reduction is that a greater portion of the sales price will be recognized as revenue up front, with a smaller amount being deferred over time. As such, this translates into a boost for both revenue and gross margin. Since there is no additional cost here, gross margin will also benefit.

Perhaps more interesting is that this move is a reversal of a similar change made exactly two years ago. Back then, Apple increased the deferral amount by about $5 for iOS devices and $20 for Macs. This brought the total deferral amount to $15 to $25 per iOS unit (recognized over two years) and $20 to $40 for Macs (recognized over four years). This change affected the guidance that Apple provided at the time for the following quarter, expecting a $900 million sequential increase in deferred revenue. I estimated the gross margin impact at 98 basis points.

Is this because of Microsoft?

Apple cited "an analysis for marketing offerings" as the reason for the change. It just so happens that Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) has been reducing its prices for Windows 10, and is now offering its latest and greatest operating system as a free upgrade to eligible consumers.

Technically, Windows 10 is only free under a promotion for the first year, but obviously Apple is open to changing the deferral amount based on market conditions. Windows remains the dominant desktop operating system, so Microsoft's change would undoubtedly affect the market for operating systems.

Android has always been free, and since Microsoft is now the primary vendor of Windows Phones, it's difficult to allocate a value to Windows 10 Mobile as well.

In any event, the reduction of the deferral amount will give revenue and margins a small boost going forward. Investors worried about the impact last time around, but the benefit is being overlooked this time around. Apple Inc. Jumps as Markets go on a Fed-Fueled Roller Coaster Ride Stocks had a volatile day today but mustered a strong rally into the close. The S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) and Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) both ended at session highs, rising by more than 1%.

But it wasn't a steady climb throughout the day. Stocks sunk into the red immediately after the Federal Reserve issued its policy statement at 2 pm EDT. That announcement kept interest rates near zero, but hinted that the first rate hike in nine years could come in December.

The central bank said officials are assessing a "wide range of information" on employment, inflation, and international developments as they consider whether to raise rates at the Fed's next meeting, scheduled to end on Dec. 16 .

Meanwhile, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Akamai Technologies (NASDAQ:AKAM) both made major moves today in the wake of their third-quarter earnings reports.

Apple aims for holiday dominance

Apple's stock rose 4% to become the Dow's biggest percentage gainer today. Investors liked what they saw from the consumer electronics giant's fiscal fourth quarter results that were released after the closing bell last night. And for good reason.

Apple sold 22% more iPhones this quarter and collected 36% higher revenue on those sales, leading to an industry-crushing average selling price of $670   compared to $603 in the year ago period. That ASP improvement came despite major foreign currency pressures that lopped eight percentage points off of reported sales growth.

Apple revealed several other encouraging data points on its business, including huge revenue gains in China (+99%), continued market share improvement for the Mac (+14%), and massive cash returns to shareholders ($13 billion of stock buybacks).

Looking ahead, CEO Tim Cook and his executive team sounded optimistic about the holiday quarter, which could be among the best three-month performances of any business in history. Apple guided for revenue of $76.5 billion and gross margin as high as 40%.

High expectations for the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are the foundation for that bullishness. Cook said in a conference call that the 6s models should significantly outperform their predecessors this year thanks to several tailwinds. Those include a fast-growing China market, a surge of people switching from Android devices, and a large current customer base that's itching to upgrade from their older iPhone models. "We feel like we have a very open field in front of us," Cook said in last night's conference call .

Akamai battles the do-it-yourself crowd

Content delivery network operator Akamai Technologies plunged 17% after posting its third-quarter results, but there wasn't anything surprising about the headline figures. In fact, Akamai met Wall Street's 11% sales growth target while beating profit expectations. However, the company issued a weak outlook for the fourth quarter.

In a conference call with investors, executives said that revenue should tick higher by just 8% in the fourth quarter   or half the company's recent growth pace. That figure was significantly below analysts' expectations. Akamai cited several reasons for the expected drop off, but the biggest one was a decline in traffic growth for some of its largest media accounts.

And to make matters worse, these customers, and others, are working on their own content delivery solutions that aim to take Akamai out of the picture in some cases. Management warned that they see the traffic growth issue continuing on into 2016, but they believe the "do-it-yourself" strategies won't kill Akamai's long-term potential for data delivery.

"We remain bullish on the medium to long-term growth prospects for the potential for an increase in the amount of video traffic that could move online. [Media] traffic is much more difficult to serve at quality and scale and therefore not subject to the same do-it-yourself activity you see for less performance sensitive areas like software downloads," Chief Financial Officer James Benson said. But investors apparently weren't reassured by that statement, and today's sell off reflects worries that Akamai could struggle with slower traffic growth for some time. 1 More Reason Intel Corp. Won't Be Building Apple Inc.'s A-Chip Anytime Soon In a recent article, I argued that Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) chances of winning a contract to manufacture Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) leading-edge A-series processors are essentially nonexistent. That particular argument hinged on the fact that Intel CEO Brian Krzanich had told investors that foundry-related revenue wouldn't move the needle over the next few years.

Although I think that argument is quite solid, there's one that's even more compelling. Allow me to explain.

The difference between a CPU process and a system-on-chip process

For any chip manufacturing generation, Intel typically releases two "flavors" of process. The first flavor of a given process is the one targeted at high-performance CPU products and is used to build the vast majority of the company's microprocessors.

The process flavor that follows is the company's system-on-chip process. This has been described by Intel executives and technologists as a "superset" of the high-performance CPU process. That is, a chip that can be built in the CPU-only process flavor can be built in the system-on-chip version of the process.

However, true system-on-chip designs typically require features that the CPU-only process flavor doesn't have. For example, the system-on-chip processes offer a wider variety of transistor performance options as well as greater flexibility to optimize the interconnect stack for different priorities (i.e., density, cost, or performance), as well as high-voltage transistors for I/O.

At any rate, what you need to know is that Intel would need to use a system-on-chip process to build something like an Apple A-series processor.

When will Intel go into production on its 10-nanometer system-on-chip process?

Intel has said that the first products based on its 10-nanometer manufacturing process will hit the market during the second half of 2017. Technically, if Intel is really aggressive about getting its 10-nanometer technology into production, it could hypothetically start producing 10-nanometer A-series processors in February/March 2017 in support of an iPhone 7s launch in the second half of 2017.

However, it's worth pointing out that there is usually a multiquarter lag between when Intel first begins producing products on its CPU-only process and its system-on-chip process. This delta has shrunken in recent years, but the gap was around two quarters at the 14-nanometer node.

If we assume a similar gap at the 10-nanometer node, and if we are very generous in assuming that Intel begins production of its first 10-nanometer CPUs in January 2017, then this would still put the start of production on the 10-nanometer system-on-chip process in July 2017.

That's far too late to intercept the iPhone 7s, which will almost certainly contain a processor manufactured in a foundry 10-nanometer technology.

10-nanometer should be ready for the iPhone 8, but will Apple want it?

The iPhone that would naturally follow the iPhone 7s would be the iPhone 8, which should launch in September 2018. Intel's 10-nanometer system-on-chip technology should be good to go for a chip launch in 2018, but at that point I would argue that Apple will have a better process option available from TSMC (NYSE:TSM).

Indeed, TSMC has said that it will go into "risk production" on its 7-nanometer technology in the first quarter of 2017. This implies volume production should begin in early 2018, allowing Apple to get a 7-nanometer chip inside of the iPhone 8.

Now, one could argue that the naming of these manufacturing technologies is misleading and that not all technologies with the same labels are created equal; this is a valid point. However, I believe that, for mobile chip designs, TSMC's 7-nanometer should be a better choice than Intel's 10-nanometer.

In a nutshell, it comes down to the fact that TSMC's 7-nanometer process should offer better chip density than what Intel's 10-nanometer process will deliver.

Proving that density claim

A rough metric that is widely used to get a sense of the relative maximum theoretical chip densities of a given process is minimum metal pitch multiplied by gate pitch. In the table below, based on public statements from TSMC and Intel, I have provided data on what Intel and TSMC have in production at 14/16nm and what the 10nm and 7nm processes from both companies should offer:

Intel TSMC 14/16nm 3640 5760 10nm* 1842 2995 7nm* 932 1647

The Intel 10nm and 7nm estimates come from applying a 0.506 shrink factor. Intel has publicly said that it intends to apply similar shrink factors in future processes, so that is where those estimates come from.

TSMC has publicly said that its 10nm process offers 0.52 times scaling over its 16-nanometer process, and it has also said that its 7-nanometer process delivers a 40-45% area scaling benefit over its 10-nanometer process. In the table above, I am giving TSMC the benefit of the doubt and assuming a scaling factor of 0.55x.

Intel should have a density lead "10nm to 10nm," but TSMC should move to what it dubs "7nm" before Intel does. At that point, TSMC should have the slightly denser process for mobile applications processors.

Given that TSMC should have a process that's a bit denser than Intel's, coupled with the fact that TSMC is quite experienced at high volume foundry work, it's hard to see -- barring some major materials innovation from Intel at 10nm that leads to a substantial performance boost from its 14-nanometer node -- why Apple would use Intel for a 2018 iPhone. Apple Inc.'s $206 Billion Cash Hoard Is a Problem (AAPL) Apple Inc. (AAPL) released its fiscal fourth-quarter financials Tuesday after the close, and yet again the results were spectacular.

The Cupertino, California-based Apple sold 48.05 million iPhones in the September quarter, helping the company generate $51.5 billion in revenue, above the $51.1 billion Wall Street expected.

Apple also netted $11.1 billion in profits, which broke down to earnings per share of $1.96, beating the consensus $1.88 EPS estimate.

While revenue guidance for the holiday quarter was a little weaker than expected   Apple projects revenue between $75.5 billion and $77.5 billion to a consensus $77 billion   Apple s stock is still trading higher, up 2% in afternoon trading.

However, the biggest issue Apple faces going forward isn t on the income statement. It s on the balance sheet.

How Do You Invest $206 Billion?

Having gobs of money isn t the worst problem you could have. But in Apple s case, it is somewhat troubling, because there s only so much they can do with that cash to increase shareholder value.

At the end of Q3, when the company had $203 billion in the bank, an estimated $181.1 billion of that was overseas, according to Citizens for Tax Justice.

Why does that matter?

Only because the company can t pay dividends or execute stock buybacks with that overseas cash. It can invest it abroad, begin campaigns in foreign markets, spend it on overseas manufacturing, etc. But it can t return it directly to shareholders.

That said, Apple has been returning money to shareholders. In the most recent quarter, Apple returned $17 billion to shareholders through buybacks and dividends, and has completed $143 billion of its $200 billion capital return program.

Because the U.S. has repatriation taxes in the 30%-plus neighborhood, Apple won t be bringing back any of that dough anytime soon. It sure could use it, to take on Tesla (TSLA) and Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) in the electric/autonomous vehicle market, for instance.

Or maybe Tim Cook and Co., if they had their druthers, would rather just buy Uber   which is in the early stages of making autonomous vehicles of its own   for $50 billion or so. (I would immediately sell my AAPL stock if that ever happened, because I think the Uber IPO will be insanely overvalued, but I m just spitballing here.)

Last but certainly not least, Apple could buy back massive amounts of stock and issue huge special dividends if its overseas cash were repatriated.

I strongly believe that it s in the best interest of Apple stock holders to have Apple repatriate their $180 billion-plus overseas tax hoard, but it would also be a boon to the greater U.S. economy. Investments in R&D, high-quality labor, construction of new campuses, etc   this would doubtlessly strengthen the U.S. job market and local economies.

While I don t frequently agree with activist investors   who typically are just out to make a quick buck by taking over a board seat or two, restructuring, paying themselves fat dividends and moving on   I agree with AAPL stock holder Carl Icahn on this issue.

Icahn thinks Apple could be worth $240 per share, more than double its current price, if it was allowed to repatriate its foreign earnings at a 5% to 10% tax rate.

Yes, it would be controversial. But with every quarter that Apple grows its cash hoard overseas, the raw number   $206 billion at the end of the fourth quarter   becomes less meaningful.

As of this writing, John Divine did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid or email him at editor@investorplace.com.

More From InvestorPlace Brean Capital Analysts Weigh In On Apple Inc. (AAPL) And Twitter Inc (TWTR ... Brean Capital analysts are weighing in with a few insights on the consumer electronics giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and micro-blogging giant Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR), after both companies released their earnings results yesterday evening.

Apple Inc.

Apple shares are up 2% after the company posted fiscal fourth-quarter earnings, leaving investors optimistic for this holiday quarter. Apple s revenues of $51.5 billion were better than analysts  estimates of $51.1 billion. Its EPS of $1.96 was also better than the $1.88 that analysts were expecting. This was the fifth consecutive quarter in which Apple beat analysts  estimates.

Brean Capital analyst Ananda Baruah commented,  We come off the call with increased conviction in our ongoing GM upside thesis, and believe that AAPL could generate $3.35 + in Dec Q EPS. We further wouldn t be surprised if AAPL delivered GM >41% for the Dec Q, while guiding 39%   40% (every 50bps of GM is ~$0.05 in EPS). We believe iPhone GM could be approaching 47%   48% That said, we believe the next true elongated stock  move  will be determined by what CY16 iPhone ships can look like, and the Street likely won t have a view on that until April when AAPL reports the Mar Q. 

 We continue to believe that Street numbers are materially low through  17. Fundamentally speaking, we believe AAPL stands to deliver material EPS upside from 1) favorable GM from both iPhones and iPhone mix (more 6 Plus  than realized), and 2) materially more Opex $ leverage through at least  16 as AAPL realizes the benefits from the recent investment cycles,  the analyst concluded.

Baruah reiterated a Buy rating on Apple shares, with a price target of $170, which implies an upside of 46% from current levels.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Ananda Baruah has a total average return of -4.0% and a 46.4% success rate. Baruah has a -5.6% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #3557 out of 3804 analysts.

Out of the 36 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 28 rate Apple stock a Buy, 7 rate the stock a Hold and one recommends a Sell. With a return potential of 26%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $147.12.



Twitter Inc

Twitter shares are down more than 7% after the company released weaker-than-expected financial guidance for the fourth-quarter, casting a spotlight on its struggle to boost its users.

In reaction, Brean Capital analyst Sarah Hindlian reiterated a Buy rating on TWTR, while reducing the price target to $42 (from $47), which represents a potential upside of 47% from where the stock is currently trading.

Hindlian wrote,  Once we back-out newly disclosed O&O revs. vs. 3rd party, we est. that Twitter s guidance is embedding virtually NO benefits from Q4 ad or TellApart seasonality, or from the ramping DoubleClick partnership. As a result of our analysis, we feel highly convicted that guidance was sandbagged as Mr. Dorsey clears the decks. Given the generally positive tone on the conference call (best we have heard mgmt. in several quarters), focus on Moments, Auto-Play Video, and DoubleClick ramp in Q4 15, we continue to believe that it is too soon to give up on the stock. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Sarah Hindlian has a total average return of 7.6% and a 81.8% success rate. Hindlian has a -10.7% average return when recommending TWTR, and is ranked #827 out of 3804 analysts.

Out of the 42 analysts polled by TipRanks, 20 rate Twitter Inc stock a Buy, 20 rate the stock a Hold and 2 recommend a Sell. With a return potential of 37%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $39.17. Apple, Google and eight other tech companies are sales and earnings winners Earnings season is halfway through for technology companies, and many of the big players have reported outsized gains.

In July, after Apple Inc. US:AAPL managed to boost fiscal third-quarter sales 33%, earnings by 38% and earnings per share by 45%, but the shares declined because some investors thought the company might not be able to continue doubling quarterly sales in China. I suggested that the pullback might set up a good opportunity to buy the shares, for which I was ridiculed, as you can see in the comments section here.

Apple said yesterday after the stock market closed that fiscal fourth-quarter sales in China soared staggering 99% to $12.5 billion out of total sales of $51.5 billion.

After a nasty 18% decline in Apple s stock price to $103.12 on Aug. 24 from $125.22 on July 22, I again said  the numbers don t lie,  and that Apple s stock remained a bargain after it had recovered to $110.15 on Sept. 9. That inspired 251 comments, many of which stuck with the theme that I was a complete idiot for being enthusiastic about a company with such amazing sales and earnings growth that was trading for only 12.3 times the consensus 2015 earnings estimate.

Read: Apple s cash machine makes the stock a bargain: analysts

Apple s shares had inched up to $114.55 at Tuesday s close, before the company announced that fiscal fourth-quarter sales rose 22%, net income and sales per share advanced 31%, and earnings per share surged 38%.

Not bad for a company that some people keep giving up for dead.

Apple s per-share earnings are growing faster than net income because buybacks are reducing the share count. There has been plenty of buyback bashing lately, and rightly so, especially for companies that aren t increasing sales and earnings. But for Apple, the buybacks provide icing on the cake for investors. The company s average diluted share count during the fiscal fourth quarter was down 4.9% from a year earlier.

Media coverage during earnings season typically features headlines saying if a company  beat  the profit expectations of analysts, but that s not the most important metric. After all, a company with declining earnings might still do better than analysts expect, and there is a tendency for companies to lower guidance   and analysts to reduce their earnings estimates   as earnings season approaches.

What s most important is growth of sales and earnings, as well as relative valuation, if you re considering a long-term investment.

Here are the 10 S&P 500 information-technology companies that have reported so far this earnings season with the fastest growth of sales per share:

Company Ticker Industry Sales per share - most recent quarter Sales per share - year earlier Growth of sales per share Lam Research Corp. US:LRCX Electronic production equipment $9.18 $6.50 41% Apple Inc. US:AAPL Telecom. equipment $9.06 $6.91 31% Juniper Networks Inc. US:JNPR Computer communications $3.21 $2.48 30% Adobe Systems Inc. US:ADBE Packaged software $2.39 $1.98 21% Alliance Data Systems Inc. US:ADS Data processing services $25.71 $22.02 17% Red Hat Inc. US:RHT Packaged software $2.70 $2.34 15% Total System Services Inc. US:TSS Data processing services $3.82 $3.32 15% Yahoo Inc. US:YHOO Internet software/ services $1.29 $1.14 14% Alphabet Inc. Class C (Google) US:GOOG Internet software/ services $26.90 $24.01 12% Akamai Technologies Inc. US:AKAM Internet software/ services $3.06 $2.75 11% Sources: FactSet, company filings

We looked at growth of sales per share, rather than revenue growth, because it reflects any dilution from the issuance of shares to fund stock-based compensation for employees or for acquisitions, while also baking in any reduction in the share count from buybacks. One quarter s EPS can be greatly affected by accounting changes, write-offs or other non-operating events.

Alphabet Inc. US:GOOG is the new name for Google US:GOOGL which the company adopted on Oct. 2 as part of its restructuring.

Here are year-over-year changes in the same companies  earnings per share:

Company Ticker EPS - most recent quarter EPS - year earlier Change in EPS Lam Research Corp. US:LRCX $1.66 $0.80 108% Apple Inc. US:AAPL $1.96 $1.42 38% Juniper Networks Inc. US:JNPR $0.51 $0.23 122% Adobe Systems Inc. US:ADBE $0.34 $0.09 278% Alliance Data Systems Inc. US:ADS $2.08 $2.74 -24% Red Hat Inc. US:RHT $0.28 $0.25 12% Total System Services Inc. US:TSS $0.65 $0.44 47% Yahoo Inc. US:YHOO $0.08 $6.70 -99% Alphabet Inc. Class C US:GOOG $5.73 $4.14 38% Akamai Technologies Inc. US:AKAM $0.49 $0.50 -2% Source: FactSet

Here s how the stocks have performed, with dividends reinvested:

Company Total return - 2015 Total return - 3 years Total return - 5 years Lam Research Corp. -4% 116% 64% Apple Inc. 5% 41% 179% Juniper Networks Inc. 43% 94% 0% Adobe Systems Inc. 21% 159% 213% Alliance Data Systems Inc. 3% 106% 386% Red Hat Inc. 13% 55% 83% Total System Services Inc. 53% 139% 258% Yahoo Inc. -32% 104% 109% Alphabet Inc. Class C 35% N/A N/A Akamai Technologies Inc. 20% 97% 50% S&P 500 2% 56% 94% S&P 500 information- technology sector 6% 66% 101% Source: FactSet

And here s a roundup of analysts  sentiment: 
2015-11-05
Should Intel Corp. Investors Fear the Apple Inc. A9X Chip? When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) unveiled its next generation iPad, known as the iPad Pro, it made some pretty bold claims about the performance of the A9X chip that powers it. According to the company, the A9X delivers 1.8 times the CPU performance and twice the graphics performance of the A8X found inside of last year's iPad Air 2.

Perhaps more interestingly, though, is that Apple claimed the A9X is faster than 80% of the portable PCs shipped over the last 12 months in CPU tasks and 90% of portable PCs in graphics performance.

If Apple's claims are to be believed -- and after seeing the performance of the A9 chip inside of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, there's no reason not to -- then Apple has built a processor that can go toe-to-toe with the low-power Core i-series processors of Intel (NASDAQ:INTC).

Should this worry Intel investors? Let's take a closer look.

Why would Intel investors worry in the first place?

There has been plenty of talk over the last several years of Apple potentially replacing Intel inside of some, if not all, of its future Macs. As the performance of Apple's processors has improved, this development has seemingly become increasingly plausible.

Although the loss of the Apple Mac business wouldn't be a crippling blow to Intel from a financial perspective, the loss of what is probably around $4 billion in annual revenue (assuming platform average selling prices of around $200) at around 60% gross profit margin (~$2.4 billion in annual gross profit) would hurt. A lot.

I believe that with the A9X, Apple will have a processor that offers enough performance to credibly power something like the 12-inch MacBook and even the MacBook Air. If Apple wanted to, I could see it investing in widening the dynamic range of its mobile processors to cover the performance requirements of something like a 13-inch MacBook Pro.

In terms of performance, if Apple isn't already there with the A9X, then I have no doubt that it could get there by the time it rolls out the 10-nanometer A11X chip in late 2017. In that case, I would expect Apple to start letting the developer community know of the impending architecture transition (which, to my knowledge, it has not).

Why, as an Intel investor, I'm not worried

The fact that Apple is fielding processors with the kind of performance levels that it is might actually seem unnerving to Intel shareholders. After all, isn't the reason that Apple uses Intel processors in the Mac is that they offer the best performance/power in the industry?

I would argue that, even if Apple were to reach performance parity with Intel processors, the fact that Apple would have to undergo a painful and costly software transition from x86 to the ARM (NASDAQ:ARMH) is probably an unattractive prospect.

The only reason I could see Apple going through the pain of a costly architecture transition is if the iDevice maker lost confidence in Intel's long-term product roadmap and felt that it could genuinely deliver a better product without Intel inside than with Intel inside.

It really comes down to whether you believe in Intel's execution

At the end of the day, I believe that whether Apple continues to stick with Intel or if it opts to use an in-house processor is ultimately in Intel's hands.

As long as Intel can continue to deliver leadership notebook-class processors year after year, I think Apple will continue to use its processors broadly across its Mac lineup. Apple opens subsidiary in Vietnam, tapping smartphone growth People look at products at an Apple Store at Joy City department store in Tianjin, China, October 29, 2015. REUTERS/Paul Carsten

HANOI Apple Inc has opened a subsidiary company in Vietnam, allowing the maker of iPhones to import and distribute cellphones directly in one of the fastest growing smartphone markets in the Asia-Pacific.

Apple Vietnam Limited Liability was established on Oct. 28 with a registered capital of 15 billion dong ($672,194), according to a news announcement recorded on Vietnam's national business registry website seen by Reuters on Thursday. (dichvuthongtin.dkkd.gov.vn)

The Ho Chi Minh City-based firm will conduct wholesale businesses of various products including its signature smartphones, provide information technology and maintenance services as well as advising services, the announcement said.

The number of mobile phone subscribers in Vietnam grew 26 percent from 2009 to 2013 to 124 million, while the number of internet users surpassed a third of the country's 90-million population two years ago, latest official data from the information ministry showed.

Communist Vietnam was Apple Inc's hottest market after sales there tripled in its fiscal first half of last year, a growth rate five times faster than in India.

Rival Samsung has invested billions of dollars to build smartphone and electronic products plants in the Southeast Asian nation.

(Reporting by Mai Nguyen; Editing by Mark Potter) 
2015-01-09
Apple wins dismissal of lawsuit over MacBook logic boards The Apple Inc corporate logo is pictured on the rear side of the company's Macbook Air notebook computer in Virginia, August 10, 2011. REUTERS/Jason Reed/Files

Apple Inc won the dismissal on Thursday of a lawsuit accusing it of defrauding consumers by selling MacBook laptop computers that contained "logic boards" it knew were defective, and which routinely failed within two years.

U.S. District Judge William Alsup in San Francisco said the plaintiffs, Uriel Marcus and Benedict Verceles, failed to show that Apple made "affirmative misrepresentations," despite citing online complaints and Apple marketing statements calling the laptops "state of the art" or the "most advanced" on the market.

"Plaintiffs have failed to allege that Apple's logic boards were unfit for their ordinary purposes or lacked a minimal level of quality," Alsup wrote. "Both plaintiffs were able to adequately use their computers for approximately 18 months and two years, respectively."

Alsup gave the plaintiffs until Jan. 22 to amend their lawsuit, which sought class-action status, against the Cupertino, California-based company.

Omar Rosales, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Apple did not immediately respond to a similar request.

The plaintiffs claimed that Apple's sale of MacBooks since May 20, 2010, violated consumer protection laws in California and Texas, where the lawsuit began last May before being moved.

They also contended that Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook was told about the defective logic boards in 2011, but did nothing.

Logic boards contain computer circuitry and are sometimes known as motherboards.

A separate and still pending lawsuit in California accuses Apple of defrauding consumers by selling MacBook Pro laptops in 2011 that contained defective graphic cards, causing screen distortions and system failures.

MacBooks are part of Apple's Mac line of desktop and laptop computers. The company reported unit sales in that business of 18.91 million in its latest fiscal year.

The case is Marcus et al v. Apple Inc, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, No. 14-03824.

(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York. Editing by Andre Grenon) How Apple Could Have Bought Netflix, Tesla And Twitter (And Still Spent More ... The graphs below were produced by Capital Market Labs.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has engaged in an enormous stock buyback program, which has now been approved for up to $90 billion, per a company press release on April 23, 2014.

A snippet of that press release is included below:

The scale of the buybacks is unheard of.

But then again, the size of Apple is also unheard of, nearing $700 billion in market cap.

If one takes the $90 billion in stock repurchases and re-arranges it, Apple could have purchased Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA), Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) and Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) starting in 2013 -- and still have bought back more stock than any other company in North America over the last two years .

Want more details?

Let s first look at a chart that plots revenue on the x-axis and stock repurchases on the y-axis for the trailing twelve months.

Apple spent $45 billion on stock repurchases in the trailing twelve months, more than twice as large as the second largest buyback (IBM), and more than three times as large as the third largest buyback (Exxon).

Next, let s look at a time series of Apple's stock buybacks over the last eight years.

From 2007 through 2013, Apple spent $0 -- zero -- on buybacks.

Then in 2013, the firm spent about $23 billion. In 2014, it spent another ~$45 billion on stock repurchases.

For the company to complete its $90 billion target, it will have to spend another $20 billion or so in 2015. Needless to say, as the firm grew from an IT giant to the largest company in the world, it started running out of places to put its cash flow.

Apple now pays a hefty dividend yielding nearly 2.0 percent per annum, but that still leaves enough cash on hand to buy all of Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) in cash, for example.

So, the firm turned on the switch for the buyback program.

But there s a third place Apple could have spent the money: R&D.

Here are the largest spenders on R&D in the trailing twelve months (y-axis) with market cap on the x-axis.

While Apple has the largest market cap, it spent less than Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) and four other companies last year in research & development.

In a prior article, this author questioned if Apple is risking under-investing in its future. One thing is for sure: It isn t under-spending on its stock repurchases.

As stated previously, the $90 billion in repurchases re-arranged could have resulted in Apple acquiring Tesla, Netflix and Twitter starting in 2013. And...it still could have bought back more stock than any other company over the last two years.

Now, a few things are absurd about that statement.

1. It s just an absurd statement. That s a HUGE amount of money.

2. A purchase of any of those three firms would likely not have been at market value, but at some substantial premium.

3. Finally, a purchase of all three firms is total non-sense. It would have resulted in the largest restructuring/pivot the capital markets have ever seen.

Still, this is an interesting way to measure the scale of the buybacks.

One does wonder though: Is there really nothing better to do with cash than to outspend every other company in North America for stock buybacks, especially if it is under-spending Microsoft, Google and Amazon in R&D?

Worth noting: Apple has fewer products than the other firms, so it s not totally off-the-wall crazy that the firm has lower R&D expenses.

In 2015, Apple is expected to produce and sell the Apple Watch and complete two upgrades to the iPhone 6, along with a new line of MacBooks. There will also likely be upgrades to the MacBook Air, MacBook Pro and iMac lines.

But here s the thing: All of those products combined aren't even close to the impact of the iPhone, assuming the Apple Watch is an unknown.

So, should Apple buy back even more stock? Only time will tell, but it's an interesting story to follow.

Ophir Gottlieb can be found on Twitter @OphirGottlieb.

Image credit: Joe Ravi, Wikimedia

Posted-In: Apple buybacks Apple Netflix Apple Tesla Apple TwitterLong Ideas Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc.: Greatest Company on Earth. AAPL Stock? Ripoff! Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is the largest company on the planet earth. For nearly 40 years, it has brought us innovation after groundbreaking innovation. From music and media to aesthetics, communications, healthcare, and beyond, Apple s sphere of influence is too massive to expound upon meaningfully without writing an entire book.

AAPL stock, on the other hand, is a ripoff.

That sentiment is a tough cookie to swallow for most stock market investors. The U.S. economy is chugging along quite nicely, especially compared to the rest of the world; some portfolio managers even expect the U.S. to contribute more to global GDP growth this year than China.

America s economic growth could exceed the growth of emerging economies this year for the first time since 1999. And with oil prices in the gutter, Americans had more spending money in their pockets this holiday season.

So AAPL stock would appear to have some excellent macro tailwinds right now. Analysts seem to agree: Today, Janney Capital Markets raised its iPhone sell-through estimate for the December quarter from 60 million units to 62 million units. AAPL stock soared on the news, which came a day after UBS came out with similarly bullish estimates that topped consensus estimates.

Apple, the business, is doing great. It s in the best shape it s ever been in. But AAPL stock is overvalued. Here s why:

AAPL and Its Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Valuation

Apple, Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA), and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) are all household names. Each stock is closely watched by Wall Street professionals and individual investors alike. But   and this is the thing many AAPL investors don t understand   AAPL isn t a growth stock any more. Only TSLA and AMZN are.

Tesla is very clearly in the early stages of its life as a company. TSLA is expected to do $3.72 billion in revenue in the 2014 fiscal year. General Motors Company (NYSE:GM), for comparison, is expected to do more than $156 billion, and analysts are calling for Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F) to do $137 billion in FY 2014. TSLA is building a massive gigafactory in Nevada that should transform its production capabilities. There s no telling how much growth remains in store.

Amazon, while far, far bigger than Tesla   AMZN FY 2014 projected revenues approach $90 billion   is a growth stock for the simple reason that Jeff Bezos doesn t seem to care for profits. From a same-day delivery service, to testing delivery by drone to its failed smartphone to launching its own line of diapers, there doesn t seem to be an endeavor on this earth that AMZN won t spend millions of dollars on. Once it stops investing in baby wipes and other extraneous initiatives, Amazon s margins will soar and AMZN stock should reap the benefits.

Apple, on the other hand, has limited growth going forward. Its sheer size alone will naturally drive down its returns in the future. If a firm grows fast enough for long enough, it eventually becomes the size of the whole economy, and that s not logically possible.

And while AAPL EPS grew at 80% in 2011 and nearly 60% in 2012, Wall Street expects EPS growth of about 20% in FY 2015 and 10% in FY 16. Similarly, analysts expect revenue growth to slow, with a projected growth rate of 15.6% in FY15 and just 5.8% in FY 16.

Even if you face the facts and admit that AAPL is no longer a growth stock, a value investor would have to be outside of their minds to touch these shares. Apple s P/E ratio, which sits just above 17, hasn t been that high since March of 2012. Its current multiple is about 20% higher than its 5-year average P/E of 14.5.

I can understand why Apple is so richly valued, considering the constant shower of love that it gets from the media and Wall Street analysts. I myself own the stock, but the buzz around the company is getting so euphoric that I m tempted to take this as a cue to practice Warren Buffett s famous mantra:  Be fearful when others are greedy, and greedy when others are fearful. 

As of this writing John Divine owned shares of AAPL stock. You can follow him on Twitter at @divinebizkid.

More From InvestorPlace 
2015-07-15
Refurbished and Clearance Get an Apple Gift Card for the value of your old computer.

The Apple Recycling Program offers you an environmentally responsible way to part with your old computer. Whether it s a Mac or a PC, working or nonworking, it doesn t matter. We ll take it and determine if it qualifies for reuse. If it does, that means your computer has monetary value that we ll apply toward an Apple Gift Card.1 You can use the gift card for purchases at apple.com or any Apple Store.2 If your computer doesn t qualify for reuse, we ll recycle it responsibly at no cost to you.3

Learn more Apple Recycling Program The Impact Of Apple's Share Buyback Program  Former Apple engineers build 'a computer that cooks' What do you get when you put ten former Apple engineers together in one kitchen? An oven equipped with an iPhone-like interface and built-in camera to help you "optimize" your cooking.

Co-founders Matt Van Horn and Nikhil Bhogal created June, a computerized oven that "thinks" like a chef. The oven, which costs $1,495, uses sensors to recognize the type of food you're cooking and instruct you on how to cook it best. You don't have to preheat the oven, and, best of all, the smartphone app sends you a notification when the food is ready.

A year and a half ago, Van Horn and Bhogal left their jobs at social networking startup Path and started working on the concept. June officially launched a month ago, although the product won't ship until next year.

"It has the guts of a phone or a high-end tablet," said Bhogal, who worked as an engineer on Apple's (AAPL, Tech30) first generation iPhone. "Essentially, it's a computer that cooks."

The infused the oven with Apple's design ethos as well.

Van Horn and Bhogal hired Robert Brunner to design the oven. Brunner was responsible for the design of Apple's PowerBook. He has since created his own design firm Ammunition, which is behind well-known products like Beats by Dre, Square and Polaroid redesign.

"We wanted to make a beautiful oven so we looked at every surface, every detail, every bit of functionality," Brunner said.

Related: These startups are defining the future

June isn't meant to replace the oven -- it sits on the countertop -- and isn't equipped to cook larger meals.

Van Horn, who was part of the founding teams at Path and Digg, says it's the offline world that most excites him these days. As mobile phones get cheaper and add processing power, there are going to be sensors everywhere -- which creates new frontiers for innovation.

"As entrepreneurs, we're able to take advantage of the supply chain and put a 2.3 gigahertz processor in our oven," he says. "I think cameras and sensors plus intelligence is a really interesting trend."

June now has 23 employees who work out of a home in one of San Francisco's wealthiest neighborhoods. And while Silicon Valley companies are known for their perks, June employees enjoy a unique advantage: a large kitchen equipped with everything from chocolate chip cookie ingredients to steaks that are constantly used for beta testing June's intelligence. Apple Inc. Aiming To Tap Huge New Market In Iran The official signing of a deal between the U.S. and Iran should lead to the lifting of economic sanctions which benefit Apple and other U.S. companies.

After 20 months of negotiations, a deal on Iran s nuclear program could see the country become a huge new market for foreign companies and investment, writes Buster Hein for Cult of Mac. And Apple is already preparing its entrance, according to a new report.

Apple contacts potential Iranian partners

The Wall Street Journal cites  people familiar with the matter  who say that Apple has already made contact with Iranian distributors. Cupertino is not alone in making plans for Iran, as General Electric is also apparently interested in the new market.

As it stands Apple s presence in the Middle East is nowhere near as heavy as in other regions of the world, but that may be about to change. Data shows that Iran s 80 million population are favorable towards Western brands, and while only 11 million have mobile internet access, 53% of the population has broadband.

Despite the economic sanctions, some U.S.-based companies were able to do business with Iran. Since last year, Boeing has been selling aircraft manuals and charts, while Iranians have been able to enjoy Coca-Cola s sodas for almost 20 years, thanks to a special license from the Office of Foreign Assets Control.

Lifting of sanctions dependent on Iran

The opening of Iran to other companies is reliant on Tehran s implementation of the deal, which means U.S. and European businesses may only be able to enter Iran early next year. The deal also contains a so-called  snapback  clause which means that sanctions will be immediately reimposed should Iran renege on its promises.

Many European businesses only left the country in recent years as EU sanctions became stricter. With pre-existing business relationships in place, European companies stand to benefit faster than U.S. firms should sanctions be lifted.

Companies from a variety of sectors are excited by the potential market offered by Iran s large population, while oil companies may also stand to benefit from Iran s desire to start pumping oil again, and their need for Western technology to make the process as efficient as possible. Stock Update (NASDAQ:AAPL): Apple Inc. Introduces the Best iPod Touch Yet Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduced the best iPod touch  yet and unveiled a new lineup of colors for all iPod  models, including space gray, silver, gold, pink and blue. The ultra-portable iPod touch features a new 8 megapixel iSight  camera for beautiful photos, an improved FaceTime  HD camera for even better selfies, the Apple-designed A8 chip with 10 times faster graphics performance for a more immersive gaming experience, and even better fitness tracking with the M8 motion coprocessor. With the newly launched Apple Music  service, members can enjoy playlists curated by the most talented music experts from around the world, stay in-the-know on music culture with a global 24/7 broadcast on Beats 1  radio, and comment on or like backstage photos and videos shared directly by their favorite artists on Connect.

 iPod touch gives customers around the world access to Apple Music, the App Store and iOS, the world s most advanced mobile operating system, starting at just $199,  said Greg Joswiak, Apple s vice president of iPhone, iPod and iOS Product Marketing.  With big advancements like the A8 chip and the 8 megapixel iSight camera, customers can experience next-level gameplay, take even more beautiful photos and enjoy their favorite music, TV shows and movies. 

With the A8 chip, the same used in the revolutionary iPhone  6, users can play even more immersive games for hours at a time, all the while with great battery life. iPod touch has become one of the world s most loved mobile gaming experiences   its 4-inch Retina  display and rich collection of gaming titles are further enhanced with incredible graphics performance and thousands of Metal-optimized games. With the advanced iSight and FaceTime HD cameras, iPod touch owners, for the first time, can have fun with popular features including slo-mo and burst mode, while capturing memories and everyday moments with gorgeous photos and videos. Three times faster Wi-Fi lets customers stay in touch with friends and family through FaceTime calls, and download movies and TV shows with ease.

The App Store  on iPod touch, available in 155 countries, gives users access to 1.5 million apps across 24 categories. iPod touch is also the perfect way to carry your music collection in your pocket. iTunes  boasts the world s largest music catalog, and with Apple Music, customers have access to the revolutionary streaming music service, Beats 1, Apple s first ever live radio station, and Connect, where artists can communicate directly to fans. Apple Music is available on iPod touch through the Music app   users are invited to a 3-month trial, after which a $9.99/month membership fee will apply. There is a family plan providing service for up to six family members available for just $14.99/month.

iPod touch comes with iOS 8 and a collection of powerful built-in apps. Send unlimited voice and video text messages through iMessage  over Wi-Fi, quickly make edits to your photos with the Photos app and keep track of your fitness and wellness with the Health app. With Family Sharing, up to six family members can share purchases from iTunes, iBooks  and the App Store, along with photos and calendars. Parents can also create Apple IDs for children which includes Ask to Buy where parental permission is required for all purchases. (Original Source)

Shares of Apple opened today at $125.72 and are currently trading up 1.19% at 127.03. AAPL has a 1-year high of $134.54 and a 1-year low of $92.57. The stock s 50-day moving average is $127.35 and its 200-day moving average is $123.75.

On the ratings front, Apple has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. In a report released yesterday, FBR analyst Daniel Ives maintained a Buy rating on AAPL, with a price target of $185, which represents a potential upside of 47.2% from where the stock is currently trading. Separately, on July 13, Societe Generale s Peter Knox upgraded the stock to Buy and has a price target of $140.

According to TipRanks.com, which ranks over 7,500 financial analysts and bloggers to gauge the performance of their past recommendations, Daniel Ives and Peter Knox have a total average return of 9.7% and 0.0% respectively. Ives has a success rate of 63.7% and is ranked #373 out of 3708 analysts, while Knox has a success rate of 44.4% and is ranked #2694.

Overall, 28 research analysts have rated the stock with a Buy rating, 11 research analysts have assigned a Hold rating and 3 analysts have given a Sell rating for the stock. When considering if perhaps the stock is under or overvalued, the average price target is $151.32 which is 20.4% above where the stock opened today. 
2015-10-21
Apple, Inc. Earnings: Why I'll Be Watching Guidance When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reports second-quarter results on Tuesday, investors will hone in on revenue, earnings per share, and iPhone numbers, as per usual. But the tech giant's guidance for its current quarter, which wraps up at year-end, will get extra attention. Here's why.

Remember last year's monstrous holiday quarter?

Seriously, it was huge.

In fact, it's pretty much impossible to overstate just how big of a quarter Apple's first fiscal quarter of 2016 (which is the fourth calendar quarter of 2014) was. The company reported 48% year-over-year growth in EPS during the quarter, driven by big increases in iPhone sales and a well-executed and ambitious share repurchase program.

iPhone unit sales for the quarter soared 46% from the year-ago quarter, riding on the success of the company's first foray into phablet territory. With Q1 2015 marking the first full quarter of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus availability, the new model absolutely stole the show.

And even more impressive than the year-over-year growth in iPhone unit sales was the 57% year-over-year increase in iPhone revenue. This outsized growth of iPhone revenue in relation to iPhone unit sales was driven by a higher average selling price for the smartphones as the company flexed its pricing power with more expensive versions of the iPhone when it launched new models last year.

Apple raked in a record $74.6 billion in revenue during the quarter -- its biggest quarter ever by a long shot. Indeed, the fiscal first quarter of 2015 remains its biggest to date by a margin of more than $16 billion over any other quarter.

Measuring up against this strong year-ago period in the first fiscal quarter of 2016 won't be easy.

Checking in on guidance

With a comp like this, there's a chance that Apple could guide for flat year-over-year revenue growth -- or even a decline -- when it provides quarterly guidance on Tuesday. This would mark a major shift in the storyline of Apple's revenue growth rates in recent quarters. In its third fiscal quarter of 2015, it posted 33% year-over-year revenue growth. And it guided for about $50 billion in revenue for its fourth fiscal quarter of 2015, a figure that would represent an 18.8% increase from the year-ago period. Going from rates like these to flat growth or even a decline could spark concern among investors.

Furthermore, guidance will be important this quarter for reasons beyond the fact that it will likely represent a new phase of more difficult year-over-year comps; it could also provide insight into the health of Apple's new products -- particularly the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus and the Apple Watch. iPhones are largely represented in the company's guidance, given that the product segment currently makes up an impressive 63% of revenue. In addition, since Apple Watch wasn't for sale in the year-ago quarter but is during this holiday quarter, investors will be hoping the new product line will be meaningfully accretive to the top and bottom lines; if Apple guides for a year-over-year increase in Apple's holiday quarter revenue, it could be due to high expectations from management for Apple Watch.

By checking in on Apple's outlook for next quarter, investors will get an idea of how bullish managment is on both its current product suite and its ability to produce and deliver these products during the quarter. Management will likely provide some insight into the reasoning behind its guidance for the first fiscal quarter of 2016 in the earnings call following its fourth-quarter earnings release on Tuesday. After Apple Inc.'s Chipgate Fiasco, Is It Time to Buy Taiwan Semiconductor? Nearly every generation of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone seems to have a "gate" scandal related to perceived flaws. Users complained about the iPhone 3G's cracked cases, the iPhone 3GS's overheating issues, the iPhone 4's antenna problems, the iPhone 5's camera issues, and the iPhone 6's "bendable" frames.

With the iPhone 6s, it's "chipgate," which alleges that its A9 chips -- some of which were produced by TSMC (NYSE:TSM) and others by Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) -- were not created equally. TSMC's 16nm A9 chips are larger than Samsung's 14nm A9 chips, but several independent tests revealed that the former could offer up to two more hours of battery life than the latter.

Apple acknowledged the difference, but claimed that real-world battery life between the two chips only varied by 2% to 3%. However, that admission supports reports that TSMC may be the exclusive supplier of Apple's upcoming A10 chips, which are expected to start production next March. Since Samsung's chipmaking pain translates to TSMC's gain, should investors load up on shares of TSMC today?

How much does Apple matter to TSMC?

TSMC is the world's largest pure-play semiconductor foundry. Only a handful of other companies have comparable chipmaking facilities. This means that "fabless" manufacturers, which don't manufacture their own chips, must rely on these four giants for chip production.

TSMC doesn't disclose exactly how much of its revenue comes from Apple. But back in February, analysts cited by Taipei Times expected Apple's contribution to TSMC's top line to rise from 6.5% in 2014 to 9.6% in 2015. However, that estimate was a conservative one that expected Samsung to produce a larger percentage of A9 chips than TSMC. But since TSMC actually produced half of the A9 chips, it's likely that Apple orders will account for more than 10% of the company's revenue this year.

While Apple could potentially make TSMC the exclusive supplier of A10 chips, there's no guarantee that it will hold that position for future chips. The situation might be different if TSMC had accepted Apple's offer to buy a stake in the company back in 2011, which the foundry rejected because it wanted to stay flexible and independent.

But it's not just about Apple

Although Apple is one of TSMC's top clients, the foundry also produces chips for a large number of PC and smartphone makers. This means that while robust demand for iPhones might boost its revenue, those gains can be offset by slower growth in the PC and mobile markets.

During the third quarter, TSMC's revenue rose 1.7% to $6.56 billion. Net income slipped 1.3%, but its diluted earnings of $0.46 per ADR topped estimates by a penny. TSMC expects to generate revenues between $6.23 billion to $6.29 billion for the fourth quarter, which is in line with analyst expectations but down from $6.9 billion a year ago. That decline was attributed to tough comparisons to last year. A weak PC market and soft demand for smartphones in China also affected sales.

TSMC also reduced its capital expenditures budget for the second time this year to $8 billion, down from a prior range of $10.5 billion to $11 billion. However, that cut was expected due to oversupply and weak pricing across the sector.

A brighter 2016

The A9 split with Samsung, the sluggish PC market, and the weak Chinese smartphone sales will all weigh down TSMC's top line for a few more quarters. Nonetheless, analysts polled by Thomson Reuters still expect TSMC's revenue to grow 9.5% annually in 2015 and for earnings to rise 7.1%.

The outlook for 2016 also looks much brighter. The exclusive production of A10 chips should get sales back on track if TSMC scores it.. Research firms IDC and Gartner both expect the PC market to stabilize next year. Rising demand for smartphones in India, the third largest smartphone market in the world, could offset slower demand in China.

The key takeaway

TSMC only trades at 14 times forward earnings and has a five-year PEG ratio of 0.8 (based on Thomson Reuters estimates), making it a fairly cheap investment in the semiconductor market. The stock will likely be weighed down by short-term issues, but investors still get paid a decent 3.3% dividend yield for waiting until the outlook improves next year. Apple Stakes Raised as EU Orders Starbucks, Fiat Tax Repayments Apple Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. got a preview of what the European Union may have in store for them after regulators ordered Starbucks Corp. and a Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV unit to repay millions of euros in back taxes.

The EU said the coffee company and the Italian carmaker were handed illegal fiscal deals by the Netherlands and Luxembourg and ordered them to repay as much as 30 million euros ($34 million). Wednesday s decision sets up a showdown with Apple and Amazon, which are also embroiled in the tax probe.

 These first two decisions may just be testing the waters to see what the reaction will be, before they start with the really big ones -- Apple and Amazon,  said Marc Sanders, a partner at Taxand, a global firm of tax advisers. The Apple and Amazon cases  will have the same results, potentially with higher recoveries. 

Starbucks, Fiat, Apple and Amazon may be the tip of the iceberg after revelations of widespread use of sweetheart tax deals hit the headlines last year. Documents leaked by a group of investigative journalists showed that Luxembourg alone struck hundreds of secret fiscal deals known as tax rulings with companies from around the world, from PepsiCo Inc. to Walt Disney Co. Amazon, which has more than 1,000 people working in the tiny nation, said in a U.S. filing in July that its taxes could increase following a negative EU decision.

 Big or Small 

 Tax rulings that artificially reduce a company s tax burden are not in line with EU state-aid rules. They are illegal,  said Margrethe Vestager, the EU competition commissioner.  I hope that, with today s decisions, this message will be heard by member state governments and companies alike. All companies, big or small, multinational or not, should pay their fair share of tax. 

The Dutch and Luxembourg tax authorities must work out the actual amounts to be recouped based on a method provided by the European Commission. The recovery orders may also have an impact across the Atlantic where tax credits can in theory be granted when multinationals repatriate earnings from subsidiaries, according to a U.S. Treasury Department official.

 Extremely Expensive 

Still,  any amount repaid will not automatically qualify for credit against the group s U.S. tax bill -  it will be a complex question depending on the company s particular circumstances,  said Heather Self, a tax partner at law firm Pinsent Masons LLP.

Luxembourg disagrees with the EU commission s conclusions and  will use appropriate due diligence to analyze the decision of the commission as well as its legal rationale,  the country s finance ministry said in a statement.

The country, which still faces an ongoing EU probe into a tax ruling set up with Amazon in 2003, said the regulator s criteria in finding state aid in these accords were  unprecedented  and that it  has not established in any way  a selective advantage to the Fiat unit.

The Dutch government said it  is somewhat surprised about the decision  that Starbucks received state aid. The EU s conclusion  raises a lot of questions and requires careful consideration. The Netherlands is convinced that actual international standards are applied and shall, therefore, analyze the commission s criticism carefully before taking a decision on further steps. 

OECD Rules

Starbucks said it  shares the concerns expressed by the Netherlands government that there are significant errors in the decision, and we plan to appeal since we followed the Dutch and OECD rules available to anyone.  Starbucks said it paid $3 billion in global taxes between 2008 and 2014.

The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a research institute funded by 34 countries including the U.S., sets tax standards used by countries across the world. The OECD is seeking to curb tax-haven use and other fiscal strategies by companies.

Fiat  did not receive any state aid  and  any finding in this matter would be immaterial to the FCA Group s reported results,  the company said in an e-mailed statement on Tuesday. A Fiat spokesman in Turin said Wednesday that the company had no further comment on the issue.

 Material  Amount

Apple raised a flag in April about the potential cost if the company is required to pay past taxes to Ireland as part of the commission investigation. While Apple hasn t been able to estimate the amount, it could be  material,  the Cupertino, California-based technology company said in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Vestager said regulators are still poring over cases involving Amazon, Apple and the system of fiscal rulings in Belgium. They are all different and will each be assessed on their merits, Vestager told journalists in Brussels Wednesday. Additional cases may also be in the pipeline, she said.

 We do not stop here. We continue the inquiries into tax rulings in all EU members states,  Vestager said at a press conference.  In terms of timing  of the open probes,  fast is always better than slow but best of all is to be just  and the EU will make a decision  when a case is ready.  Amazon and Apple declined to comment.

The estimated amounts the two companies will have to pay back to Luxembourg and the Netherlands  are not spectacular sums, but basically that s not the message here, the message here is the principle,  Vestager said. Also, the amounts are  much much more than what has previously been paid. 

Fairer Tax

The EU repayment order isn t enough to force big companies to pay their share, according to a group campaigning for fairer taxation.

 It s obviously still worth the risk to try and avoid taxes, when the worst that can happen is that a few of them get caught and have to pay their taxes, while the rest of them can continue enjoying a free ride,  said Tove Ryding, coordinator of tax justice at the European Network on Debt and Development.

In the Starbucks case, the commission said a Dutch unit paid millions of euros to a U.K.-based arm of the company that isn t taxed in Britain in exchange for a technique to roast coffee beans. Exaggerated tax-deductible royalty payments for this technique allowed Seattle-based Starbucks to unfairly lower its Dutch taxes.

Starbucks said the commission  wrongly asserts that independent third parties which roast coffee beans for Starbucks do not pay equivalent royalties as our own roasting plant in Amsterdam. This is false. 

Court Appeals

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

In the Fiat case, the commission said a unit in Luxembourg benefited from a selective advantage since 2012 when it was given a tax ruling. As a result of the special arrangement, the unit ended up paying only  a small portion of its actual accounting capital at a very low remuneration  and if estimations had been in line to market conditions,  the taxable profits declared in Luxembourg would have been 20 times higher,  Vestager said.

The Brussels-based commission is bracing itself for legal challenges and spent months honing its arguments so they stand up in court.

Many companies had similar tax arrangements and the EU courts will end up ruling on them, said Falk Schoening, a competition lawyer and expert on state aid law at Hogan Lovells in Munich, Germany.  This may just be the beginning.  
2015-01-10
4 Companies More Profitable Than Apple Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a pretty special company. It may not be behind the world's most popular mobile operating system -- that would be Android -- but it's the one making the lion's share of the smartphone's industry profits.

This doesn't mean that Android's success hasn't taken a toll. According to S&P Capital IQ, Apple's net margins peaked at 26.7% in fiscal year 2012, slipping to 21.7% in 2013 and 21.6% in 2014.

Apple can still command juicy markups, giving it net margins that make rivals envious and investors wealthy. However, if we step outside of the cutthroat realms of tablets, smartphones, and PCs we find that there are plenty of companies delivering higher net margins than the world's most valuable consumer tech company. Let's take a look at a few companies that can milk more out of every dollar of revenue than Apple.

Facebook (NASDAQ:FB): 24.7% in trailing net margins

It wouldn't be right to load this list with financials or drug companies where margins naturally skew higher. We don't have to. There are plenty of tech names with net margins north of Apple's current 21.6%.

Let's start with Facebook, a company that has benefited greatly from the smartphone revolution that Apple's iPhone helped catapult into the consumer market. The leading social networking giant wasn't doing so great on the bottom line when it went public two years ago, but it's been able to dramatically improve its monetization. We saw that on display in its latest quarter where Facebook was able to grow its monthly active users by 14% over the past year to 1.35 billion, but revenue soared 59% in that time. Given the scalable nature of the Facebook model, generating more revenue from every user or page view results in an even greater improvement on the bottom line.

Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM): 30.1% in trailing net margins

Another big beneficiary of the mobile revolution is Qualcomm. The company's name comes from the Brangelina-zation of "quality" and "communication," and the developer of advanced wireless technologies has cashed in on its rich 3G/4G LTE patents.

Growth is slowing at Qualcomm. Revenue climbed just 7% in fiscal year 2014, slowing to just a 3% year-over-year advance in its most recent quarter. Wall Street's holding out for just 5% top-line growth in fiscal year 2015. Net margins may have peaked at 31.9% in fiscal year 2012, but it's still doing admirably by staying north of 30% two years later.

Alibaba (NYSE:BABA): 46.7% in trailing net margins

There are a couple of reasons why Chinese tech companies sport higher margins than their global counterparts. The world's most populous nation has a corporate-friendly tax rate. Labor and other expense line items are cheaper.

Alibaba's 46.7% in net margins over the past four quarters is impressive, but the e-commerce giant is one of several Chinese tech darlings that have been able to milk nearly half of its revenue to the bottom line. Alibaba went public at $68 just four months ago, and it's already commanding one of the highest market caps in China.

Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT): 23.4% in trailing net margins

Microsoft was Apple's largest rival a decade ago, battling it out in the PC operating system and software markets. That has naturally changed over the years. PC sales have been sluggish, and Microsoft hasn't been as successful as Apple in cashing in on the mobile revolution.

Software has always been where fat margins come to party, and in fiscal year 2011 we saw Microsoft clock in at an impressive 33.1%. Microsoft then realized that it had to shift gears if it wanted to remain relevant in a world where tablets and smartphones were eating into some PC functionality. Making a push into hardware and diversifying into lower margin niches has taken a toll on net margins, slipping to 28.1 in fiscal year 2013 and then 25.4 in fiscal year 2014. The contraction continues. It wouldn't be a surprise to see Apple overtake Microsoft in the coming years, but for now Microsoft is still the one in front on that front. 
2015-01-17
Should Apple Inc. Shareholders Expect $200 Billion? If you thought hedge fund investor Carl Icahn's proposed $150 billion Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) share repurchase program was big, try $200 billion on for size. Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha thinks Apple should spend that much over the next three years on stock buybacks and dividends. Despite how wild this might first seem, it's actually quite reasonable when you take a closer look.

Putting a $200 billion program in perspective

Apple's board of directors has authorized a total of $130 billion to be returned to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. Of that amount, $90 billion is reportedly to be directed toward stock buybacks, of which $68 billion has already been spent ($45 billion in the past year alone).

With only $22 billion remaining for repurchases, and with Apple consistently providing updates in March or April on its effort to return cash to shareholders since the program began in 2012, the next update is likely just around the corner.

But could Apple afford to return $200 billion to shareholders in just three years? The reasoning is, well, reasonable.

"If Apple does not increase its cash return program to $200 billion, then the net cash would stand at $184 billion by the end of 2016, which means Apple would have nearly double the amount of net cash on hand compared to the end of 2012," Garcha said in a note to investors (via CNBC). "This is clearly excessive and significantly higher than when the company first implemented their cash return program at the end of 2012." Furthermore, Garcha noted that this level of cash "would be very difficult for Apple's management to justify."

Garcha said he imagines $165 billion of the authorized cash used for repurchases and $37 billion for dividends.

Even if Apple came through with such a significant boost to its investor return program, Garcha estimated the company would still end 2016 with $114 billion in net cash -- a figure equal to about 18% of Apple's current $647 billion market capitalization. How would Apple have so much cash after spending so much cash? We have the company's $50 billion in annual free cash flow, or cash from operating activities minus capital expenditures (investments in future growth opportunities, acquisitions, etc.), to thank for that.

Apple's hefty cash flow and its impossible-to-ignore cash hoard are among the reasons Garcha is bullish on the stock, with a 12-month price target of $130, up about 18% from today's price.

Since only a fraction of Apple's cash -- about $18 billion -- is held domestically, and only a fraction of its annual free cash inflow is domestic, the company would need to issue more debt to fund such a significant program if not repatriating its cash abroad. But given the low rates Apple can secure on its bond offerings, this sort of debt makes sense. So far, Apple's decision to take on debt has absolutely benefited shareholders.

I believe Apple will boost its stock buyback and dividend program in March or April. But will the boost be as big as Garcha imagines? It's certainly possible. The Apple Inc. iPhone Is Losing Ground in One Key Market Demand for Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6 has been unprecedented. Collectively, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus have smashed existing sales records, and when Apple reports earnings this season, investors may find that the Cupertino tech giant sold more than 70 million iPhones during the quarter.

The company has seen great demand across the board -- in North America and Europe, Apple market share increased last quarter, according to recent data from research firm Kantar Worldpanel.

Yet, there was one market where the latest iPhones received a surprisingly cool reception -- Japan, where sales suffered a surprising double-digit decline.

Kantar's data

According to Kantar, the iPhone accounted for 48% of smartphones sold in Japan during the third quarter, which ran from the beginning of August through the end of October. The Android operating system powered a similar 48.1%.

That's quite impressive, given that on a global basis, Android's market share is approaching 85%. In fact, Japan remains Apple's single strongest market, with more Japanese buyers (on a percentage basis) choosing the iPhone than Americans (in the same quarter, the iPhone accounted for 41.5% of the smartphones sold in the U.S.).

However, that figure is down significantly from last year. During the same period in 2013, nearly two-thirds (61.1%) of Japanese smartphone buyers chose an iPhone, compared to only 36.2% opting for an Android-powered device. With Windows Phone accounting for less than 1% of the Japanese smartphone market, Android OEMs appear to be taking share directly from Apple.

This stands in stark contrast to other markets, where the release of the iPhone 6 boosted market share significantly -- Apple saw a 3.1% bump in Germany and 10.4% in Great Britain. In fact, of the major markets Kantar tracks, Japan was the only one where market share fell.

A difficult comp and tougher competition

The decline in Japan might be partially explained by the year-over-year comparison itself -- in September 2013, NTT Docomo, one of the country's largest telecoms, began selling the iPhone for the very first time. The arrival of the iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c on the NTT Docomo network may have sparked an over-sized wave of iPhone purchases (as long waiting subscribers rushed to buy units), significantly inflating 2013 sales and thus making an annual comparison difficult.

But Apple also faces intensifying competition from a number of home-grown competitors. The Sony Xperia line, despite falling short of company expectations on a global basis, has done relatively well in Japan. Other Japanese consumer electronic firms -- including Sharp and Fujitsu -- compete in their home country but have little presence elsewhere.

Another possibility is that Japanese consumers have less interest in large smartphones: the bigger screens offered by the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus may not be appealing. Notably, Samsung -- whose high-end phones have long been known for their larger size -- holds a relatively paltry 6% share of the Japanese smartphone market. Sony, on the other hand, has targeted Japan with mini versions of its flagship handsets.

Japan remains a key market

As one of the largest smartphone markets in the world and a longtime fan of Apple products, the drop in Japan is a development worth watching. With such a wealthy country and a history of generous carrier subsidies, Japan should be a perfect fit for the iPhone.

To be clear, the 48% market share is still impressive, but a double-digit drop when every other region is showing growth is bound to raise some eyebrows. Future data may show it to be a temporary aberration, but if it turns into a long-term trend, that may serve as a clear signal that Japanese preferences are changing. 
2015-10-02
Is There Any Truth to This Crazy Apple Inc. A10 Rumor? Following the launch of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6s, a new rumor hit the Web regarding the A10 processor that is expected to arrive in the company's next-generation iPhone. This rumor, which comes from a post on Weibo, claims the following (note that this is a translation):

Apple is developing the next generation A10 architecture, will focus on the development of multi-threading, up to six core is 10nm or 14nm, Samsung, TSMC, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) 14nm process also rob on the order

As you can tell, the translation isn't perfect but the gist of the post is that Apple's next-generation A-series processor will feature "up to six cores" -- a substantial boost from the two processor cores found inside of the A9 chip.

Does this rumor make any sense or is it purely bogus? Let's take a closer look.

Six cores? Not likely.

Right off the bat, I can tell you that there's essentially no chance that Apple will include six physical CPU cores in a next-generation A-series chip. The A9 is a dual-core processor, and it is so for good reason: Phones are very thermally constrained so it makes more sense to spend what power budget is available to the chip on wringing out as much per-core performance as possible.

That being said, I have seen it suggested elsewhere that what the poster here actually meant to say is that the A10 will have three cores, but each core will include simultaneous multi-threading -- a technique that allows a single processor core to "act" as a multi-core processor, allowing for better utilization of a chip's execution resources.

Although I doubt that the A10 will be a six-threaded chip, I see the following as possible: The A10, which should go into the next iPhone, remains a dual-core chip, but each CPU core can support two threads of execution, making it a dual-core/quad-threaded processor. The A10X, which should find its way into the next iPad Pro, then, would be a triple-core/six-threaded processor.

Would simultaneous multithreading make sense?

According to Intel -- which has implemented simultaneous multi-threading (Intel calls it "hyperthreading") in its mainstream processors for many years now -- this technique "significantly boosts performance for very little power cost." Indeed, the company says that the speedup from simultaneous multithreading (which Intel markets as "hyperthreading") can be between 20% and 30%.

Additionally, this speedup -- per Intel -- comes at a "less than 5% die size and power consumption increase compared to a single processor package." Given that the CPU cores represent a fraction of Apple's A-series chip area, I'd expect the total die size impact of simultaneous multithreading in an A-series chip to be quite small.

I think that if Apple is looking to boost the multithreaded performance of its A-series chips, implementing this technique could be a sensible alternative to adding more cores.

Adding more cores is probably easier and could lead to higher peak multithreaded performance than implementing simultaneous multithreading and keeping core counts the same. However, simultaneous multi-threading looks like it could be the more energy and area efficient way (the latter of which implies cost efficient) of getting more multi-threaded performance in a power-constrained mobile device. Apple, Inc. massively expanding its iCloud data centers in Nevada, Oregon Feature

Apple is rapidly building out large new cluster buildings its iCloud data center near Reno, Nevada, about four hours east of Silicon Valley. At the same time, the company has also bought another nearly 200 acres of land in Prineville, Oregon to continue parallel iCloud capacity expansion at that site.





The front security gate at Apple's Reno, Nevada iCloud data center facility

Apple's aggressive growth in iCloud server capacity is only just getting started, as there is already massive room for additional expansion surrounding both facilities. However, the current pace and scale of Apple's data center construction remains surprising even to industry observers familiar with high priority projects.In March, AppleInsider exclusively reported on the doubling of buildings at Apple's Reno site (shown below), which sits on 345 acres of land about 15 minutes east of the city of Reno, which is about a three and a half hour drive east of San Francisco.











The white buildings above were completed this spring, but the dark-colored framework popped up over the summer

Apple began building that development on scrub land in 2013, aiming to build one of the world's greenest data centers in operation, drawing most of its power needs from solar and geothermal energy.Six months later, the company has already completed the framing for a third data center cluster (shown below, from the site's entry road), with work beginning on a fourth cluster that Apple applied for permits to build earlier this year.Apple's construction is progressing so fast at the Reno site that it is now depending on a new electrical substation and power lines being completed by NV Energy in order to continue its expansion.A vast new solar array reported to began operation this summer by the Reno Gazette Journal, enabling the site to draw 100 percent of its power needs from a renewable source.Meanwhile, Apple is also expanding its landholdings in Prineville, Oregon, a data center site Apple began working on in parallel about four years ago. The Bend Bulletin reported that Apple closed a $3.6 million deal for almost 200 additional acres of land adjacent to its existing 159 acre site acquired in 2012.The project takes advantage of Oregon's enterprise zone tax abatements designed to incentivize job creation in counties with high unemployment. Prineville's Crook County Judge Michael McCabe told reporters that Apple had previously agreed to create 35 new jobs at the facility, including local hiring."They're really family-wage jobs," McCabe said, noting that in addition to direct hires, Apple's data center operations and investments infuse "economic vitality" into the county and that the local government enjoys "a great relationship" with the company.Apple's Prineville site is powered in part by small hydroelectric sites located nearby, which Apple began acquiring and expanding last year.At the beginning of this year, Apple announced a multi-billion euro data center project that plans to add new state-of-the-art facilities in Athenry in County Galway, Ireland and Viborg, Denmark in the Jutland peninsula, with both locations powered exclusively by renewable energy. Those facilities are expected to begin operating in 2017.The company also announced plans in February to convert the site of its failed partnership with GT Advanced Technologies into a new "global command" data center, with a price tag of at least $2 billion. 
2015-12-18
Apple: Strategy Behind Retailers Discounting Apple Watch And iPad One noticeable trend evolving over the past few weeks in the U.S. has been significant sales on Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) products at some of the country's largest brick-and-mortar retailers. Best Buy (NYSE:BBY) and Target (NYSE:TGT) have offered sales on Apple products in the past, but this year feels different. While some have looked at these promotions, as signs of waning Apple product demand and a directive by Apple to push excess supply through the distribution channel, the reality is much different. Retailers are positioning Apple Watch and iPad as the top gifts of the year, betting discounts for those two products will drive foot traffic into stores and page views to online stores. The end goal for retailers offering Apple Watch and iPad discounts is to generate the needed buzz and revenue to better compete with one of the best-performing retailers: Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN). Retailers Are Having a Difficult Year Traditional brick-and-mortar retailers have now been embroiled in a tough fight against online retailers for years. The sheer competitiveness found throughout the retail segment is now turning traditional retailers against each other. The single-most important development for the retail landscape has been the smartphone and the exploding phenomenon of "showrooming." Consumers, armed with their smartphones, and in some cases tablets, head out to malls and shopping centers with the goal of trying on or testing products only to then use their smartphones to compare prices across various stores. This process often occurs right in the store and has become quite noticeable in data trends released by mobile app analytics companies. Showrooming is especially common for electronics and other big-ticket items available at a number of different retailers. To make this year especially difficult for many U.S. retailers, weather patterns have led to unseasonably warm conditions through mid-December, especially in the U.S. Northeast. As a result, apparel sales, traditionally a key component of fourth quarter sales, have been hit hard. When looking at year-to-date sales trends, it quickly becomes clear that 2015 has been a difficult year for most traditional retailers. When comparing their revenue growth trends to those of Amazon, the mediocre results quickly stand out. U.S. Retailer Revenue Growth (year-to-date)



New Retail Strategies and Tactics Traditional retailers have begun to adapt to the new normal. Best Buy has embraced a number of new strategies to compete against Amazon and other e-commerce retailers. Phrases like "price matching" have become engrained in many consumers' minds. Instead of fighting against showrooming, price matching is all about brick-and-mortar retailers placing foot traffic and online page views above increased margins and profits. Instead of losing a sale to a different retailer online, retailers are willing to lose a bit of profit in order to keep that customer. The best retailers have gone even further and begun to turn their physical stores into something more than just a location for showrooming. Best Buy has doubled down on the concept of stores within stores, including 500 mini Apple stores. In addition, customer service, like the Geek Squad, has been positioned as a much bigger reason to venture to a Best Buy store. The long-term strategy behind such a plan would be to make up lost margin related to price matching with high margin service items such as extended warranties and repair jobs. Niche retailers, like outdoor lifestyle retailers Cabela's (NYSE:CAB) and Bass Pro Shops, have been able to turn brick-and-mortar stores into a type of attraction or amusement where families can literally spend the day. Despite all of these various strategies, all retailers share the same goal: occupying customers' attention and dollars. This is where doorbuster sales and various other high-profile sales on Apple products enter the conversation as such sales are meant to grab buzz and interest. December Retail Observations A few trends become apparent when looking at these recent Apple product sales at brick-and-mortar retailers. Apple Watch is positioned as a tech gift of the year. Looking at the tech landscape and the best-selling new devices in recent months, 2015 has been the year of the wrist wearables. Accordingly, Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) and Apple are the two leaders of the very young market, taking an 82% adjusted market share. However, for retailers craving buzz, store traffic, and a revenue boost, Fitbit just does not compare with Apple Watch. Not only were Fitbit wearables available in 2014, but they cost approximately a third to a fourth the price of an Apple Watch. In addition, Fitbit does not offer much exclusivity as the devices are available in many retail locations. Meanwhile, this is the first holiday gifting season for Apple Watch, with the product remaining quite exclusive in terms of retailer availability (Best Buy, Target, Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), and mobile carriers). The end result is retailers positioning Apple Watch as tech gift of the year. Best Buy's Apple Watch sale includes $100 off all models, including both Sport and Watch collections. Meanwhile, Target's Apple Watch Sale includes $100 Target gift cards with the purchase of any Apple Watch.

While Apple Watch remains polarizing within tech circles, the general population has shown to be much more receptive to the product, preferring its simplicity and ability to perform a few tasks, including receiving notifications. If going strictly by Apple Watch reviews on Best Buy's website, shown below, people think very highly of Apple's newest product category.

iPad is still one of the top tech sellers. Even though the iPad has suffered from slowing sales momentum in recent years, the device is still a very good seller in absolute terms, especially during the holiday season. In addition, the distribution dynamic seen with the product ends up giving brick and mortar retailers an outsized share of sales compared to products like the iPhone sold at mobile carriers. The end result is the iPad makes one of the most popular gifts, especially for children and teens. It is in retailers' best interest to have sales on iPads to appeal to customers and drive traffic into stores. Best Buy's iPad sale includes $100 or $125 off all models, except for iPad Pro. Meanwhile, Target's iPad sale includes $50 or $80 Target gift cards with the purchase of select iPad models.

No sales uniformity. Even though more than one retailer is having sizable discounts on Apple Watch and iPad, each retailer has slightly different promotions. Other retailers, like Wal-Mart, don't have any Apple product sales. This tells me that these promotions are not necessarily directed by a third party, but rather settled upon by each individual retailer.

What about other tech products? Other than Apple Watch and iPad, there are very few tech products that will sell in the same ballpark in terms of quantity and revenue. The only exception would be Fitbit, which unveiled a very extensive marketing campaign for its range of wearables with the company expecting to sell upwards of eight millions device this current quarter. While Microsoft was able to generate some much needed buzz with the Surface line of tablets, sales are still quite a bit lower than iPad-like revenues. Meanwhile, Amazon Kindles lack the growth and excitement of previous years.

The Strategy Behind Big Apple Sales

Best Buy and Target are discounting Apple Watches and iPads because they are confident those two products will be able to garner interest and buzz to generate increased foot traffic and page views. Only 2% of Target's sales originate from its website, with Best Buy seeing a bit larger percentage (10%). Accordingly, it is conceivable that these Apple product sales will drive traffic to stores. Given the competitive trends, being able to get a consumer to a store is becoming more difficult and expensive. Once in a store, Target can then do its job and sell additional product. It is a version of the milk and bread strategy where grocers place the milk and bread in the back corner of the store in order to get you to walk through all of the other aisles and items.

Retailers have long relied on this strategy to boost revenues, but it has taken on greater importance in recent years as competition intensifies. Electronics retailing in the hundreds of dollars represent the keystone of this strategy, especially in the November and December timeframe as people are willing to spend hundreds of dollars buying gifts for loved ones in addition to splurging on gifts for themselves.

Apple's Involvement with Sales

Similar to any consumer goods company, Apple has working relationships with its third-party retail partners. Unfortunately, when it comes to analysis, these relationships are cast in mystery as the details surrounding contracts are confidential. In addition, the information found in these contracts is often not known by many people and is rather bland, limiting the odds of leaks reaching the press since there is little interest in such details. Traditionally, companies compensate third-party retailers for selling their product by offering lower wholesale prices with a varying degree of built-in margin available to the retailer. This margin is dependent on a number of factors, including the amount of power each party holds in the relationship. Wal-Mart, for example, is well known for its ruthlessness when it comes to its suppliers, demanding low prices in return for significant purchase orders. There are also stipulations where companies can dictate how low a retailer can sell a product for with various incentives in place to have retailers follow such clauses.

When it comes to Apple's direct involvement with these Apple Watch and iPad sales at Best Buy and Target, the most likely scenario is that Apple is aware of and has signed off on such sales although much of the financial impact is carried by the third-party retailer. Why does Apple allow massive discounts on its products? Temporary discounts during peak shopping seasons of the year have little to no long-term negative consequences on branding. In fact, by embracing third-party sales while maintaining its own "no discount" policy at Apple Retail, Apple is further able to maintain its brand image. If Apple was providing significant kickbacks or compensation to these third-party retailers, such trends would appear in financial trends through the average selling price (ASP). This explains why Fitbit's ASP is well below the actual retail sales prices of its products. Fitbit provides retailers much better margins than compared to Apple.

Financial Implications

From Apple's perspective, what may end up being the most valuable long-term financial takeaway from these Apple product sales is increased brand relevance for Apple Watch. Apple has sold seven million Apple Watches to date, and I currently estimate Apple will sell another five million Apple Watches during the current quarter. This would suggest that Target and Best Buy have the potential to move upwards of one million Apple Watches this quarter, or $400-$500 million of Apple Watch revenue. This is not a trivial amount for Target and Best Buy and would certainly help offset weakness in other areas such as winter apparel. A very successful holiday quarter will help cap off a successful launch calendar year for Apple Watch with unit sales nearing 11 million. The product category would be well positioned for Apple Watch 2 in the first half of 2016.

For iPad, the iPad mini experiences strong sales each fourth quarter followed by a steady and dramatic drop-off in sales in subsequent quarters. I estimate Apple selling 17 million iPads during the current quarter which means Target and Best Buy could sell up to three or four million iPads, or another $1.3 to $1.7 billion dollars. Combining Apple Watch and iPad sales, these Best Buy and Target sales are likely worth at least $1.5 billion of revenue. When considering the additional product sales resulting from customers visiting stores in search of these Apple products, Best Buy and Target will likely bring in more than $2 billion of revenue this quarter related to Apple promotions. In the competitive retail landscape, discounting Apple products ends up being a worthwhile bet. Apple Inc. To Have A Huge Holiday Season Despite Supply Chain Weakness Apple stock has been dragged down by multiple reports of weakness within the iPhone maker s supply chain, and today there s yet another warning in Jabil Circuit s latest earnings report. However, there are signs that nearly every Christmas tree in the U.S. will have an Apple product under it as the company s devices are performing well on Amazon.

Apple products trending on Google

In a report dated Dec. 17, Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty noted that the iPhone holds the top position on Google Trends in the consumer electronics category. In fact, three of the top five products in that category on Google Trends were Apple products, while only one Apple product was among the top five consumer electronics products searches last year on Google.

Huberty reports that this year the iPad and Apple Watch climbed into the top five. The iPhone was again the top-ranked device, repeating its position last year. Searches for the Apple Watch have climbed throughout the year, rising from number eight last year up to number three. The iPad was in tenth place last year but this year landed in fourth place.

Also in Google Trends  consumer electronics top ten list, Samsung s Galaxy lineup took second, sixth and seventh place. Microsoft actually won a place in the top ten list this year as well with the Surface Pro 4 landing in tenth place.

Apple Watch and TVs the most-wanted gifts

Huberty also looked at data from IBM s Watson Trend, which includes data from social media posts, blogs, forums and product reviews relating to purchase decisions. Each day, Watson compiles and analyzes these conversations and assigns Trend Scores. In the Technology category, the Apple Watch received the highest score, and Huberty believes this could be because retailers have been offering discounts of $100 on the smartwatch for the holiday shopping season.

Watson Trend also predicts that TVs are hot gifts this year as Samsung, Sony and LG   three big TV brands   took second, third and fourth places.

Apple and supplier Jabil Circuit

Also this week, Jabil Circuit released its November quarter earnings results, which may suggest problems for Apple in spite of the Google Search and Watson Trend data regarding conversations about the company s devices. The earnings report comes on the heels of reduced guidance from another supplier, Dialog Semiconductors.

Stifel analyst Aaron Rakers noted in a report dated Dec. 16 that Jabil s guidance suggests a 14% year over year growth rate for its Diversified Manufacturing Services business, which is important for Apple because it is the segment s biggest customer. Rakers said this implies a sequential decline of 23% for the February quarter. Jabil management said seasonality is  a little bit steeper than normal,  said Rakers in his report.

For fiscal 2015, the iPhone maker accounted for 24% of Jabil s total revenue, an increase from last year s 18% and 2013 s 20%. This suggests that the company made up about 60% of the firm s Diversified Manufacturing Service business  revenue, which is up slightly from last year but down a bit from 2013. Rakers provided the following chart to demonstrate the correlation between iPhone and iPad shipments and Jabil s Diversified Manufacturing Services revenue.

As of this writing, shares of Apple were down 1.39% at $107.47 per share. 
2015-10-08
Refurbished and Clearance Get an Apple Gift Card for the value of your old computer.

The Apple Recycling Program offers you an environmentally responsible way to part with your old computer. Whether it s a Mac or a PC, working or nonworking, it doesn t matter. We ll take it and determine if it qualifies for reuse. If it does, that means your computer has monetary value that we ll apply toward an Apple Gift Card.1 You can use the gift card for purchases at apple.com or any Apple Store.2 If your computer doesn t qualify for reuse, we ll recycle it responsibly at no cost to you.3

Learn more Apple Recycling Program Apple outperforms Windows in struggling PC market The personal-computer industry is continuing a stark decline, according to two reports released Thursday, with one exception: Apple Inc.

International Data Corp. and Gartner tracked declines in PC shipments of 10.8% and 7.7% year-over-year in the third quarter, the analysis firms said in separate announcements Thursday afternoon. The drop in shipments occurred despite the launch of a new Microsoft Corp. MSFT, -0.43% operating system, Windows 10, which IDC said  had a minimal impact on shipments in the quarter. 

A manufacturer that does not use Windows seemed to perform better than others, however. Apple AAPL, -0.53% PC shipments increased 1.5% from the same quarter a year ago, Gartner reported, from 5.52 million to 5.6 million. With others declining, that pushed Apple s PC market share from 6.9% last year to 7.6%.

IDC said Apple shipments declined 3.4% year-over-year, from 5.51 million to 5.32 million, though that decline was still a better performance than the top two global manufacturers, Lenovo (down 4.9%) and Hewlett-Packard Inc. HPQ, +1.00% (down 5.5%). IDC and Gartner track PC shipments differently, thanks to varying treatment of devices like Chromebooks and tablet-PC hybrids.

Gartner

Gartner analyst Mikako Kitagawa credited Apple s performance in China and with back-to-school shoppers in the United States, saying,  We think that Apple gained quite a bit of market share in China. 

 The company has heavily invested in China in recent years, and 20 stores have been opened in just the last few years,  Kitagawa said in an email exchange.  We have seen Mac s strong growth in China, and (the third quarter) would not be an exception. 

Apple s performance in the United States was especially strong. Gartner said Apple s U.S. shipments increased 7.3% to 2.5 million, while IDC tracked a 1.6% improvement to 2.37 million.

 Apple continued to outperform other vendors, moving to No. 3 in the United States and boosting share globally as well as domestically,  IDC noted.

Apple derives the majority of its revenues from its iPhone smartphone, but sales of the company s line of Mac desktop and laptop computers have been growing while sales of the iPad tablet have declined. In the nine-month period ending June 27, Apple reported Mac sales of $18.6 billion, up 7% from the same period in 2013-2014; meanwhile, iPad revenue declined 24% in the same time frame.

IDC

Lenovo, H-P and Dell were all ahead of Apple in number of global shipments in the third quarter, both firms reported. While shipments for all three were mostly reported as declines   the only exception was Gartner reporting a 0.5% increase for Dell   those companies performed far better than smaller Windows-based manufacturers. Acer declined 19% in Gartner s tabulations and 25.9% in IDC s, and other manufacturers below Apple on the charts experienced double-digit-percentage declines as well.

While the PC industry as a whole has suffered, both tracking firms see optimism on the horizon.

 The PC market continues to contract as expected, but we remain optimistic about future shipments,  IDC s Jay Chou said Thursday.  While PC shipments will be hampered in the short run by the availability of a free upgrade to Windows 10, the improved PC experience across user segments should drive longer-term demand for new PC hardware that is expected to help stabilize the market in 2016 and beyond. 

Gartner predicted a bounce-back even earlier than next year.

 Soft recovery is expected to start in (the fourth quarter), as Windows 10 product refreshes start to appear,  Kitagawa said in Thursday s announcement. Kitagawa also noted that Gartner still sees annual PC shipments declining 7.2% this year, no change from previous statements. 
2015-03-31
Will Apple Inc. Soon Compete Head-to-Head With Gaming Consoles? In March, rumors of a new Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) TV streaming service and revamped version of the device itself took center stage in tech news. Much of the media attention focused on a likely attempt by Apple to disrupt cable as we know it as content providers transition to Internet-based models with Time Warner and HBO leading the way. But what about gaming? With the rumored set top box supposedly including the first third-party Apple app store targeting television, will the company aim to disrupt the entire gaming market?

How Apple could compete with PC and console gaming

Apple is not new to gaming. Games are rampant in its iOS app store, from simple titles like Flappy Bird to graphics-intensive games like Game of Thrones.

If an Apple TV app store becomes as attractive to developers as its app store for iPhones and iPads, the company could quickly become a leading platform for games built for television.

And keep in mind we are not talking about the Apple TV we know today with the addition of an app store. If BuzzFeed's "sources familiar with the company's plans" are correct, this new version of Apple TV will be "a significant overhaul of the device":

As for the new Apple TV box itself, expect an updated design and new innards: the company's latest A8 system-on-chip -- or a variant of it: [sic] a dramatic increase in on-board storage to accommodate app -- well beyond the 8GB in the current device; and an improved operating system that will support Siri voice control of Apple TV, and enable it remotely for a selection of Homekit-enabled home automation devices, as earlier reports have suggested. Presumably it will also feature a new remote.

Just how big is the opportunity?

In a note to investors on Monday (via AppleInsider), JPMorgan analyst Rod Hall said he was bullish on Apple TV, citing a $35 billion market for gaming software in the combined PC and console market. Hall explained that a 10% share of this gaming market could increase the company's bottom line by 1.5%.

Hall also noted that if rumors are true that Apple TV innards will get an overhaul, a foray into graphics- intensive gaming is realistic.

Neil Hughes, a writer for AppleInsider, paraphrased Hall:

The analyst noted that the A8X chip found in the iPad Air 2 is capable of near PlayStation 3 quality graphics. If Apple were to use that processor to power a next-generation Apple TV, the company could make a formidable splash and compete with the likes of Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo in the long-standing console market.

With CEO Tim Cook ending the habit of referring to the Apple TV as a hobby last year, hinting that it is now taking the market seriously, a concerted effort to disrupt cable with more Netflix-like offerings and gaming with an Apple third party app platform for TV seems likely. And given that the last time Apple updated its Apple TV hardware was March 2012, the set top box is due for an update anyway -- not to mention that the current UI is seriously behind the times. Why Doesn't Warren Buffett Own Apple Inc.? When considering aspects such as competitive strength, fundamental quality, and valuation, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock looks like a nice fit for Warren Buffett's portfolio. However, Apple isn't a Warren Buffett stock, and the Oracle of Omaha has publicly stated that he won't invest in the company. Why is it that Buffett won't take a bite of Apple?

The case for Apple as a Warren Buffett stock

Warren Buffett is all about competitive strengths, and brands can be one of the most powerful sources of competitive advantage. Apple is the most valuable brand in the world, according to both Interbrand and the Forbes brand ranking. This competitive differentiation is allowing the company to truly crush the competition when it comes to sales and profit.

The business is doing great from a financial point of view. Sales grew 30% during the last quarter, and Apple produced nearly $30.5 billion in free cash flow over the period. Apple holds nearly $178 billion in cash and investments on its balance sheet, so its financial strength is unquestionable.

All this comes for a very reasonable price: Apple trades at a P/E ratio of 16.7, a discount versus the average valuation for companies in the S&P index, in the neighborhood of 19.5. Valuation is certainly no reason to stay away from Apple stock. If anything, the price tag looks quite attractive.

Warren Buffett has traditionally avoided tech companies, but he did make a big investment in IBM (NYSE:IBM) in 2011. While IBM stock has delivered uninspiring returns since then, Buffett hasn't lost his faith in Big Blue. Far from it: He even bought more IBM stock in the fourth quarter of 2014.

What does IBM have that Apple doesn't that lured Buffett to invest in one but not the other?

Warren Buffett on Apple and Google

In May 2012, Buffett was asked about his opinion on Apple and Google, and whether he would buy either of these two companies. Buffett said he believes that both Apple and Google offer substantial upside potential in the long term but that he wouldn't invest in them. In his own words: "I would not be at all surprised to see them be worth a lot more money 10 years from now, but I would not buy either one of them. ... [I] wouldn't short them, either."

Buffett was quite clear that he feels more confident when it comes to a company like IBM than when trying to evaluate Apple or Google: "The chances of being way wrong in IBM are probably less, at least for us, than the chances of being way wrong in Google or Apple. ... I just don't know how to value them."

Change and innovation as a double-edged sword

It's important to note that Buffett isn't saying IBM will necessarily do better than Apple over the coming years, only that he feels more confident in his ability to analyze the business and its long-term prospects.

Considering IBM's trajectory over the decades, its deep relationships with corporate customers, and its diversified global presence in different business areas, the company stands out as a particularly solid investment in the tech industry. In a sense, IBM is a services company as much as a tech business.

When it comes to Apple, things are very different. Its competitive advantages and financial strength are unquestionable, but the company needs to permanently innovate to sustain growth.

Buffett doesn't like change. In his 1987 letter to shareholders, he wrote, "Experience, however, indicates that the best business returns are usually achieved by companies that are doing something quite similar today to what they were doing five or 10 years ago."

The iPhone didn't exist until 2007, yet the product generates more than 50% of Apple's revenue. In fact, when excluding the iPhone from Apple's performance in the last quarter, sales would have declined year over year.

Apple was a very different company 10 years ago, and chances are it will go through many big changes in the coming 10 years. Innovation can create extraordinary opportunities for growth and profitability, but it can also be a major source of risk. That's the kind of risk that Warren Buffett doesn't like taking. Apple: Becoming A Semiconductor Powerhouse  Apple Sold $2 Billion Worth Of iPhones Into Samsung's User Base Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) happily reported that it sold 74.5 million iPhones during the fourth quarter, but there's one stat the company never talks about: how many iPhones were sold to former Android customers.

Apple may not have that number, but market research firm Phoenix Marketing International has an estimate.

"Samsung was selling a lot of large-screen phones into the Apple user base," Leon Majors, senior vice president at Phoenix, told Benzinga. "Apple has reversed that and sold, in my estimation, $2 billion worth of large screen phones into Samsung's user base."

Majors, whose firm released a new study about Apple Pay, said that the battle with SAMSUNG ELECT LTD(F) (OTC: SSNLF) isn't about mobile payments.

"It's about smartphone market share for large screen cell phones," he said. "To me, that's the reason why Samsung bought LoopPay. They needed to react to the payment side, but it was really because there's a war going on in the smartphone footprint between Apple and Samsung in that screen format. That's what it was about. The rest of it is marketing."

Related Link: Expert: 50% Of New iPhone Buyers Will Adopt Apple Pay Within 2 Years

High Adoption Rates

Phoenix surveyed 3,002 credit cardholders and found that 11 percent had linked at least one payment card to Apple Pay. Greg Weed, director of card research at Phoenix, broke it down even further. He said that two out of three iPhone 6 and 6 Plus users had linked a payment card to Apple Pay, and most of those consumers ended up using the feature.

"The Apple Pay users are really quite positive about Apple Pay despite any problems they may have run into," Weed told Benzinga. "They [think of] Apple Pay [as] a reflection of the image they want to project in terms of being cool. It's got a style component that can't be overlooked."

Of those who use Apple Pay, more than half said that they had asked retailers if they accepted the solution. Weed believes this is an important element in encouraging retailers to adopt Apple Pay.

Big Results, Bigger Reactions

Majors said that Apple Pay, which launched last fall, was "sucking all the air out of the room," which forced others to react.

"Samsung reacted [and] purchased LoopPay," he said. "They're not bringing out LoopPay as LoopPay. They're modifying it, building it into the phone and making it a different experience. It's not the standard LoopPay. They couldn't allow the Apple Pay challenge to go unanswered much longer because it literally was sucking all the air out of the room."

Majors said that PayPal (which acquired Paydiant) might have preferred to stay quiet until after its split from eBay Inc (NASDAQ: EBAY) had been completed.

"But again, all the air was leaving the room," said Majors. "Google has to react because 50 percent of the market is Android. Are they not gonna have a reaction? Samsung is trying to protect its part of the turf. Google is trying to protect its Android turf in total, so they had to react."

Phoenix plans to complete six tracking studies this year to keep an eye on the mobile payment space and its impact on smartphone sales.

"Apple Pay is wonderful, but none of it Apple invented," said Majors. "It's marketing and packaging of all the technologies and features that they've put together. It's all these battles and positioning between these behemoth cell phone providers that is driving this battle. If Apple can take a cut of the payment system while they're doing it, that's gravy. But the battle is about the smartphone world."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Apple Pay Greg Weed Leon MajorsAnalyst Color Top Stories Exclusives Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple CEO Tim Cook is forging an unusual path as a social activist Tim Cook runs the world's most valuable company. Now he's making his mark as an outspoken social activist.

The Apple chief executive, 54, penned a sharply worded opinion piece that ran Sunday in which he condemned a slew of "pro-discrimination" legislation pending in several states. The so-called religious objection bills would allow people to legally discriminate against others, such as by citing their personal religious beliefs to refuse service to a customer.

The nearly 100 bills, he concluded, were bad for business and bad for human rights in general.

"These bills rationalize injustice," Cook said in the 550-word piece in the Washington Post. "They go against the very principles our nation was founded on, and they have the potential to undo decades of progress toward greater equality."

In a big departure from predecessor Steve Jobs and other Silicon Valley CEOs, Cook has increasingly been using his prominent position to shed light on social issues close to his heart. In guest columns and speeches, he has repeatedly denounced racism, discrimination against gays and other instances of inequality.

In October, Cook made headlines around the world when he came out as gay in Bloomberg Businessweek, saying: "I consider being gay among the greatest gifts God has given me."

He has been thinking more about philanthropy as well, revealing in a Fortune interview last week that he would give away all of his wealth after paying for his nephew's college education.

Although Cook has been sharing his personal beliefs, he has also brought Apple into the conversation. In his weekend op-ed, he made clear that he was speaking "on behalf of Apple."

"Apple is open. Open to everyone, regardless of where they come from, what they look like, how they worship or who they love," he said.

Cook is forging an unusual path for a tech CEO. Longtime industry watchers note that it can be difficult for business executives to express their views without alienating customers, particularly those who want their iPhones without a side of social justice.

"A tech leader has to be careful how aggressive they get on social issues, given the fact that their job is more to run the company," said Tim Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies. "Having said that, I think it is a responsibility of a business leader, as it is for any public citizen, if they see something that they believe is wrong to speak up."

Cook wants others to speak up too. Acknowledging that such moves take courage, he said he was writing "in the hopes that many more will join this movement."

Historically, technology companies have shied away from such issues. During the 1980s and much of the 1990s, Bajarin said, tech leaders "were very cautious of making any kind of public statement outside of their comfort zones."

"The reason was, they were very reluctant to get on the radar of Washington," he said. "They did not want government intervention in the tech sector. They wanted to be left alone."

Apple itself was one of them.

"I never saw Steve Jobs take a position like this   he avoided this stuff like the plague," said Rob Enderle, principal analyst at Enderle Group. "It wasn't his thing. He felt the company was there to build products and that's what they're focused on and the rest was just noise."

Said Bajarin: "It's definitely a change from the Steve Jobs days. It's highly unlikely that Steve would have been this public about his position, but that would just be his nature   it wouldn't mean that Steve wouldn't have similar beliefs."

But with Cook taking a stand, others   particularly in liberal Silicon Valley   may very well follow suit.

Even before Cook's weekend op-ed, Salesforce.com founder Marc Benioff blasted the state of Indiana for signing into law a controversial bill that allows business owners to refuse to serve gays if doing so would violate their religious beliefs.

"We are forced to dramatically reduce our investment in IN based on our employee's & customer's outrage over the Religious Freedom Bill," Benioff tweeted Wednesday.

That was followed a few days later by an announcement from Indianapolis-based Angie's List that it would halt its campus expansion plans in Indiana to protest the law.

"Angie's List is open to all and discriminates against none and we are hugely disappointed in what this bill represents," said Bill Oesterle, chief executive of the business reviews site.

Yelp's CEO, Jeremy Stoppelman, also tweeted an open letter to states considering so-called discrimination laws.

"These laws set a terrible precedent that will likely harm the broader economic health of the states where they have been adopted, the businesses currently operating in those states and, most importantly, the consumers who could be victimized under these laws," Stoppelman wrote.

Cook has frequently turned to social media to share his views, recently tweeting about the Indiana bill, Selma, Abraham Lincoln and Georgia congressman John Lewis in addition to Apple-focused tweets.

What Cook is doing "takes a lot of guts" because, from a business perspective, there is some risk to speaking out, Enderle said.

"It's not like people are going to buy more of your products if you're doing this," he said. "So not a lot of upside, a lot of potential downside   but it's still the right thing to do. So this is one of those things where the right thing and the economically prudent thing may be in conflict."

andrea.chang@latimes.com

Twitter: @byandreachang 
2015-07-29
Apple Inc.'s New MacBook Looks Like a Winner Earlier this year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduced its new MacBook. The new device was generally praised in the press for its industrial design, thickness and weight, and high quality display. However, the device wasn't without criticism; Engadget -- which was generally positive on the device -- criticized the new MacBook's touchpad, the inclusion of just one USB Type-C port, and the fact that the device "can get warm on the bottom."

Despite the device's faults, though, comments made by Apple CEO Tim Cook on the company's most recent earnings call suggest that the new MacBook is proving to be a commercial success.

The new MacBook apparently drove growth

In Apple's second fiscal quarter, the company saw its Mac unit shipments grow by 10% year-over-year, although revenue grew just 2%. This would seem to imply that Apple stimulated unit shipment growth by offering products at lower price points.

However, in the company's third quarter, it saw both revenue and units grow by 9% year-over-year, suggesting that the company saw average selling prices hold steady as unit shipments grew.

According to Cook, the Mac growth in the company's Mac business during its third fiscal quarter was "fueled by great response to [Apple's] new MacBook" and that the company is "working hard to catch up to customer demand."

In other words, it seems that the new MacBook is a commercial success for Apple.

Is the new MacBook truly the future of the notebook?

It's hard to ignore the apparent parallels between the original MacBook Air launch in early 2008 and the new MacBook launch in early 2015. Both devices were "radical" reinventions of the laptop, and both were controversial as they removed features that were standard in mainstream laptops.

In the Air's case, the "shocker" seems to have been the removal of the optical drive; in the new MacBook's case, it appears to have been the controversial decision to include just a single USB Type-C port.

However, as investors are well aware, the broader consumer notebook market has seen a significant shift toward MacBook Air-style machines over the last few years as consumers seemingly value thinner and lighter notebooks.

It's too soon to tell whether the new MacBook represents what will be the dominant notebook form factor going forward, but I do think that this form factor is here to stay for the long-haul.

Could a shift to devices such as the new MacBook shorten PC upgrade cycles?

PC processor vendor Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) believes that the overall PC market will decline at a "high-single digit" percentage rate in 2015. There are several popular hypotheses out there as to why the PC market seems to be declining, with one of them being that the PC refresh cycle has simply lengthened as their PCs remain "good enough" for longer.

If the market does shift to MacBook-style notebooks, then this could help shorten the PC upgrade cycle as these systems generally feature much weaker processors than those found in MacBook Air-class and MacBook Pro-class systems.

A reasonable counterargument to that, though, is the fact that the market shifted from using processors that consumed 35 watts of power to processors that consume 15-watts (such as the chips found in the current MacBook Air) and this doesn't seem to have helped the industry much.

Apple is still in the driver's seat with respect to the PC market

With respect to Apple, it is clear that the company is executing very well in the PC market. Its Mac OS operating system is widely praised, its system average selling prices are likely substantially above industry average, and it seems to be gaining market share.

Apple still seems well positioned to substantially outperform its peers in the PC market, which might mean growth in Mac shipments and revenue in the coming years even if the industry at large continues to contract. Apple, Inc. Takes a Different Strategy With Apple Watch Although products receive the majority of discussion, one of the hidden strengths of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been its successful retail operation. Earlier this year, data firm eMarketer found that Apple extended its lead in the highly watched metric of sales per square foot, beating out retailer heavyweights Tiffany & Co., Michael Kors, and Lululemon Athletica.

Last year, eMarketer found that the company reported $4,551 in sales per square foot, followed by No. 2 Tiffany at $3,043. This year, Apple increased that figure to nearly $4,800 -- a gain of nearly 5.5% -- while Tiffany's number grew just 3% to $3,132. For Apple, sales of its wildly popular iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus iterations have helped grow its retail sales.

Last year, Apple made a rather high-profile hire when it lured Angela Ahrendts from luxury fashion company Burberry and paid her $70 million in stock grants. And as the earlier figures demonstrate, she's clearly had some successes executing on Tim Cook's mission to sell more products through Apple Stores. For the Apple Watch, however, Ahrendts' sales strategy has been muddled, as the company's recently installed preorder system led to delays and poorly informed customers.

Apple's partnering with Best Buy

This week, electronics retailer Best Buy released a corporate memo announcing its deal to become the first national retailer, outside of Apple, to carry the Apple Watch. Starting on Aug. 7, 100 stores will carry the watch, with a total of 300 carrying the device by the holiday season. For those looking to own the top-of-the-line Apple Watch Edition model, however, you'll have to still go to the Apple Store to buy the unit, as Best Buy will carry only the low- and mid-range Sport and Watch models.

For Apple, there's obviously a trade-off here. On one hand, Apple should increase sales, at least incrementally, by having more distribution outlets. And that's a positive for Apple going into the seasonally heavy holiday season. On the other hand, however, this seems antithetical to Apple's existing Watch rollout, in which the company appeared to want to control the purchasing experience and build upon its retail-sales-per-square-foot figure.

Compared with Apple's last new product, the iPad, which was initially available at "select Apple Authorized Retailers," versus Ahrendts' plans for a tightly controlled and tailored experience through Apple's retail channels only, partnering with Best Buy feels like a change in strategy.

For Apple investors, does it really matter?

To be fair, Apple partners with Best Buy with its host of products and even employs a "brand store" (essentially a store-within-a-store concept) at the big-box retailer. In addition, Cook was rather sanguine about the watch's prospects and mentioned that sales picked up once the watch was available in its stores. So from Apple's standpoint, the limiter of Apple Watch sales appears to be supply, not demand. Even if the company is modifying its tightly regulated, experience-focused sales strategy for its watch, this should not be a major factor in watch sales.

However, while increasing outlets does nothing to solve Apple's supply problem, it does hint toward the fact that Apple is more confident about its supply issues. I doubt Cook would open up sales to third parties while struggling to properly stock Apple's own retail stores. That said, let's remember that Apple Watches are almost immaterial to the company's overall financial performance. The company is mostly an iPhone-driven company and will continue to be so for the immediate future. Apple Inc. v. Smartflash LLC: Covered Business Patents Jurisdiction Continues ... Friday, July 31, 2015

In three parallel decisions, the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (PTAB or Board) determined that patents directed to validating payment and then granting access to data were eligible for covered business method (CBM) review and were more likely than not directed to patent-ineligible subject matter. Apple Inc. v. Smartflash LLC, CBM2015-00028 (PTAB May 28, 2015) (Elluru, APJ), CBM2015-00029 (PTAB May 28, 2015) (Elluru, APJ), CBM2015-00031 (PTAB May 28, 2015) (Anderson, APJ).

The challenged patents are directed to data piracy, prevention, i.e., to the prevention of internet users making proprietary data such as music available over the internet without authorization. The patents address this problem using portable storage for storing the proprietary data and restricting access to the data until a computer can validate payment. The portable data-storage device receives payment information from the internet, verifies that information, downloads the proprietary data into the data-storage device and then allows the user to access to the data from a mobile device. The patents explain that the physical implementation of the invention is not important. Instead, the specification explaining that the heart of the invention is restricting access to data based on validation of payment.

The Board first determined that the patents were eligible for CBM review. To be eligible for CBM review, the patent must be used in the operation of a  financial product or service  and not qualify for the  technological invention  exception. (See IP Update, Vol. 18, No. 6.) The Board determined that the patents satisfied the  financial product or service  requirement because the patents performed the financial service of restricting access to content based on payment data, an activity that is financial in nature. The Board reasoned that the  financial product or service  requirement was not so narrow as to require that the patents relate to technology used in the financial or banking industry. The  financial product or service  requirement merely requires that the patented activity be  financial in nature. 

The Board also determined that the asserted patents were not directed to  technological inventions.  The patents merely recited non-novel and obvious technological features, such as  nonvolatile data memory  and  standard smart cards.  The patents also admitted that their novelty related to controlling access to data, not any specific improvement of software or hardware. The Board reasoned that the patents addressed not a technological problem but a business problem, data privacy. The patents were therefore eligible for CBM review.

Turning to subject-matter eligibility, the Board determined that the patents were more likely than not directed to patent-ineligible subject matter. Under the Supreme Court decision in Alice (IP Update, Vol. 17, No. 7) in order to determine whether a patent is directed to patent-eligible subject matter requires a two-step inquiry: whether the patent is drawn to a patent-ineligible concept, such as an abstract idea; and whether the claims recite an  inventive concept  that ensures that the patent amounts to significantly more than a patent pre-empting the abstract idea itself. Looking at the first step, the Board determined that the patents were directed to the abstract idea of restricting access to data based on validation of payment. Next, the Board determined that the patents likely did not contain an inventive concept. The recited computer functions   receiving,   reading  and  displaying  were all purely conventional functions performable on a generic computer. The Board therefore preliminary concluded that the patent claims were more likely than not unpatentable under   101 and instituted CBM review. Apple dives into SoMa for first big SF real estate grab  
2015-12-06
Why Did Apple Inc. Buy This "Star Wars"-Related Company? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently acquired Faceshift, a Zurich-based developer of motion-capture software that lets 3D-animated characters mimic an actor's facial expressions. The company's technology was used in the latest Star Wars film, and can be live-streamed into the Unity game engine for VR environments.

The terms of the deal weren't disclosed, but most of Faceshift's Swiss employees are now working for Apple. Apple didn't discuss its reasons for buying Faceshift, but the acquisition strongly suggests that the company is beefing up for an expansion into the augmented and virtual reality markets.

Analyzing Apple's AR and VR trail

Two years ago, Apple acquired PrimeSense, which designed the motion sensors for Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) first Xbox Kinect. It then filed numerous VR (virtual reality) and AR (augmented reality) patents, including one for an iPhone-powered VR headset and another for a pair of smartglasses similar to Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Glass. Other patents suggest that Apple wants to put an AR overlay over Apple Maps to digitally measure distances and mark locations.

This March, Apple acquired AR start-up Metaio. Metaio's technology powers AR apps like Audi's digital owners manual, which identifies car parts with a camera, and IKEA's virtual catalog, which digitally places furniture into a user's living room. Metaio also holds dozens of VR-related patents. That same month, Piper Jaffray claimed that Apple had assembled a special R&D team for AR hardware. In November, the company promoted Apple Music with a 360-degree U2 music video that can be viewed through Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) Oculus headsets.

How does Faceshift complement these moves?

Buying Faceshift is an interesting move that could have interesting applications in the AR and VR markets. For example, Apple could integrate the technology into FaceTime and let users stream their facial expressions and voices to virtual avatars. Apple could open the API to developers and let them integrate Faceshift features directly into iOS games.

Over the past year, Facebook and Google have been trying to blur the lines between real-world objects and virtual reality. Facebook recently demonstrated how two people in different rooms could play ping pong in virtual reality. Google's Project Tango digitizes real people and objects into computerized 3D ones, so that people can actually "touch" virtual versions of real-world objects.

Although Facebook and Google generally aren't considered Apple's allies, combining Faceshift's facial recognition with Facebook and Google's spatial recognition could produce some incredible AR/VR demos.



Apple isn't usually the first mover

Facebook and Google are both trying to generate more mainstream awareness for VR apps. Facebook recently introduced 360-degree videos that can be navigated by rotating a mobile device. Its Oculus Rift, which is scheduled to arrive next year, could be a popular accessory for hardcore gamers. Google is encouraging users to make their own Cardboard headsets to experience VR apps and 360-degree YouTube videos.

On the AR front, Google refuses to give up on Google Glass, its AR play, which flopped due to its awkward appearance and privacy issues. It also invested in Magic Leap, a start-up that produces AR content that can be projected onto real-world surfaces. Meanwhile, Microsoft plans to dive into the deep end of the AR market with HoloLens. Initial demos for the HoloLens are impressive, but the developer kit costs a whopping $3,000.

Apple, on the other hand, usually doesn't expand into fledgling markets that are still struggling to find their feet. It usually lets other companies test the waters, then disrupts the market with a device that addresses the shortcomings of older products. That's what Apple is likely doing right now -- collecting the tech, patents, and talent while waiting for the market to develop.

Possibilities beyond AR and VR

While Faceshift's face-tracking technology could be used for AR and VR applications, it could also be used for new features using facial recognition to unlock your phone or to improve the iPhone camera's ability to read emotions and smiles. Apple could also license the technology to game studios to create games.

But for now, investors shouldn't jump to conclusions about recent acquisitions like Metaio and Faceshift. Instead, they should focus on how these acquisitions might help Apple eventually expand into these markets in the near future. 
2015-12-17
No, Apple Inc is Probably Not Gearing Up to Buy Tesla Motors Inc. A recent research note from FBR & Co. tech analyst Daniel Ives has Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) investors all atwitter. The note contained the names of four respectable companies apparently on Apple's short list of large-scale acquisitions for the near future. But when it comes to one of those names on the list, pricey auto giant Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA), a blockbuster Apple buy probably won't happen for a variety of reasons.

Tune in as Motley Fool analysts Sean O'Reilly and Dylan Lewis dive in to a discussion about the current status of Tesla, and why it's probably not a good fit for Apple.

A full transcript follows the video.

This podcast was recorded on Dec. 11, 2015.

Dylan Lewis: And so the second one on that list, Tesla, market capital of $30 billion, current price-to-sales of 7.5. Sean, you know the industrials and car manufacturing space a little bit better than I do. You want to take this one?

Sean O'Reilly: I do. Currently not profitable. Tesla, as you mentioned, has a market capital of about 30, it's actually $29 billion. This is, this $30 billion market cap has made everyone's favorite Iron Man-like billionaire, Elon Musk, put him on the Forbes list with a net worth of 8, 9, $10 billion all basically on the backs of the success of the Model S, which, of course, has actually broken all records in terms of quality by Car and Driver. They got the first perfect rating. And future growth, and this relates to one, the Model X, which is going to come out next year, and that's got those hip, cool falcon-wing doors. Have you ever seen those?

Lewis: No, no.

O'Reilly: I'm going to show you photos later, and you're just, you know, like, what? Like, supposedly, it saves space. Anybody that's curious go to Google Images, type in Tesla Model X, and you'll see what I'm talking about. It also protects you from the rain.

And really, the big enchilada is actually not a big enchilada at all; it's actually rather small. It's their smaller version, and it's going to be the Model 3. It's going to come out in 2017. We'll get to see a model of it next year, and it's going to be priced at about $35,000 -- which is surprisingly reasonable for a Tesla.

Lewis: Yeah, by their standards, that's, like, mid-market.

O'Reilly: Like, yeah, and it's $35,000. Believe it or not, analysts are surprisingly bullish on the potential profits we had with the release of the mass-market Model 3. I couldn't believe this, and you're a shareholder, correct me if I'm wrong.

Lewis: I am, yeah.

O'Reilly: So you tell me if you buy into this. But they're supposed to earn $8, $9 per share by 2019. Wow.

Lewis: It's ambitious.

O'Reilly: What?

Lewis: I'd love to see it.

O'Reilly: OK. This, Elon Musk is supposedly going to take a less active role once the Model 3 is out there and rolling. If the company were to be sold, it would actually be after that point. Given Musk's actual lack of interest in actually making money, which sounds crazy for a billionaire, I just don't see this happening.

Lewis: Yeah, I think it's a tough sell for a lot of reasons. I mean, you look at market capital alone, so they're currently trading somewhere, they'll give them, like, a $30 billion market cap. You think about the premium that Apple would have to pay on top of that to be able to take the shares off the market.

O'Reilly: It'd be crazy.

Lewis: It'd be crazy.

O'Reilly: We're talking 50, 60 billion, I don't know.

Lewis: Yeah, easily. And another thing to keep in mind here is the margin profile for the automotive industry is totally different than the margin profile for consumer tech, right?

O'Reilly: On top of that, Apple's already designing their own car, supposedly. So I don't know, would they just buy it for the technology, which is arguably awesome? I don't know.

Lewis: Yeah. And the speculation with the Apple car is, do they want to get into the actual nuts and bolts of making cars, or do they just want to provide the in-car platform that people would use?

O'Reilly: And then partner.

Lewis: We just don't really know what those ambitions look like. But again, they have their own initiative in place, and Tesla would be an extremely expensive acquisition for them.

O'Reilly: You hear all those rumors, too, about Tesla stealing employees from Apple all the time.

Lewis: Like, "Hi, guys, we just bought you."

O'Reilly: Welcome back.

Lewis: "Oh, there's Jim again, look at that."

O'Reilly: Not likely, but fun to think about. Apple Inc. Highlights Online Course Created by IT, College of Nursing Apple Inc. has put a spotlight on an online course created by Information Technology (IT) and the College of Nursing to help educators learn whether students understand what they were taught.

 Assessing student learning with iPads  is available on iTunes U, a section of iTunes dedicated to providing educational materials.

Apple s education experts selected and highlighted the self-paced course under the category, Formative Assessment, which is the pedagogical term for determining whether students really understand what you teach them. This is the only material in that category that is provided by a college or university.

Alyson Gill, associate provost for instructional innovation, noted,  The decision by Apple to include this course as their only higher ed resource in their Formative Assessment category not only underscores the innovation that is being done through the College of Nursing s iPad initiative, but also establishes the University of Massachusetts Amherst as a leader in iTunes U assessment offerings. We anticipate building on these offerings in the future across multiple disciplines as we promote instructional innovation more widely across campus. 

Fred Zinn, associate director of academic computing, said,  We produced three courses for Nursing on how to teach with iPads, and this is one of them. 

To see  Assessing student learning with iPads,  click here, connect to the iTunes Store, then scroll down the page to "Courses."

As part of an iPad pilot in the College of Nursing, all students are required to have iPads. The iTunes U courses can be viewed on other platforms, but only on iPads do courses update automatically if there are changes.

 We learned how to produce these courses then used them to teach the nursing faculty,  Zinn said.

He said the iPad is a valuable tool, but not an automatic choice in all cases.  We look at the challenge that s presented in the classroom and if iPads are appropriate, then we use them,  he said.

UMass Amherst currently has four public courses on the free section of iTunes U. Three were developed for the nursing curriculum:  Classroom uses with iPads,   Managing student work with iPads  and  Assessing student learning with iPads,  all developed by the Instructional Media Lab (IML) with the College of Nursing.

The fourth class is  Trauma informed principles,  developed by IT and the Center for Women and Community to guide faculty and event-planners dealing with people who have suffered trauma, such as veterans with PTSD and victims of assault.

The Instructional Media Lab is located in the Du Bois Library where staff and graduate consultants assist faculty with, among other things, using the iTunes U site.  We work with faculty to help them transform their teaching with technology,  Zinn said.

Any higher education institution can post on the iTunes U site, Zinn said.  We are our own curators. 

There is no charge for the University to post materials on the iTunes U site. Apple's Tim Cook Fills Key Role He Once Played for Steve Jobs Apple Inc. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has found an executive to fill the role he once played for Steve Jobs.

Cook today announced that Jeff Williams will be promoted to the position of chief operations officer, a job that has been vacant since Cook became Apple s CEO in 2011. The appointment was part of several management changes at the world s most valuable company, including the elevation of a top engineer who has been in charge of designing chips that are at the heart of the iPhone and iPad.

Williams, who joined Apple in 1998, has been one of Cook s most trusted deputies and has seen his role expand over the past five years. In addition to managing Apple s vast supply chain, Cook turned to him to oversee the release of Apple Watch earlier this year. Williams also vets potential acquisitions, coordinates with Foxconn Technology Group and other manufacturers, and oversees the logistics needed to get millions of devices from Asian factories to stores around the world.

He s also very similar to Cook in demeanor: soft-spoken, an avid fitness buff and has a vivid memory for operational details. Both men have MBAs from Duke University and spent early parts of their careers at IBM. Williams has been called "Tim Cook s Tim Cook."

Chip Importance

As part of the management shuffle, Johny Srouji was promoted to senior vice president for hardware technologies, and Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing, will take on leadership of the App Store, the company said in a statement. Advertising executive Tor Myhren, currently chief creative officer at Grey Worldwide, will join Apple next year as vice president of marketing communications to head Apple s advertising efforts -- responsibilities that Schiller will be relinquishing.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The promotion of Srouji is a testament to the widening importance of chip making to Apple. Srouji joined Apple in 2008 and led the development of the A4 chip, which went on to power iPads and a generation of iPhones. Heralded by the Haaretz newspaper as the highest-ranking Israeli in Silicon Valley, Srouji previously held senior positions at Intel Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. He s a graduate of Technion, Israel s Institute of Technology.

Srouji also oversees technologies such as batteries, application processors, sensors and other internal components that are critical to the iPhone and iPad. Apple has been investing heavily in semiconductors and unlike many other handset makers, it designs its own chips instead of buying whatever the latest product is from outside suppliers.

The management moves point to a potential line of succession at Apple. When Cook was in the role now filled by Williams, he stepped in as the interim CEO when Jobs had to take medical leave to battle cancer. Apple declined to comment on succession, but has said in the past that it has a plan in place and that different members of its executive team could step in.

 These strategic moves fit like a glove as Apple needed to fill the COO vacancy heading into a pivotal 2016,  said Daniel Ives, managing director at FBR Capital Markets.  They really need to boost that bench behind Cook. 

The appointments come at a critical time for Apple. The iPhone, which accounts for 66 percent of its sales and has been experiencing years of strong growth, is now showing signs of slowing down. Analysts in recent days have been lowering their sales forecasts amid weaker-than-expected demand. 
2015-10-29
Apple Inc. Expects to Spend an Incredible $15 Billion in Capital Expenditures ... Over the past half decade or so, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) capital spending has utterly skyrocketed. We're talking about unprecedented levels of investment by the Mac maker, predominantly in manufacturing process equipment, product tooling, and other infrastructure required to make products.

After releasing earnings on Tuesday, the company has now filed its 10-K annual report with the SEC. Here's what Apple says in the filing about how much it expects to spend on capital expenditures in fiscal 2016:

The Company's capital expenditures were $11.2 billion during 2015. The Company anticipates utilizing approximately $15.0 billion for capital expenditures during 2016, which includes product tooling and manufacturing process equipment; data centers; corporate facilities and infrastructure, including information systems hardware, software and enhancements; and retail store facilities.

That's an unreal figure for a company that makes consumer electronics.

Hey, big spender

For some added perspective, here's how Apple's actual capital expenditures have been over the past few years compared to its guidance.

The biggest jump was from 2011 to 2012 when capital spending jumped to above $10 billion, which was a fair amount more than the $8 billion that Apple had expected to spend. It was a slight reprieve when 2013 spending came in $3 billion less than forecast, though. But the trend is clear; Apple is committed to ongoing advances in manufacturing technologies that push the envelope. This often differentiates Apple's products and allows the iPhone maker to go where the vast majority of rivals can't follow -- because they simply can't afford to.

Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) is perhaps the only company that has the scale to even consider it. Samsung has an immense capital spending budget as well, but the South Korean conglomerate needs to allocate most of this toward its semiconductor manufacturing operations. That being said, Samsung just announced that it would boost capital expenditures related to phones after mobile profits failed to meet expectations last quarter. After losing high-end smartphone share to Apple, the company is desperately trying to win some back by investing in higher-quality devices. Samsung now expects full-year capital expenditures to be $24 billion.

What's next?

Much (digital) ink has been spilled over Apple's foreign cash reserves. But even though all that money is effectively locked overseas by high repatriation taxes doesn't mean it can't be put to good use. Since most of Apple's contract manufacturing partners are located abroad and it installs its manufacturing equipment within their facilities, Apple gets to tap its foreign reserves for this purpose.

In fact, the technical criteria that a company must make to keep earnings abroad is that the funds are "intended to be indefinitely reinvested." Sure, that's a technicality and it amounts to a judgment call by management, since Apple doesn't actually need nearly $187 billion in foreign cash for this reason in practice, but it's allowed the discretion.

Just think about how capital expenditures might skyrocket even further in the years to come if Apple Car becomes a reality. Even if it outsources some of the manufacturing process, Apple will still probably purchase and own the equipment if it uses a similar manufacturing model. Quite literally, Apple uses rocket science to implement aerospace-grade techniques on desktop computers.

What kind of stuff do you think it would put into a self-driving electric car? More importantly, how much will it cost? Apple Inc. Forecasting a Huge Boost in Capital Expenditures During 2016 Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) invests very heavily in capital expenditures to support its business. The company's capital expenses go toward, according to the company's most recent 10-K filing with the SEC:

Product tooling and manufacturing process equipment

Data centers

Corporate facilities and infrastructure (i.e., computers, software, and retail store facilities)

Over the years, as the company's business has expanded, so too have its capital expenditures. Let's take a look at how the company's capital expenditures have trended over the last several years, and what it might mean for the company's future business outlook.

The capex story so far

In the table below, I have included Apple's capital expenditures by year beginning in 2011:

Year Capex ($billion) Capex Ex-Retail ($billion) 2011 4.6 4 2012 10.5 9.5 2013 7.0 6.5 2014 11.0 10.5 2015 11.2 N/A 2016 (projected) 15.0 N/A

Apple saw a pretty substantial boost in capital expenditures beginning in 2012, followed by a decline in 2013, followed by two years of capital expenditures in excess of $11 billion. The company is also projecting a nearly $4 billion year-over-year boost in capital expenditures for 2016.

What could this capex boost mean?

Given that the majority of Apple's capital expenditures go toward product tooling and manufacturing process equipment, the big step up in capex for 2016 suggests the company plans to spend significantly more on the equipment used to build its products.

Keep in mind that there is typically a "lag" between when capex is spent, and when those assets actually become productive. So, for example, capex spent in a given year is most likely in support of the demand that the company expects to service in the following year.

It's also worth pointing out that there probably isn't a 1-to-1 correlation between the amount of capex spent and the number of units capex can support. This is because newer products are often more complex to build, meaning the amount of capex required on a per-unit basis goes up.

Also keep in mind that Apple has continued to boost the number of products in its lineup, with perhaps the most high-profile of these introductions being the Apple Watch. Given that the Apple Watch seems to be off to a solid start, and given that management seems bullish on the future of this product, it wouldn't be surprising if the company were putting in significant incremental Apple Watch production capacity to support the demand it expects to see in 2017.

At any rate, I believe the big boost in 2016 capex is indicative of the following:

Increased per-unit capital intensity for the products Apple expects to ship during the majority of 2017.

A significant increase in overall unit shipments in 2017.

Apple seems to be bullish on its future, but remember that capex isn't set in stone

Apple's current 2016 capital expenditure forecast signals that the company is bullish on its near-term future, but keep in mind that this is just a forecast, not a number that's set in stone. Based on the demand Apple sees throughout the year, the company may adjust its capital expenditures either upwards or downwards.

I'll be keeping an eye out for any revisions to this forecast over the coming quarters, which the company will disclose in its quarterly filings with the SEC. Who is buying Apple products? Old men. Thank you, grandpa Joe. You're Apple's best customer -- in terms of how much you spend.

Men aged 65 and older spent more on Apple devices than any other demographic group in the United States last year, according to Slice Intelligence, which tracks online shopping data.

That group, though not even one-quarter of all Apple customers, spent $976 online on average per person on iGadgets.

They outspent the young female demographic by more than $400. (Women 25 to 34 spent the least out of all the age groups. See correction below.)

Men far outspent women in every age category by about $200 to $300.

So what's with older men spending so much on Apple products?

"It's a great feat that [Apple] is appealing across the board," said Jaimee Minney, head of marketing at Slice.

Minney says that the trend is an indication that Apple products are "getting in the hands of people on the late side of the adoption curve," while still remaining very popular with their core customer base -- younger, tech enthusiasts.

There are a few theories about why this is happening.

"Older people might be new to Apple," Minney said. "They haven't bought as much stuff."

Another possible reason: Older customers are buying Apple products to give as gifts.

Here's who's buying what at Apple (AAPL, Tech30), according to Slice:

-- A higher percentage of customers who buy the iPhone, Macbook Air, Macbook Pro, and Apple TV are between the ages of 25 and 34.

-- Seniors 65 and older, and people between 35 and 44, are the biggest of iPad customers.

-- And those who are 35 to 44 made up the highest percentage of Apple Watch sales.

-- The largest percentage of Apple Music customers are 25- to 34-years-old.

-- Households with an income level between $35,000 and $50,000 spent the least.

-- But, amazingly, households with an income level under $15,000 spent about as much as households with an income level between $125,000 and $150,000.

Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated the percentage of customers who are 65 and older and the age group of women who spent the least on Apple products. Apple Inc Shares: A Ticking Timebomb for 'Myopic' Investors Adnaan Ahmad at Berenberg Bank has torn into those investors who fail to recognise that the marketplace is saturated with iPhones.

In Apple s results call yesterday, CEO Tim Cook said those sweet words that Apple bulls wanted to hear:  iPhone units will grow yoy in FQ116 .

The Apple Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL) share price reacted positively with the stock gapping higher at open and trending higher to close at 119.27.

AAPL shares are now near their 2015 best.

"It is incredible how myopic the market is being with respect to Apple. As we have stated for a while, the big question about Apple is: is it ex-growth?" questions Berenberg Bank's Adnaan Ahmad.

And the answer to that question is all about the iPhone.

"Yes, we know that Apple has more weeks in China and a later launch of its new 6S products that can aid FQ1 numbers but affect FQ2 negatively, but the bigger concern is market saturation in the smartphone space in general and in the high end in particular," argues Ahmad.

On valuation, the question is asked how much more share can Apple really gain with an ASP at $670?

Apple s ASPs have been going up as Androids have been heading south given price competition.

"Surely Apple cannot live in a bubble or vacuum ad infinitum? And given where we are with respect to  feature set saturation  (ie large screens and high megapixel cameras), how much real differentiation is there for a better hardware product?" questions Ahmad.

Berenberg note with interest that the latest Nexus device is being pushed by Huawei, which is the biggest share gainer in 2015 with a targeted 100m units to be shipped this year, of which at least one-third will be over $300.

"Now, we do not think Apple is going to face big competition in the US from Huawei, but in China, like Apple, Huawei volumes are up by over 80% yoy," notes Ahmad.

Berenberg's contention is that Samsung, Huawei, Xiao-Mi and the rest of China Inc, as well as local vendors in India and other countries, will limit further market share gains for Apple.

Ahmad has looked at where growth could come from in coming quarters and notes that China accounts for 70% of growth, but China's slowing growth profile could soon become a concern.

Apple accounts for 80% of high-end handset sales in China, an outright dominance that Nokia too once enjoyed in Chinese and Indian markets.

"The issue boils down to the same as it has over the past few years: Apple relies on the iPhone for over 85% of its operating profit. It is a one-product company, and this product has run out of steam or will do very soon," says Ahmad.

All Apple s attempts to hedge this product have essentially failed   the Watch has been a disaster relative to lofty expectations: on our estimates, all else equal, Watch sales went up by around 800,000 q0q; Music, Pay and TV did not move the needle.

Valuation

Berenberg believe that looing at the Apple share price is about the tech law of large numbers, which is why the bulls are hanging onto the iCar.

The issue there is that if reports are true, the iCar will not be launched any time before 2019/2020.

"So what is going to happen to Apple between 2016 and 2019? If we look at consensus estimates for the next few years, we see that mystical $10 in earnings number out there. People are saying it is cheap at $114, it is on 11x earnings with $150bn in net cash," notes the Berenberg analyst.

We remember similar  it is cheap  debates   with Nokia, for examples, bulls were focusing on  1 in earnings power, or with RIMM, when the stock was $35, the shout was  it is on 5x earnings .

"Well, those earnings never materialised, and we do not think they will for Apple either! We value Apple on a PE basis and think that the stock is worth 10x our FY16 estimate," says Ahmad. If you own Apple Inc. Stock, you are betting By Jared Dillian

  Read more.

Back when I was in business school, the PC manufacturers were go-go football stocks. Bull market, dude.

There was Dell, Hewlett-Packard, Compaq, and Gateway, which used to sell its computers in a Holstein cow-pattern box. Apple was making Macs but had a much smaller market share than it does today.

Business mags like Fortune and Forbes fawned over Michael Dell how he had achieved this  mass customization  ideal in his manufacturing process.

You could pick out what kind of processor you wanted, what kind of hard drive, what kind of monitor, plus a few other options, and your tailor-made computer showed up at your doorstep in four to five days.

Eventually, though, commoditization replaced customization, PC margins went to zero, and that was the end of that.

Today, it s hard to imagine the PC business any other way. Nobody puts a lot of thought into what kind of PC they are going to get. They re all the same. Now people call their PC a  box  and the PC manufacturers  box-makers.  Like, there is no value added at all.

Dell went private. HP and Compaq merged, defensively. Gateway is gone. The idea that PCs were ever a growth business for anyone is crazy  right?

And yet we have these smartphones now, extremely powerful devices that are essentially miniature computers.

If You Own Apple Stock Today 

Innovation in the smartphone business has been very rapid, though it has slowed down in recent years, and the latest changes have been incremental. Apple s 40% margins aren t sustainable.

On the other hand, Apple has managed to keep its margins persistently high in every product line, from iPods to iMacs to iPhones partly because of superior design, partly because of superior marketing. They have turned the phone into a status symbol.

If you own Apple stock, you are betting that:

Apple will maintain or even increase its already huge market share in smartphones.

Nobody will ever build a better mousetrap.

The smartphone will resist the commoditization that has happened to pretty much every piece of technology.

Seems to me like there s only one way for things to go right and lots of ways for things to go wrong.

I have no position and no particular axe to grind. While I don t think the stock is especially overvalued, that doesn t mean it can t go down.

Besides, phones are different from computers. With the way wireless plans work in the US, people don t bear the economic cost of the phone, at least not all at once. So the pricing pressure isn t there like it was with PCs, which went from $2,000 to $600-$800 in the span of a few years.

But Apple has very much turned into a one-trick pony (60% of revenue comes from handsets) whose margins are perhaps not as bulletproof as we think. A $700 billion market cap rests on the existence of these margins.

The point here is, if you own this stock, directly or indirectly, to make you uncomfortable.

I probably wouldn t short it, though. It s hard to break an ankle jumping off a pizza box.

Clever Business Strategy But Is It Clever Enough?

In any industry, there is usually only one Walmart. There isn t room for two firms like that to survive.

In luxury goods, it s different. There are 25-30 major brands of Swiss watches, and they each carve out a profitable existence.

Apple gets to have it both ways. They mass-produce a luxury good and make luxury company margins. That s how they got a market cap of almost a trillion dollars. Very difficult to pull off. But they did it.

I have an iPhone. I have had the last few iterations, along with all the iOS updates. It is essentially the same phone. Let s be truthful Apple is not truly innovating at this point, just tinkering around the margins.

Staying on top is hard. But there is always the car!



Jared Dillian

If you enjoyed Jared s article, you can sign up for The 10th Man, a free weekly letter, at mauldineconomics.com. Follow Jared on Twitter @dailydirtnap Apple Inc asks U.S. Supreme Court to toss e-books antitrust decision - Reuters  
2015-04-05
Will Microsoft Corporation's 2-in-1 Windows Tablets Crush Apple Inc.'s iPad? Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) presence in the tablet market could grow dramatically over the next five years, according to research firm IDC.

This year, IDC expects sales of Windows tablets and 2-in-1 devices to soar 41% annually and account for 7% of the global tablet market. By 2019, IDC believes that Microsoft and its partners will claim 14% of that market with 38 million shipments worldwide.

By comparison, IDC expects Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPad shipments to slip 5% this year to 60.1 million units and rise moderately to 61.9 million units in 2019. However, investors should note that IDC's track record of predicting long-term iPad sales hasn't been top notch. Back in late 2012, it claimed that Apple could sell over 140 million iPads in 2016.

But if Microsoft's share of the tablet market keeps rising as iPad sales remain stagnant, could it disrupt the tablet market dominated by iPads and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android tablets?

Bridging the gap between PCs and tablets

The iPad's weakest market is the enterprise one. iPads can run mobile versions of Office and other productivity apps, but they can't run older Windows software natively.

Therefore, businesses looking to upgrade their aging laptops and desktops are more inclined to buy a Windows 2-in-1 device, like the Surface Pro 3, instead of an iPad. That's part of why Surface sales rose 24% year over year last quarter to $1.1 billion. Meanwhile, Apple's iPad revenue fell 22% year over year last quarter to $9 billion.

The iPad faces four key challenges. First, it can't match the productivity and backward compatibility of Windows 2-in-1 devices. Second, it faces a flood of cheap Android tablets designed for web browsing, media consumption, and gaming. Meanwhile, many iPad owners are holding onto "good enough" iPads and refusing to upgrade. Lastly, Apple is cannibalizing iPad Mini sales with the iPhone 6 Plus.

Apple is reportedly trying to tap into demand for productivity tablets with the long-rumored 12.9" iPad Pro, but it won't likely address the main issue of backward PC compatibility.

Shielded from the slowdown

Since Windows 2-in-1 devices "bridge the gap" between PCs and tablets, they remain insulated from the slowdowns in both markets. IDC expects PC shipments to fall 4.9% this year, while tablet shipments are only expected to rise 2.1%. By comparison, tablet sales rose 52.5% in 2013 and 4.4% in 2014. That slowdown indicates that demand for slate tablets like the iPad has peaked.

IDC analyst Jitesh Ubrani noted that Microsoft's projected double-digit growth in the tablet market will mostly come from 2-in-1 devices instead of slate tablets. Speaking to Computerworld, Ubrani acknowledged that Windows 10 on slate tablets might bring some Microsoft loyalists back from iOS and Android, but that the growth "will be almost all in 2-in-1s."

That growth will be fueled by Microsoft and its OEM partners, such as Acer, Asus, and Lenovo, who are all searching for ways to offset sluggish demand for traditional laptops and desktops. Those competing devices might dent Surface sales, but Microsoft still wins through license fees and ecosystem growth.

One OS to rule them all

Over the past year, Microsoft has pursued a strategy that values market growth over profit. It made Windows licenses free for phone and small tablet manufacturers, then slashed laptop license fees to help OEMs compete against Google's Chromebooks.

Microsoft also bundled free trials of Office 365 and OneDrive with those devices to grow its productivity ecosystem. It also wove together its app stores to create "universal apps" which can run across phones, tablets, PCs, and Xbox Ones.

Microsoft also launched cheaper smartphones to capture first-time smartphone buyers in emerging markets, signed a partnership with Samsung to bring Microsoft apps to its Android devices, and is experimenting with a ROM to let users install Windows Phone on Android devices.

All those decisions pave the way for the launch of Windows 10, which will be a free upgrade for non-enterprise users on phones, tablets, and PCs within the first year.

Why Windows tablets matter

Microsoft knows that it dropped the ball with Windows Phone, which accounts for less than 3% of the global smartphone market today, according to IDC. That's why it's now leveraging its strength in the PC market, where over 90% of devices run Windows, to launch a "universal" OS which connects its phone, tablet, and console markets.

Windows 2-in-1 devices play a key role in this strategy, since they are considered a more practical upgrade for business users who rely on legacy software. As the market for media-consuming slate tablets plateaus, that enterprise appeal could help Microsoft-powered 2-in-1 devices gain lots of ground against Apple and Google in the mobile market. Apple's Music Strategy Looks Increasingly Risky  Will Microsoft Corporation Cede This $14 Billion Market to Apple Inc. and ... Last April, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) unveiled Windows In The Car, a conceptual infotainment platform to compete against Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) CarPlay and Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android Auto. Like those two products, Windows In The Car mirrored a smartphone's display onto a dashboard, but it added Cortana as a co-driver.

Over the past year, automakers have unveiled new cars equipped with CarPlay and Android Auto. Ferrari's FF became the first CarPlay vehicle last September, and Hyundai's 2015 Sonata will feature CarPlay and Android Auto connectivity later this year.

However, we've heard nothing new about Windows In The Car. The closest Windows Phone users can get to that experience is synchronizing Cortana to an infotainment system with Bluetooth. Is Microsoft surrendering this market to Apple and Google, or will it launch a new version of Windows In The Car with Windows 10 later this year?

The business of connected cars

By 2020, 90% of cars worldwide will be connected to the Internet, according to Telefonica. The most popular OS for connected cars is BlackBerry's (NASDAQ:BBRY) QNX, an embedded OS that powers as much as 70% of connected vehicles worldwide. The remaining vehicles mostly run on Microsoft's Windows Embedded Automotive.

Auto manufacturers design their own infotainment operating systems that run on top of QNX or Windows Embedded. Apple's CarPlay and Android Auto also run on top of QNX. Therefore, CarPlay and Android Auto aren't technically operating systems -- they're simply driver-facing apps that "hook" onto QNX to mirror a smartphone's display onto the dashboard.

Overlapping communication standards

Meanwhile, there are three main communication standards for mirroring phone displays onto a QNX or Windows-powered infotainment system. Microsoft backs MirrorLink, a universal mirroring standard for Android, Windows Phone, and BlackBerry devices. iOS devices are not compatible. MirrorLink backers belong to a group of companies known as the Car Connectivity Consortium (CCC).

Meanwhile, Google and Apple established more exclusionary standards of their own. Google established the Open Automotive Alliance (OAA) for Android Auto, while Apple made CarPlay exclusive to iOS devices. Because of Google and Apple's near duopoly in the smartphone market, OAA and CarPlay became more popular, although many automakers support all three standards.

So, where does that leave Microsoft?

When Microsoft unveiled the concept for Windows In The Car, there were two big problems. First, it ran on MirrorLink, a standard that was losing ground to OAA and CarPlay. Second, the platform presumably ran on top of Windows Embedded, which was losing ground to QNX. Ford notably replaced Windows Embedded with QNX in its Ford and Lincoln vehicles last year in response to reports of software crashes.

Therefore, for Microsoft to make progress against Android Auto and CarPlay, it would have to launch a more universal solution compatible with QNX and OAA standards. This would make it easier for automakers to add Windows Phone compatibility as a third mirroring option.

It's about ecosystem growth

The in-car infotainment market could grow at a CAGR of 12.1% to $14.4 billion between 2011 and 2016, according to research company Markets and Markets. However, most of that revenue will go to hardware and software companies like Pioneer, Alpine, Intel, and Nuance Communications.

For Microsoft, Google, and Apple, expanding into the connected car market is all about ecosystem growth. All three companies intend to tether their mobile devices to the larger Internet of Things (IoT) market, which consists of connected cars, smart homes, and wearable devices. For example, data gathered from a user's travel habits could prove useful for crafting targeted ads.

In my opinion, Microsoft put Windows In The Car on the back burner because of the upcoming launch of Windows 10. Since Windows 10 can be scaled up and down across phones, tablets, and PCs, it might be more effectively mirrored to a dashboard than the conceptual version.

The connected road ahead

As CarPlay and Android Auto reach more cars later this year, Windows Phone users could be left out in the cold. That would just be another reason -- in addition to a lack of NFC mobile payment solutions and compatible smartwatches -- to avoid Windows Phones altogether. 
2015-08-15
New iPhone Launch: Big Choices Ahead for Apple, Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) enthusiasts have been trained for the past few years to anticipate new iPhones in the fall. As of last week, Apple watchers now have a specific date: Apple is expected to debut its next-generation iPhones on September 9.

The rumor mill went to work months ago trying to figure out what to expect in the latest and greatest iPhones -- expected to be called the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus. Most observers expect that Apple will incorporate its "Force Touch" technology in the new iPhones. Hardware upgrades will likely include a higher-resolution camera, an increase from 1GB to 2GB of RAM, and a faster processor. Apple may also introduce a new "Rose Gold" color option.

But while the changes at the top of Apple's iPhone lineup have been widely discussed, it's much less clear how Apple will fill out the lower price tiers for the coming year. Apple's choices in this regard could have a big impact on the company's fiscal 2016 financial results.

No clear precedent

A few years ago, Apple had a clear formula for filling the lower-price tiers of its iPhone lineup. The 16GB version of the newest iPhone would be sold for $199 with a two-year contract in the U.S. (or $649 off-contract). The prior-year model would be $100 cheaper, while the model from two years earlier -- equipped with only 8GB of storage -- would be free with a two-year contract or $449 off-contract.

However, Apple broke this precedent two years ago. Instead of dropping the price of the iPhone 5 by $100 to take over the mid-tier price point, Apple instead introduced the iPhone 5c in that spot. The 5c was very similar to the iPhone 5 in terms of hardware specs, but had a plastic case, making it cheaper to manufacture.

Apple further complicated matters last year by adding the iPhone 6 Plus to the mix, priced at $299 with a two-year contract in the U.S. This widened the iPhone lineup from three devices to four.

The traditional approach

Apple has a lot of options for what to do with the lower portion of its iPhone pricing hierarchy. However, there are a few key variations that investors should watch out for.

A "traditional" approach would involve dropping the prices of the iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus by $100 each. For people still using subsidized phone plans, the cost of the base-memory configurations would be the following:

Model Price (With Two-Year Contract) iPhone 5s Free iPhone 6 $99 iPhone 6 Plus $199 iPhone 6s $199 iPhone 6s Plus $299

This iPhone lineup would probably be ideal for maximizing unit sales. By dropping the prices of the extremely popular iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple may be able to stimulate demand among more price-sensitive consumers.

The downside to this strategy is that the discounted iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus might cannibalize the new iPhone models. That could hurt Apple's profit margin by shifting the iPhone sales mix away from the priciest models.

The minimalist update

At the opposite end of the spectrum, Apple could make minimal changes to its iPhone product lineup for the coming year. In this scenario, it would discontinue the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus rather than sell them at a discount. They would be replaced by the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus, while the smaller iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c would remain as value options at their current prices.

While this would be an unusual move for Apple, it wouldn't be totally unprecedented. In the fall of 2012, Apple discontinued the third-generation iPad, replacing it with a new version featuring a faster processor. But the iPad 2 stayed at its $399 starting price as the entry-level full-size iPad.

If Apple goes in this direction, this is what its iPhone lineup would look like next year:

Model Price (With Two-Year Contract) iPhone 5c Free iPhone 5s $99 iPhone 6s $199 iPhone 6s Plus $299

This strategy would be much better for Apple's gross margin than the "traditional" approach. Since the iPhone 5c and iPhone 5s are already two years old, leaving them as the value options might push more people to opt for the pricier and more profitable iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus.

On the flip side, the lack of compelling options at lower price points might drive some value-minded consumers to buy mid-range Android devices instead. Many analysts already doubt that Apple will post significant growth in iPhone sales next year, and adopting a margin-preservation strategy like this would probably make matters worse.

The "2013" strategy

A third noteworthy path that Apple could follow would be to use plastic as a differentiator, as it did in 2013. The only difference from the "traditional" approach is that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus would be replaced with plastic-cased versions of themselves: perhaps called the iPhone 6c and iPhone 6c Plus.

That would create the following iPhone lineup:

Model Price (With Two-Year Contract) iPhone 5s Free iPhone 6c $99 iPhone 6c Plus $199 iPhone 6s $199 iPhone 6s Plus $299

This potential lineup might offer the best of both worlds. The iPhone 6c and iPhone 6c Plus would be roughly comparable to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, respectively, including Apple Pay functionality. They would still be good tools to attract more price-conscious consumers looking for large-screen phones, which could help boost Apple's sales.

At the same time, moving to a plastic casing would reduce manufacturing costs. That would mitigate the potential gross margin pressure caused by people trading down from the top-of-the-line iPhone models.

Which way will Apple go?

In addition to the three major scenarios laid out here, there are other possibilities for how Apple will tweak its iPhone lineup. For example, it could drop the price of the iPhone 6 but discontinue the iPhone 6 Plus, forcing people to pay up for a $299 iPhone 6s Plus if they want the largest screen size.

Alternatively, Apple could discontinue the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus (as in the second scenario) but introduce a new 4" phone as the iPhone 6c at the $99 on-contract price point. A 4" iPhone 6c with better specs than the iPhone 5s and Apple Pay functionality would probably sell better than leaving the iPhone 5s at its mid-range price.

I think Apple is likely to err on the side of driving unit sales growth at the expense of profit margin. CEO Tim Cook has repeatedly said that he doesn't worry about Apple cannibalizing its own products. As a result, I think that there will be some iPhone 6 version at the $99 price point, though whether there will be a price-reduced 5.5" phablet is less clear.

We will find out in just a few short weeks which way Apple decided to go. Its choices about the next iPhone lineup could have a big impact on Apple's revenue growth and profit margin in the coming year. 
2015-09-30
Strategist: If You Can Get Short Apple, 'By All Means' Do It Serge Berger is a weekly guest on #PreMarket Prep, a daily trading idea radio show hosted by Joel Elconin and Dennis Dick.

Though outperforming this year, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has slid 15 percent since its mid-July high, more than the Nasdaq.

The Steady Trader Head Trader and Investment Strategist Serge Berger suggested that traders inclined to go short the stock could do so.

Berger recommended that traders keep an eye on the 50-day moving average (just below $113) as an area where price should be constrained to.

Strategist Serge Berger suggested that traders would not be wrong to short shares of Apple, although he recommended the stock is better as a day trade than position. That's because the stock is "choppy," but is constrained within a nice range.

"If you can get short this stock, by all means," Berger said as he gave his blessing.

However, for Berger, the stock is more of a proxy for the Nasdaq Index or PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (ETF) (NASDAQ: QQQ). Apple comprises roughly 15 percent of the Nasdaq's modified capitalization-weighted index.

Berger said that on Friday, Apple started to break down at the same time that the Nasdaq had a "horrendous outside day." After Monday and Tuesday's trading, Berger's prediction that "none of these things are holding up" seemed to be reaffirmed.

In the past five days, Apple shares have dipped nearly 4 percent.

Posted-In: NASDAQ Serge Berger The Steady TraderLong Ideas Short Ideas Exclusives Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Mizuho Doesn't See Apple Watch Moving The Needle Anytime Soon Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) shares have declined 12.42 percent in the past three months, reaching a low of $103.12 on August 24.

(NASDAQ: AAPL) shares have declined 12.42 percent in the past three months, reaching a low of $103.12 on August 24. Mizuho s Abhey Lamba has maintained a Neutral rating and price target of $125 on the company.

Mizuho s recent watch survey showed that Apple Watch was still in the early days of market penetration and was likely to have only a limited impact on the company s performance in the near term.

Analyst Abhey Lamba also said that the survey revealed that  Apple has strong mindshare among consumers but it seems that they are likely to wait for the next generation to purchase. Additionally, price points need to move lower for the watch adoption to increase. 

Related Link: Will The iPhone Launch Boost The Stock Market?

The survey revealed that current iOS users showed the highest interest levels in the smart watch category, although Apple Watch also showed meaningful mindshare among non-iOS platforms as well, despite other platform having limited synergies with the smartwatch.

 The survey results showed consumer purchase intentions mostly beyond the nine month period. Given that this is a nascent category, we think vendors such as Apple will require multiple iterations of the product to realize momentum in consumer adoption,  the Mizuho report stated.

Lamba also expressed concern regarding the performance of Apple s stock, against a backdrop of tough compares.  The company could post growth in iPhone shipments in the Dec quarter but it could be hard to grow units for the entire iPhone 6s cycle,  Lamba added.

Image credit: Apple

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Abhey Lamba Apple Watch Mizuho SecuritiesAnalyst Color Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-01-12
Apple Signs Lease for about 12K Square Feet in Cambridge In September, Scott Kirsner reported that Apple Inc. would be expanding its Cambridge team and leasing a larger office at the One Broadway building (home of the Cambridge Innovation Center) in Kendall Square to do work on its Siri speech recognition technology.

Via Colliers International

Now the company s signed lease filing has been obtained and disclosed by Curt Woodward at Xconomy, we know that Apple has leased nearly 11,500 square feet of space, and is moving from the 5th floor to the 13th floor of the building.

As per Xconomy s estimates, if you assume that each employee will get 175 square feet of space, that would mean there s enough room for about 65 employees.

While that s still small compared to the staffs at Microsoft and Google, each of which employ 800 or more employees in Cambridge, Apple does boast top speech-recognition talent in its office such as former staff from Nuance Communications, which provides the software that enables Siri.

Additionally, Kirsner noted that Apple has also recently hired employees from Amazon, BBN Technologies and Actifio.

Image of Apple Logo via Shutterstock. The Stability Of Apple's 'App Economy' Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) last week came out with the numbers for its 2014 App Store sales. The company proclaimed of having generated $10 billion in revenues for developers through its App Store and creation of over 620,000 jobs in United States alone due to the iOS ecosystem.

Smartling CEO Jack Welde,was on Bloomberg Friday to discuss the  app economy  created by Apple and its stability.

"The $25 billion that has been generated through the Apple App Store is an extraordinary number," Welde said. "That 50 percent growth from about $10 billion to $15 billion between 2013 and 2014 really implies that the app economy is real, and when you consider the fact that about a million people a day will log on to the Internet for the very first time and it's probably on a smartphone, it's probably on a mobile device. That implies there is an extraordinary global opportunity out there."

What About Apple's 'Real' Stores?

"I see Apple opening stores in China in places where they have a huge user base and I think it's going to be important that companies and brands can reach consumers where they are," Welde said. "One of the nice things about smartphone apps and mobile apps is that your users are literally at their fingertips every single day interacting with your brand, but the more that you can bring something like an Apple Store directly to your customers and give people that face-to-face genius bar support, the better off you are going to be."

Is App Development A Stable Job?

"Yeah, it's absolutely a stable job. I would say that the demand for high quality developers is extremely important and it is a global phenomena."

Posted-In: Bloomberg Jack Welde SmartlingCNBC Tech Media

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-03-03
Apple to hire own security and put them on payroll Apple CEO Tim Cook speaks during an Apple special event on Oct. 16, 2014, in Cupertino, Calif. (Photo: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)

Apple plans to bring many of its security staff onto the payroll, another move that suggests Silicon Valley aims to address issues of inequality.

After a year-long review, the company says it will be hiring full-time employees to handle security at its Cupertino, Calif., headquarters. "We've decided to directly hire a number of key onsite security roles for Apple's Silicon Valley operations, which are currently contract positions," said Apple spokeswoman Kristin Huguet in a statement.

"We will be hiring a large number of full-time people to handle our day-to-day security needs," she said. "We hope that virtually all of these positions will be filled by employees from our current security vendor, and we're working closely with them on this process."

Apple would not release how many employees would make up the security staff, but the staffing will include all the guards and workers who patrol the campus. The security employees will get similar benefits and perks that all Apple employees get, Huguet said in an interview.

This follows similar action by Google, which in October announced that it would bring its own security guards on staff.

United Service Workers West, a Calif.-based affiliate of the Service Employees International Union, had pressured Google and Apple to hire its own workers rather than use contractor Security Industry Specialists. The union protested at Apple headquarters in December.

Both moves come after extensive coverage from USA TODAY about the growing inequality, and tough working conditions, for service workers in Silicon Valley.

In other recent action, shuttle drivers for Apple and five other Silicon Valley firms including eBay and Yahoo voted Friday to join Teamsters Local 853. The union had already organized the Facebook shuttle bus drivers, which recently approved a contract negotiated by the union and Loop Transportation, the contractor that supplies drivers who ferry Facebook employees to and from work.

Apple and Google's security employment decisions, along with the movement to unionize the shuttle drivers, suggests "a new climate for working people in Silicon Valley where they can negotiate for better wages, health care and fair working conditions," said the Rev. Jesse Jackson in a statement.

While Apple and many of the Silicon Valley tech giants have workforces that are not diverse, the service workers at those companies are often minorities. Jackson, through his Rainbow PUSH Coalition, has pushed to close the racial gap in high tech.

Apple CEO Tim Cook met with Jackson in December. Apple's move today is a commitment that Cook made at the time, "and for that we are grateful," Jackson said via telephone from Selma, Ala., in preparation for the 50th anniversary of the voting rights marches there.

"In some sense what is happening in Silicon Valley coincides wonderfully with what is happening here in Alabama," he said, noting that the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. had also fought for worker empowerment as well as voting rights.

"This whole idea of the income gap and the wealthiest corporations beginning to work on empowering workers and their families. That is a major step in the right direction."

Jackson plans to attend Apple's shareholder meeting next week and plans to raise the idea that "when there is inclusion, everybody wins," he said.

"These workers are more able to buy a house, to send a child to school, more able to have their health funded, and to me that is the growth that we need," Jackson said. "I think Tim Cook has made a step in that direction."

Follow Mike Snider on Twitter: @MikeSnider

Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ACHHzm 
2015-07-30
Are Strong Dollar Fears Overblown For Apple? For US based exporters, a strengthening dollar has the effect of reducing the US dollar value of foreign currency-denominated sales and earnings unless the firm hedges its foreign exchange exposure effectively. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) does hedge effectively. For shareholders, this means that there is no indirect exposure to exchange risk. In other words, the informed investor who is aware of the risks to Apple's future cash flows can rest assured that a strengthening dollar should not threaten returns. We expect that the impact on shareholder returns due to a strengthening dollar will be minimal. To see why this is true, we first review Apple's sophisticated hedging strategies before moving to a quantitative study determining the sensitivity of share returns to a US dollar index.

Apple's Forex Risks to Operations:

Apple is a net receiver of currencies other than the U.S dollar. A strengthening dollar will negatively impact foreign currency denominated revenue. As stated in annual and quarterly reports, such a scenario generally causes AAPL to increase its international pricing to compensate for lost revenue and to maintain strong margins. This may lead to a decrease in demand for its products as consumers switch to lower cost alternatives or postpone upgrades. Alternatively, should Apple choose not to raise prices, foreign revenue figures reported in dollars will suffer.

Overview of Pricing and Hedging Policies:

Apple minimizes the impact of currency fluctuation through hedging practices and the flexible pricing of its products.

As foreign currencies weaken versus the dollar, Apple will increase its international pricing to compensate for the lost revenue. In Q1 2015, Apple raised its prices on both its devices and services in Canada, Europe, Australia and Japan in response to the strengthening US dollar. The price hikes have little impact on the demand for iPhones, which represent 69% of Q1 revenue and continue to grow around the world as demand continues to outpace supply.

Apple also hedges a portion of its FX exposure for a period of up to 12 months. As of March 28th 2015, Apple had foreign exchange derivative contracts amounting to a notional value of $63.341 billion. This is in contrast to foreign non-Chinese revenue for the previous six-month period totaling $47.760 billion (36% of total revenue). This figure excludes revenue from Greater China since the Yuan is a managed floating exchange rate trading in a tight band versus the dollar.

Sensitivity Analysis:

To test whether Apple's shares had any sensitivity to the strength of the US dollar, we considered 10 years of weekly returns. We used closing prices for 536 weeks starting on April 1, 2005, and ending on July 3, 2015. Apple shares were normalized for dividends, stock splits and other events. We analyzed the logarithmic returns of Apple's shares over a 10-year period. We did not omit any data, thus any fluctuations in returns included both market expectations and surprises. Apple is a global company. Its earnings and expenses originate from many geographic regions with widely varying currencies. As a measure of the US dollar's strength, we used Bloomberg's BBDXY index which tracks the US dollar versus a basket of 10 leading global currencies.

We used the following model to explain the returns on Apple shares:

Here aapl t , spx t , and bbdxy t are the log-returns on AAPL, the S&P 500 and the USD index, respectively. Since the VIX corresponds to the implied volatility of the S&P 500, of which Apple is a member, we used its levels to compute the implied variance of the S&P 500 to help explain the variance of AAPL. For consistency, we calculated the logarithmic differences of the S&P 500's implied variance over the period. The logarithmic changes in the S&P 500's variance are represented by vix t . The AR(3) and MA(3) are third-order autoregressive and moving average processes.

So does the US dollar's strength affect AAPL returns? No. We performed a likelihood ratio test for an alternative model to that of the above equation where we omitted the returns on the US dollar index. As the figure below shows, it is extremely unlikely that the US dollar index returns explain AAPL returns (p>0.8). Since a model for AAPL returns with and without the inclusion of US dollar index returns are statistically indistinguishable, we must conclude that AAPL returns are not explained by the strength of the US dollar.

Limitations of the model:

Some readers might object to the quantitative analysis we performed so we feel it is best to address these concerns immediately. Some will claim that Apple's latest quarterly report had some nasty surprises. Fundamentalists will look at this 10-Q, form an opinion on the future of Apple's profitability, and act upon it. We don't disagree with this approach. In fact, we rely on the efficiency of the market - of investors acting on all known public information. To eliminate shocks to returns stemming from the market correcting its valuation of Apple after the release of new information, we considered weekly returns. Of course, we assumed that informed investors act within a week of new information coming out. This had the effect of smoothing out the shocks due to large intraday and intraweek moves in share price. What remains was the longer-term returns that were driven by the economic fundamentals - strong earnings, the macroeconomic environment and overall market performance.

But what of Apple's changing product line? What of the changing competitive landscape? To this we answer that the astute reader will have noticed that our analysis of returns began in 2005. Two thousand five! Apple had just partnered up to produce the "World's First Mobile Phone with iTunes." The ROKR would enable "music lovers to transfer up to 100 [!] of their favourite songs" to their $250 (with a two-year contract) phone. Since then, Apple's products have changed radically, consumer preferences also changed, and the world before then is nearly incomprehensible to today's kids.

Others could say that Apple's incredible growth over the last 10 years overpowers any impact that currency exchanges could have had. While the growth of the company is undeniable, Apple's international exposure has remained rather constant over this period. Therefore, we can assume that its exposure to foreign exchange risk also has remained rather constant. This has likely honed the skills of Apple's risk managers which is reflected in their successful approach at insulating its profitability from the uncertainty of exchange rates.

Conclusion:

The lack of sensitivity to the US dollar's strength over ten years points to Apple's ability to effectively insulate itself from currency exchange fluctuations despite its global exposure. We must assume that its pricing as well as its exchange hedging policy are effective in protecting shareholders from unforeseen exposure to currency risk.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Toyota Picks This Little-Known Company Over Apple, Google Toyota Motor Corp. will turn to a little-known company instead of Apple Inc. or Google Inc. to provide navigation and phone connectivity, as it seeks to maintain control of the car features.

The 2016 Tacoma pickup will be the first of several Toyota models to use Scout GPS Link from Telenav Inc. The company allows Android and iPhone users to pull up directions and traffic information on their phone or Toyota dashboard while giving the carmaker more say over how to configure the system.

 This is a solution over which Toyota has full control,  Niall Berkery, Telenav s director of automotive business development, said by phone.  The big aspect for Toyota was the driver-distraction element and making it a safe experience. A lot of customers are using mobile nav in the car today, but many are doing it in an unsafe manner, whipping out the phone and typing while driving. 

Toyota has been the biggest holdout among global automakers as Apple and Google turn car companies  dashboards into screens that closely mirror their smartphones. Automakers must decide whether to hold them off and risk losing customers or open the door to two of the most feared names in technology.

The Japanese automaker said the deal allows it to offer a unique search and navigation experience to its drivers.

While Volkswagen AG and General Motors Co. are beginning to introduce models that support the tech giants  systems, Toyota has said it s still evaluating them for customer-data protection and driver distraction.

In choosing Telenav, Toyota is trusting a company with a market value about 1,568 times smaller than Google s. Based in Sunnyvale, California, Telenav also supplies to Ford Motor Co. as well as GM.

Smartphone Apps

One of the limitations with Apple s CarPlay or Google s Android Auto is their similarity to operating a smartphone, with users having to hop in and out of distinctive apps, Berkery said. Telenav allows users to split a dashboard screen and operate, for example, both the navigation and radio.

As for data protection, Telenav intends to become a partner that Toyota will trust with access to some degree of information, Berkery said. The company is working on software similar to Google s that will be able to predict where drivers are likely going based on their past behavior, though the Scout GPS Link product doesn t have such capabilities.

 If you ve got an idea of where a driver is going with a high degree of confidence, you can provide a much safer experience to the driver,  Berkery said.  As we go down the path of assisted driving and autonomy, a lot of the intelligence we glean from big data will be very important.  
2015-04-30
Apple, Inc. Increases Its Dividend Again When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced its second-quarter results on Monday, the company also updated its capital return program, committing to further share repurchases and a higher dividend. Of these two methods for returning cash to shareholders, Apple's share repurchase program usually gets the most spotlight in the media. But the company's dividend is worth some attention, too. Sure, the tech giant doesn't have a long history of consistent dividends, but there's still a host of reasons to believe that the stock could play out to be a decent investment for income investors over the long haul.

The increase

Apple's most recent dividend increase was its third in less than three years. The new dividend of $0.52 per share, payable on May 14 to shareholders of record on the close of May 11, is up 11% from Apple's previous quarterly dividend. The rate of this year's increase falls in between Apple's other two increases since the company reinitiated a dividend in 2012. In 2013 and 2014, Apple increased its dividend by 15% and 8%, respectively, compared with the year before.

Annually, Apple's dividend payout is now $2.08 per share, amounting to approximately a 1.6% dividend yield at today's share price.

Looking ahead

While Apple's dividend yield of 1.6% certainly isn't impressive, investors should note that the dividend is likely to see annual increases for years to come. Both the strength of Apple's balance sheet and comments from management about its plans for its dividend support this notion.

To get an idea of just how easy it is for Apple to afford to pay out dividends at current levels, consider its conservative payout ratio, or Apple's annual dividend as a percentage of earnings, of 25%. With a reasonably low payout ratio like this, the company could still afford to increase its dividend on an annual basis even if earnings growth stalls or takes a hit.

Or, here's another way to put Apple's dividend in perspective: Consider it in relation to the company's cash flow. In the trailing 12 months, Apple's free cash flow, or the good stuff left after operations and capital expenditures, was a whopping $64.3 billion. During this same time period, Apple paid out just $11.2 billion of this cash in dividends.

It's also worth noting that Apple's free cash flow is by no means showing any signs of plateauing. Consider the company's free cash flow growth in recent years:

Then, of course, there's Apple's $193.5 billion in cash and marketable securities. Sure, Apple carries $29 billion in long-term debt on its balance sheet -- but that's a paltry figure in light of its cash hoard and annual free cash flow.

Reviewing Apple's cash position, it's clear Apple can afford annual dividend increases for years to come.

Fortunately, however, investors don't have to rely solely on my analysis for supporting the case for continued annual dividend increases. During Apple's Q2 earnings call, CFO Luca Maestri clearly said the company plans to continue to increase its dividend annually.

"We believe this is a meaningful increase for those shareholders who value income, and we continue to plan for annual dividend increases going forward," Maestri said.

Apple may still be a new option for income investors, but it shouldn't be overlooked. Yes, its dividend history may not measure up well against the hallmark dividend stocks income investors are used to. And its small dividend yield certainly isn't impressive, either. But Apple easily makes up for these shortcomings with a top-notch business, consistent market leadership, and a reasonable stock price in relation to its underlying fundamentals. Apple Inc. Hopes to Correct Operational Problem in Its Watch Apple Inc. hopes to correct an operational problem in its Apple Watch by changing production companies. The shipping of the watches will continue to be slow with the products not hitting stores until the end of May and new orders scheduled to be shipped in June.

Orders from the Apple Watch started April 10, with some shipments going out on April 25. Watch production was put on the slow track until June at the request of Apple executives, according to reports. There is no explanation for the decision, but some attribute a defective key component for the slow-down.

The part, commonly called a taptic engine, gives the wearer a gentle sensation on the wrist as a notifier for things like emails or text messages. It also is related to the heartbeat feature, which keeps track of your heart rate and can send heart rate information to others. The problem, according to officials, is that the taptic engine malfunctions in a short period of time. That results in random tapping on the wrist for no reason. The problem was discovered during testing.

Additionally, some Apple Watch users receiving the early shipments began complaining on social media that the heart rate function did not work properly. The customers said wrist tattoos cause the heart rate sensor to show incorrect data or lose connection. Tattoos on the wrist also cause the security function of the Apple Watch to malfunction, incorrectly telling the company the customer is no longer wearing the watch.

Officials at IMore explained the problem, stating darker black and red ink causes trouble for the sensor. The watch uses LED lights and photodiodes to get data on blood flow. The lights misread the ink for blood flow, sometimes causing extremely high heartbeat data.

AAC Technology Holdings Inc. of China produced the majority of the taptic engines in the watch. While Apple is not issuing a recall, it changed production companies to another company that has also produced the part. Nidec Corp. of Japan will take over production of the part, according to reports. The primary reason for the change is that the part produced in Japan did not break down, as did the part produced in China. Officials said Nidec Corp. would need some time to increase production to accommodate the number of orders. Apple hopes the change in production companies will correct the watch s operational problem so the wait in shipments will be worth it.

The Apple Watch has another problem the company has not addressed. Some have found the battery just does not last long enough. The battery in the Apple Watch is much smaller than watches in other similar devices being produced by competitors. Officials with Apple insist the battery lasts up to 18 hours and can recharge in under two hours.

Apple has not made sales figures for the hot product public. However, demand of the Apple Watch outpaces the number of supplies according to Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook. Apple officials said the company is working to fulfill orders as quickly as possible. The shipments are based on supplies and when orders are taken online. Officials said customers  patience is appreciated.

Apple hopes a correction of the operational problem in its Apple Watch, fixed when the Japanese company takes over complete production of the taptic engine, will satisfy customers once the products are worn. The company is taking current complaints and dealing with those issues on a case-by-case basis.

By Melody Dareing

Sources:

Reuters

Wall Street Journal

Bidness Etc.

Photo by Robert Occhialini   Flickr License

Photo by Yasunobu Ikeda   Flickr License

Like this: Like Loading... 
2015-05-11
How Apple Inc could make money by bailing out Greece That Apple should buy Greece with all the useless cash it has on hand is just a joke that won t go away. Yet it s true that, if big American corporations and European politicians had any imagination, they could probably engineer a bailout for the nearly bankrupt country on terms that would benefit everyone.

Back in 2012, an investor attending Apple s general meeting asked Tim Cook, the chief executive officer, if he d ever considered using the company s growing cash stash   US$97.6 billion at that point   to acquire Greece.  We ve looked into many things,  but not that, Cook replied. Of course, entire countries can t be bought   not even in novels, it seems. In Iain Banks s  The Business,  such a deal fell through, even though the acquisition target was an obscure Himalayan monarchy, not an old democracy like Greece.

So everyone had a laugh and moved on. Things briefly got better for Greece when it received the biggest bailout in history, and private creditors agreed to a haircut. But its economy still failed to grow, and the country s debt burden, at 175 per cent of economic output, remained unsustainable.

Apple, in the meantime, more than doubled its hoard, which now amounts US$194 billion in cash and equivalents. The company has been paying generous dividends and buying back stock, but the cash pile keeps growing. There s no way to invest it all. For years, Cook has been talking about mind-blowing products his company has in the pipeline, but he s only managed to come up with incremental improvements to existing products, an average streaming music service and an overpriced smartwatch, and these haven t required much capital. Unless Apple starts building cars   or perhaps spaceships   it will keep accumulating cash.

As will other big U.S. companies. Non-financial American firms hold US$1.73 trillion in cash, 4 per cent more than they had a year ago, and US$1.1 trillion of that belongs to the 50 biggest companies, according to a recent report from Moody s Investor Services. Apple, Microsoft, Google, Pfizer and Cisco have stockpiled US$439 billion.

Related

Most of that money sits overseas, because if it were repatriated, it would be subject to a 35 per cent U.S. tax. Spending it, or even giving it back to shareholders, is a pain. No one expects the U.S. to reform its tax system and resolve this issue anytime soon.

So the idea that the top five cash hoarders could now save Greece and do better for themselves in the process is intriguing.

Greece needs about 190 billion euros (US$212 billion) to bring down its debt to the manageable level of 70 per cent of gross domestic product.

That s about 48 per cent of the five companies  combined cash stash. For paying down the debt, Greece could reward the firms with a special deal on corporate taxes, somewhat like the one Apple now enjoys in Ireland. That sweetheart deal is being investigated by the European Union and is probably doomed. Yet Greece s case is different: The EU, as one of the country s biggest creditors, might be inclined to make a special dispensation to the American companies for helping solve the Greek problem. The U.S. might have some objections, but, as the biggest shareholder in the International Monetary Fund, it, too, stands to lose money if Greece defaults, and the destabilization brought on by a Grexit is certainly not in U.S. interests.

In exchange for less than half of their cash   and just 13 per cent more than it would cost to pay U.S. taxes   the companies would receive an indefinite, ironclad guarantee of low taxes on non-U.S. operations. Not a bad deal.

Greece, for its part, would get debt relief, plus the companies  European headquarters. Many executives would probably welcome the move to a warm seaside, and Greece would have the beginnings of a powerful tech cluster, which would draw in other companies and create service jobs. With such help, the Greek government could probably afford to be less austere than its creditors want it to be. But it would still need to reform inefficient public services and become more business-friendly, or risk missing out on the obvious benefits of working with the tech titans.

I m pretty sure this kind of bailout would get the Greek people s approval if put to a referendum.

All it would take to work it out would be a little flexibility. Sadly, that is a quality everyone involved in the Greek crisis today appears to lack. So instead Greece will keep stumbling toward bankruptcy, and the American companies will keep accumulating cash they don t know how to spend.

Bloomberg.com Here's Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) Is A Healthcare Disruptor By Shah Gilani

Someone I love very much   in fact, a family member I idolize   was recently diagnosed with Parkinson s disease. We are all in shock, and some members of my family are very frightened.

But I made a decision. Instead of being frightened, I m going on the attack. As transformational thinking lecturer (and  Est  founder) Werner Hans Erhard advocates, I m going to be  cause in the matter. 

So I ve given myself a mission   to do my part to help find a cure.

Major diseases like Parkinson s, Alzheimer s and diabetes have a new enemy: research initiatives that attack them from fantastic new angles   yielding new protocols and medicines that can stop these maladies in their tracks or even reverse their chilling effects.

I m not talking about  old school  drug protocols or research. I m referring to the new healthcare and research Disruptors that I ve been watching   and that are everywhere.

A powerful confluence of catalysts is making this possible, including new science, new technologies and even new policies at the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA)   such as a groundbreaking Fast Track  designation that slashes the time it takes to get new drugs into the hands of the patients who need them.

My resolve to help fight Parkinson s   as well as the other terrible diseases I mentioned   has already gained me access to some rarefied circles. I ve been asked to join the board of an extraordinary company whose partnering doctors head up the research units in their respective medical specialties at the top hospitals in the United States.

I m also helping raise money for research   which includes making contributions myself.

The doctors I m backing are leaning into the future in a big way. The head of the research-and-development company I m involved with previously ran a giant pharmaceutical company. He s now attacking the diseases his old pharma company treated with drugs by developing completely new protocols to stop diseases from spreading and eventually reverse the damage that they do.

I m not permitted to reveal the name of the company I m working with just yet. But I will make this promise: Over time   as we crusade toward our goals of arresting the spread of the diseases we re attacking and advance development of reversal protocols   I will be able to share some of what we re learning, how trials are going and how our success will benefit everyone.

Eventually, there may even be ways for you or your loved ones to get into trials (we re not there yet, but getting closer) by participating directly through new healthcare Disruptor tools like iPads andiPhones.

Meanwhile, we can invest in the Disruptor players, a move that will have dual benefits. It will not only aid the eventual defeat of these dreaded diseases, but it will allow us to profit from the full-frontal assault on them.

And that s what we re going to start looking at today 

A True  Game-Changer 

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is a focus of interest for me   a true Disruptor company whose muscle is changing an array of sectors, markets and disciplines.

The Cupertino, Calif.-based company and its stock obviously benefits from heavy analyst and media coverage   some might even say over-coverage. Even so, because of the way I m looking at this, you re in for a beautiful awakening.

Tim Cook, Apple s brilliant and visionary chief executive officer, recently appeared on Jim Cramer s CNBC Mad Money s 10th anniversary show, where he discussed the impact of the soon-to-ship Apple Watch on medical research through the company s Research Kit open-source software framework. He told Cramer that the effect  has been so strong that, within the first 24 hours of announcing the ResearchKit, some 11,000 people signed up for a study in cardiovascular disease through Stanford University. 

In fact, Cook told Cramer  it would typically have taken 50 medical centers an entire year to sign up that many people. 

Here s an example.

In a ResearchKit case study, Kathryn H. Schmitz, professor of epidemiology in biostatistics at the University of Pennsylvania s Perelman School of Medicine, recounted how they mailed printed fliers to 60,000 women and got only 305 to reply and sign up for a research project. She calls ResearchKit and Apple s related HealthKit a  game-changer. 

And the disruptions don t stop there.

Just on April 13, International Business Machines Corp. announced a far-reaching new partnership with Apple Inc. IBM is linking its HIPAA-enabled Watson Health Cloud up with Apple s HealthKit and ResearchKit. In conjunction with additional partners Johnson & Johnson and Medtronic PLC , IBM and Apple will develop enterprise wellness apps  made possible by the merged medical and health data gleaned from Apple devices. Watson s job will be to facilitate data-mining and provide predictive analytics.

The University of Rochester and Seattle nonprofit Sage Bionetworks are also working together to create the Parkinson s research app, mPower, using Apple s ResearchKit.

According to Sage,  mPower aims to make it easier for people to sign up for studies and providing consent to do so. The app can detect symptoms in Parkinson s patients just by having them say  ahhhh  into the phone. It also includes a finger-tapping feature that can detect symptoms, too. Finally, the app can analyze the user s gait and balance by having them walk 20 steps then turn around and take 20 steps back. 

The Next Sector to Be Upended

As far as making money as you help with the assault on these terrible diseases, one way is owning Apple stock. Because of the  ecosystem  it is creating, Apple s long-term financial health is, by design, tethered to the future health of the world.

That s big, and it s going to make Apple one of the world s most critical companies. In turn, the company will become even more profitable and a fantastic long-term investment for decades to come. 
2015-05-31
Apple's Real Advantage From Owning The Hardware And Software The biggest benefit of owning the hardware and OS-level software isn't performance. It is true that optimizing the two to seamlessly fit together performs more with less, but competitors can simply load their phones up with more advanced hardware to counter this. For example, Geekbench tests show that the S6 clocked in a higher speed than the iPhone 6. This is largely due to the increased amount of cores the S6 has, along with the increased RAM. Of course, this does have differences in real-world use, but it does indicate that the hardware/software performance advantage isn't insurmountable. Rather, the greatest advantage that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) gets from being able to own the software and hardware is that it greatly strengthens the company's ability to set the technological/design standards that it deems best.

So what exactly is the connection between owning both the hardware and software that lets Apple create technology standards? Part of the reason is that the company makes the vast majority of its money from the hardware, not software services. It is perfectly fine with letting third-parties sell the non-OS level software, which means that if developers want to make money off of Apple's customer base, they have to be willing to adjust to whatever standards that the company presents. This developer advantage exists because of how lucrative Apple's customer base is, along with how popular the company itself is. Other companies can be pushed into supporting the standards that Apple wants by sheer market powers - developers will be willing to develop for your platform only if you make it easy to do so. If Apple actually manages to make a standard that the users and developers both enjoy (or at least one that no one complains about), then other companies will most likely take the path of least resistance and follow it. This is a critical form of soft power for Apple, which lets the company make the best products it can, while also making sure that other third-party devices and services will support its products.

If Apple didn't own the software, other manufacturers could easily create other iOS phones, which would drastically reduce the company's power. Any hardware standard Apple wanted to set would be meaningless, since the iOS market becomes a fractured market. The company no longer holds the power to push other companies to adopt its chosen standard. Alternatively, if Apple just sold the software, then any specific design standards in the hardware would be impossible to enforce. After all, Apple was the one to officially establish how a GUI would work, with Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) copying it soon afterwards.

One great example of this can also be seen from 2009, when Apple was still a relatively small/weak company. The company was the one to develop and propose the Open CL 1.0 standard that other companies like Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) were willing to accept, despite having limited to no market power at the time. The key thing here is that it was willing to be the one to take the plunge and do the work necessary for the standard, because it realized how important it is that developers can create the user experience that is consistent with the rest of the Apple OS experience.

More recently speaking, there's the USB C standard that Apple is likely to have created and is pushing for with its latest Macbook. You can see that other companies are already starting to adjust to using the USB C, such as the Chromebook Pixel. What the USB C allows Apple to do is create exceptionally thin laptops. This is important to the company, and something that it feels is critical to the user experience that it wants to create. If other companies are unwilling to support it with accessories, it is likely that Apple will be hurt - but it won't, because of the soft power Apple wields from being able to set these standards.

However, the absolute best example of Apple's standards-setting power at work would be with the smartphone. All popular smartphones today have the same basic look of the original iPhone, including Apple's newer iPhones. The company created what the de facto smartphone would look like (rounded corners, rectangular slab with just a touchscreen, the size of the headphone slot, etc.) and would work like (pinching to zoom, scrolling through different screens, the way apps work/open up, etc.). The popularity of the original iPhone led to great amounts of third-party support for these specific standards in the form of accessory makers and developers. This power over both groups would not be possible if they did not own the OS and hardware. This forced later smartphone makers to either adjust to how the iPhone would work or to bite the dust, as can be seen with BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY).

Being able to set standards helped Apple conquer the smartphone market, and this power isn't acknowledged by the market, but it's a critical one. Apple currently trades at a forward P/E well below that of the market - 13.5 versus 18 for the S&P (NYSEARCA:SPY). Part of this is because investors are anxious about how much of Apple's revenue and profit comes from the iPhone. They're scared that the company will never be able to create other different, profitable product lines. However, Apple's ability to influence and create standards will be the key to reducing its exposure to the iPhone and provide a major upside catalyst, by allowing it to take control of new markets. Two of the biggest markets I see Apple taking advantage of in the near-to-mid term future are the Internet of Things (IoT) market and the Virtual/Augmented Reality (VR/AR) market.

These two markets are similar because these are both still developing markets, without too many uniform standards. Apple also does not have much of a presence in these markets yet, but that can quickly change. In fact, the company seems to have taken an interest in both already. Back in November, Apple listed a job post for a VR/AR job position. On May 29, it also bought an AR company. There is also HomeKit, which allows users to communicate and control accessories in the house. Given all of this, it is clear that Apple is exploring the possibility of entering both of these markets, and might be fairly far along on the VR front, given that it has started buying firms in the space.

Going forward into the future, Apple can set the standards for things such as how VR headsets communicate with the internet, how these headsets display the information to the user, what sorts of signals (for example, creating something like the Open CL standard for VRs) the smartphone uses to communicate with items in the home and a plethora of other things. Most of these will be subtle, and technical in nature, but very important for developers who develop software for the VR and IoT markets.

Most importantly, both are also predicted to be massive markets. The VR/AR market is predicted to grow to be a $150 billion market by 2020, while Business Insider Intelligence predicts that the hardware revenue from IoT alone will be 50 billion, and the market would add $1.7 trillion to the global economy in general. In the latter case, Business Insider Intelligence also talks about how IoT currently lacks standards, saying, "There are currently few standards (or regulations) for what is needed to run an IoT device."

Apple may not have a major position in these markets yet, but can bring its legion of third-party companies with it if it should decide to do so, along with filling the current standard-less void with the standards that it feels is best (and it seems that the company is making a push for both markets). This will allow the company to quickly seize control of the direction of these two fast-growing markets and extract incredible amounts of profit, as it has already done in the smartphone market, making Apple's stock a solid long-term buy.

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL, BBRY.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-05-21
Apple Inc. iCloud Services Experiencing Issues [UPDATED] UPDATE 9:45 EST: Apple updates status page to confirm that all services are back to normal.

In yet another service glitch for Apple devices, iPhone and iPad users worldwide are reporting Apple iCloud service slowdowns and full outages since early Thursday morning. Of note, Apple s System Status webpage is still showing ongoing interruptions to various services as of 8:00 AM.

Apple says the network problems first began at around 12:30 a.m. ET, and the system status webpage notes,  Users may experience slower than normal response when using most iCloud services. 

No reason for the ongoing service outage has been provided by the company to date.

Impacted Apple iCloud services

According to multiple media sources, Apple services that are impacted by the slowdown on Thursday include:

iCloud Backup

iCloud Drive

iWork for iCloud beta

Back to My Mac

iCloud Keychain

iCloud Mail

Documents in the Cloud

Photos

Find My iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Mac

iMovie Theater

iCloud Account & Sign In

Recent Apple service outages

The Apple service network has been dogged with problems on a number of occasions recently. For example, just last week, the iCloud network was hit with a serious bug where the Find My iPhone app was showing devices that belonged to other people. Moreover, the App Store and iTunes Stores were hit by a major outage last month, and Apple s log in services were also down for a short while back in March.

Apple Watch needs  killer apps  to become big hit

On a related topic, analysts are reporting that the recent, much-ballyhooed launch of the Apple Watch is not a huge success. The iPhone maker s new smartwatch is not flying off the shelves just yet, but it can take some time for a new product to soak into the public consciousness. Several tech industry analysts have noted that it may take the development of a few  killer apps  before sales hit critical mass.

Positive reviews of the Apple Watch have mentioned having the time and temperature easily available on your wrist and being able to see text messages without a phone. The general consensus is that Apple Pay is  fun , but it can be difficult to position the watch to use the feature. Man Pays For Apple Inc. Products, Receives Cherryade A Welsh man has fallen victim to a classic scam and paid $869 for 2 bottles of Cherryade.

The unsuspecting man was approached by a scammer in downtown Swansea, Wales as he went about his business. The scammer offered him a great deal on an Apple laptop and a smartphone, and the man took him up on the offer, according to the South Wales Evening Post.

Apple fan scammed in Swansea

Swansea police are appealing for information after the scammer made off with the money, leaving the victim with just two bottles of Cherryade and some cardboard to show for his troubles.

The incident occurred around lunchtime on Tuesday 19 May, when the victim was approached by a man offering to sell him Apple products. The 25-year-old victim tested the products, which were then placed into a rucksack. The man duly paid for the items, but the scammer presumably switched the bag for one that contained nothing more valuable than some fizzy pop and pieces of cardboard.

This is not the first time that Apple products have been involved in a scam and it almost certainly will not be the last. The scammer has been described as a white male between the ages of 24 and 30, and measures between 5ft 10ins and 6ft 2ins tall. Police are searching for the man, who spoke with an Irish accent and escaped the scene in a dark blue estate car.

Scammer preys on bargain hunter

Local police have warned people to be aware of similar scams, and appealed to anyone that might have any information to come forward. Detective Constable Sharon Price of Swansea CID said:  We are appealing to anyone who saw the suspect in the city center or who has been approached in similar circumstances to contact the police. 

Price also made an appeal for common sense should anyone be offered such a deal on Apple products in future.  Our advice to anyone who is offered the chance to buy items in such circumstances is to politely decline. If the offer seems too good to be true, then it probably is. 

The last phrase is a piece of sage advice which can be applied to a vast number of situations in life. 
2015-07-03
Apple, Inc. Design Guru's Promotion: Good or Bad? It's official. Apple's (NASDAQ: AAPL) famed designer, Jonathan Ive, is now the company's chief design officer -- a C-level position alongside CEO Tim Cook and CFO Luca Maestri. Since being promoted to lead the company's design team, Ive has proven to be one of Apple's most influential employees. Investors shouldn't underestimate the importance of such a move. With over 5,000 patents under his belt and a handful of wildly successful new products, including the iPod, iMac, iPhone, and iPad behind him, Ive is nothing short of a guru in the design world.

Relinquishing administrative and management work

The central idea behind Ive's promotion seems to simply be to free him from dealing with day-to-day management duties related to overseeing design at Apple and to give him greater oversight of all things design at the company.

To understand just how big of a deal it is for Ive to be promoted to the C-level, consider that the only other C-level executives after Steve Jobs' return to the company (besides Cook and Maestri) were Apple's previous CFOs (CFOs are legally obligated to hold C-level positions) and Cook when he was chief operating officer under Jobs' leadership.

Apple's just-released executive profile of Ive's role in the new position reads:

Jonathan Ive is Apple's Chief Design Officer, reporting to CEO Tim Cook. Jony is responsible for all design at Apple, including the look and feel of Apple hardware, user interface, packaging, major architectural projects such as Apple Campus 2 and Apple's retail stores, as well as new ideas and future initiatives.

To aid Ive in leaving behind his management and daily administrative work, two key design leads, Alan Dye and Richard Howarth, have been given official executive design titles. Dye will serve as vice president of user interface design. Howarth is being promoted to vice president of industrial design.

At face value, Ive's promotion seems like good news. It means he will have more time to focus on important design decisions. But is there more to the story?

The cynical view

Longtime Apple journalist John Gruber at Daring Fireball argued there could be a cynical angle to Ive's new title.

There are two basic ways to read this news. The first is to take Apple at its word -- that this is a promotion for Ive that will let him focus more of his attention on, well, design. That he's delegating management administrative to Dye and Howarth, not decreasing his involvement in supervising the actual design work. The second way -- the cynical way -- is that this is the first step to Ive easing his way out the door, and that his new title is spin to make the news sound good rather than bad.

It is, indeed, conceivable that putting other design leads in the spotlight is a move set up to play an important role in easing the concern of Apple investors if Ive does ever step down from his job at Apple. And it is also quite possible that a new role free of much of the day-to-day work Ive used to deal with could mean he plans to be less involved.

Even if Gruber's speculation proves true, Ive probably would not step down for a long time. After all, a major promotion is clearly a statement of long-term commitment from Ive to continue working at Apple. It's hard to imagine Apple promoting him just before he leaves the company.

Whether Gruber is right or not, Ive's promotion certainly isn't bad news. The excellent reassurance that Ive is committed to a key role at Apple outweighs the possibility that the title and role change is simply a way for him to become less involved in design and set the foundation for leaving Apple on a good note someday. Apple Inc's Next iPhone May Come in 3 Sizes After All The reports are starting to roll in in about Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next iPhone. That makes sense, as we're entering Apple's fourth fiscal quarter, the end of which is when Apple generally releases its next-generation unit. Between now and the new phone launch, Apple is slated to announce its fiscal third-quarter iPhone sales, which seasonally is a comparatively weaker period for sales as many consumers are holding out for the new model. For a visual representation of Apple's quarterly iPhone sales, check out this chart:

Apple changed the form factor last year, stepping up the phone's size from 4 inches, a size used since 2012's iPhone 5, with two models: the iPhone 6 with its 4.7-inch display and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. The current-generation units arrived to a receptive market, which is reflected in the first and second fiscal quarter sales figures above.

If consumers plan on waiting for the newest unit, however, it's important to ask what they gain by waiting, and what choices and features they might be losing out on as well. As far as new and added features are concerned, it appears Apple is bringing Force Touch technology to its iPhone. On the other hand, there are conflicting reports on whether Apple will continue to make a 4-inch model.

Bloomberg versus Jefferies...

Last week, Bloomberg reported the newest iPhone has gone into production with Force Touch functionality, with volume output to start as soon as this month. While the report doesn't explicitly report the 4-inch model will be discontinued, it only mentions the 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch versions. Which is important, because Apple generally only keeps two generations in inventory -- which would make the 4-inch iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c a thing of the past.

More recently, analyst firm Jefferies reported Apple will bring a new 4-inch device to market. After conducting a market survey, Jefferies said it expects Apple to release an extended edition of the iPhone 5c. The research note doesn't go into great detail, outside of reporting the unit will have a 4-inch display and a metal body, leaving questions about processing and chip generation unaddressed. At first glance, the report seems to slightly contradict Bloomberg's.

... or maybe not

However, perhaps the most intriguing part of the Jefferies research note is the projected timing of the release. Unlike Apple's traditional method of releasing new units only once a year, Jefferies expects the 4-inch iteration to be released in the first calendar quarter of 2016. That puts it outside of the normal launch period, which is generally the end of the third calendar quarter. If so, Bloomberg's report of only the larger units going into volume production now does not conflict with Jefferies' note.

More interesting, however, is why Apple would choose to dual-release schedule. It appears the company is taking a page from Samsung's playbook, in which the South-Korean electronics conglomerate releases its flagship Galaxy phone line and phablet Note line at different times -- April and September, respectively. While it's safe to assume the product mix will still heavily skew toward the newer, larger units, offering the 4-inch model with a later release date could boost Apple's second and third fiscal quarters. 
2015-05-13
Can a rose gold iPhone help Apple Inc win over more people in China? Apple Inc. is said to be eyeing further inroads into the Chinese market with the introduction of a  rose gold  iPhone, according to reports.

The company s next smartphone   largely believed to be called the iPhone 6s   could be announced as soon as September, replacing the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus models.

According to Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, Apple is looking to add a rose gold hue to its handset repertoire, which currently come in silver, space grey and gold.

The addition of gold-coloured iPhones in 2013 with the launch of the iPhone 5s was seen as a direct appeal to China, where gold is regarded as auspicious.

Related

It is unknown whether the new model would be rose gold-coloured anodised aluminium, like the current iPhone 6 and 6 Plus gold option, or 18-carat rose gold like the luxury Apple Watch Edition, which is priced from pounds 8,000 to pounds 13,500. The Apple Watch Edition, which is also available in 18-carat yellow gold, reportedly sold out in China less than an hour after the company started taking pre-orders for the devices at the end of April.

Increasing demand for luxury products   combined with greater iPhone availability following a multi-year deal with the world s biggest phone carrier, China Mobile   mean China is an increasingly lucrative market for Apple. The Californian company now holds around 27.6 per cent of the smartphone market in urban China, according to Kantar Worldpanel ComTech.

The gold 5s sold out in Hong Kong and mainland China immediately, and demand remains so strong for the 6 and 6 Plus seven months after they first went on sale that smugglers continue to sell them for dramatically inflated prices.

The company also produced gold versions of the iPad Air 2 and mini 3 last year, and recently launched a new 12-inch MacBook, also in gold.

Samsung has also experienced unprecedented demand for gold versions of its latest handset, the Galaxy S6, across Europe, as one in four customers opted for gold over the traditionally more popular black and white.

Mr Kuo also claims the iPhone 6s will be a significant upgrade to its predecessors, offering a 12MP camera, up from the current 8MP lens, and 2GB of RAM up from 1GB. It could also feature a more resilient scratch-resistant sapphire lens cover, and be constructed from slightly different materials to move away from the bending issue which plagued the previous flagships.

The Daily Telegraph How Microsoft & Apple's Balance Sheets Compare They re the two most iconic companies in the 21st century s dominant industry, with similarities outnumbering their differences. Both are headquartered on the Pacific Coast. One was founded in April of 1975, the other less than a year later. Their legendary founders were not only cultural icons, but rivals, associates, and on rare occasions, symbiotic partners. One company used to be the largest in existence and today is not far behind. The other emerged from midlife doldrums to grow to a size now double that of the former. Of course, the companies in question are Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) and Apple, Inc. (AAPL) each with a record of success that far outshines even the monolithic Standard Oils and East India Companies of years ago. But four decades in, what exactly quantifies Microsoft and Apple as so successful? Do both amass assets and build shareholder equity the same way? Let s find out.

Cash on Hand, and All the Way Up the Arm

Purely as an accounting entity, Apple is most famous (or notorious, depending on your viewpoint) for sitting on copious amounts of cash. The company s pile maxed out in 2014 at $178 billion, which is a figure larger than the market capitalization of any but 12 or so companies on Earth. That will happen when a company dominates the market in several fields, inspires fierce brand loyalty, and goes from 1995 to 2012 without paying out a dividend.

Meanwhile, it s not as if Microsoft is at the mercy of banks itself. At year-end Microsoft had $8.7 billion in cash, which is not only enough to take care of its short-term obligations for the next four-plus years, it represents a 128% increase over the previous year.

It s hard to imagine where Microsoft s or Apple s balance sheets could be improved. Their current ratios do vary, with Microsoft having a distinct edge 1.1 for Apple, and 2.5 for Microsoft. Apple is under the low end of the historically approved 1.5   3 range, but that s emblematic of a current trend where companies are quicker to utilize working capital than to have it sit unused. Furthermore, when companies get as large as Apple and Microsoft, different and more liberal rules apply. Rather than look at the ratio, examine the difference between current assets and current liabilities working capital. Apple s working capital is $5 billion, Microsoft s $68 billion. Apple s cash gets the headlines, but Microsoft wins the liquidity war.

That isn t the entire story, however. Another major difference between Microsoft and Apple aside from one actively shaking off a reputation of stodginess and the other having a customer base with varying degrees of fanatical devotion is Apple s reliance on long-term marketable securities, which currently add up to $130 billion, a decent-sized multiple of Microsoft s total. That isn t cash, but it s close enough. Should Apple ever need more cash than the billions it already has on hand, those Treasurys and commercial paper can easily be converted to cash. Conventional wisdom states that having long-term marketable securities on the balance sheet, let alone a 12-digit total of such, is an inefficient way for any company (other than a bank or an insurer) to exploit its financial assets. It s not as if Apple is deriving a lot of income from all those instruments.

Citizen of the World

Then again, Apple s home country levies the highest corporate taxes in the world. What s the connection? Almost all of that cash is in the form of retained earnings held overseas. Should the cash ever get repatriated to the United States, Apple would have to pay taxes on it. And it s safe to say that whatever the highest available tax bracket is, Apple is in it. To his credit, CEO Tim Cook testified before Congress and said Apple would be happy to let American politicians get their mitts on his company s billions if only Congress would do the honorable thing and simplify the tax code. Knowing the complexity and internal contradiction of the Internal Revenue Code, the Senate panel backed off and never addressed the issue again.

A look at both Apple s and Microsoft s accounts receivable shows another large disparity, particularly when quoted as day sales outstanding. Apple s are 17, Microsoft s 52. So all things being equal, Apple gets paid more quickly. Contrast the accounts receivable with another important asset category, inventories, and the two companies are almost identical. For each, accounts receivable are about 7.4 times the size of inventories.

Property, plant, and equipment numbers are comparable for the two behemoths. Goodwill, on the other hand, varies widely between them. Apple has less than $1.6 billion in goodwill on its books, Microsoft more than $20 billion. Why is the former s so low?

Make Room For Mobile

The relevant question is, why is the latter s so high? You can attribute it to one transaction   Microsoft s 2012 purchase of Nokia Corporation s (NOK) phone division. Nokia used to be the largest phone company in the world. Microsoft overpaid in an effort to popularize the Nokia-made Windows Phone, otherwise known as the RC Cola to the iPhone s Coke and Android s Pepsi. Microsoft loses money on every Lumia it sells, and, can t make it up in volume. Windows Phones comprise less than 1/40 of the mobile market in the United States. There are still millions of Americans who have never seen a Windows Phone in the wild, or anywhere outside of the display case at a phone store.

Microsoft essentially overpaid for Nokia to the tune of $7.2 billion. Which wouldn t explain a $20 billion goodwill figure, unless the phone division carries negative value. Did Microsoft indeed pay billions for something less than worthless? Not exactly, even though there might be symbolism in Microsoft recently shutting down Nokia s flagship retail store in downtown Helsinki. After all, Nokia is as large a point of Finnish pride as Sibelius or reindeer. For Microsoft s part, even after years of attempts at mobile  Windows CE, the short-lived Kin, etc. the company still remains a bit player in smartphones.

However, Microsoft s phone software is inexpensive, and runs on inexpensive hardware. That makes it not only the opposite of Apple s iOS, but could enable Windows Phones to pull greater market share in poorer parts of the world. The Nokia purchase was a long-term investment, rather than an immediately beneficial one.

Dabbling in Debt

In the second half of the balance sheet, both companies ought to have almost negligible current liabilities, right? Not even. Apple has about $6.4 billion in short-term debt, and Microsoft $2 billion. Why would any corporation so awash in cash borrow money, let alone two of them? Well, why not? They can enjoy favorable interest rates, which give Microsoft and Apple cheap lines of credit to facilitate further expansion. Microsoft has about $21 billion in long-term debt, Apple just under $17 billion. That s a long-term-debt to total assets ratio of 8% for Apple, 12% for Microsoft. It should be noted that Apple incurred all that long-term debt in the most recent year. When Apple started issuing bonds in 2013, investors couldn t lend it money fast enough much in the same way that Apple makes money faster than it can spend it.

The Bottom Line

When companies enjoy as much success as Microsoft and Apple have, their financial statements start to differ not merely in degree but in form from those of merely healthy companies. Neither company will stay on top forever, but with so much cash on hand, so much equity ($90 billion for Microsoft, $112 billion for Apple), and so many other positive indicators, both the Rock of Redmond and the Cupertino Colossus will be able to foresee problems years before they become insurmountable. Is Apple Building A Battery Division To Compete With Tesla? Investors might be too focused on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s rumored automobile to realize that the company might be more interested in developing high-end batteries for consumer electronics.

Earlier this year A123 Systems sued Apple and five former employees who allegedly violated an NDA (nondisclosure agreement). According to Reuters, the lawsuit claimed that "Apple is currently developing a large-scale battery division to compete in the very same field as A123."

That quote was practically buried under the mountain of automobile-related rumors, but it has resurfaced now that Apple and A123 Systems have decided to settle their lawsuit. And it could hold an entirely new meaning for investors now that Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA) has unveiled its Powerwall home battery.

"Clearly a lot of Apple products use batteries," Rob Enderle, principal analyst at Enderle Group, told Benzinga. "Developing battery expertise is a way you would differentiate in a very crowded market."

Tech industry expert and analyst Jeff Kagan thinks this could be a good venture for Apple, but only if its own technology was truly superior.

"If they have a technology that will be better than traditional battery technology and they apply the Apple brand to it, they obviously will have a big chance for industry success," Kagan told Benzinga.

Related Link: The No. 1 Reason For Apple To Acquire BlackBerry

'Large Competitors'

Enderle said that Apple has been "facing some very large competitors and successfully holding them off," including LG and SAMSUNG ELECT LTD(F) (OTC: SSNLF).

"Those are broad-spectrum companies," he said. "They actually create an awful lot of the core technology they use in the devices. This looks like Apple kind of coming around to the idea that they need to create more of the stuff that defines their hardware [and get] less of it from another party."

This would allow Apple to maintain a greater degree of secrecy when developing its products.

"[It] also allows them to have differentiable technology that other people can't get, which I think is part of their goal here," he added.

If Apple successfully develops a unique and leading battery technology, Enderle believes it would open the door for new product offerings.

A Little Late?

Kagan said that battery production is something he thought Apple would have started years ago.

"They've been in need of batteries forever," he said. "While it makes sense, if they have new technologies, it has to be better than what's out there."

Kagan said the problem with current battery technology is that "it stinks" and it "doesn't last long enough."

"We should have had so many breakthroughs in battery technology in the last decade and we really have not," he added. "This is something that Apple obviously has a need for and it will make sense if it did it."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Jeff Kagan Powerwall Rob EnderleAnalyst Color Exclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Will Apple Inc. Acquire BlackBerry Ltd.? On Monday, rumours surfaced that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) was considering a bid for BlackBerry Ltd. (TSX:BB)(NASDAQ:BBRY), sending the latter?s stock price up 6%. Is this just a rumour, or a real possibility? Why Apple would buy BlackBerry BlackBerry deserves much credit for its turnaround thus far, but there?s still a long way to go. In fact many still doubt the company will survive in the long term. This is a big fear for many of BlackBerry?s most loyal customers, who do not want to switch to a rival provider. This brings me to the U.S. Federal government: BlackBerry?s largest client. In the past, 

I consent to receiving information from The Motley Fool via email, direct mail, and occasional special offer phone calls. I understand I can unsubscribe from these updates at any time. Please read the Privacy Statement and Terms of Service for more information.

Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Also receive a free Email Newsletter from the Motley Fool. (You may unsubscribe any time.)

On Monday, rumours surfaced that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) was considering a bid for BlackBerry Ltd. (TSX:BB)(NASDAQ:BBRY), sending the latter s stock price up 6%.

Is this just a rumour, or a real possibility?

Why Apple would buy BlackBerry

BlackBerry deserves much credit for its turnaround thus far, but there s still a long way to go. In fact many still doubt the company will survive in the long term. This is a big fear for many of BlackBerry s most loyal customers, who do not want to switch to a rival provider.

This brings me to the U.S. Federal government: BlackBerry s largest client. In the past, the Feds probably would have opposed a BlackBerry merger due to antitrust concerns. But now, with BlackBerry just a shadow of its former self, a takeover wouldn t really restrict competition at all. Instead, a takeover would likely bring welcome relief to the U.S. government, who would no longer have to worry about changing their BlackBerry phones.

Meanwhile, Apple s relationship with the U.S. government has grown more important to the company. Last year alone it spent a record $4.1 million on lobbying. Many people see this as a response to increased scrutiny over security problems. Furthermore, Apple is expanding its role in financial services, and will need the U.S. government s favour in this area.

So, conceivably, Apple could buy BlackBerry to appease the government. As a bonus, the tech giant would get some much-needed help with security. On the surface, it seems like a win-win-win.

Why this is just a rumour

There are a few reasons why this merger makes little sense.

For one, Apple probably isn t all that interested. The company has an established position in the enterprise market, and doesn t need BlackBerry s help in this area. Such a merger would also be very out of character for Apple, which is usually very conservative with its cash.

Second, BlackBerry probably wouldn t be interested. Remember, the company turned down Samsung back in January, preferring instead to continue with its turnaround. I see no reason why BlackBerry would change course so suddenly.

The right way to trade BlackBerry

In my opinion, BlackBerry should eventually get bought out sooner than later. The value of the company s assets and capabilities (its leadership in security, its patents, and its QNX operating system) would probably be much more valuable in the hands of another company.

And until BlackBerry does get acquired, it will likely continue to struggle, mainly because so many people question its long-term survival. As an investor, I would avoid BlackBerry for now. But if its struggles continue, then a takeover may be in the cards. That might create a fantastic opportunity. Fitbit's IPO Dreams Could Be Crushed By Apple Inc. and Other Rivals Fitness tracker maker Fitbit is looking to raise at least $100 million in its upcoming IPO. The number of shares and price haven't been disclosed yet, so we don't know its potential market valuation yet, but the growth numbers revealed in its S-1 filing are impressive.

Last quarter, Fitbit's revenue rose 144% year-over-year to $337 million as net income surged 441% to $48 million. It sold 10.9 million devices in 2014 -- up from 4.5 million in 2013 -- and controls 62% of the U.S. fitness tracker market, according to NPD. Fitbit's paid active users, who pay $50 annually for its digital trainer and premium reports, rose from 600,000 in 2012 to 9.5 million last quarter.

However, the rise of smartwatches with comparable health-tracking features could soon throttle Fitbit's growth.

Cheap smartwatches, like the $89 Pebble Watch, are already packed with fitness tracking features. Meanwhile, the Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) Watch, Samsung's (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF) Gear watches, and Google's (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Android Wear devices could all shut Fitbit out of the higher-end market. Before opening up their wallets for the offering, investors should fully understand the future of the wearables market.

Stuck in a shrinking market

The wearables market is split into three main categories: fitness/activity trackers, sports performance devices, and smartwatches.

Fitbit and Jawbone belong to the fitness tracker market. Garmin (NASDAQ: GRMN), TomTom, and Under Armour (NYSE: UA) all sell pricier sports performance wearables, which usually emphasize function over form, for hardcore athletes. Meanwhile, feature-rich smartwatches like the Apple Watch and Samsung's Gear S are now offering "good enough" health-tracking features for average consumers.

Some analysts believe that it's only a matter of time before low-end smartwatch makers like Pebble cannibalize the fitness tracker market. This chart, based on data from Generator Research, shows how much the basic fitness tracker market could shrink over the next five years:

Fitness trackers Sports performance Smartwatches 2015 revenue $2.3 billion $2.2 billion $17.2 billion 2020 revenue $527 million $2.9 billion $154 billion Growth (77%) 32% 795%

Fitbit recently launched its own smartwatch, the Fitbit Surge. However, Forrester Research analyst Julie Ask recently told CNBC that smartwatches "will not be (Fitbit's) strength" and that most sales will still come from basic fitness trackers like the popular Fitbit Flex.

Fitbit acknowledges these risks

In the "Risks Factors" section of Fitbit's S-1 filing, the company names Apple, Samsung, Google, LG, and Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT) among its chief competitors.

Fitbit notes that these rivals "have significant competitive advantages," including better brand recognition, deeper pockets, and more established relationships with customers, suppliers, and contract manufacturers. Fitbit also admits that these rivals could leverage their sales and marketing expenses across a broader portfolio of products and services, and use their own app ecosystem to promote wearable devices.

Lastly, Fitbit states that its competitors could "aggressively discount their products and services in order to gain market share." The market is already full of fitness trackers under $50 like Misfit's Flash, but Fitbit's cheapest device, the Zip, still costs $60.

Fitbit's murky future

Fitbit is an early leader in a fledgling market. But now that the Apple Watch has arrived, other big players will double down on the smartwatch market by piling on more features at lower prices.

Research firm IDC forecasts that worldwide smartwatch shipments will soar from 4.2 million in 2014 to 25.7 million this year. It expects the Apple Watch to account for 62% of that market, with other players like Samsung and Pebble accounting for the rest. But as for cheaper fitness trackers, NPD analysts believe that U.S. sales will peak at 32 million devices next year and start fading.

In my opinion, Fitbit might counter that trend with three strategies. First, selling "high-end" fitness trackers could help it sidestep a pricing war with low-end rivals like Misfit. That's why it partnered with designer Tory Burch to launch high-end accessories for the Fitbit Flex. Second, products like the Fitbit Surge could carve out a niche between sports performance devices and full-featured smartwatches. Third, its ecosystem of paid users could keep growing and reinforce brand loyalty.

How Apple and others could crush Fitbit

The Apple Watch is both a blessing and a curse for the wearables market. On one hand, it could turn health-tracking smartwatches from niche devices into mainstream ones. That would open the doors for other companies like Samsung and Google to respectively sell more smartwatches or build bigger ecosystems.

But on the other, the smartwatch market could follow the same growth trajectory as the smartphone -- Apple will rise to the top with a "premium" device, while other players commoditize the rest of the market with competing low-margin devices. That battle, which will combine fitness trackers and cheap smartwatches into one market, could cause Fitbit's sales to slow down and margins to contract, poor prospects for a company going public. Apple Inc, A123 close to settling battery hiring lawsuit - Reuters  
2015-01-15
How Apple Inc. managed to upstage the tech industry at CES for fifteen years Editorial

Within three years of Steve Jobs' return to Apple in 1996, he transformed the then-struggling company into an innovation machine capable of consistently stealing attention from the rest of the industry. This year's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas suffered at least its fifteenth year of being upstaged by Apple.



2000-2004: Five years of Microsoft's decline and the rise of OS X

Apple actually developed working, finished ideas and was able to ship them.





At CES 2000, Microsoft presented its acquired WebTV and its planned Microsoft TV successor. The company also announced its plans for Windows CE smartphones, two years before it ultimately shipped the first working model of what would become Windows Mobile.



At Macworld 2000, Apple introduced the translucent G4 Cube, previewed the new Mac OS X (with its matching Aqua user experience, below) and introduced iTools, marking the beginning of its cloud services. As always, Apple was focused primarily on products that were ready to sell (or would soon enhance the products it was currently offering).







At CES 2001, Microsoft introduced Xbox as a competitor to Sony's PlayStation, rebranded its "Ultimate TV" and announced "Windows Powered," an umbrella marketing term for devices running the company's ill fated mobile OS, Windows CE. Xbox sold at a multi-billion loss for years, while the other ideas didn't really sell at all.



At Macworld 2001, Apple introduced its Titanium PowerBook G4 (below) and launched Mac OS X 10.0, iTunes and iDVD. All were products consumers could actually buy. Jobs presciently described OS X as being Apple's platform for the next 15 years. It was based on technology from NeXT, which at the time was itself almost 15 years old (being first conceptualized in 1986, after Jobs initially left Apple).



Windows enthusiast Paul Thurrott observed at the time, "Apple is actually delivering a Web services vision that, so far, Microsoft has only made promises about." Later that year, the new iTunes helped Apple launch iPod for the holiday season, just as it was ready to go on sale.







At CES 2002, Microsoft introduced Mira "Windows Powered Smart Displays," an initiative to sell monitors running Windows that people could have sitting around their house, as its vision for expanding the PC market. The concept flopped. Gates also floated the beginnings of Windows Media Center.



At Macworld 2002, Apple introduced its flat panel iMac, a computer that people could actually use, along side a new 14 inch iBook and the release of iPhoto. Consumers could--and did--buy all three.



At CES 2003, Microsoft rolled out the Media Center PC, refocused attention on Tablet PC and introduced SPOT ("Smart Personal Object Technology") watches, designed to tune into special FM radio stations to stream weather and other updates.







Microsoft also announced that its ambitious, intended response to Apple's iPod, then branded as "Media2Go," would be delayed until mid 2004. Unlike iTunes, Media Center was unable to stoke any real interest in new, non PC hardware products. Tablet PC and SPOT flopped as well.



At Macworld 2003, Apple expanded its notebook line to offer 12 and 17 inch PowerBooks (below), and launched Final Cut Express, the new Safari browser, the beginnings of iWork with Keynote and introduced the iLife bundle, helping to establish Macs as a viable alternative to the Windows PC as iPods attracted new buyers to Apple's platform with the help of the company's expanding retail stores.







At CES 2004, Microsoft announced Windows XP Media Center Edition 2004, a tepid update for 2001's Windows XP, and Gates repeated the company's goals to eventually deliver Portable Media Center devices as a response to Apple's iPod.



At Macworld 2004 Apple introduced Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger, launched the iMac G5, iPod mini, 30 inch Cinema Display, Final Cut Express 2 and GarageBand as part of iLife 04. Again, all were available for sale within months.







Half-way through the decade, one of Microsoft's staunchest fans--and one of Apple's most aggressively hostile critics--revealed an inconsistency in his expressed opinions that perfectly mirrored the generally phony coverage rampant in the tech industry of the day.



Speaking to his Windows audience in 2004, Thurrott wrote, "Lost amid all the hubbub of CES was the start of Macworld Conference & Expo, which opened Tuesday with an unexciting Steve Jobs keynote. [...] All in all, Macworld was a rather boring affair."



At the same time however, Thurrott also wrote to a more general audience that "Jobs's Macworld address, widely expected to be an almost funereal event for an ailing company, instead turned into a tour de force celebration of technology, marketing, and sheer chutzpah, with Jobs touting the company's Switch ad campaign, retail stores, and consumer-oriented products such as iPod, iCal, iSync, iTunes, and .Mac. Jobs also wowed the crowd and industry watchers with a slew of new product announcements, virtually none of which the rumor-savvy Macintosh online news organizations predicted."



Gates predicted the opposite trajectory for Windows at COMDEX 2001



Across the first half of the 2000s, it wasn't just CES that had served as a podium for Gates' ineffectual vision for Windows. At COMDEX 2001 (two years before that trade show died) Gates had predicted the rise of Windows Tablet PC, a rewarmed copy of Apple's 1994 Newton MessagePad initiative (a platform Jobs had terminated as a distraction to Apple's focus back in 1998).



"The Tablet takes cutting-edge PC technology and makes it available wherever you want it, which is why I'm already using a Tablet as my everyday computer," Gates said in his keynote. "It's a PC that is virtually without limits  and within five years I predict it will be the most popular form of PC sold in America."







Gates' prediction of tablets taking over the conventional PC by 2006 didn't happen. Instead, a seemingly unlikely scenario played out: Jobs' Apple returned the Macintosh to commercial relevance as Windows Longhorn (aka Vista) lurked in vaporware status. That also set the stage for the second half of the decade, where Apple's investments in retail and mobility would devastate Microsoft's own efforts to build music players, smartphones and, ultimately, tablets.



2005-2009: Five more years of Window's collapse and the rise of iOS



At CES 2005, Microsoft's Gates suffered through an embarrassing "Blue Screen of Death" while showing off a still unfinished Windows Media Center. He also offered nebulous ideas about "Digital Entertainment Anywhere," including mentions of initiatives branded as "PlaysForSure," "Windows Media Connect" and "IPTV" without really articulating any clear vision how those strategies would be successfully implemented by the same OEMs that had failed to deliver Mira displays, Tablet PCs and SPOT watches over the previous five years.



At Macworld 2005 Apple launched the Mac Mini, iPod Shuffle, Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger, Final Cut Express HD, Pages with Keynote 2 in iWork 05 and iMovie HD in iLife 05. Later that year Apple would also announce its plans to shift from PowerPC to Intel-powered Macs, erasing a key economies of scale advantage in the Windows PC world.



At CES 2006, Microsoft unveiled Xbox 360 paired with HD-DVD, launching an expensive, failed disc battle with Sony's Playstation 3 and Blu-ray that hurt the entire industry. Gates also finally introduced Windows Mobile-based Portable Media Center devices. Later that year, the company introduced Zune, its ambitious plan to take on Apple's iPod itself, rather than leaning on PC makers as it had under its Android-like PlaysForSure initiative. Zune failed and took out Microsoft's broadly licensed PFS platform with it.



At the time, Thurrott observed, "Despite the size and scope of CES, expect Apple to generate more news and excitement next week with MacWorld than the entire CES show does this week. They're just on top of the world right now, so deal with it." "Despite the size and scope of CES, expect Apple to generate more news and excitement next week with MacWorld than the entire CES show does this week. They're just on top of the world right now, so deal with it" - Paul Thurrott



Apple had already overshadowed CES, despite the more general trade show having a week long head start. In successive years, Apple would eventually suck the oxygen out of CES without even participating in a parallel trade show, even when the majority of its announcements launched six months after CES at Apple's own Worldwide Developer Conference.



At Macworld 2006 Apple introduced the Intel-based MacBook Pro and iMac, and launched Intel versions of Mac OS X 10.4 Tiger, iWork 06 and iLife 06 apps. Rather than backing a disc format, Apple focused its efforts on digital downloads, setting up iTunes as the most popular place to buy movies, TV and eventually mobile apps--one critical aspect that would later drive the success of iOS.



At CES 2007 Microsoft's Gates again opened up the show, touting Windows Vista and Windows Home Server. Despite keynote appearances by Motorola's Ed Zander and Michael Dell, the entire event was blown out of the water by Apple.



That's because at Macworld 2007, Jobs unveiled iPhone (below), along with Apple TV and AirPort Extreme (with 802.11n wireless networking). While the iPhone launch most famously suffocated CES 2007, Apple had been releasing real products every year, incrementally building a business and the retail presence it would need to successfully launch a product like iPhone.







At CES 2008, Gates announced he would be retiring. The second most notable thing that happened there was that somebody from Gizmodo remotely turned off a bunch of the big TVs on display as a prank. And rather than seeing any real completion to Apple's iPhone, the site observed, "CES was absolute crap for phones."



At Macworld 2008, Jobs unveiled the new MacBook Air, and announced the new iPhone SDK that would launch the App Store the next month. Late that year, Apple also announced its decision to leave Macworld Expo, its last major trade show, in favor of featuring new product introductions at its own events throughout the year and launching new releases through its retail stores.



In retrospect, Apple's strategy was prescient and phenomenally successful: rather than attracting its customers to a third party event where competitors and copycats could compete for attention, Apple began launching its new iPhones, iPads, Macs--and most recently its latest Apple Watch--without distraction in a way that did not allow rivals to steal its show.



Apple Events look easy, but so far nobody else has been able to pull off similar product introductions.



At CES 2009, Microsoft's dominance of the trade show was clearly ending. The biggest news wasn't Windows but rather Palm's webOS-based Pre, the first smartphone to credibly challenge Apple's iPhone. Palm was fighting back after earlier ceding most of its smartphone market share to Microsoft's Windows Mobile, using a new platform many expected to make a serious dent in Apple's iOS.



However, the Pre didn't actually launch until the summer, when it ran smack into Apple's iPhone 3GS, a model that caught up to or exceeded virtually all of the exclusive features Palm had promised at CES. As it turned out, Apple's reliance on retail stores instead of trade shows allowed it to better fend off Palm's competitive threat.



2010-2015: Samsung, Android replace Microsoft at CES



Microsoft's damaged credibility collapsed at CES 2010. A decade after Gates had proclaimed Windows Tablet PC as being the future of computing, the company relaunched its troubled Tablet PC initiative as Slate PC in a partnership with HP.



It was an attempted preemptive strike against the tablet Apple was rumored to have been working on. The end result was even more embarrassing than its launch by Steve Ballmer.







Apple didn't need a Macworld Expo to launch iPad. It held its own event in San Francisco. And while the media mostly scoffed at iPad, the market embraced it while scoffing at the embarrassingly bulky and expensive UMPC and Slate PC products Microsoft had launched with PC makers such as Samsung and HP.



Apple's iPad went on to sell more tablets in its first year than Microsoft and all of its Tablet PC, UMPC and Slate PC partners had collectively sold over the previous decade.







Microsoft's loss of control over PC hardware makers was already apparent at CES, where Android was growing in prominence--largely to Verizon Wireless abandoning BlackBerry and backing the Motorola Droid. Google capitalized on the attention by subsequently launching its self-branded Nexus One, although it was almost immediately canceled after it failed to sell.



The following year, at CES 2011, Microsoft floated plans to port Windows from Intel x86 to ARM, in order to be able to better compete with Apple's iPad in performance and battery life. That ultimately helped to tear apart the tight partnership between Intel and Microsoft. But the new star of the show was Google's Android 3.0 Honeycomb, which planned to target ARM tablets ("the iPad") immediately.



The CES Best of Show tablet was the Honeycomb-powered Motorola Xoom, a failed product with unfinished software and major hardware issues. Its strongest feature was its dystopian ad that attempted to replicate the defiant humor of Apple's "1984" Mac introduction, but even that didn't work well.



Google's vision for Android 3.0 Honeycomb appeared to be pattered after Gates' Tablet PC, and it failed just as spectacularly. The star of CES turned out to be an embarrassing, expensive flop.







At the same time, Android licensees launched a series of new 4G phones that should have taken on the 3G-only iPhone by storm. Apple wouldn't deliver a 4G iPhone until late 2012, providing Android with a readily apparent, significantly differentiating feature. However, Android licensees failed to capitalize on 4G, in part because they launched unfinished products that weren't very good, suffering particularly from the rapid battery drain of first generation 4G chips.



At CES 2012, Microsoft announced that it would be leaving the trade show. Samsung effectively took over the show with the announcement of the Galaxy Note, a tablet-phone hybrid equipped with a stylus. Intel also made an ineffectual splash with Ultrabooks, its reference design copy of Apple's MacBook Air.



Apple enjoyed a blockbuster year without introducing anything really groundbreaking. After iOS 6, OS X Mountain Lion, the "New" iPad 3 followed by a new iPad mini and the underpowered Retina Display iPad 4, a slightly larger iPhone 5 and new Retina Display Macs, Apple announced a major restructuring as critics fronted "the story line" that Apple was running out of ideas and fated to be taken over by commodity producers such as Samsung.



At CES 2013, Samsung showed off big TVs, Blackberry released BB10 and Intel revealed its mobile Bay Trail Atom chips it would ultimately spend billions to convince Android tablet makers to use.



Apple didn't have to pay other companies to use its platform. It announced new downloads of 20 billion apps over the previous year. Then, in the middle of the year at WWDC, it released OS X Mavericks, the new appearance of iOS 7, the new Mac Pro, new MacBook Air and revamped iWork apps with a new web client.



Apple then unveiled iPhone 5c and the 64-bit A7-powered iPhone 5s with Touch ID. It then announced their initial launch on Japan's NTT DoCoMo and then China Mobile LTE early in 2014. Despite being physically smaller than virtually every other mainstream smartphone, the two iPhone models were consistently top sellers around the globe.







At CES 2014 announcements grew increasingly nebulous. Samsung introduced new big TVs and big tablets, but the fact that its spokesmodel Michael Bay flubbed his lines distracted from the products themselves. One of the more interesting announcements of the show was Nvidia's Tegra K1 chip, which promised to deliver Playstation 3-class graphics--and eventually a 64-bit CPU, just like Apple's A7--to mobile devices such as tablets.



Apple again left the media to pontificate--through its spring quiet period--about how the company was doomed because it hadn't revealed its hand at the beginning of the year. However, Apple demonstrated a new level of partnership savvy in launching CarPlay with a series of global carmakers; acquiring youth-oriented Beats and jointly working with IBM to deliver a new class of mobile enterprise apps for iPad.



At Apple's WWDC, the company demonstrated HomeKit and HealthKit for iOS 8 alongside OS X Yosemite and its new Continuity features, then launched iPhone 6 and 6 Plus (below) with a preview of Apple Watch and Apple Pay, then launched the new iPad Air 2 and 5K iMac, all at strategic points that left competitors flatfooted, right before the peak holiday sales season.







Google's Tegra K1-powered Nexus 9 was smoked at launch by Apple's secret new A8X inside the iPad Air 2, while Samsung's most profitable premium, large screen phones were eviscerated by Apple's thermonuclear launch of its first large iPhone models.



Further, all sales of smartwatches during the holiday season were frozen in limbo by the looming release of Apple Watch, as Apple Pay gobbled up attention and provided free advertising for iPhone 6, which still remains the only smartphone with functionality like Touch ID and ARMv8 64-bit processing.



C'ESt fini



It would be hard to imagine the orchestration of a more powerful series of interconnected product and technology launches than Apple pulled off at the end of 2014.







And there is simply no scenario where a general purpose tech convention like CES--particularly one held in January--could enable any one company to so completely dominate the market's attention span and suck up the majority of an entire industry's profits.



At CES 2015, Apple dominated the conversation because some of the most lucrative opportunities for third party developers and manufacturers are attached to iOS. Two broadly licensed platforms that saw significant attention were Apple's HomeKit and HealthKit. At this point, Apple doesn't need to upstage CES. It's already well represented by the companies who have jumped on the Apple bandwagon.



Fifteen years ago, Microsoft hoped to own tablets, phones and PCs, and detailed its roadmaps to get there at CES. Five years ago, Google and its Android and Chrome partners similarly aimed to take over tablets, phones and PC computing via CES introductions.



So far, all Google has done is give away its software to the same hardware makers who were unable to achieve Microsoft's vision. Samsung, which represented more than half of Android, has seen its profits collapse while Google itself has earned very little from its half decade of efforts to push Android (and Chrome).



The impressive progress Apple has made over the past 15 years is itself a reminder of how long it takes to cause major shifts in the PC industry, or to introduce and develop a potentially successful new platform. And there are plenty of examples of once powerful and rich companies that failed to affect the change they intended, from Nokia to Blackberry to Palm to Microsoft.



Going forward, Apple's largest potential threat appears to be the risk of internal failure, getting sidetracked or distracted away from its core values by too much self-assuredness. With Samsung on the ropes and Google failing to really turn things around, Apple appears to have little real external competition going into 2015, allowing the company to rapidly expand and build upon its existing successes.



Apple's 2015 is looking a lot like Microsoft's 1995.

A decade and a half ago, the old Apple Computer was barely taken seriously by much of the industry, but today Apple Inc. is by far the most profitable and most powerful company in technology, globally. It's also establishing industry trends (such as with CarPlay and Continuity ) for others to follow and advancing leading technologies in key areas (including Touch ID and 64-bit ARMv8 ) that its rivals can't seem to copy.Conversely, in areas where Apple has been beaten to market by rivals (in many cases by multiple years, such as with 4G LTE, large screen phones, mini tablets and NFC payments), it has immediately crushed its competitors once it did catch up, stealing away the lion's share of potential profits in each arena.Apple's ability to consistently overshadow everyone else at CES over the past 15 years offers clear insight into how the company's transformation occurred, but also offers advice to struggling, smaller rivals; highlights the problems inherent in broadly licensed platforms (like Windows and Android) and provides some clues of how the consumer electronics industry will play out into the future.Conveniently, Apple's 15 years of overshadowing CES begins with a decade of the company's successfully stealing the show from Microsoft, followed by the most recent five years of whipping Google and its Android partners (particularly Samsung), which have collectively inherited Microsoft's role at CES. (If you're not a fan of history, you can skip ahead to read about 2010-2015).Over the first ten years of the new millennium, Apple grew to fame within an industry largely beholden to Microsoft. Bill Gates began the decade presiding over the most powerful firm--by far--in consumer technology. However, in just ten years the two companies experienced a dramatic reversal of fortune, where Apple actually surpassed Microsoft in revenues.Gates opened CES each year with an evolving set of promises and predictions centered around how the world's manufacturers would implement Microsoft's ideas.In hindsight, Gates' vision for Microsoft--and CES in general--was consistently a delusional failure. At the time, Apple didn't have hundreds of companies telling journalists that they were working to deliver Apple's vision, so Microsoft's version of events was originally the only one that the mainstream tech media recited.That incrementally changed throughout the decade as Jobs' vision for Apple, initially presented at the parallel Macworld Expo, consistently beat Microsoft's in its originality, practicality and in the operational competence behind it (thanks in large part to Tim Cook).A primary key factor underlining its success in the 2000s was the fact that Apple actually developed working, finished ideas and was able to ship them. 1 Tech Company With More Patent Prowess Than Apple Inc. or Samsung Electronics Apple and Samsung always win the patent headlines because the two tech giants unceasingly tango over who owns what mobile technology. Despite all the public drama, it's actually IBM (NYSE:IBM) that dominates the U.S. patent office.

According to IFI Claims Patents Services, IBM was awarded 7,534 patents in 2014 -- the only company to ever receive more than 7,000 patents in a single year -- taking the top spot for the 22nd consecutive year. Meanwhile Samsung took the No. 2 spot, and Apple came in at No. 11.

IBM's patent trove has been built in part from its research and development spending, which is approaching highs the company hasn't seen since the early 1990s.

But while all the R&D spending certainly helps in gaining new patents, it doesn't bring in a whole lot in yearly revenue. The company is estimated to bring in about $1 billion in annual patent royalties, compared to its nearly $100 billion in total revenue.

Meanwhile Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), which came in at No. 5 with patent awards in 2014, earns nearly $2 billion every year just on its mobile patents used in Android devices. ZDNet notes that Microsoft may earn anywhere between $10 and $32 for every Samsung Galaxy S5 sold, and $5 to $16 for other Android phones. For compairson's sake, Microsoft spent more than $11.3 billion in research and development last year compared to IBM's $6.2 billion.

Mobile chipmaker Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) consistenly brings in some serious revenue from its patent licensing -- more than $30.5 billion over the past five years. The company owns a treasure trove of 3G and 4G patent technology that mobile companies need to connect their mobile devices to the Internet. What's interesting is that Qualcomm has spent less on R&D every year for the past 10 years than IBM has, yet it makes much more from its patents.

That should be something IBM considers in light of the company's falling revenue.

Since 2012, the company's sales have been on a steep decline, partially because companies have moved more toward cloud computing solutions while IBM has been left trying to catch up. CEO Ginni Rometty recently updated the company's business organization and management to make IBM more competitive and focus more on security, analytics, and commerce. But it could take a while for the reorganization to bring any significant changes at the company.

Meanwhile, the Financial Times is reporting (paywall) that IBM is looking to its latest mainframe computer to breath new financial life into the company. Hardware makes up just 11% of IBM's business right now, but FT says that between a quarter and a third of the company's profits stem from mainframes because of the additional software and services sold with them. That should help bring up revenue in the short term, but IBM's long-term plans need more than a harkening back to old revenue streams.

Which brings us back to IBM's patent trove. While the company is busy restructuring and looking for new areas of growth, hopefully IBM will take a page out Qualcomm's notebook and develop patents it can make significant revenue from over the long-term. If not, it would appear that earning the most patents year after year isn't really worth all that much. 
2015-04-14
2 Top Stocks to Invest in Phablets: Samsung Group and Apple Inc. A decade ago, the word "phablet" -- a portmanteau of phone and tablet -- didn't exist. But today, the market for phablets, which are larger than regular smartphones but smaller than tablets, is growing faster than the markets for those other devices.

IDC expects global sales of phablets to grow at a whopping compound annual growth rate of 60% from 2014 to 2018. By comparison, sales of regular smartphones are only expected to climb by 5.5%, while sales of tablets and 2-in-1 devices are projected to rise 6.8%. By 2018, IDC expects phablets to account for 24.4% of all connected devices, compared to 51.2% for smartphones and 12.5% for tablets and 2-in-1 devices. The remainder is expected to be made up of portable and desktop PCs.

Therefore, investors might wonder which companies will benefit the most from that phablet growth. A good place to start would be the top phablet makers in the world: Samsung (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF) and Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL).

Samsung

Samsung is widely credited with starting the phablet revolution with the Galaxy Note in 2011. The Note whetted consumers' appetites for larger phones, which led to the launch of the wildly popular 4.8-inch Galaxy S3 in 2012. That year, the S3 outsold Apple's iPhone 4S, securing Samsung's position as the top smartphone maker in the world.

Samsung's success continued with the S4, but its streak was broken when the S5 failed to outsell both its predecessor and the iPhone in 2014. Apple's launch of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus last September nullified Samsung's big-screen advantage, while low-cost rivals like Xiaomi and Micromax lured away midrange customers. Sales of phablets also slipped year-over-year -- Samsung only sold 4.5 million Note 4 units within the first month, down from 5 million Note 3 units in its first month in 2013. As for the new Note Edge variant with the curved screen, only 630,000 units were shipped between November 2014 and February 2015, according to Korean tech site DT.

All that pressure caused Samsung's global market share to slip from 29% to 20% from the fourth quarter of 2013 to the same period of 2014. Its mobile profits plunged 64% year over year last quarter.

Looking ahead, things are looking a bit brighter. For example, BNP Paribas analyst Peter Yu expects Samsung to ship 44 million S6 units this year, compared to 38 million S5 devices. However, Samsung still needs to outmaneuver makers of cheaper smartphones and phablets in emerging markets while preventing high-end Android users from switching over to rival Android platforms or iPhones.

Apple

Meanwhile, Apple's entrance into the phablet market has been explosive. Last quarter, sales of iPhones surged 46% year over year to 74.5 million units, compared to Samsung's sales of 73 million smartphones across all price tiers.

That massive growth also helped Apple's iOS top Google (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Android during the holiday season in the U.S., Japan, and Australia, according to Kantar Worldpanel ComTech. The iPhone 6 Plus also captured 41% of the U.S. phablet market within its first month of availability. Another study from Counterpoint Research found that key Asian markets including China, Japan, and South Korea all favor the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, indicating that it was stealing that Note 4's thunder.

Another key advantage Apple has over Samsung is brand appeal. A recent survey from the Hurun Research Institute in Shanghai found that Apple was the top brand for gifting among China's richest men and women. That status-symbol appeal enables Apple to sell cheaper hardware at higher prices, which gives it a magic mix of high sales and margins that Samsung and other smartphone makers can't replicate.

However, investors should recognize Apple's biggest weakness -- its overwhelming dependence on iPhone sales, which accounted for 69% of its top line last quarter. Unless Apple can diversify its top line with stronger Mac sales, new products such as Apple Watch, or new services like streaming TV, a single dip in iPhone sales could dent the stock.

The future

Phablets are certainly here to stay. A recent survey from market research organization AYTM found that 39% of respondents planned to buy a phablet as their next smartphone, which reinforces IDC's optimistic sales projections.

However, investors should be aware that the phablet market is a crowded space filled with a huge number of hungry OEMs. Low-margin start-ups, helped along by turnkey mobile solutions from Qualcomm (NASDAQ: QCOM), are lowering price expectations across the market.

In this market, Apple has a clear advantage over Samsung due to its brand appeal, but that doesn't make it invincible. Investors should also remember that if smartphone sales keep fading, Samsung can fall back on its other businesses, such as consumer electronics and semiconductors. Apple, however, isn't diversified enough to withstand a slowdown in iPhone sales. Apple Inc. Sued For Alleged Copycat Work In Ad Campaign An artist recently sued Apple over the use of some work published as part of its  Start Something New  campaign. Romero Britto filed the lawsuit, alleging that artwork similar to his appeared on one section of the official Apple website. The art was used to show examples of artwork to inspire users with various apps.

Apple art infringement

The piece in question is credited to Craig & Karl and was described to encourage use of painting app Waterlogue on the iPad Air 2. Apple retail stores reportedly featured the same artwork. The court documents filed with the United States District Court of the Southern District of Florida say people who thought he did the work himself contacted him.

According to the documents, the reports ranged from incorrect congratulations to collector inquiries who wanted to know if Britto was behind the work seen via Apple. He soon discovered that Craig & Karl created similar art for years. The filing states Britto s trademark style is using thick black lines, bright colors, and various pattern combinations. A visual comparison shows strong similarities between the artists  styles.

Britto s lawyer opens up about lawsuit

Britto is well-known for this work as it is displayed in many locations throughout the world. He has also teamed up with companies for various advertising campaigns. His lawyer Robert Zacco described him as a peace-loving guy who doesn t usually file lawsuits. He is only filing the lawsuit because he believes his work is professionally abused and needs to defend his property.

He filed the lawsuit on April 6, and it contains a total of 29 pages. The lawsuit names Karl Maier, one-half of the Craig & Karl art team. He previously contacted Apple and requested that they stopp using Craig & Karl s art but did not receive a response. He is seeking fees in damages and legal matters. Britto also filed an injunction against Apple for using the art. 
2015-01-21
Apple, Inc.: Will Investors Party Like It's 2012? For most of 2012, Apple, (NASDAQ:AAPL) could do no wrong in the eyes of investors. In the first 3 months of the year, Apple stock rallied more than 50%. After giving up some gains, shares skyrocketed again, peaking with a 70% year-to-date gain in mid-September. Apple stock slumped badly to end the year, but still ended with a gain of nearly 30%, crushing the broader market.

From a fundamental standpoint, Apple may benefit from similar tailwinds in 2015 as it did in 2012: primarily margin expansion. This could catalyze another year of strong outperformance for Apple stock.

Apple's margins soared in 2012

Rapid sales growth for both the iPhone and iPad product lines clearly played a big role in driving Apple's 2012 outperformance. However, margin expansion was an equally important source of profit growth. As the chart below clearly shows, Apple's gross margin and net margin rose through most of the period from 2005-2011 before peaking in 2012.

Apple's strong margin performance in 2012 had a few key sources. The most important factor was a rapid increase in the iPhone's profit contribution. The iPhone 4S carried a very high gross margin because it maintained the same form factor as the iPhone 4. This meant that a lot of components could be reused, and electronics components prices tend to decrease significantly over time.

Apple also benefited from a favorable mix shift, as sales of the iPhone -- its most profitable product -- skyrocketed. In the quarter ending in December 2011 (and reported in January 2012), iPhone unit sales jumped 128%. In the March 2012 quarter, iPhone unit sales jumped 88%.

With sales of highly profitable iPhones (roughly) doubling and gross margin on those devices rising as well, it shouldn't be surprising that Apple's earnings soared. (Even declining iPod sales and slower growth in Mac sales couldn't drag down Apple's overall results.)

2012 redux?

The days of iPhone sales doubling year-over-year are gone. The law of large numbers has caught up with Apple; its sheer size puts practical limits on how fast sales can grow in the future.

Still, Apple is in the midst of a noticeable upswing in iPhone sales growth. Almost all Wall Street analysts agree that iPhone sales surged last quarter compared to the 51 million sold in the December 2013 quarter. A few think that December quarter iPhone sales may have exceeded 70 million, representing roughly 40% unit growth.

By contrast, the rest of Apple is barely growing, as iPod sales continue to decline and iPad sales have been in a rut for the past year as well. In the September quarter, iPhone revenue rose 21% year-over-year but Apple's non-iPhone revenue rose less than 3%. This means that iPhone sales growth is having a significant impact on Apple's product mix.

Gross margin within the iPhone product line is on the rise, too. First, the iPhone 6 Plus costs $100 more (in the U.S.) than Apple previously charged for its top-of-the-line iPhones. Strong demand for the iPhone 6 Plus will benefit gross margin because the incremental production cost is much lower. A shift in demand toward models with more storage is also lifting gross margin.

Apple has projected that gross margin will reach 37.5%-38.5% in the December quarter compared to 37.9% in the year-earlier period. Apple has been regularly beating its gross margin guidance, though. It wouldn't be surprising if gross margin hit 39% or even 40% last quarter.

Moreover, Apple ended the December quarter with tight iPhone supply. In the first few weeks of the March quarter, iPhone sales momentum has remained strong. The relatively late Chinese New Year (Feb. 19, compared to Jan. 31 last year) should also stimulate higher sales in China this quarter. These factors should contribute to a smaller-than-typical seasonal decline in iPhone sales this quarter.

Apple's March quarter gross margin could also benefit if the Apple Watch goes on sale in the next 2 months. (Early adopters tend to buy more expensive and higher-margin Apple products.) Lastly, App Store sales -- which have gross margins of nearly 100% -- hit a record high earlier this month.

In short, there are a lot of factors working together to boost Apple's gross margin. Gross margin typically rises sequentially in the March quarter. Last year, it increased by 1.4 percentage points. Apple's big tailwinds this year could drive even bigger gains, lifting gross margin well into the 40%-45% range for the March quarter.

Risk factors

In the March 2012 quarter, Apple's gross margin surged to a record of 47.4%. Apple probably can't duplicate that feat, but it is poised to deliver its best gross margin results since 2012 this year. This could drive rapid earnings growth.

The strong dollar represents the biggest risk to Apple's gross margin performance this year. As the dollar rises against other currencies, Apple brings in less revenue for every iPhone or iPad sold abroad (assuming that it doesn't change its local currency prices).

Longer-term, it is possible that gross margin will start to fall again later this year (as it did later in 2012). For example, if the next-generation iPhones don't offer a significant upgrade compared to the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, customers might gravitate to discounted older models with lower gross margins.

The most likely scenario is that Apple's gross margin will settle in lower than the glory days of 2012 but appreciably higher than the "dark" days of 2013. That's good enough to make Apple stock look like a bargain at less than 14 times forward earnings, compared to 17 times earnings for the rest of the market. By How Much Will Apple, Inc. Increase Its Dividend This Year? Despite only two years of dividend history, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is an excellent dividend stock. Where its dividend history lacks, its cash flow makes up for it. Thanks to Apple's $50 billion in annual free cash flow, Apple's dividend yield looks poised to see an annual increase for years to come, this year included.

Apple as a dividend stock

Former Apple CEO Steve Jobs hated dividends. And it's probably good that he did. During his second reign as CEO, almost every dollar spent on capital expenditures, research and development, and marketing seemed to pay off handsomely. The results of spending and investments under Jobs after his comeback in 1997 were the revolutionary candy-colored iMacs, iPods, iPhones, and then iPads.

During Apple's incredibly hot streak after Jobs took the reigns again in 1997 to his resignation in 2011, the company's revenue absolutely skyrocketed, catapulting Apple to be the world's most valuable publicly traded company.

With this sort of revenue growth, investors had no reason to complain about the company's capital allocation policies.

But with annual revenue of more than $100 billion and profit margins close to 44% in 2011, investors were getting antsy. The pile of cash on Apple's balance sheet just kept getting larger. Shortly after Jobs passed, the once despised but now inevitable finally happened: Apple announced a dividend. The move was one of the first major steps Apple CEO Tim Cook made in what would become the world's biggest program to return cash to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases -- by far.

Today, there's really no way to argue against an Apple annual dividend. The company is bringing in $182.8 billion in revenue and $50 billion in free cash flow on an annual basis. And then, of course, there is its $158.8 billion in cash and marketable securities.

Today, Apple pays out $0.47 per share quarterly, or $1.77 annually. That's up from a split-adjusted $0.38 per share when Apple paid its first dividend under Cook in 2012. The company increased its dividend in 2013 and again in 2014.

More dividend increases are coming

Apple's 2014 dividend increase won't be the company's last. In fact, it is probably far from it. Apple's current dividend as a percentage of earnings is just 28%, reflecting just how much room to spare Apple has for further increases in the coming years. Indeed, Apple said in a 2014 press release that it plans to increase its dividend on an annual basis.

Today, share repurchases make up the majority of Apple's capital return program. Apple's current capital return program has authorized $90 billion for repurchases, of which $68 billion has already been spent. But with shares much pricier than they were when the company last updated its capital return program, share repurchases won't bring as much value to shareholders as they did in 2013 and early 2014, making dividends look a bit more enticing than they did in the past. If Apple management still believes its shares are not overvalued, there is plenty of room for more of both dividends and repurchases. It takes a lot of giving to make a dent in a $158.8 billion war chest when Apple is bringing in $50 billion in free cash flow each year.

My guess is that Apple will boost its dividend by 8% or more this year, in line with Apple's 2014 dividend increase. Indeed, Apple's cash flow could support 8% dividend increases for years, making this prediction quite conservative.

Beyond Apple's dividend, hopefully the company continues to repurchase shares aggressively -- maybe even aggressively enough to finally make a dent in its mind-boggling cash hoard. The Secret To Apple's Ongoing Success Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has reported record-breaking iPhone sales results nearly every quarter for the past four years. The company is expected to keep the trend going when it reports its fiscal 2015 first quarter results on Tuesday, January 27 at 5:00 p.m. ET.

"I think you're going to have the iPhone sales up near the high end of the range -- maybe at the very high end of what analysts are expecting," Cody Willard, chairman of financial social network Scutify, told Benzinga.

It's no secret that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are very successful. But what is the secret to Apple's overall success?

Related Link: Apple Created A Special Team To Win Sony's Former Customers

"Apple created a new market and a new need and created raving fans, not customers," Sachin Lulla, a partner in IBM's North American automotive practice, told Benzinga. "I think the reason they were able to do that is they were open to partnerships. They truly believed in innovation as the key to changing the game."

Apple surprised the world in July 2014 when the company announced that it had formed a global partnership with International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) to transform enterprise mobility.

"IBM clearly has been part of the mobility effort from an enterprise standpoint, agnostic of the operating system, for a long time now," said Lulla. "It made perfect sense for both companies to come together and truly transform the enterprise through mobility, bringing Apple's design philosophies, the iOS platform and IBM's industry expertise."

A 'Game Changer'

Lulla said that by leveraging IBM's resources and working jointly with Apple to develop specific apps, it will be a "game changer for anyone looking at mobility within the enterprise."

"Based on the approach to that effort, we've trained our teams extensively around the design aspects of mobile design development," said Lulla. "Our mobile development practice is very integrated with our design methodology and our user experience team. IBM is actually the world's largest digital agency."

Lulla wasn't involved in deciding the partnership, so he couldn't say why Apple was chosen over Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) or Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT). He did say that IBM continues to develop and support mobility efforts for enterprises across all of these platforms.

"The Apple alliance does give us an edge to bring the iOS and Apple design philosophies to mobile development, which clearly the market has appreciated," Lulla added. "But again, we are working with multiple clients across all these platforms."

Ready In Advance

IBM works hand-in-hand with Apple before each major iOS upgrade is released. Lulla thinks this is a "big benefit" for CIOs, particularly with the growth of the BYOD (bring your own device) concept. He said that Apple and IBM conduct joint pretests before any major release comes out for enterprises.

"That way any unknown impacts to existing applications, existing devices in the enterprise for select clients is minimized or mitigated or addressed," Lulla explained. "With every release of iOS, we will be working jointly with Apple on their efforts."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Cody Willard Google IBM iOS MicrosoftTop Stories Exclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Samsung's Tizen Could Flank Google Inc. and Apple Inc. in This $71 Billion Market Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) recently announced in a blog post that it would unleash a "flood of devices" running Tizen, its own operating system, later this year. Tizen currently powers some of Samsung's wearable devices and cameras, but the company now plans to expand that ecosystem with Tizen smart TVs and appliances. That plan complements Samsung's recent launch of the Z1, its first Tizen-powered smartphone, in India.

Expanding Tizen can help Samsung decrease its dependence on the Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android smartphone market, where it has lost ground against cheaper Chinese rivals like Xiaomi and Lenovo. If Samsung ever replaces all of its Android devices with Tizen ones, it could own the third largest mobile OS in the world after Android and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS.

But Tizen's real strength isn't in mobile devices. Instead, it represents a way for Samsung to flank Google and Apple in the booming "smart home" market, which Juniper Research expects to grow from $33 billion in 2013 to $71 billion by 2018.

Consumer electronics and the Internet of Things

Many investors solely focus on Samsung's mobile business, which accounted for 52% of its revenue and 43% of its operating profit last quarter. That's why Samsung's loss of market share (from 32.5% to 23.8% between the third quarters of 2013 and 2014, according to IDC) was so troubling.

Yet many people overlook Samsung's consumer electronics (CE) division, which accounted for 24% of its revenue but a mere 1% of its operating profit last quarter. The CE division sells monitors and TVs, home appliances, printers, and medical equipment.

Many of those devices will eventually be tethered to the Internet of Things (IoT), a market which IDC forecasts will grow from $1.9 trillion in 2013 to $7.1 trillion in 2020.

Low margins, big ecosystem potential

Samsung manufactures roughly a fifth of the world's flat panel TVs, according to Strategy Analytics. Margins for TVs have dramatically declined over the past few years due to market commoditization, but newer smart TVs can act as central hubs for Samsung's Tizen and Android devices.

Since Apple and Google don't have big consumer electronics arms, they rely on partnerships with manufacturers of smart lightbulbs, smart locks, and other connected devices to advance its smart home plans. Samsung can simply sell those devices out of its CE business.

Apple's smart home platform, HomeKit, turns an iPhone or Apple TV set-top box into a universal remote for connected devices. Google plans to make Nest, the smart thermostat it acquired last year, into a central hub for smart devices.

The flaw with Apple's approach is that it will be narrowly restricted to iPhone owners, who account for 12% of the worldwide market (IDC), or a niche group of Apple TV owners. Google's strategy relies on consumers purchasing an unfamiliar smart thermostat to get the ball rolling. By comparison, Samsung can simply convert its newer TVs into smart home hubs.

How Tizen could grow

In the future, consumers might receive notifications from their Samsung oven, washer, dryer, refrigerator, or robot vacuums on their smart TV screens. This means that they would need to check on their appliances less often.

Samsung's own smartwatches and mobile devices could also connect directly to its TVs soon. The company turned the Gear into a remote control for its smart TVs in late 2013 via an app, but we still haven't seen a closer integration of health tracking features on wearables with smart TVs yet. Consumers can also mirror the screens of select Samsung Galaxy phones onto its smart TVs via a wireless hub.

If Samsung launches more Tizen devices and TVs, these products will operate under the same OS umbrella, which will make it easier to introduce better cross-device features. This means that TVs and smartwatches could work together and remind users to walk around every hour, and smart appliance notifications could be delivered directly to users' wrists.

Samsung took a big step toward linking all these devices together by acquiring SmartThings, an open platform for IoT devices, last year. Last November, it launched the SmartThings hub, which pulls data from their Samsung smart devices onto a mobile app. Pairing SmartThings with Tizen could eventually transform Tizen from a niche OS into a mainstream one for smart homes.

Don't count Samsung out yet

Apple and Google are well poised to grow their presence across the smart home industry, but neither company should ignore Samsung. Tizen doesn't have much of a presence on mobile devices yet, but if Samsung properly leverages its large CE business to spread Tizen across smart appliances, it could seriously hamper Apple and Google's IoT ambitions. Apple Earnings Preview: Prelude To A Year Of Remarkable Growth  Apple: Examining The iPad Issue  Apple, AT&T, Verizon, HTC Get Win In Adaptix IP Suits Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Apple Inc. Products Stand Out In State Of The Union Address Apple products stole the spotlight during last night s presidential State of the Union address. As political experts and commentators kept their focus on President Obama, tech fans kept their focus on how all the high-end notebooks prominently showed off the Apple logo in the press gallery for the event.

The sheer number of MacBook Pros and MacBook Air laptops made it look like an ad for Apple. This isn t surprising given the fact that professionals in most industries tend to prefer Apple over other technology brands.

Apple stepping up its lobbying efforts

Apple also hopes to counter government scrutiny, which is why the tech giant is stepping up lobbying efforts. The company s chief executive officer, Tim Cook, recently paid a visit to the United States Capitol. During the visit, he posed with a Republican Senator Orrin Hatch, who is on the Senate Finance Committee this year. This was one of the many meetings Cook had during his trip.

Apple continues to fight against an increasing amount of scrutiny. As the world s valuable company, it s not surprising everyone, including the United States government, is keeping a close eye on it. Although the company s late co-founder, Steve Jobs, never paid visits to the Capitol himself, his company still lobbied Congress, the White House and 13 government departments last year. In 2009, the tech giant only lobbied Congress and six agencies.

The tech giant s lobbying group focused its concerns on 39 issues, including copyright and patent reform, e-book publishing, online safety, mobile medical device regulation, health software applications and safe driving. The company is also putting a focus on growing sectors of the tech industry like cloud services. Last year s iCloud breach involving the infamous celebrity photo hack put the company in a bad place. Online security is important, and it is necessary to find a way to improve security for all.

via: TUAW Increased adoption of iPhone 6 Plus in US, China set to boost Apple Inc profit ... Usage data from Apple's two largest markets is showing a significant increase in buyers' preference for the large display of iPhone 6 Plus as supply increases, indicating a richer profit mix destined to polish the company's earnings.



New usage data reported by AppLovin indicates that Apple's more expensive, 5.5 inch iPhone 6 Plus is incrementally increasing in its popularity when compared to the 4.7 inch iPhone 6 model, in both the U.S. and in China.In late November, the firm reported that iPhone 6 Plus accounted for 20 percent of U.S. usage and 35 percent in China in data observed through the end of October.Through the first week of January however, the adoption ratio for iPhone 6 Plus increased 5 percentage points in both markets, reaching 25 percent in the U.S. and 40 percent in China."This much movement in two of the largest smartphone markets is significant, especially if you consider that these new ratios aren't just for new sales of devices," the company explained."Because the original devices sold in the first month and a half of the availability at a 80/20 or 65/35 pace are still active--the new devices added have to dilute the original ratios."The usage data may indicate that buyers of the larger model are using it more, the initially constrained supplies of iPhone 6 Plus indicate, as the firm states, "the iPhone 6 Plus is booming--and all indications are that demand for this device outstripped demand by a wide margin."Independent research by Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty provided even richer preference ratios for iPhone 6 Plus, the the U.S. (26 percent) but principally in China, where 51 percent of buyers said they planned to buy Apple's largest phone. Those numbers also included iPhone 5s and "other iPhone" as options in the mix.Huberty also highlighted the higher Average Selling Price and profit margin of iPhone 6 Plus over the base iPhone 6, and the fact that more than half of all buyers (of both iPhone 6 and 6 Plus) were opting to splurge for the premium priced 64GB or 128GB tiers, which deliver even higher margins, as much as 61 percent greater than the 16GB entry models. 
2015-04-24
Apple Inc. Stock Ratio Analysis Many headlines about Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) focus solely on iPhone sales, Apple Watch sales, or rumors about upcoming products. Amid all that noise, investors shouldn't lose sight of what matters the most: the fundamentals. Let's see what Apple's key numbers tell us about the stock's future.

The key numbers

To understand what makes Apple stock tick, we should check a few key figures: operating margins, sales growth, earnings growth, and its dividend yield.

Operating margin 30% Sales growth (past 5 years) 250% Net income growth (past 5 years) 263% Dividend yield 1.5% Payout ratio 25%

In addition to those solid numbers, Apple still trades with a P/E ratio of 17. That makes it significantly cheaper than the S&P 500 and the NASDAQ 100, which trade at 21 and 23 times earnings, respectively.

Apple's dividend yield of 1.5% is slightly lower than the S&P 500's average yield of 1.9%. However, that's still a decent yield for a stock that has already rallied 70% over the past 12 months. During that period, the S&P 500 only rose 13% as the NASDAQ gained 23%.

Massive margins

In addition to being a fairly cheap stock, Apple's margins are tough to match. If we compare its operating margins to direct hardware rivals like Hewlett-Packard (NYSE:HPQ) and BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY), Apple easily comes out on top.

Apple's margins shouldn't be directly compared to Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), since the latter also manufactures other consumer electronics, appliances, semiconductors, and other products. However, investors should compare the gross margins of their flagship mobile devices.

Last year, an IHS teardown revealed that the 16GB iPhone 6, which costs $649, cost just $200 to manufacture. By comparison, the 32GB Galaxy S5, which originally cost $650, had a BOM of $256. Credit Suisse estimates that after development, marketing, shipping, and other expenses are added, the 16GB iPhone 6 costs $350.60 to produce, and Apple receives $599 of its $649 retail price. That gives the iPhone 6 a gross profit margin of 41.5%.

41.5% might sound healthy, but it's actually the lowest margin of any iPhone. Nonetheless, Credit Suisse believes that robust sales will offset those lower margins.

Top line growth

Apple's top line growth flattens both direct competitors and indirect rivals like Sony (NYSE:SNE), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL).

However, that growth has a glaring weakness -- its top-heavy dependence on iPhones, which accounted for 69% of its top line last quarter. During the quarter, Apple's iPhone revenue rose 57% year-over-year as shipments climbed 46% to 74.5 million units. If that growth eventually slips due to rising competition, Apple's stock could take a massive hit.

Apple is trying to diversify its top line with new products like the Apple Watch. But even if the device hits analyst expectations of around 20 million shipments in 2015, it would merely account for single-digit percentages of its annual revenue. Meanwhile, robust Mac sales, which accounted for 9% of Apple's top line last quarter, might offset weak sales of iPads, which plummeted 22% year-over-year.

Dividend growth and buybacks

Over the past 12 months, Apple has spent $11.2 billion on dividends and $44.3 billion on stock buybacks. Apple had a free cash flow of $59.7 billion during that period.

Investors should remember that Apple partially finances those dividends and buybacks by issuing debt. It does so to avoid being slapped by a big tax bill for repatriating its overseas cash, which stood at a whopping $158 billion (89% of all its cash and short term investments) at the end of the first quarter.

Apple reintroduced its dividend in 2012. As for buybacks, Apple faces a lot of pressure, particularly from activist investor Carl Icahn, to buy back more shares.

Bigger dividend boosts would encourage more investors to view Apple as a long-term investments instead of a short-term trading yo-yo, while additional buybacks will boost its earnings.

The key takeaways

Apple stock is cheap, its top and bottom line growth remain healthy, and the company will likely boost dividends and buybacks in the near future. Apple's overwhelming dependence on the iPhone is its Achilles' heel, but it will likely sidestep the commoditization of the smartphone market by carefully building its reputation as a luxury brand. Apple Inc. Mishap Proves Fans Should Not Cheat It was just a couple of days ago that an Apple Inc. mishap proved that fans of the products should not cheat on their girlfriends. On Twitter, a Japanese woman posted a picture of many Apple Inc. products drowning in a bathtub full of water. The woman posted that her reasoning for destroying the technology was because she found out her boyfriend was cheating. While some said that her methods were harsh, others posted comments of approval.

Apple Inc. is always coming out with new products. Their desire to innovate has taken them far beyond the advances of technology, until of course other companies catch up. Then it is off to find the next best thing. Their new smart watch has just created the next big trend, it seems, and a patent application shows their intention of providing users with a whole new touch experience. With Apple Inc. being one of the leaders in technology, products can get pretty pricey.

Being a fan of Apple Inc. s technology products will cost a pretty penny. Yet, the woman seemed less concerned with the cost and more concerned about her boyfriend s unfaithfulness. As the man was apparently a fan who bragged at the fact that he had nearly every Apple Inc. product, he owned at least a couple of iPhones, an iMac, an iPad, two MacBooks, and several accessories, which now no longer work, proving he should not have cheated.

The woman wrote that it was the perfect revenge. For a person to destroy their boyfriend s prized possessions after he cheats to prove a point, can probably be relieving, but this mishap in which Apple Inc. products were soaked to no return should probably not have been taken lightly. If the boyfriend wanted to get even with his, now, ex he could probably sue her for the cost of the damaged products, being that the soaked Apple Inc. collection is worth thousands of dollars. Since, after tossing every product into the bath, the woman posted the picture on Twitter for the whole world to see and even sent the picture to the cheating boyfriend, he definitely has the evidence. So does everyone else that uses Twitter.

For all those who love Apple Inc. products, the picture was most likely painful to look at. Even those who were not necessarily into all of the Apple Inc. products, the picture could have still been painful, as seeing all of that expensive technology ruined can just be heartbreaking. Though most of the comments were in Japanese, many social media users took one side or the other.

While the woman got over 10,000 favorites and had her post re-tweeted 15,900 times, many commented on their disapproval of her technological destruction. Others took her side and cheered her on for getting revenge against her cheating boyfriend. Should the boyfriend have the money to replace all of the expensive Apple Inc. products that went to waste, perhaps he will think next time before cheating, or at least hide his beloved technology from his significant other.

For now, this Apple Inc. mishap should be a lesson to fans everywhere that if they decide to cheat, it should not be forgotten that a woman s revenge can be devastating, if not dangerous. Though cheating is not a good thing in the eyes of most, those who do decide to commit to the act should at least hide their technology before other women get the same idea.

Opinion by Crystal Boulware

Sources:

Value Walk

Like this: Like Loading... Apple Watch Ignites Fintech Community, Inspires New Apps Earlier this month, Benzinga wrote about the 22 fintech apps that are coming to Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s smartwatch. In the days that followed, many more fintech companies told Benzinga about their development plans for Apple Watch.

"It's definitely something we are discussing and thinking through from a UI standpoint, especially as a means of serving notifications with the native mobile app, but it's not something we have a current delivery ETA on," Peter Hans, co-founder and president of Harvest, told Benzinga. "That said, I think the watch has a ton of potential as a means of delivering timely user notifications."

Mike Sha, co-founder and CEO of SigFig, told Benzinga why his company is supporting the watch at launch.

"SigFig has always been committed to embracing cutting edge technologies that enhance the SigFig experience for our users," said Sha. "As a result, we're pleased to have been approached by Apple early on to develop an Apple Watch app ahead of the watch's release. I believe that we'll start to see meaningful maturation of the wearables segment now that Apple has entered the market."

Related Link: Apple Watch Reviews: 10 Things We Learned From The Critics

Sha realizes that the Apple Watch may not be right for all fintech companies.

"It really depends on a company's product offering and target customer," he said. "Just because a company can release an app for the Apple Watch doesn't mean it should. A lot of it depends on the product's use-case."

On April 22, Motif Investing unveiled its brand-new app for Apple Watch. Dan Raju, co-founder, chairman and CEO of Tradier, also informed Benzinga that his company has two teams (one in San Francisco and one in New York) working on an Apple Watch app.

"The wearables market is in it's infancy and early adopters are swarming to the Apple Watch just like they did for the first iPhone," Sha added. "It's no secret that the watch is heavily backordered, so Friday's retail sales should be strong."

Sha does not expect the Apple Watch to peak overnight, however.

"I believe that, just like we saw with the first iPhone, it'll take some time for the app ecosystem to develop," he concluded. "But Apple is obviously very good at defining new categories and making them mainstream and we are excited to be there early."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Apple Watch Dan Raju Harvest Mike Sha Motif InvestingTop Stories Exclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-01-14
Best Stock 2015: Apple, Inc. This article is part of the series Top Tech Stocks 2015. Click here to read other installments of this series.

It's that time of year again.

As is so often the case when a new year begins, investors are surveying the field in search of new investing ideas, and I'm here to help in my own small way. Recently, I briefly highlighted my five favorite technology stocks that I believe long-term investors should consider adding to their portfolios in 2015.

And in this follow-up piece, I'll examine in greater detail why I believe technology giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) still has room to run in the year ahead.

Apple set to hit new highs

Apple's financial performance over FY 2015 can largely be boiled down to a single sentence. As the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus go, so goes Apple. We know now that the iPhone has blossomed into a $100 billion business, and that same mind-boggling success isn't likely to abate any time soon, for several reasons.

For starters, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus offer several technological upgrades over its predecessor. Broadly speaking, the new iPhones are larger, thinner, and faster than the iPhone 5s, and new features such as the Health app and Apple Pay offer enough differentiation to encourage consumers to upgrade. However, the primary underlying factor that should drive the vast majority of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus sales is simply age.

Apple's installed base of iPhone users is absolutely massive. And for a number of reasons, much of Apple's user base was still using either the iPhone 4 and 4s at the time of the iPhone and 6 Plus' debut. Case in point: An estimated 49% and 69% of American and Chinese iPhone users, respectively, owned either an iPhone 4 or 4s as of last March. And although these percentages will have shifted somewhat in the intervening months, it's widely believed that a significant chunk of these legacy iPhone users will buy one of Apple's new iPhones.

This holiday quarter is always Apple's strongest quarter, and it's a near lock that Apple will surpass the current high-water sales mark of 51 million iPhones that it set in its FY Q1 last year. Estimates vary wildly, of course, but, in general, plenty of analysts believe Apple will sell well north of 60 million iPhones when it reports its upcoming earnings on Jan. 27. Some extremely bullish analysts are calling for more than 71 million iPhone shipments. Again, it's the direction that matters most here, and it's almost universally believed that Apple will smash sales records in its upcoming report. Right now, the average analyst estimate is calling for a roughly 15% increase in Apple's FY 2015 sales. Hopefully, you get the gist by now. This year should be huge for Apple, and the iPhone 6 will likely be the main force driving its growth.

And then what?

This is the real issue that gives me pause when considering Apple's investment merit toward the end of this calendar year, and especially into 2016. In some ways, it's starting to feel like 2012 again. That marked the year of the iPhone 5 and Apple's last smartphone "super cycle." Because of new distribution deals with the likes of Verizon in the U.S. and its compelling new form factor, the iPhone 5 became a smash success for Apple.

However, this resounding success in one year made for an extremely difficult comp-year in the next for Apple, and investors dumped Apple stock en masse from September 2012 to June 2013 as Apple's growth decelerated from 60% in FY Q2 2012 to just 1% in Q3 2013.

To be clear, I'm not necessarily predicting this will be the case later this year and into early 2016 for Apple stock, for a few reasons.

First, Apple's move into new products and services should help buoy sales, and profits could help offset any decline in year-over-year iPhone sales. I'm not as sold as some analysts on the first iteration of Apple Watch, but I remain convinced the smartwatch category as a whole offers tremendous commercial potential if the devices eventually offer functionalities beyond that of today's smartphones. Also, Apple's push into the connected home, albeit vague at the moment, gives Apple a toehold into what should morph into another mass market in the years to come. We'll have to wait to see what kind of progress Apple can muster in these new product lines during its second-half announcements. The real point is that Apple is quickly working to further diversify its revenue base, which could help cushion an iPhone dropoff.

More good than bad

On balance, there appears to be plenty of opportunity to support continued share price appreciation at Apple in 2015, especially the early part of the year.

Apple's upcoming earnings report on Jan. 27 is likely to be a historic one. There are also less-talked about narratives, such as Apple's capital allocation plan and its booming Mac business, that should also help continue to drive Apple's stock price still upward.

So while Apple's glory days as a triple-digit growth company have long passed it, there are still ample reasons investors will want to consider owning the company in 2015. Apple: Ditching Intel Processors Would Be Disastrous Creative professionals will never buy a cheap ARM-based MacBook if it cannot run Adobe Photoshop, Premiere, Illustrator and After Effects.

Tim Cook knows too well that top software companies are still unable to port their programs to work on ARM/RISC architecture.

I say Kuo s speculations will not happen anytime soon. His prediction last year that the iPhone 6 Plus would have a sapphire screen was inaccurate.

Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo is starting a rumor that Apple will create and use ARM-based 64-bit processors for its iMac and MacBook products.

KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo published a report speculating that by 2016, people will have the option of buying ARM-based Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iMacs and MacBooks. Kuo suggested that Apple will drop Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) processors to better manage the launch cycle of Mac OS X desktop computers.

Kuo speculates that the 'desktop-quality' of Apple's upcoming A9X and A10X 64-bit ARM-based processors will achieve performance numbers that are between Intel's Atom and Core i3 x86 processors. He claims that 16nm A9X chips (that will be produced by TSMC) in 2016 will power future versions of the iPad and low-end Macs.

Kuo also claims that the Apple A10X will move to the 10nanometer production line of Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) in 2016. His report includes the chart below. Take note that the source of this chart is not Apple - it is from Kuo's own predictions.

I Do Not Believe Mr. Kuo

Mr. Kuo is only around 50% accurate in his Apple musings so I am treating this latest speculation from him with disbelief. I am both long INTC and AAPL. After the disaster with GT Advanced Technologies (OTCPK:GTATQ), I firmly believe Tim Cook will not again experiment with Apple's best-selling products.

Mac computers are seeing impressive sales with Intel Inside them. IDC reports that Apple is now the 5th biggest PC vendor in the world. Why would Tim Cook endanger this good thing by experimenting? Intel's cheapest Core M processors will outperform any ARM-based processors that Apple can make.

Please study the chart below.

(click to enlarge)

Source: Apple Insider, IDC

IDC's data says Apple posted the biggest year-over-year growth in Q4 2014. Apple-made PCs are much more expensive than their Wintel counterparts and yet it posted 18.9% growth, beating Hewlett-Packard's (NYSE:HPQ) 15.1%. Take note that cheap PC specialists Acer and Lenovo (LGVNY) posted low single-digit growth.

Apple is within striking distance of Acer, a Taiwan-based OEM that relies heavily on sales of low-cost Windows notebooks and desktop PCs. I insist Apple's history never involved creating cheap Mac OS computers. Apple PCs are always priced at 50% or higher than equivalent Windows computers.

Kuo's Reasoning Is Weak

Kuo's insistence that Apple might drop Intel's x86 processors because the company wants better control on launch timing of Mac OS X computers is weak. The late Steve Jobs hired Tim Cook because he is a logistics genius. Cook can demand priority supply of Intel's newest processors any time Apple needs them.

Kuo's analysis that Apple is hostage to Intel's schedule of new processor releases is wrong. I believe that overseas-based, third-party suppliers and PC assemblers are the reasons why Apple cannot keep up with the schedule of Intel's processor releases. This is why Cook decided to build a Mac assembly plant in the U.S. last year.

The global-wide short supply that the new Mac Pro experienced last year is not Intel's fault. Cook underestimated the massive demand for this Intel Core i7-powered workstation. The creative industry buys most of Apple's high-end Mac OS computers. A 64-bit A10X ARM processor will never be acceptable to creative professionals.

Conclusion

As someone involved in professional photography, videography and graphic design, I conclude that Kuo's speculation that Apple will drop Intel x86 processors for its Mac computers is easy to dismiss. Adobe (NASDAQ:ADBE), Autodesk (NASDAQ:ADSK) and other top PC design software companies have shown no interest in making their expensive x86 architecture-exclusive programs run on RISC architecture.

ARM means Advanced RISC Machines. RISC means Reduced Instruction Set Computing. RISC computers will never be as powerful as CISC (Complex Instruction Set Computing). Intel's x86 processors uses the CISC architecture. For a detailed explanation why complex design software will never be ported to RISC processors, please contact my friend Ashraf Eassa. Or go here, here or here for details.

My point is that Apple will be making a big mistake if it starts selling cheap $400 MacBooks with ARM-based processors that cannot run native versions of Adobe Photoshop, Final Cut Pro, AutoCAD LT and Pro Tools. Mr. Kuo is a highly-paid expert analyst, but I believe I am smarter than him when it comes to analyzing the benefits of using x86 Intel processors inside Mac OS X computers.

Apple is a Buy. Intel is a Buy. I have a Mac Pro for editing HD videos. I use Adobe Premiere CS6. I use a 2009 MacBook Air laptop for SDE (Same Day Edit) on-site video editing during wedding receptions.

Apple will be alienating millions of moneyed creative professionals if it starts selling low-end ARM-based Mac OS X computers.

Disclosure: The author is long INTC, AAPL.

Disclosure: The author is long INTC, AAPL. Apple, Inc. Stock Valuation Explained in 2 Charts Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock has absolutely crushed the S&P 500's 10% gain in the past 12 months, rising almost 44%. With such a significant gain behind it and the New Year under way, it's a good time to take a look at the underlying value of Apple stock. Has the market got overly excited about Apple, or does the tech giant's underlying value support the higher stock price?

With two charts and a bit of perspective, we can get a clearer picture of Apple's value.

Price-to-earnings ratio

A price-to-earnings ratio, or P/E, is the most common metric the media uses to articulate and evaluate a stock's price in relation to a company's underlying value. It is simply equal to a stock price divided by earnings per share. In general, the lower the multiple, the lower the market's expectations are for a company's future earnings growth.

As a well-established company with fairly consistent levels of operating expenses as a percentage of revenue, the common metric is fairly useful for Apple investors.

A glance at Apple's P/E today in relation to its volatility in the past five years highlights one obvious takeaway. Apple is no longer dirt cheap like it was in 2013 when it had a P/E ratio around 10. In fact, Apple's price-to-earnings ratio is at its highest levels since 2011.

Free cash flow yield

Apple is a cash cow. Nowhere is this more evident than on Apple's cash flow statement. Take Apple's operating cash flow and subtract capital expenditures, or cash used for investments in plants, property, and equipment and for acquisitions, and investors can get an idea of just how monstrous Apple's free cash flow is.

In fiscal 2014, Apple brought in $49.9 billion in free cash flow. While that's enormous in absolute terms, it's also impressive when viewed as a percentage of Apple's stock price. Divide Apple's free cash flow by the stock's current market capitalization and you'll get 7.5% -- a figure that is slightly favorable to Microsoft stock's 6.9% yield and well ahead of Intel's 5.2% yield.

Again, just as was the case for Apple's price-to-earnings trend, one of the key takeaways here is the difference between the metric in 2013 and the metric today. While Apple still has a reasonable free cash flow yield, the stock definitely isn't the bargain it was last year.

Growth expectations

Valuation without some consideration of future potential growth in the stock's intrinsic value is of little value. So, what kind of earnings growth can we expect from Apple going forward?

To get an idea of where Apple's business could go in the coming years, look no further than the tech giant's iPhone segment. At 56% of revenue, the segment is Apple's largest and most important.

Fortunately, the segment is performing exceptionally well. In Apple's most recent quarter, iPhone revenue was up 21% from the year-ago quarter. For Apple's fiscal Q1, which Apple will report results for later this month, analysts are expecting record iPhone sales of around 63 million, up 23.5% from Apple's year-ago record-breaking quarter of 51 million units.

Looking out further, the continued two-year average upgrade cycle for smartphones combined with growth prospects in China and other developing countries should provide more upside potential for Apple's largest business.

Beyond the iPhone, Apple's upcoming Apple Watch could also bring upside to earnings while also help make the value proposition for existing customers to stay in the Apple ecosystem of products and services even more compelling.

With these sort of growth prospects, a conservative estimate for Apple's EPS growth in the next five years is probably about 10% to 15% -- which is more or less what investors would expect from a company trading at 17 times earnings.

Pairing these two charts with expectations for moderate earnings growth, Apple stock looks worth holding on to. But whether or not it is still a buy is now a much tougher question than it was in 2013. Apple, Google reach new deal to end US lawsuit over poaching The Apple logo is lit on the first day of sale for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, in Sydney September 19, 2014. REUTERS/David Gray

People are silhouetted as they pose with laptops in front of a screen projected with a Google logo, in this picture illustration taken in Zenica October 29, 2014. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic

SAN FRANCISCO Four Silicon Valley companies including Apple Inc and Google Inc have agreed to a new settlement that would resolve an antitrust class action lawsuit by tech workers, who accused the firms of conspiring to avoid poaching each other's employees.

Plaintiffs accused Apple, Google, Intel Corp and Adobe Systems Inc in the 2011 lawsuit of limiting job mobility and, as a result, keeping a lid on salaries.

The case has been closely watched because of the possibility of big damages being awarded and for the opportunity to peek into the world of some of America's elite tech firms.

U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh in San Jose, California, last year rejected a $324.5 million settlement of the lawsuit as too low after one of the named plaintiffs objected.

That worker will support the new agreement, his attorney Daniel Girard said, which could be a joint payment of $415 million, the New York Times reported citing a person close to the negotiations. (nyti.ms/1u3Qjmu)

Representatives for Apple, Intel and Adobe declined to comment. A Google spokesman could not be reached, nor could an attorney for the plaintiffs.

The case was based largely on emails in which Apple co-founder Steve Jobs, former Google Chief Executive Officer Eric Schmidt and some of their rivals detailed plans to avoid poaching each other's prized engineers.

In rejecting the $324.5 million deal, Koh repeatedly referred to a related 2013 settlement involving Disney and Intuit.

Apple and Google workers got proportionally less than Disney workers, Koh wrote, even though plaintiff lawyers had "much more leverage" against Apple and Google.

To match the earlier settlement, the deal with Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe "would need to total at least $380 million," Koh wrote.

In the short court filing on Tuesday, the companies said plaintiffs would file a detailed explanation of the new deal "imminently." Koh will then likely decide whether to accept or reject it.

The case is In Re: High-Tech Employee Antitrust Litigation, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California 11-cv-2509. 
2015-12-03
Here's What This Apple Inc. Supplier Just Revealed About the iPhone 7 and 7s Avago Technologies (NASDAQ:AVGO) is a semiconductor company that, among other things, provides radio frequency, or RF, components to smartphone vendors. One of Avago's highest profile customers is, of course, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL).

During Avago's most recent earnings call, management said it expects its RF content in smartphones to grow at a robust 20% "every year." In fact, in order to meet this demand, the company plans to increase its ability to manufacture FBAR filters (a key component in smartphones that essentially filters out unwanted frequencies while allowing wanted frequencies to pass through) by 50% in the company's next fiscal year.

Additionally, Avago expects that its factories used to produce these filters will be running at "full capacity" in order to stockpile parts for "anticipated new phone launches in fiscal 2016."

Although it might not seem like it, Avago's expectations around RF content increases in smartphones, coupled with the fact it's putting its money where its mouth is vis-a-vis capacity, tells us quite a bit about Apple's plans for the iPhone 7 and 7s.

Expect significant RF content increases in the next two iPhones

Apple is a one of Avago's top customers; in fact, according to its most recent 10-Q filing, sales to Apple represented more than 10% of the company's net revenues over the last three quarters. It's highly likely that when the 10-Q filing for the company's fourth fiscal quarter is available, Apple will once again be a 10% customer.

In order for Avago to have the kind of confidence that it does about RF content increases in smartphones, the company probably knows what kind of RF content Apple is looking to include in several future iPhone generations. It's clearly going up.

Big boosts in cellular speeds coming over the next few iPhone generations

Given the increase in RF content in future iPhones, I can only assume Apple plans to fairly aggressively improve the cellular capabilities in future iPhones; in other words, don't expect Apple to keep cellular capabilities in coming iPhones flat as it did between the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5s.

I believe that with the iPhone 7, Apple will adopt Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM) X12 LTE modem, which offers download speeds of up to 600 megabits per second (twice that of the MDM9x35 inside of the iPhone 6s) and upload speeds of up to 150 megabits per second (thrice those of the aforementioned 9x35).

Where the increased need for RF is coming from seems pretty clear; the X12 LTE modem achieves its substantial downlink speeds through three carrier aggregation (the prior generation only implements two carrier aggregation) and the uplink speeds are achieved by two carrier aggregation (the MDM9x35 does not support carrier aggregation on the uplink).

Such improvements should drive up the need for additional RF content.

I suspect that with the iPhone 7s, Apple will again adopt a significantly faster Qualcomm modem, this time in the form of the X16 modem, which will reportedly boost maximum download speeds to a full gigabit per second.

Apple is seemingly getting quite serious about competing on specifications

Apple has historically been able to win market segment share even when its phones have been behind in certain specifications (i.e., cellular modem speed, screen resolution, and so on) due to a wide variety of factors.

In fact, all it really took for Apple to capture substantial share against high-end Android handsets was for the company to launch bigger screen iPhones!

However, Apple has seemingly picked the "low hanging fruit" with respect to share gains at the high end of the smartphone market. In order to continue to gain share, Apple will need to not only deliver innovative and interesting new features (such as Touch ID and 3D Touch), but it will also need to start "winning" in terms of hardware specs/features.

Apple doesn't need to go crazy with senseless features that add nothing to the user experience, but there are still some very useful/important features found in flagship Android devices that Apple didn't bring to the iPhone 6s this round (optical image stabilization and a higher resolution display -- features found on the iPhone 6s Plus -- come to mind here).

It would seem, at the very least, Apple plans to continue to be more aggressive in adopting next generation cellular modems. I'm sure we'll find out what other upgrades Apple has in store for the iPhone 7 in the coming months and whether my hypothesis vis-a-vis Apple and hardware specs proves correct. How Much More Can Apple, Inc.'s Gross Margin Improve? Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) investors have enjoyed rapid EPS growth during the past few years, driven primarily by fast-growing iPhone sales and the tech giant's aggressive and effective share repurchase program. But one key catalyst for Apple's recent EPS growth that probably hasn't been as obvious to most investors is its improving gross profit margin. This driver for EPS growth, however, faces uncertainty.



iPhone 6s. Image source: Apple.

Apple's gross profit margin story

In 2013, Apple's gross profit margin comparisons were downright scary. In fact, Apple's second-quarter gross profit margin in 2013 was around 1,000 basis points lower than in the year-ago quarter.



Data for chart retrieved from quarterly filings. Asterisk indicates management guidance (midpoint from guidance range is used). Chart source: Author.

The reasons for Apple's poor margin comparisons in 2013? A relatively brutal cost curve for a recently introduced iPad Mini compared with previous iPads, and higher initial costs for producing the iPhone 5, which had a drastic overhaul on its form factor.

And the narrative surrounding the stock wasn't pretty. As Android devices rapidly gained market share, and smaller and cheaper tablets started to eat away at Apple's dominance in the nascent category, investors wondered when the iGadget maker's narrowing margins would moderate.

These poor gross profit margin comparisons, of course, coincided with the stock's huge sell-off from a split-adjusted $100 in 2012 to a low near $57.

As it turned out, Apple's gross profit margin bottomed in 2013 -- and it's been on the rise on a year-over-year basis ever since. Key to the company's rising profit margins during the past two years have been growing iPhone sales (Apple's iPhone represents the company's most profitable product segment) and higher-priced options for iPhone.

The narrative surrounding Apple's gross profit margin trend is optimistic these days. The improving metric confirms the company's pricing power with consumers. And comparisons are excellent again. Consider Apple's gross profit margin in its most recent quarter: At an impressive 39.9%, it's about 290 basis points higher than it was two years ago and 240 basis points higher than it was a year ago.

Gross margin headwinds ahead?

While Apple's improving gross profit margin has been an undeniable boon for the company's financials, investors know the key metric can't continue upward forever.



Image source: Apple.

There are two specific reasons it may not be as easy for Apple to continue posting year-over-year gross profit margin improvements in 2016 and 2017.

First, with iPhone prices now reaching as high as $949, it's unlikely there's much more room left for Apple to boost average selling prices for its smartphone segment.

Second, Apple's guidance for its first fiscal quarter of 2016 suggests the company probably isn't expecting iPhone sales to grow as rapidly over the next 12 months. Indeed, it wouldn't be surprising if single-digit percentage growth for Apple's iPhone segment becomes the norm in the near future. And if iPhone sales growth slows to a pace in line with the rest of Apple's overall business, the company couldn't benefit from a growing portion of sales from its most profitable segment.

So Apple's gross profit margin could peak soon. How Large Will Apple Inc. Make Its A10 Chip? Generally speaking, in order to improve the performance of a system-on-chip and/or add new functionality, chip architects need to add additional transistors ("building blocks" of a chip) to the design.

One of the nice things about chip technology is that every few years or so, the companies that actually build chips roll out new manufacturing technologies that allow chip designers to pack more transistors into a given silicon footprint.

Ideally, the increased costs associated with making transistors smaller (which manifests itself as an increase in the cost per area of chip) is offset by the fact that far more transistors can fit into a given area.

When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), which designs its own processors for use in its iPhone/iPad products, moved from the A7 to the A8, it was able to take advantage of TSMC's (NYSE:TSM) new 20-nanometer manufacturing technology. This technology allowed Apple to more than double the number of transistors inside of the A8 relative to the A7 while also allowing the A8 to come in slightly smaller than the A7.

With the A9, however, Apple used new 14/16-nanometer technologies that delivered big improvements in transistor performance, but not much in the way of transistor area reduction. This meant the added functionality crammed into the A9 chip led to a larger chip than the A8.

For its upcoming A10 chip, Apple will once again be required to deliver a new, innovative chip without the aid of a transistor shrink as it will be built on TSMC's 16-nanometer process.

The question that I would like to explore here is, "How large will Apple make its A10 chip?"

Understanding the factors at play

Generally speaking, adding transistors to a design lowers the number of chips per wafer. Larger chips are often harder to yield than smaller chips, as the figure below illustrates:

In addition to the increased costs associated with adding more transistors/die area, a greater number of transistors can lead to higher power consumption.

That being said, even though the A10 is expected to be built on the same manufacturing technology as one variant of the prior generation A9 (the A9 is built by both TSMC and Samsung), TSMC has likely learned a lot from processing all of those A9/A9X wafers. This suggests that by the time the A10 goes into production (which shouldn't be long now), TSMC will have improved yields on its 16-nanometer process.

These improved yields should allow Apple to increase the die size of its A10 chip while at the same time keeping per-chip costs in check.

How big might Apple make the A10, then?

In going from the A8 to the A9, Apple grew chip size from 89 square millimeters on TSMC's 20-nanometer process to 104.5 square millimeters on TSMC's newer (and more complex) 16-nanometer process. That's a solid 17.4% increase in die size.

In light of this, I expect Apple gave its chip designers another 15-20% die area to use on the A10. If I'm right, teardowns should reveal a chip with a die size in the range of 120 to 125 square millimeters.

What might Apple do with that additional silicon real-estate?

A typical A-series chip features a lot of individual intellectual properties, including CPU cores, graphics cores, memory controller, image signal processor, sensor hub, and so on.

The big ticket intellectual properties that individually consume significant die area, though, are the graphics and CPU complexes.

According to AnandTech, the graphics block on the A8 measures in at 19.1 square millimeters. The two CPU cores take up 12.2 square millimeters. In an analysis of the A9 chip published in EETimes, the author estimates the graphics block takes up 27 square millimeters and the CPU cores take up approximately 13 square millimeters.

With the A10, I think we will see more of the same. The CPU cores will grow slightly (I don't think we will see the addition of a third CPU core) and the graphics processor will grow more significantly.

Indeed, I wouldn't be surprised to see Apple move from a six-cluster graphics processor in the A9 to an eight cluster graphics processor in the A10.

Apple will probably move to higher resolution displays with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus (my guess is 1080p-class and 1440p-class displays, respectively). So, to make sure games and other 3D-graphics-intensive applications run well even at higher resolutions, additional graphical horsepower in the form of a larger graphics configuration should be a great way to spend those extra transistors. 
2015-10-20
Intel Corp. Just Told Us That an Apple Inc. Foundry Deal Isn't Happening ... On Oct. 12, I argued that Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) isn't likely to be hired to build Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) A-series of processors anytime soon. Interestingly enough, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich all but confirmed the company isn't likely to manufacture Apple's A-series processors over, at the very least, the next couple of years.

Let's take a closer look at what Krzanich said.

Foundry won't move the needle over the next few years

During the call, an analyst asked Krzanich for an update on the company's progress in becoming a contract chip manufacturer for others. Krzanich indicated that he does see it as a growth opportunity for the company but said it isn't going to "largely move the needle in the next couple of years."

The Apple A-chip manufacturing business is one that's worth billions -- assume roughly 200 million chips per year at between $15 and $20 per chip and it's easily a $3-$4 billion business -- and, for Intel, likely the largest single opportunity out there for contract chip manufacturing work.

If Intel had won the A10 business, then the company would tell investors to expect a material revenue ramp beginning in the first half of next year and extending throughout the year. Similarly, if Intel had won the A11 business, then it is likely that Intel would begin shipping wafers to Apple in the first half of 2017.

In other words, from the statement made by Krzanich, it's clear that Intel isn't going to be getting in on the Apple chip manufacturing business over at least the next two iPhone cycles.

Intel has yet to be win Apple

What's interesting to me is that Intel has yet to win foundry business from Apple despite having arguably the best manufacturing technology available at the time.

For example, Intel went into mass production on its P1271 manufacturing process (22-nanometer node suitable for system-on-chip designs) in 2013 and products were available by September 2013. Had Apple used this process to manufacture its A7 system-on-chip (which was ultimately built by Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) on its 28-nanometer process), the company could have had a faster, lower-power chip than (the frankly already crazy impressive) one that it had already delivered.

For the iPhone 6, Apple probably could have stuck with the 22-nanometer process, which would probably deliver better transistor performance relative to the TSMC (NYSE:TSM) 20-nanometer process that it ultimately used (at the expense of chip density, though).

Finally, Intel started building its first chips on its P1273 process (14-nanometer node suitable for system-on-chip designs) in late 2014; this means that the technology would have been ready in time to build the A9.

But Intel, with a 14-nanometer process that is arguably superior to what the foundries ultimately delivered, still didn't win that business.

Maybe Intel might be able to win business three (or more) years down the line?

We know that Intel hasn't won business at the 14/16-nanometer manufacturing technology generation, and the comments from Krzanich suggest that the company isn't in the loop early on in the 10-nanometer generation either.

While I do think there does exist the possibility that Apple could build its A12 chip on Intel's 10-nanometer process (migrating away from foundry 10-nanometer processes), I suspect that if foundry leader TSMC is successful in getting its 7-nanometer technology into production just a year after it starts 10-nanometer production, this could significantly dampen the appeal of migrating to Intel's 10-nanometer tech for the A12.

Right now, I believe that the foundries are moving at an aggressive enough pace so that Apple may ultimately choose to stick with them, since they are proven foundry partners, rather than jump ship to Intel -- a company with very limited experience ramping very high volume products for external foundry customers. Apple Inc. iPhone 6s or iPhone 6s Plus: Which Should You Buy? A little while ago, I penned a piece explaining why I "traded down" from an Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6 Plus to an iPhone 6. At the time, here were some of the key reasons I preferred the iPhone 6 to the 6 Plus:

The colors/contrast seemed significantly better on the iPhone 6 display than on the iPhone 6 Plus.

The user interface seemed a lot quicker on the iPhone 6 than on the iPhone 6 Plus, potentially because the 6 Plus had to render a far greater number of pixels than the 6 did on identical graphics hardware.

Interestingly enough, when I received my iPhone 6s this year, I noticed that the display actually looked quite a bit nicer than the one on my 6. This, coupled with the fact that the A9 processor inside of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus has substantially faster graphics performance than the A8 chip found in the 6/6 Plus, piqued my interest enough such that I wanted to give Apple's larger iPhone another try.

After having used both the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus (I use the former on my personal line; the latter is used on my dedicated work line), it's worth revisiting the comparison between Apple's 4.7-inch flagship and its 5.5-inch flagship.

So, which one should you buy?

The iPhone 6s Plus has a much-improved display

The most frustrating thing about last year's iPhones is that while the iPhone 6 had a significantly sharper display, I found the colors/contrast to be noticeably more pleasing on the 6. Given the choice between the two, the enhanced color and contrast quality of the iPhone 6 won out over the sharper iPhone 6 Plus display.

This year, I'd say the 6s Plus has the better display.

The iPhone 6s still seems to have slightly better colors than the 6s Plus (the whites on the iPhone 6s Plus look a little more "bluish" compared to the 6s, and the blacks still look a tiny bit darker on the 6s), but unless you have both phones side by side and are looking to spot this difference, it's not a big deal.

What is noticeable, though, is that the 6s Plus does have a much sharper display, which I believe gives the iPhone 6s Plus the edge this year in light of the otherwise very close display quality of the two phones.

If Apple is able to do so, I really hope the company can squeeze a 401 pixel-per-inch display into the iPhone 7 to bring the smaller iPhone up to parity with its larger sibling in this respect.

The size question

The other major difference between the two phones is that one has a 4.7-inch display and the other has a 5.5-inch display. Aside from the resolution/pixels per inch difference, the size of the screen impacts the size of the phone. Frankly, this comes down more to preference than anything else, but as a user of both, I'll offer my impressions.

The iPhone 6s simply feels better in the hand. It is slimmer, and for people who enjoy one-handed use of their phones, the 6s is a no-brainer buy over the larger iPhone 6s Plus.

However, I'd argue that people who spend a good deal of time using their phones for light productivity tasks (such as composing email), gaming, watching videos, and surfing the web will be better served by the larger display.

iPhone 6s for mainstream users; iPhone 6s Plus for power users

The way that I like to think about the iPhone 6s versus 6s Plus buying decision is really "casual user" versus "power user." If you use your smartphone for a "little bit of everything" (web surfing, texting, phone calls, causal games, etc.) then the iPhone 6s is probably the better choice, especially if one-handed use and/or the ability to fit the device comfortably into your pocket are key concerns.

However, if you view your smartphone as a full-blown computer in your pocket and use it quite often as such, then you will probably be better served by buying the iPhone 6s Plus. Apple CEO Defends Encryption, Opposes Government Back Door Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple Inc., speaks during the Apple World Wide Developers Conference (WWDC) in San Francisco, California, U.S.

Apple Inc. s Chief Executive Officer and the director of the National Security Agency squared off on Monday in a debate over how much access technology companies should afford U.S. intelligence agencies.

Apple CEO Tim Cook asserted his opposition to back doors in data encryption meant to allow intelligence agencies to sneak through, minutes after NSA Director Admiral Michael Rogers acknowledged a balance that needed to be struck between safeguarding user privacy and an ability to identify security threats.

Tim Cook at WSJ conference Photographer: Frederic J. Brown/AFP via Getty Images

Law enforcement and intelligence agencies have argued that access to private data is essential for national security and fighting crime. Technology companies oppose so-called back doors because it compromises user information and may jeopardize their businesses.

 You can t have a back door in the software because you can t have a back door that s only for the good guys,  Cook said at the Wall Street Journal Digital Live technology conference in Laguna Beach, California, speaking just after Rogers  on-stage interview.

Revelations about U.S. government surveillance programs have spurred an international backlash that may cost U.S. technology companies an estimated $35 billion in lost sales and contracts by 2016, according to a June 9 report by the Information Technology and Innovation Foundation.

Best Interests

On Monday, Rogers said  strong encryption is in our nation s best interest.  Asked at the conference whether he supported impenetrable encryption, Rogers replied:  That s not what I said, strong encryption is in our nation s best interests. 

 Security, encryption: good. The ability to generate insights as to criminal behavior and threats to our nation s security, also good,  he added.

Taking the stage before Cook, Rogers also said that a cyber-attack that hits critical infrastructure was  only a matter of when. 

 It s only a matter of time I believe until someone does something destructive,  Rogers said. He said he worried that the Islamic State could begin to view cyber-attacks as a  weapons system. 

The Constitution

Both Rogers and Cook discussed how to balance privacy and state-enforced security. The NSA director acknowledged the tension between the two while emphasizing threats he believed the U.S. faced. Cook said there wasn t a trade-off to be made.

 Nobody should have to decide privacy and security. We should be smart enough to do both,  Cook told the conference, calling any compromise a  cop-out. 

 Both of these things were essential parts of our Constitution. It didn t say prioritize this one above all of these,  he said.  I mean, these guys were really smart folks and they held all of these things and said all of these are what it means to be an American. 

And privacy would become increasingly important to consumers over time, Cook added.

 It will become increasingly more important to more and more people over time as they realize that intimate parts of their lives are in the open and being used for all sorts of things,  Cook said. Apple tells US judge 'impossible' to unlock new iPhones Customers hold the iPhone 6s during the official launch at the Apple store in central Sydney, Australia, September 25, 2015. REUTERS/David Gray

NEW YORK Apple Inc (AAPL.O) told a U.S. judge that accessing data stored on a locked iPhone would be "impossible" with devices using its latest operating system, but the company has the "technical ability" to help law enforcement unlock older phones.

Apple's position was laid out in a brief filed late Monday, after a federal magistrate judge in Brooklyn, New York, sought its input as he weighed a U.S. Justice Department request to force the company to help authorities access a seized iPhone during an investigation.

In court papers, Apple said that for the 90 percent of its devices running iOS 8 or higher, granting the Justice Department's request "would be impossible to perform" after it strengthened encryption methods.

Those devices include a feature that prevents anyone without the device's passcode from accessing its data, including Apple itself.

The feature was adopted in 2014 amid heightened privacy concerns following leaks by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden about NSA surveillance programs.

Apple told U.S. Magistrate Judge James Orenstein it could access the 10 percent of its devices that continue to use older systems, including the one at issue in the case. But it urged the judge to not require it to comply with the Justice Department's request.

"Forcing Apple to extract data in this case, absent clear legal authority to do so, could threaten the trust between Apple and its customers and substantially tarnish the Apple brand," Apple's lawyers wrote.

A spokeswoman for Brooklyn U.S. Attorney Robert Capers, whose office is handling the case, declined comment.

Earlier this month, Orenstein expressed skepticism about whether he could require Apple to disable security on the iPhone, citing Congress' failure to act on the issue of encryption despite the urging of the Justice Department and Federal Bureau of Investigation.

Orenstein deferred ruling until Apple had a chance to say if it was "technically feasible and, if so, whether compliance with the proposed order would be unduly burdensome."

Apple in its brief said it limited its views to those questions rather than the broader legal issue at hand, which it called "important." In an order Tuesday, Orenstein invited Apple to address that issue. A hearing is scheduled for Thursday.

The case is In re Order requiring Apple, Inc to assist in the execution of a search warrant issued by the court, U.S. District Court, Eastern District of New York, No. 15-mc-01902.

(Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Marguerita Choy and Michael Perry) 
2015-05-17
Apple Acquires Coherent Navigation, a GPS Start-Up Photo

For many of the largest Silicon Valley technology companies, location software undergirds numerous applications and features in their products.

For Apple, it has been a game of catch-up.

To that end, Apple confirmed on Sunday that it had purchased Coherent Navigation, a Bay Area global positioning company, further bolstering Apple s location technology and services.

 Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans,  the company said in an email.

Founded in 2008, Coherent Navigation was a small firm that focused on creating commercial navigation services based on partnerships with companies like Boeing and Iridium, the satellite network operator, according to a description on the LinkedIn page of Paul Lego, the company s former chief executive.

Since its start, the importance of its technology has only grown.

Coherent Navigation worked on high-precision navigation systems, technology that is far stronger than many consumer-grade global positioning systems, which are typically accurate to within three to five meters. In the past, Coherent Navigation has also worked on autonomous navigation and robotics projects, according to previous company job listings, as well as projects for the Defense Department.

It is unclear exactly how Apple will use the company s services or technology, or if the company will incorporate its prior work into Apple s current products.

Terms of Apple s acquisition of Coherent Navigation were not disclosed.

The acquisition, which was first reported by the technology site MacRumors, is another in a string of location technology service acquisitions made by Apple over the past six years. The purchase of Placebase, a small mapping service, in 2009 represented Apple s transition to building its own mapping technology. Over the following years, Apple bought a string of companies in much the same vein, including Locationary and Hopstop.

Many of these acquisitions were part of a broader strategy to move away from reliance on Google Maps, Google s widely used navigation service. In 2012, Apple released its own mapping service using in-house technology as well as some licensed from TomTom, a Dutch digital mapping company. That replaced Apple s old mapping application, which was based on Google Maps.

Competition for location-based services has been intensifying, as some of Silicon Valley s largest tech companies vie for more control over such technologies.

In February, Uber, the ride-hailing start-up, announced it had opened an institute for autonomous car research in Pittsburgh, where the company will work with the National Robotics Engineering Center and fund a series of robotics fellowships and professorships in partnership with Carnegie Mellon University.

More recently, a coalition of German automakers has been competing with Uber to acquire Nokia Here, the digital mapping arm of Nokia, the Finnish technology company. If Uber is successful, the move will help lessen its reliance on Google s mapping service, which currently underlies a significant part of Uber s navigation technology. Apple Inc. Still Riding High On The iPhone In China Apple continues to see strong sales of the iPhone even several quarters after the release of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. In fact, sales of the smartphone show no sign of slowing down, particularly in China, the world s biggest mobile market. It would see, the analysts who have voiced concerns about Apple s reliance on the iPhone have little to complain about right now.

Apple could sell 51m units in June Q

In a report dated May 14, UBS analyst Steven Milunovich presented the latest data from the UBS Evidence Lab. He said their checks suggest Apple could sell as many as 51.1 million iPhones in the June quarter. That s significantly ahead of the consensus estimate of approximately 45 million units, although the analyst said in the past, the Evidence Lab has been closer to predicting iPhone sales than Wall Street has been.

The analyst noted that his iPhone Monitor tracks sell-through, however, while Apple reports sell-in. As a result, he adjusts for changes in channel inventory and supply problems that could result in a difference between what Apple reports and the demand suggested by the Monitor.

Milunovich also upped his sell-in estimate from 43 million iPhones to 48 million iPhones to reflect the greater than expected demand he s seeing. As a result of the increase in iPhone unit sales, he also increased his earnings per share estimate for the 2015 fiscal year from $9.04 to $9.17 per share.

Strong iPhone numbers in China

Apple has taken strides to capture China in the global race to get a stranglehold on the world s biggest smartphone market. Milunovich said his model looks at historical shipment data in 20 countries and areas and correlating with Google search values in an attempt to project demand in the near term.

He found 23% year over year growth in global search volume through May 2. Demand for the iPhone remains particularly strong in China, as he found a more than 100% increase in search volume there  using a bottom-up methodology.  He added that the model tends to place a bit too much weight on Greater China, as in the last quarter, his iPhone Monitor overestimated China s contribution to search growth by approximately 9%. However, he also said that it has been  directionally correct. 

Why Apple will keep killing it in China for now

Analysts at CLSA also found continued strength in iPhone sales in China. In a pair of reports dated May 15, analysts Avi Silver and Chang Liu highlighted Apple s growth verses the overall slowdown in smartphone growth in China. They highlighted several reasons to believe Apple has nowhere to go but up in China.

For example, they see the Apple brand continue to get stronger there and have found that Chinese consumers want to buy an iPhone because they see it as a status symbol. Further, China Mobile and other major mobile carriers in China are quickly building out their 4G infrastructures, which is good for Apple as the iPhone enables consumers to fully utilize 4G service. The CLSA team added that the most important reason might be the rising middle-upper income class appears to be pushing the high end of the smartphone market to over 23% of the overall smartphone mix.

Apple could hit 100m iPhones in China

The CLSA analysts said it s possible Apple could grow its China iPhone volume to 100 million units in just the next two years. That would make China be 50% higher than Apple s North America units, and it would mean that Apple would have a staggering 55% share of the high end of the smartphone market in China. They emphasized, however, that this is their most bullish case for Apple. Here s a closer look at their bull and base cases for Apple based on the China numbers

They note that Apple saw iPhone volumes in China skyrocket 73% year over year to 13.5 million units in a quarter that had difficult comparisons because the iPhone launched on China Mobile in January 2014. They also said Apple gained the most market share during the March quarter of this year, climbing 430 basis points compared to last year.

Chinese competitors Xiaomi and Huawei only gained 226 basis points and 223 basis points respectively.  Emerging brands  Oppo gained 415 basis points and Vivo gained 345 basis points of market share, they noted. They also said that branded smartphones in China increased 17% year over year, with 35% of that being attributed to growth in the iPhone.

Chinese purchase intentions good for Apple

CLSA also pointed to a recent study from China Reality Research which indicated that 54% of participants plan to increase spending on consumer electronics. Of those respondents, 68% of them said they would buy Apple products, compared to only 16% for Samsung.

In the last 12 months, Apple sold about 36.5 million iPhones in China, and they are projecting about 48 million in the next 12 months, which would be a 31% growth rate.

The survey also indicated that 35% said they plan to buy an iPhone. The CLSA team noted that the survey covered 135 million Chinese retail investors. Thirty-five percent of that base would imply 47 million iPhones just to that demographic in China, which doesn t include the other 1.2 billion Chinese. As a result, the CLSA analysts said there s plenty of runway for growth for Apple in China.

All graphs and charts in this report are courtesy UBS or CLSA, as noted. 
2015-09-12
Why Concern Over Apple, Inc.'s Growth in China Is Overblown Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock has taken it on the chin in the past several weeks. The stock is down around $110 from an intra-day high of $135 just a few months ago. Most of this decline is due to pervasive fear about declining economic growth in China, and concern over the huge stock market crash there. It seems that, all of a sudden, China has morphed from being one of the premier emerging markets to a huge headwind for global growth.

Now, attention is turning to the multinational companies that do a lot of business in China, such as Apple. But before investors panic, a dose of calm is appropriate. Here's why Apple remains one of the strongest businesses on the planet, and will continue to reap tremendous growth in China for many years.

Tim Cook to the rescue

CEO Tim Cook has taken the unusual step of contacting the media to address the issue. He emailed CNBC's Jim Cramer on Aug. 24 to discuss the state of Apple's business in China, and had this to say:

I get updates on our performance in China every day, including this morning, and I can tell you that we have continued to experience strong growth for our business in China through July and August. Growth in iPhone activations has actually accelerated over the past few weeks, and we have had the best performance of the year for the App Store in China during the last two weeks.

Although at times, we should take CEO-speak with a grain of salt, these are strong statements. It's unlikely Cook would do this if he were not confident in what he was saying. It's valuable for investors to have a boots-on-the-ground perspective from someone as close to the situation as Cook. And judging by Apple's recent performance in China, it's hard to envision the situation changing all that dramatically in a matter of a few weeks.

Growth In China remains compelling

The other reason I'm not worried about Apple in China is because I think there is still plenty of growth potential there, even if GDP comes in lower than previously expected. The emerging middle class in China is pushing millions of consumers upward, and Apple is a hugely successful, growing brand.

Apple's revenue in China more than doubled last quarter, year over year, thanks to the ongoing success of the iPhone 6. That made China Apple's fastest-growing geography by a wide margin. There's little reason to think consumers in China just stopped buying Apple products and services, especially now that we have information directly from management.

LTE penetration remains low in China, Apple continues to gain share there, and everything coming from the company itself is nothing but positive about China. Even as it pertains to Apple's other products, the results are very good. For example, Tim Cook stated on the last conference call with analysts that Apple claimed its highest ever PC share in China last quarter, thanks to 33% revenue growth of Macs. Revenue for the App Store also more than doubled in China last quarter.

Last but not least, retail remains a tremendous catalyst in Apple's favor. As Cook articulated on the most recent conference call, Apple opened its 22nd retail store in China last quarter. The company is aggressively expanding its retail operations, and is on track to have 40 stores open there by the middle of next year. That's yet another indicator of strong demand in China.

Don't sell on panic

Apple stock right now is a good bargain. At around $110, the stock trades for 13 times trailing earnings per share and 11 times forward EPS estimates. These valuation multiples represent meaningful discounts to the broader market. While there's no guarantee that Apple stock won't get even cheaper, it makes no sense to me to sell at these prices. That's particularly true because I believe the China fears are way overblown.

Apple enjoys the luxury of commanding premium prices for its products. Nothing about that has changed in the past few weeks, despite the panic selling. If anything, Apple is a buy here, not a sell, and the market may be in for a big surprise when Apple next reports earnings. This Is How Apple, Inc. Is Dealing With Currency Headwinds The U.S. dollar's continued strengthening has hurt a wide range of multinational companies, including Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Considering 64% of revenue is now generated from international sales, the company has a lot of exposure to a lot of different currencies that have been getting weaker against the dollar. Apple has said before that it tries very hard not to change prices in the middle of a product cycle in response to foreign currency fluctuations.

But with the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus being unveiled last week, Apple is starting fresh on a new product cycle -- and Apple is taking the opportunity to raise prices in certain key markets.

Moving on up

First spotted by MacRumors, there are a handful of markets where the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are priced higher than their predecessors. The iPhone 6s Plus in Canada got a $60 CAD price bump for each storage configuration. In Australia, the increase was $80 AUD. European countries are also being affected, with the iPhone 6s coming in at 40 euros more than the iPhone 6.

If you look at how U.S. dollar has strengthened in these markets over the past year, the increases are not surprising as Apple needs to preserve its revenue after being converted to U.S. dollars. For example, here is the U.S. dollar versus the Canadian dollar.

Here's the U.S. dollar versus the Australian dollar.

And the euro.

Not all markets are being affected though. U.K. prices are unchanged, as the U.S. dollar's strengthening hasn't been as significant compared to the GBP.

The elephant in the room

Of course, with any discussion of price increases in foreign markets, we have to inevitably turn to China. As Apple's second-largest market and arguably it's most important iPhone market, investors are probably wondering if Apple is planning on responding to the pesky yuan devaluation from a month ago. There has been much speculation on whether or not Apple would increase prices in The Middle Kingdom to compensate, which could theoretically risk hurting demand.

Well, I have good news for you: Apple is not changing iPhone pricing in China. The iPhone 6s will start at the same 5,288 yuan price point as the iPhone 6 did last year. All of the storage configurations are priced identically.

Model 16 GB 64 GB 128 GB iPhone 6s 5,288 yuan 6,088 yuan 6,888 yuan iPhone 6s Plus 6,088 yuan 6,888 yuan 7,788 yuan

This is even more notable when you consider how the yuan exchange rate has changed over the past year, especially with that un-ignorable spike in August.

Investors can now breathe a collective sigh of relief, since iPhones are already expensive enough in China. Another encouraging data point is that the iPhone 6 is moving down to the 4,488 yuan price point, which makes Apple's first 4.7-inch iPhone that much more affordable too. Apple Products: Revolution Or Evolution? We examine how Apple continues its history of extraordinary innovation that is under-appreciated.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) investors have watched or read about the latest release of new products:

Upgrades to the iPhone line (6S and 6S Plus),

A major upgrade to the Apple TV,

Minor enhancements to the Apple Watch, and

The introduction of the iPad Pro and Apple Pencil.

Of course the press has had a field day with this with more articles on the topic than on the Queen of England. There is both praise and deprecation.

One big criticism that many raise is this:

None of these products is revolutionary as was the iPhone.

This is a common meme, as expressed by MacDailyNews reader Fred, who commented:

Apple's latest products are evolutionary not revolutionary. Apple reached its zenith with Jobs, now we witness Apple's serene journey into predictably staid keynotes and unimaginative mediocrity.

(Let us assume that Fred is not merely a troll relishing in his ability to stir up the Apple faithful, and really believes what he writes - in spite of the fact that his last sentence suggests otherwise.) In any case the sentiment is common. Some headlines:

Apple-related shares fall after new products fail to impress

Apple's plans land with a thud

Apple "isn't reinventing the world" anymore

On Friday (11 September) 24/7 Wall St. wrote:

The fact that Apple trades so far below the high is an ongoing indication that Wall Street worries Apple has not released a revolutionary product recently.

So we can see this has become a popular meme.

To the investor this is of importance because it implies that Apple's leaders no longer have the ability to innovate in any meaningful way, and this would be disastrous as Apple maintains its leadership precisely because of its image as an innovator. Any change in the pace of new products, or even just in this image, will affect sales growth and therefore earnings and share price.

The 24/7 Wall St. article referenced above notes that Apple:

 ranks seventh among most shorted stocks on Nasdaq based on the total number of shares shorted.

I would like to examine this issue. Are Apple's revolutionary products behind it? Is it forever doomed to merely evolve its once revolutionary line? Has it lost all ability to innovate?

Talk about a revolution

To understand this issue, we need to discuss just what is a revolutionary product.

What is revolutionary is very dependent on one's perspective, particularly if one is taking a close view or a 50,000 foot level view. That is to say, that which is "revolutionary" is relative to context, and subject to opinion.

To a certain degree, nothing technological is revolutionary. Everything in science and technology builds on all that preceded it. In the bigger picture, most of what has occurred in tech is only evolution.

One of the most revolutionary products of all times, in 1938 physicist Chester Carlson invented Xerography which led to the Xerox 914, the first successful commercial plain paper copier (introduced 1959). Xerography is a process by which an image projected onto a metal plate is charged and can pick up dry toner to be deposited on a piece of paper. Nothing vaguely like it existed before Carlson's invention. Yet even this brilliant innovation was an application of physical science principles that had slowly developed over centuries.

The first PC was an extension of the first microprocessors (such as the TMS 1000 by Texas Instruments (NYSE:TXN) and the 4004 by Intel (NASDAQ:INTC)), and these were extensions of the transistor. All personal computing technology grew, or evolved, out of this.

From this level of view, real revolutionary products might include the transistor itself, the Xerox machine, Dan Bricklin's VisiCalc, and the computer mouse originally conceived by Douglas Engelbart.

From this point of view, even the iPhone can be considered nothing more than the natural evolution of computers as empowered by ever increasing computing power and miniaturization along with the application of several new technologies (e.g. touch screens). Yet the iPhone is generally considered to have been revolutionary. It totally transformed the cell phone landscape and put real computing in a person's hands. The tactile interface has become the standard for all other smartphones. While Apple may have invented few of the underlying technologies (such as touch screens) the overall product combined so many in such original ways that it was a completely innovative - hence revolutionary - product.

Evolution

So where does evolution leave off and a revolution begin?

That, like beauty, is in the eye of the beholder.

The personal computer revolution began in earnest in 1977 as the first truly successful commercial personal computers were launched. Some might credit Apple's Macintosh, the first successful commercial computer with a Graphical User Interface, as being another revolution. The iPhone also should be called revolutionary as it differed so much from all that came before it and completely changed the industry.

Evaluation

So, again, the investor needs to evaluate the concept that Apple can no longer create revolutionary new products as this potentially affects future growth.

To begin with, we need to take a closer look at really revolutionary products and their occurrence over time.

Frequency of revolutionary technology

If you look at the products discussed above, each one was introduced precisely at the time that core enabling technology became available:

Personal computers required the microprocessor

VisCalc required the PC

The Mac required processors sufficiently powerful to drive the graphics and other technologies

The iPhone required touch technology and the miniaturization of microprocessor and a whole slew of other technologies (cellular data, battery technology, wifi, etc.)

So, when one complains that Apple has no longer created any revolutionary new products since Jobs died, one could argue that truly revolutionary products require major advances in technologies that only come around every 30 years (1997 to 2007).

One good example of the importance of this concept is the evolution of the PDA. Apple came up with the Newton, one of the first PDAs to use pen input with writing analysis. One of the major problems was that the processor was never really sufficient for the task. Additionally, all the other components were so large that the product was cumbersome.

And so the Newton was produced before the core hardware technologies were ready. Eventually it died, but others, notably now defunct Palm, picked up where the Newton left off, and, with later technology, were able to produce more usable products.

Expectations

So the problem here is really one of unrealistic expectations. Some people think that Apple should be able to create some revolutionary new product every two or three years. This just is not possible. Currently we are in a plateau, waiting for some breakthrough new technologies, perhaps some direct connection to the brain.

If you see the Apple Watch as being merely evolutionary, than what could possibly be created that would surpass it? No one has any answer to that. Oddly, those who criticize Apple for not creating something revolutionary enough seldom have any ideas for what that might be.

Under-appreciation

Another serious problem that Apple has with its products is under-appreciation of the technology. Customers may be delighted with say an iPhone, and the overall product is definitely valued (Apple products have exceptionally high customer satisfaction ratings), but few really appreciate the incredible work that goes into design/engineering of various features, be they software or hardware.

Apple is a bit like a great dancer who is so good she makes it look easy. Apple products have such a naturalness to their use that customers never think it could have been so painstaking to create that.

Think of the scrollable lists in iOS. A flip of your finger sends it "rolling" upwards, gradually slowed by the force of "friction" or "gravity," and finally coming to stop with bounce if at the end of the list. Just coming up with that concept was demanding enough. Then implementing it in a way that it appears so "natural" required months of critical testing and reworking the code.

Now we have an extraordinary piece that gives us a little insight into the process and reveals just how difficult product or feature development really is. Josh Tyrangiel has written for Bloomberg an exceptional piece on the topic. Focused on the new 3D Touch feature on the iPhone 6S phones, it also give a great overview.

In the initial paragraph he notes that 3D Touch (3DT) makes using the iPhone easier, then notes:

"Ultimately, this is our focus," says Jony Ive, squeezing a new iPhone 6S. "This is what galvanizes our efforts right across the company." And 3D Touch, he adds with emphasis, "is something we've been working on for a long time-multi, multi, multi years."

Apple has succeeded precisely because it has always focused on ease of use for all of its products. This dedication is still alive and well.

Note Ive's emphasis on " multi, multi, multi years." It is truly extraordinary the amount of effort Apple is willing to invest in developing a technology.

A few more takeout quotes from the article. (DO read it all!)

"Engineering-wise, the hardware to build a display that does what (3D Touch) does is unbelievably hard," says Schiller. "And we're going to waste a whole year of engineering -really, two - at a tremendous amount of cost and investment in manufacturing if it doesn't do something that (people) are going to use. ... Ive is proud of 3D Touch because it improves the experience of owning an iPhone, but he's also proud of what it says about Apple. He can't think of another company that would have put so many resources into such a seemingly subtle, yet potentially profound, change. ... Apple's faith in design helped make it the first company to reach a market cap of more than $750 billion. It also means that every few years it has to bet its future on the instincts of a few people with strong opinions about how things should work.

So, whether 3D Touch is revolutionary or only evolutionary, it is hardly "staid" as described by Fred, and leads to important differentiation on the part of Apple products that will allow it to continue its privileged position in the smartphone market.

The same is true for the slew of other new features, both software and hardware, that are gratuitously written off by detractors.

Enabling

One of the astounding things about Apple is not just the products themselves, but what they enable. If you watch the demo for the doctor app Airstrip for the Apple Watch presented by Dr. Cameron Powell, you will see something truly amazing. On the wrist, a doctor can bring up live readouts of patient monitoring equipment. Additionally, expectant mothers can do monitoring tests at home, and upload them to the physician. (Demo begins approximately at the 6:20 mark in the presentation.)

This kind of ability is extraordinary and really improves a doctor's ability to deal with the modern medical situation.

The reality

Several problems exist with the claim that Apple no longer produces revolutionary products.

What is or is not "revolutionary" is very subjective. Truly revolutionary products may come around only once in thirty years. New features that are "merely evolutionary" (Touch ID, 3D Touch, Apple Watch, A9x processor, etc.) may still be highly creative, groundbreaking and very significant to Apple's product positioning.

Item No. 3 is why the iPhone is continuing to grow market share worldwide.

Conclusion

No matter how popular the false meme to the contrary may be, Apple is continuing to innovate, most likely more rapidly than ever.

There are indeed many potentially detrimental challenges that Apple faces, but the lack of innovation is certainly not one of them. Those who avoid Apple stock for this reason will likely miss out on further growth of the company, of earnings and of the share price.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Watch: 'Apple Inside' The future for Apple Watch is clearly linked to the development of fully implantable medical devices designed to facilitate remote 2-way communication via the Apple Watch. "Intel Inside" becomes "Apple Inside".

Pharmaceuticals are purely therapeutic. They cannot measure, monitor and communicate responses. Nor can they raise or lower their dose/effect through feedback. Only medical devices have that ability.

A fourth participant, the automated remote communications designer or technician, is needed to enable FIMDs and Apple Watch to realize the fullest potential for remote patient monitoring, diagnosis, and feedback.

Currently, the three main participants in the developmental stage of an FIMD are the user, the medical staff, and the engineer or technician.

For Apple Watch, positioning to be the 4th participant in the design of fully implantable medical devices (FIMDs) is critical to its success in the high value remote patient monitoring market.

The discussion

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has shown enormous growth in both revenues and profits over the last 12 years, 2003 to 2014, as shown in Table 1 below.

TABLE 1

The challenge for Apple is continuing to achieve high growth due to what some might refer to as the "law of large numbers", but I prefer to call the "phenomenon of the doubling penny" (for more on that refer to my article, "Johnson & Johnson: Last 7 Years' Earnings More Than Previous 107 Years'").

While I am a great admirer of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), I do believe that Apple has an advantage over JNJ and most other large enterprises when it comes to growth. While others compete to serve markets, Apple creates markets, leaving others to nibble at the edges and attempt to catch up.

But then Apple confounds these would be competitors with new innovations, that, in accordance with its new marketing slogan, "The only things that's changed is everything."

Below I discuss how Apple might change everything in the field of mobile remote health monitoring under the following headings -

The imperatives for Apple in remote patient monitoring; The 'high value' versus 'high volume' market in remote monitoring of patients; The present design process of a fully implantable medical device and changes in that process to aid remote monitoring; The increasing number of fully implantable medical devices for various purposes and the challenges that brings (how many different devices can one patient have implanted?); Solutions to the increasing number of fully implantable medical devices; and Apple's role in developing the "Swiss army knife" of medical devices

The imperatives for Apple in remote patient monitoring

Apple is the leader in mobile communications technology and devices, and the world's largest corporation by market cap, because it provides the smartest solutions in a format that is appealing to customers.

And part of that appeal to customers is they know they have the smartest device around. It is a status symbol as well as a very useful tool.

Neil Cybart, in his excellent article, "Apple's Cheaper Stock Buyback", notes that -

Approximately 75%-80% of iPhones sold each year are to previous iPhone owners.

This repeat business, if it is to continue for iPhones and Apple Watches, obviously requires continual innovation to create new and unique features to entice upgrades.

There are two potential markets in remote patient monitoring.

Firstly, there is the more easily targeted high-volume market addressing measuring of blood pressure and heart rate, et cetera.

Secondly, there is a lower volume, high-value market targeting the measuring of such things as pulmonary artery blood pressure, a critical, potentially life-saving measure.

This high-value market has much higher barriers to entry. It provides an opportunity for Apple to differentiate itself from the multitude of "also-rans".

That differentiation will define Apple as the smartest remote patient monitoring firm and should reflect on the view of Apple in both the high value and also in the high volume, low-value markets.

Apple cannot afford to allow Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), or any other operator, to establish supremacy in that high-value market and thus become the "smarter" brand.

The 'high value' versus 'high volume' market in remote monitoring of patients

The high-volume market that Apple has looked at with the Apple Watch targets the relatively simple tasks of monitoring blood pressure, heart rate, and a more complex task of blood sugar levels (the latter item believed to require FDA approval).

These basic measurements would more likely be useful in reducing visits to a primary care physician for such monitoring.

The measurements might be relevant to a large proportion of the population. But the opportunity cost per visit avoided would be low compared to the dollar benefit from measurements that might assist in avoiding hospitalizations.

The St. Jude (NYSE:STJ) CardioMEMS HF System device for measuring and reporting pulmonary blood pressure is a very good example of a type of more difficult to achieve measurement. Reporting of once a day measurements of pulmonary blood pressure can allow the treating physician to fine tune medication to better control the condition. More frequent measurements in a mobile patient, if made practical, could have decided advantages.

The CHAMPION trial demonstrated that pulmonary artery pressure (PAP) monitoring using the CardioMEMS HF System significantly reduced heart failure (HF) hospitalization rates in patients with NYHA class III HF (see here).

St. Jude reports that CardioMEMS is clinically proven to reduce HF admissions by 37% (see here).

The significance of reducing HF admissions can be seen from this 2011 American Heart Association Statistical Update which reports that in 2004, "The 1.1 million hospitalizations for CHF amounted to nearly $29 billion in hospital charges.69"

That is an average of ~$26,000 per hospitalization. It can be expected the average cost and the number of hospitalizations are much higher today.

What is more, discharge from a heart failure hospitalization is followed on average by a readmission within 30 days in  24% of cases, with  50% patients readmitted to hospital within 6 months of discharge (see here).

So, it can be seen that the prevention of HF (and other) re-hospitalizations by remote monitoring provides the potential for massive savings in hospitalization costs.

In addition, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act established financial penalties for hospitals with the highest readmission rates during the first 30 days after discharge. Hospitals have strong incentives to embrace remote monitoring that can reduce re-hospitalizations.

The present design process of a fully implantable medical device and changes in that process to aid remote monitoring

From the International Journal of Neurology (see here) -

From the first pacemaker implant in 1958, numerous engineering and medical activities for implantable medical device development have faced challenges in materials, battery power, functionality, electrical power consumption, size shrinkage, system delivery, and wireless communication. With explosive advances in scientific and engineering technology, many implantable medical devices such as the pacemaker, cochlear implant, and real-time blood pressure sensors have been developed and improved. This trend of progress in medical devices will continue because of the coming super-aged society, which will result in more consumers for the devices. The inner body is a special space filled with electrical, chemical, mechanical, and marine-salted reactions. Therefore, electrical connectivity and communication, corrosion, robustness, and hermeticity are key factors to be considered during the development stage. The main participants in the development stage are the user, the medical staff, and the engineer or technician. Thus, there are three different viewpoints in the development of implantable devices.

For remote patient monitoring to be truly successful in the high-value area, there needs to be a further participant in the design process bringing a fourth viewpoint.

Wireless communication is already available between fully implanted devices and devices outside the body, but the process is not automatic and requires considerable operator intervention.

To gain an understanding of the cumbersome nature of taking and transmitting a once daily "remote monitoring" measurement of pulmonary artery pressure using St. Jude's CardioMEMS HF System device, please listen to the series of 5 videos describing the process (link here).

Below is an image of the complete at home equipment for CardioMEMS -

Image courtesy of St. Jude website

The objects are not to scale. The cylindrical object with a loop at either end is the implantable device. The pillow-like object is the size of a bed pillow.

The imperative for the fourth participant, the remote communications designer, is how to gather data from one or more implanted devices in a mobile patient and seamlessly transfer the data to the relevant reviewing physician/s.

Pulmonary artery blood pressure readings using the CardioMEMS HF System device are taken from outside the body, thus requiring the bulky equipment and special procedures described in the videos referenced above. The need to take readings from outside the body is due to the passive nature of the implanted device, lacking a power source such as an implanted battery and with no implanted reading device.

While this might have its advantages, it is not conducive to the type of continuous monitoring and seamless collection of data possible with a complete implanted system such as the Chronicle Implantable Hemodynamic Monitor (IHM) system developed by Medtronic (NYSE:MDT).

The Chronicle Implantable Hemodynamic Monitor is about the size of a pacemaker. It consists of an implantable monitor and a transvenous lead carrying a pressure sensor. The device contains a lithium silver vanadium oxide power source, integrated circuitry, and a bi-directional telemetry transmission coil hermetically sealed in a titanium can.8 (see here).

See image below of the Chronicle device (quite similar to a pacemaker in appearance and placement) -

Image credit: Medtronic

The Medtronic Chronicle implantable hemodynamic monitor used a specialized RV lead/sensor. The device was able to monitor and telemeter: Systolic and diastolic pressure; estimated pulmonary artery diastolic pressure; RV dp/dt (positive & negative); heart rate & activity; core body temperature; and provide continuous remote monitoring (see here).

Both the CardioMEMS and the Chronicle devices had primary endpoints relying on better titration of medications, based on pulmonary artery pressure readings, to reduce HF hospitalizations.

CardioMEMS gained FDA approval with a 37% reduction in hospitalizations compared to control. Chronicle achieved similar reductions in HF hospitalizations, but due to other endpoints mixed in with hospitalizations, the overall reductions of 21% were not considered statistically significant by the FDA (illustrates the importance of trial design).

But Chronicle showed the feasibility of a comprehensive implanted system with remote communication capability, and there are others developing similar devices.

Of particular noteworthiness is the Fraunhofer Lighthouse Project: Theranostic Implants

Below is a rather extensive but very informative extract from the website -

Twelve Fraunhofer Institutes led by the Fraunhofer Institute for Biomedical Engineering IBMT have joined forces to work on the Fraunhofer lead project "Theranostic Implants". Until now most implants have been of the purely passive type - a typical example is orthopedic devices for bone repair. But there is a growing interest in active "theranostic" implants that combine therapeutic and diagnostic functions in a single medical device. These devices create a closed feedback loop in which vital parameters are recorded and provide the input for therapeutic intervention. Pacemakers, for example, are capable of responding to the need for increased blood flow to the muscles, for instance during physical exercise, by adjusting the stimulation pulse rate. Theranostic implants record numerous different biosignals, which they process, analyze and transmit to an external receiver. These signals then provide the basis for therapeutic intervention, which can take the form of electrical, biochemical or mechanical stimulation. Theranostic implants must be able to function reliably in vivo for many years, preferably throughout the patient's life, despite being exposed to constantly fluctuating cell growth in the damp and warm environment of the human body. This is one of the greatest challenges facing the engineers developing these highly complex sensor-actuator systems, which also need to be as small and light as possible. A high degree of biocompatibility with the surrounding tissue is therefore a fundamental requirement, because the implants might otherwise cause a rejection response. The partners in this project will develop three demonstration models. Their choice of applications was based on diseases that account for a high proportion of the costs borne by German health insurers. The top items on this list are cardiovascular diseases, skeletal system diseases and neuromuscular diseases. In each of these cases, medical implants are being used more and more frequently to heal the disease or attenuate its symptoms, and to improve the patient's quality of life. Sensor implant for monitoring blood circulation - cardiovascular demonstrator For persons suffering from circulatory diseases such as hypertension or stroke, long-term monitoring could be very helpful. Ideally, the therapy for these patients should include continuous monitoring of the pressure in the blood vessels of the cardiovascular system (my emphasis). Current methods only permit short-term monitoring, which has to be carried out in an intensive care unit using catheters and intravenous filters. Such interventions are unsuitable for long-term monitoring because they carry the risk of infection and can lead to complications. The challenge that the researchers have set themselves is to develop smart sensors based on microsystems technology and to encapsulate them in such a way that they can be durably implanted in the patient's body. Apart from measuring blood pressure, they can also be used to measure other parameters such as acceleration and temperature, and transfer the data to an external receiver. The data obtained in this way will facilitate early diagnosis and improve the disease prognosis by enabling optimized drug treatment. Other advantages include less time in hospital and reduced treatment costs. The statistics clearly illustrate the applicability of this type of implantable sensor: The proportion of patients with high blood pressure (hypertension) amounted to 37.3 percent in the year 2000 and is expected to rise to 42 percent by 2025. Hypertension is responsible for 62 percent of stroke cases and 49 percent of all cases of coronary heart disease."

It seems entirely feasible that a system, designed as described above, could communicate with the Apple Watch or an iPhone and transmit data to a monitoring physician/s seamlessly and without the need for patient intervention.

The likelihood of such a system working in a seamless manner for remote patient monitoring would be enhanced by Apple communications experts being involved at the design stage.

The increasing numbers of fully implantable medical devices for various purposes and the challenges that brings (how many devices can one patient have?)

Below is a selection of images of fully implantable medical devices, approved or under development -

Image 1 - Pacemaker (image source and description) -

The pacemaker is shown here implanted on the left side, but can be implanted either on the right or left side. Implanting on the right side allows the use of a longer lead implanted in an "S" shape to allow for increased flexibility in movement.

Image 2 - CRT-D device from Medtronic incorporating both a pacemaker and a cardiac defibrillator (image source and description) -

Image 3 - Medtronic's fully implantable heart monitor with remote monitoring capability

The Reveal LINQ ICM is the smallest heart monitor on the market. It automatically detects and records abnormal heart rhythms for up to 3 years. Remote monitoring is with Medtronic's MyCareLink Patient Monitor (see here)

Image courtesy of Medtronic

It is not too hard to imagine a receiver in the wrist band of an Apple Watch that the wearer could hold against their chest to download and transmit data from this implanted device via an Apple Watch or iPhone.

Image 4 - Carotid Baroreceptor Activation device from CVRx (image source and description) -

Image 5 -Fully implantable C-Pulse counter-pulsation device under development by Sunshine Heart (image source and description)-

Image courtesy of Sunshine Heart

Note - As described further below, where a patient has an implanted CRT device, the Sunshine Heart (NASDAQ:SSH) C-Pulse fully implantable model (FIM) electronics could be housed in the CRT device capsule, thus eliminating the controller shown in the above image.

To learn more about C-Pulse see my article, "Sunshine Heart C-Pulse: 'The Lance Armstrong Effect' - Setting C-Pulse Apart"

Solutions to the increasing numbers of fully implantable medical devices

Including the Chronicle, I have shown 5 images above of different fully implantable devices, all with a hermetically sealed case with a size of about six stacked silver dollars, containing integrated circuits, software, and long life batteries.

The Sunshine Heart C-Pulse FIM also has a hermetically sealed case containing integrated circuits and software, but with its power source coming from a transcutaneous energy transfer system (TETS) (unlike LVADs, a back-up battery inside the body is not required, as continuous operation of the device is non-obligatory).

The obvious solution to reducing the number of devices is to incorporate two or more device components into one hermetically sealed case.

This is already being done with CRT-D devices combining the functions of both a pacemaker and a defibrillator (see Image 2 above).

I emailed Dave Rosa, CEO of Sunshine Heart, to enquire how the C-Pulse percutaneous interface lead (PIL) model being used in the current Pivotal trial, and the fully implantable model (FIM) due to enter in human trials next year, interact with a CRT device, and his reply was as follows -

C-Pulse PIL model - For patients that already have an implanted CRT only, ICD only, or a CRT- D device (CRT and ICD combined), they function independent of each other. When the heart gets out of rhythm and begins to beat too rapidly, our software senses this via our epicardial leads and terminates support until the heart gets back into rhythm, and then automatically restarts support. C-Pulse Fully Implantable Model - All of our recent animal experiments have connected directly to a CRT-D device. Our epicardial leads terminate with a IS 1 connector which is a common connector that can plug directly into a CRT - D device as it typically has two ports. In the future, with support from the CRT-D manufacturers, we could directly connect to their device to control our system. Many doctors would love to use our device based on heart rate which is ideal for this set up. For example, if a patient's heart rate goes beyond 120bps, our device could provide full support, meaning one inflation and deflation for every heart beat. But, if a patient's rate only went to 100bps, we could program it to only inflate/deflate every 2-4 heart beats. All of our patients have at least an ICD, CRT or CRT-D (combination CRT and ICD) device (note that one had an ICD which became infected and the patient had to have it removed).

It seems feasible that where a patient has the need for a CRT device, the fully implantable C-Pulse system might not require a separate controller (see Image 5 above). Instead, the integrated circuits and software of the Sunshine Heart C-Pulse controller could be in the CRT device capsule.

It also follows that the battery in the CRT device could be replaced with a rechargeable battery utilizing the TETS power source for recharging.

This feature of an internal power source, associated with a Sunshine Heart C-Pulse implant, opens up a whole new world of possibilities for combining the functions of all of the various implantable medical devices into one hermetically sealed capsule with multiple ports for leads for various purposes.

With the ability to miniaturize circuitry, and with newer SOC technology, there is probably no barrier at present to fitting all of the circuitry and controls for the many different implantable medical devices into the space currently available in one capsule.

The barrier would be achieving battery capacity and longevity equivalent to the sum of the individual batteries powering the many different implantable medical devices.

But with the internal power source associated with a fully implantable C-Pulse, powered by TETS, being available for battery recharge, this should no longer be an issue.

Apple's role in developing the "Swiss army knife" of medical devices (the SAK medical device)

I wrote above of how the integrated circuits, firmware and software for the many and varied implantable devices could be integrated into one "smart" capsule. Enhanced two-way communication capabilities would be a part of the design.

Now this design effort seems right down Apple's alley. After all, Apple, with its iPhone and Apple Watch, is the leader in cramming a huge amount of electronic tasks and features into a small package that is user friendly, has strong communications capability, and is elegant in design.

But to do this, as the fourth participant, Apple will need to collaborate with the other three main participants in the developmental stage of an FIMD, the user, the medical staff, and the medical device engineer or technician.

Importantly, the collaborator/s should include enterprises with expertise in implantable devices, and in particular, fully implantable products under development that justify utilizing a TETS system. This is because a TETS system, to recharge battery/s, is necessary to minimize the size of the battery component in a multi-purpose "smart" capsule.

Possible collaborative partners for Apple in developing the "SAK medical device" with mobile remote monitoring capabilities

As discussed above, the aim would be to incorporate, in one hermetically sealed capsule, the integrated circuitry, firmware and software for multiple existing and planned implanted medical devices that currently run on dedicated long life batteries.

The type of device functions would include - pacemaking, atrial defibrillation, baroreceptor activation, pulmonary and central venous pressures, and many and varied forms of internal electrical stimulation such as vagus nerve and renal nerve stimulation, and even gastric pacemaker, pain control, spinal injury related and so on.

The two enterprises with the greatest likelihood of achieving an FDA approved mechanical circulatory support device utilizing a TETS powered system in the next 2 to 3 years are -

ReliantHeart; and

Sunshine Heart Inc.

In addition to these two enterprises, a collaboration would be possibly desirable with a leading CRT manufacturer such as Medtronic, Boston Scientific (NYSE:BSX) or St. Jude to gain access to patented technology for the SAK device. Both ReliantHeart and Sunshine Heart have incredibly capable technical people. Brian Brown, Sunshine Heart's Senior Vice President, Operations and Technology, is a former Vice President of Research and Development for Boston Scientific, with 24 years with that firm.

Numerex (NASDAQ:NMRX) could be of interest in relation to M2M capabilities via iPad, iPhone or Apple Watch.

About ReliantHeart -

ReliantHeart's HeartAssist5 left ventricular assist device (LVAD), at less than 100 grams is smaller than HeartWare's HVAD (145 grams), has measurable pulsatility, true flow speed and power reporting, and real time 24 hour remote monitoring System, which continuously transmits patient data to expert clinicians 24 hours per day via vadlink.com.

Apart from the small size, the HeartAssist5 has two major benefits compared to the LVAD devices from Thoratec and HeartWare.

Firstly, from the first implant of the HeartAssist5 LVAD (HA5) to the 68th consecutive implant, there has been no evidence of de novo thrombus patterns in the HA5 (see here).

Secondly, ReliantHeart's novel HeartAssist5 (HA5) is the most energy efficient LVAD available. This means, unlike the Thoratec and HeartWare LVADs, an implanted rechargeable battery is considered currently feasible as a safety backup, making use of a TETS system possible (see here).

Dualis has agreed to integrate its wireless energy transfer technology MedBase with the HeartAssist5 VAD.

"Courtesy of ReliantHeart.com"

In its new configuration, the HA5 will draw less than half of the energy of any other full flow LVAD. ReliantHeart refers to this energy efficient pump as being Forward Compatible with future product introduction, including the wireless transcutaneous energy transfer system.

Dualis is an integral part of a Forward Compatibility team formed by ReliantHeart to cooperate on an assembly of technologies intended to reduce adverse events associated with LVADs. The team includes several other companies: Lynium, Kollmorgen, Device Solutions, Transonic, Revel Engineering, Numerex, Cathtek, and Yarborough Electronics.

The HeartAssist5 is approved in Europe for patients awaiting a heart transplant and as a destination therapy for patients who are not candidates for cardiac transplantation.

ReliantHeart is currently conducting in the United States a prospective, 1:1 randomized, multi-center, FDA approved clinical trial to evaluate the safety and efficacy of 96 patients implanted with the ReliantHeart HeartAssist5 Ventricular Assist Device (VAD) System compared to 96 patients implanted with either a Thoratec HeartMate II LVAD or HeartWare HVAD for left ventricular support while awaiting cardiac transplantation. The trial is expected to run through 2016.

Importantly, patients already implanted are anticipated to be able to switch to the TETS powered system without exchanging the HA5 pump.

Estimates of the number of potential VAD recipients in the United States may be as high as 250,000 to 300,000.11

However, actual LVAD implants in the US and EU are currently in the order of 6,000 to 7,000 per year.

About Sunshine Heart -

Sunshine Heart is targeting 2016 for the first TETS powered mechanical circulatory support (MCS) device implanted in a human since the Arrow LionHeart LVAD. LionHeart operated successfully in patients for over 2 years. It was not abandoned because the TETS system did not operate successfully, the device itself was just too big and bulky to be practical for wide use and thus not commercially viable.

In its FDA approved Pivotal trial, and its post market trial in the EU, the Sunshine Heart C-Pulse PIL model is enrolling NYHA Class III and ambulatory NYHA Class IV patients only, with an estimated population of 5.2M in the US and EU, a far larger population than that for LVADs.

With the progression to a C-Pulse FIM utilizing TETS, and thus doing away with the percutaneous interface lead through the skin, it is possible that C-Pulse could also successfully target a much larger NYHA Class II HF market.

In addition to that, there is a whole other market for angina sufferers who could benefit from the additional perfusion of the heart muscle with oxygen rich blood due to the counter-pulsation therapy provided by C-Pulse.

A study has also just been announced to assess the effect of counter-pulsation on the pulmonary artery with C-Pulse to treat pulmonary arterial hypertension, further increasing the potential target market.

Heart failure patients tend to suffer from co-morbidities. When the heart is unable to pump enough blood to properly perfuse the body and its organs, the first casualty is generally the kidneys. Supporting the heart can reduce the impact on these other co-morbidities. If we count hospitalizations for co-morbidities along with those for heart failure, the annual $29 billion cost referred to above rises to over $60 billion.

Summary and conclusions

Is it possible Apple might enter into a collaboration to design a multi-purpose implanted medical device?

I really do not know the answer to that question.

Probably more likely is a collaborative effort led by one of the major CRT device manufacturers.

Including a partner/s, such as ReliantHeart and/or Sunshine Heart with a device likely to be approved for use with a TETS would be advantageous in conducting trials.

If Apple does want to get into the more serious side of health monitoring, this would be a good place to start.

Apple has shown amazing innovation and thinking outside the square with the iPhone and Apple Watch.

If it should decide to apply this innovation and thinking to the concept of a multi-purpose fully implantable medical device, as discussed above, who knows what the end product might look like and what it might be able to do. It might be, "The only things that's changed is everything."

Whoever sets the protocols and methods for gathering and transmitting internally generated data to outside the human body at the outset is likely to dominate the field of chronic disease monitoring. That is certainly where Apple would want to be, "Apple Inside" and "Apple Outside".

Disclaimer: The opinions in this document are for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as a recommendation to buy or sell the stock/s mentioned. Past performance of the company/s discussed may not continue and the company/s may not achieve any projected earnings or dividend growth. The information in this document is believed to be accurate, but under no circumstances should a person act upon the information contained within. I do not recommend that anyone act upon any investment information without first consulting an investment advisor as to the suitability of such investments for their specific situation.

Additional disclaimer: This information does not supersede original manufacturer's specifications nor constitute medical advice or advertisement. Trademarks and logos belong to their registered owners. I neither practice medicine nor provide medical services. I am not a licensed physician, so I am not qualified to provide any kind of medical advice.

Caution: Many of the devices presented in this article have not been cleared by US and other regulatory agencies for investigational and/or commercial use. This material is intended for general educational purposes only.

Disclosure: I am/we are long SSH.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Editor's Note: This article covers one or more stocks trading at less than $1 per share and/or with less than a $100 million market cap. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. 
2015-12-27
Instant Analysis: Apple Inc. Inks an Exclusive Contract With Taylor Swift What happened?

If you've visited an Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Store recently, you've probably seen Taylor Swift's 1989 World Tour Live being promoted across all its mobile devices. That's because Apple recently secured the rights for the concert video to be streamed as an Apple Music exclusive starting on Dec. 20.

Back in June, Apple launched Apple Music to challenge streaming music leaders Spotify and Pandora (NYSE:P). In October, Apple CEO Tim Cook claimed that the service had 6.5 million paid users and 8.5 million free trial users. However, the relationship between Swift and the streaming-music industry has been a rocky one.

Does it matter?

Last November, Swift pulled her entire catalog from Spotify, although she let Pandora and several other streaming sites to continue playing her songs. But she also blocked all those platforms from streaming her latest album, 1989. When Apple stated that it wouldn't pay artists any royalties during Apple Music's free trial period, Swift lambasted Apple in an open letter. Apple eventually bowed to Swift and agreed to pay artists trial-period royalties. Shortly afterward, Swift announced that she would offer 1989 on Apple Music. Competing services clearly weren't pleased -- Pandora co-founder Tom Conrad called Swift's dispute with Apple as "mostly theater" that helped promote the album.

Deeper ties with Taylor Swift will certainly help elevate Apple Music's profile. But even if Apple persuaded 10 million listeners to pay $10 per month for the service next year, the $1.2 billion in annual sales would only represent 0.5% of its projected revenue for fiscal 2016. Therefore, these partnerships with Swift should be considered promotional efforts for Apple Music instead of major revenue generators. 
2015-02-14
Why Apple is the most successful company in history Everyone knows that Apple had a great fourth quarter and that its most successful product line, the iPhone, is doing better than ever, too.

But it's difficult to grasp what a mind-blowingly successful company Apple is until you take the time to gather and digest news about the company that has emerged in the past week or two.

I've done it. And it has become obvious to me that Apple is not only successful, not only the most successful company in technology, not only the most successful company in the world but the most successful company in the history of companies.

Is that an extreme statement? Maybe. But let me make my case, and we'll see if you disagree.

Here are the 11 ways that Apple is the most successful company in history.

1. Apple is the world's most valuable company

At the close of markets Thursday, Apple's value as determined by its stock price was $728.35 billion. That's nearly twice the market value of the world's second most valuable company, Exxon-Mobil.

Some experts disagree with the market about the value of the company. Activist investor Carl Icahn thinks Apple is "dramatically undervalued," and is actually worth $1.25 trillion.

2. Apple is the world's most valuable brand

Several organizations rank global brands on various metrics, and all the major ones rank Apple's as the world's most valuable brand. For example, the Forbes list ranks Apple's brand as twice as valuable as Microsoft, the world's second most valuable brand, and far more valuable than Google, the third.

3. Apple makes more money than any company ever

Apple recently reported revenue of $74.6 billion and a mind-blowing $18 billion in profits for a single quarter, which is the largest quarterly earnings of any company ever.

This is astonishing especially by comparison. The big money maker is the iPhone. In an industry with dozens of major players and hundreds of minor ones, where most companies lost money, some break even and actual profits are extremely rare, Apple by itself earned 93% of all smartphone handset profits in the fourth quarter.

4. Apple's cash flow problem is that it doesn't spend enough

Apple reported a cash hoard of $178 billion. That's literally enough cash to buy every car company in America and still have billions left over.

Most of that money is offshore (in Ireland, actually). Apple can't invest it or return it to investors without also breaking records in the paying of taxes, which Apple doesn't want to do.

5. Apple has crushed (or co-opted) all rivals

Apple is famous for its rivalries. Under Steve Jobs, Apple spent nearly $1 million in 1984 on a Super Bowl commercial vilifying IBM as "Big Brother."

Apple's early years were consumed with direct competition with Microsoft, which in the 1990s Microsoft won.

Later, Jobs would declare "thermonuclear war" against Google for acquiring and promoting Android.

More recently, Apple clashed with Samsung in a war over design, patents and market share.

All these conflicts have been resolved with Apple winning.

Apple, which was once a fraction of the size and held a fraction of the PC market share of Microsoft, is now valued higher than both Microsoft and Google combined. Microsoft is in something of a rebirth in part because it has followed Apple's approach in mobile (touch tablets, for example, instead of pen-based tablets) and embraced iOS for Office and other products.

IBM has been brought to heel as a junior partner for the IBM MobileFirst for iOS apps program. IBM is hoping that some of the Apple magic will rub off on IBM's mobile enterprise group.

Samsung has now been officially crushed as a smartphone rival to Apple. The score? Apple 93, Samsung 9 (I'm talking about percentage of profits in the smartphone business.)

6. Apple is building the world's coolest headquarters

The best place in the world for a tech company, of course, is Silicon Valley. But the truth is that Silicon Valley "campuses" tend to be boring, generic, non-descript "office parks." Silicon Valley is ugly.

Sure, the Googleplex in Mountain View is vaguely cool, with it's life-size T-rex statue and goofy multi-colored bicycles made famous by "The Internship." The Oracle headquarters are kind of cool. Everyone wants to swim in "Lake Larry." Twitter's San Francisco offices are a delightful, post-modern confection.

But Apple's insane, bad-ass spaceship campus will rule them all. It sits on real estate made extremely valuable mostly by, well, by proximity to Apple. The ugly stuff (the major road connecting the main building with a nearby boulevard, plus some parking, functional buildings and utilitarian functions like heating, cooling, power, etc.) are underground or shoved to the periphery and out of sight.

The main event is the pristine doughnut of a building that, according to Steve Jobs, doesn't have a single pane of flat glass. It's all curved. (Apple built a factory in Germany to make that glass.) And the main building is surrounded by trees and grass and local habitat.

The most underappreciated feature of the new campus is an underground theater where Apple will announce new products. Because it will be under company control, Apple will be able to invite journalists on a few days notice, and will be able to prevent the inevitable product leaks that come from spy shots of San Francisco's Moscone Center.

Plus, we learned this week that the campus will be 100% solar powered.

The new Apple spaceship campus will be awesome. Here comes the video.

7. Apple has mostly solved the phone theft problem

We learned this week that, thanks to Activation Lock, iPhone thefts are down 50% in London, 40% in San Francisco and 25% in New York.

When is the last time a social problem like crime was cut in half by a new technology?

Call it a massive success for Apple.

8. Apple has mostly solved the app discovery problem

Apple's iOS and Google's Android dominate the smartphone market partly because they've attracted the world's mobile app developers. iOS has roughly 1.21 million apps in the App Store.

Now Apple is partnering with Pinterest to re-invent app discovery with a new Pinterest feature called App Pins. The feature enables Pinterest users to pin apps to their boards like any other content, but with apps downloadable directly from Pinterest.

App Pins make iOS apps much more discoverable and social.

9. Apple has mostly solved the China problem

The world's most populous country is experiencing a massive explosion in home-grown smartphone brands, including Lenovo, Huawei, Xiaomi, ZTE, Oppo, Umi, Zopo and Meizu.

These companies are starting to clobber foreign competitors in China. Samsung, which used to dominate the Chinese market, is getting hammered by home-grown upstarts.

It's getting very hard for any non-Chinese handset maker to compete in the Chinese market.

Except Apple. Canalys says Apple is now the number-one smartphone maker in China. (Note that this is a controversial conclusion; some market research firms think Apple is number two in China.)

10. Apple has mostly solved the wearables problem

Companies from Google to Pebble to Samsung to Sony have been trying to mainstream smartwatches without success. The most popular platform to date is Google's Android Wear, which we've recently learned has sold about 720,000 units, falling far short of the 1 million watch mark and representing only about 15% of the 4.6 million smart watches shipped last year, according to Canalys.

Nearly all analysts are predicting that Apple will surpass this number in the first few days or weeks of the Apple Watch's release. For example, JP Morgan says Apple will sell 26 million Apple Watches this year; Morgan Stanley says 30 million and Cantor Fitzgerald predicts 37 million.

The problem Apple has solved is that Apple understands that a wearable has to be plugged into your nervous system and be made part of your physical body. (Apple's doing this with a combination of touch, haptics, sound and visual elements.

11. Apple's biggest business opportunity has barely started

While Japan, Scandinavia and Kenya have been plowing forward for years on mobile payments, backwater America has been trapped in an old-and-busted credit card hell.

We've heard the predictions and promises. For years, companies like Google and others have failed to capture the public imagination with a viable mobile payments system that real people would actually use.

Then along comes Apple with Apple Pay, and it appears to be winning in the U.S. market. Some two-thirds of all contactless payments are now made with Apple Pay.

Apple is winning because it zeroed in on the main barrier to mainstream acceptance: convenience. Simply tapping an iPhone to an NFC reader while holding it with your thumb on the fingerprint reader is all you need to do to buy stuff with Apple Pay.

This is possible only because of the unique fingerprint reader Apple uses, which other companies cannot use because Apple owns it (from their acquisition of AuthenTec).

I believe Apple Pay will grow massively in the next few years to become an even bigger business for Apple than the iPhone.

All of these successes add up to Apple clearly being the most successful company in history. No other company has ever made this much money, won on so many fronts or positioned itself to keep on winning. 
2015-10-11
Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) allegedly deactivates the News app in China News App Disabled in China

The New York Times claims that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has deactivated its own News App in China, becoming one of the many tech companies irritated with China s strict rules on media and online expressions.

The News app is designed to be a virtual magazine, displaying newspapers and other content based on your preferences. Apple made this available to US customers in June, and they are currently being tested in Australia and Britain. If a user travels to a different country they will still be able to view content. However, rather than seeing the list of articles and magazines, users in China are presented with an error message stating  News isn t supported in your current region. 

The company has not made a comment about it yet.

Apple in China

The marketplace in China is definitely important to the company, and Apple is reaching out to their population of 1.35 billion people. They are pushing out more retail stores to sell their latest iPhones and other gadgets.

China is currently one of the main sources of revenue for Apple, trailing right behind the United States. In just the third quarter, Apple reported sales of $13 billion. This may explain why the company is choosing to be cautious, keeping in mind the censorship laws enforced in the country. An app that displays media from around the world might have to have a filter feature if they enable it again in China.

In Beijing, they ask the company to regulate and censor any sensitive media they may display. If this is what ends up happening, then Apple would have to create something similar to what various Chinese companies have put into place. This could be a mix of software and employees that remove any material from feeds. that they feel is sensitive.

Apple has completely put the situation on hold by disabling the app for customers in China.

Many other US-based companies have been affected by the censorship rules in China. Some services such as Facebook, Twitter, and Gmail have already been restricted in the country. Will the News app ever come back to users in China?



 
2015-10-27
Apple, Inc snatches up $14 billion of its own shares in massive Q4 buyback surge Apple reported a spike in its capital return program, spending $17 billion in Q4, including $14 billion in open market stock buybacks in addition to $3 billion in dividend payments to shareholders.







This all happened before



Source: nasdaq.com



Source: nasdaq.com

China Concerns

Apple is selling China's vast emerging middle class technology products that, while perhaps luxurious, are broadly affordable.







Source: Apple Event citing IDC data

Cook noted that 68 percent of iPad buyers in China were buying their first tablet, and that 40 percent of those never bought any Apple device before



Source: Counterpoint Research

Currency Headwinds

This is the largest open market stock buyback the company has ever made, a notable figure given that Apple has regularly been setting records in the arena of massive stock buybacks ever since it began its capital return program three years ago.As anticipated by AppleInsider last month, the company has taken full advantage of the depressed price of its stock.Apple's share price had collapsed by nearly a third following its earnings report for fiscal Q3 on July 21. That gave the company a rare opportunity to shovel capital, most of which was borrowed in the form of incredibly low interest bonds, into share repurchases.The company outlined during its earnings conference call that it had settled 10 million shares remaining from its $6 billion Accelerated Stock Repurchase initiated in July. That represent a faster that usual completion of an ASR, essentially a buyback sale delegated to an outside bank.Additionally, Apple itself completed its largest open market buyback ever to the tune of $14 billion within the quarter, buying up nearly 122 million shares, representing an average price of around $114.75.The last time Apple's stock nose-dived after an earnings release, in January 2014, the stock panic shaved less than (a split adjusted) $10 off of Apple's share price. The company responded by scrambling to spend an incredible $18 billion to take advantage of faithless investors' extreme gullibility on behalf of its loyal shareholders, although the bulk of those buybacks ($12 billion) were performed under an ASR rather than in open market orders.Those actions paid off tremendously. Apple bought up over 30 million shares at prices below (a split adjusted) $75, right before the stock again returned to more rational prices.Over the last quarter, Apple's stock price plummeted by as much as $25 at one point, effectively erasing any appreciation contributed by the blockbuster sales of iPhone 6 over the past year (albeit never closing below $100, well ahead of the last buyback-inducing stock panic trough).Despite continued massive cashflow from operations, Apple continues to borrow money by the billions internationally, with one primary intent: to again buy back as many shares as possible before the market comes to its senses.Borrowing capital at interest rates below 2 percent to buy shares that are currently languishing at a price that analyst consensus targets expect to rise by around 30 percent over the next year (to $150 , according to public market data) is a no-brainer, particularly for Apple's executives who fully grasp the potential of the company in the global markets it is operating across.If Apple were actually facing a upcoming barrier of slowing growth and a collapse of demand in China, rather than buying back its own stock it would be scrambling to acquire other companies with an actual, apparent strategy the way Google has been almost blindly gobbling up its Alphabet soup over the past several years as Android has done nothing and every one of its hardware efforts have all imploded into embarrassing ruin.Apple is also making acquisitions (albeit with a discernible strategy), but Apple's biggest ongoing acquisition over the past several years has been Apple itself, to the mind-blowing tune of $104 billion. That pace isn't expected to slow down. Instead, Apple says it expects to spend at least another $36 billion over the next six quarters.While U.S. tax law is currently making it unattractive for Apple to spend its foreign earnings on buybacks, that pile of overseas capital (now above $200 billion) is effectively guaranteeing bonds that raise cheap capital Apple can use to buyback its shares at an extreme discount.One indication that the market (and the consensus of analysts) haven't really grasped what's happening with Apple's buybacks is the fact that Apple's Earnings Per Share have consistently exceeded their expectations every quarter this year.Unrest in China's stock market appears to have been weighing on Apple's stock. Given that Apple is really the only tech company to have any real success in selling products in China, and given that success has been absolutely blockbuster, concerns regarding the vast Chinese market sensibly affect Apple more than, say, Amazon or Google, neither of which even have a foot in the door of the huge Chinese smartphone opportunity.Of course, those two companies have also earned virtually nothing on their entire, global smartphone efforts outside of China either. Both inside and outside of China, Apple is the only company making any real money on the scale of Apple. And Apple is growing while everyone else is increasingly struggling to turn a profit at all. Apple is selling China's vast emerging middle class technology products that, while perhaps luxurious, are broadly affordable.On today's conference call, Apple's chief executive Tim Cook said that if he weren't otherwise aware of the macroeconomic issues affecting China's economy, he wouldn't know about it looking just at consumer demand for iPhones and Macs.Apple's revenues from China soared 99 percent year-over-year in its fiscal Q4, growing from just under $6.3 billion to about $12.5 billion.Even China's minority with exposure to stock market losses is unlikely to decide that the most pressing economic concern in their lives is whether they're spending the equivalent of about $30 per month financing a new iPhone or not, given that Apple's brand in China is a status symbol unmatched by anyone, let alone a third rate knockoff smartphone.China's 4G mobile service continues to be built out from virtually nothing just a year or two ago. Incredible numbers of people are buying new iPhones to take advantage of it. Apple's market share in China could drop and the company would still be growing dramatically.Instead, Apple's growth is still outpacing the industry by a huge margin. In fact, Cook noted that without counting iPhones, the smartphone market in China actually contracted during the quarter. He noted that Apple "has been able to grow without the market growing."And outside of China, Apple's massively successful iPhone 6 launch over the last year, which has reclaimed market share in nearly every market, has helped to establish Apple's brand as shorthand for "customer satisfaction."The scale at which Apple is introducing new buyers to its brand suggest incredible potential. Cook noted that 68 percent of iPad buyers in China were buying their first tablet, and that 40 percent of those never bought any Apple device before.Apple's primary rivals in smartphones are not only led by a disastrously poor series of rollouts by Samsung, but are also plagued by the malcontent associated with Android and its increasingly appalling reputation for security flaws that never get fixed by a company that doesn't seem to even care about it.Apple's two largest contenders in China, Huawei and Xiaomi , were both close to Apple in total unit sales of smartphones within China in September. However, as with Android vendors in other markets, those firms are selling a lower end mix of devices and earning much less. They're also facing serious barriers outside of China. That leaves Apple the only company to be leading sales in both the U.S. and China, the world's two largest phone markets.There are legitimate concerns in front of Apple, one notable issue being foreign currency headwinds. The U.S. dollar has been appreciating against a wide variety of other currencies, making Apple's exports more expensive. If this hadn't happened over the last two quarters, Apple earnings results would have been even better.However, Apple has weathered unfavorable currency fluctuations better than many of its peers simply because it is so profitable, and it has the capital and credit to enter long term hedging contracts to mitigate risk. Additionally, it's unlikely that the situation will continue to worsen at the same rate going forward, given the impact the surging dollar already has on every other American company.At the same time, energy costs are also continuing to fall, making Apple's international shipments and other transportation costs cheaper. The price of oil is expected to fall faster than the dollar can rise, offering some offset. And as oil falls, producer countries including Saudi Arabia are selling off their dollar reserves, blunting the dollar's rise.Additionally, today's stronger dollars should also make it cheaper for Apple to invest in large infrastructure, production and lavish retail projects internationally, such as the surge in expensive retail stores Apple is working to build across China over the next few years. Apple Inc gives Q1 2016 revenue guidance in line with analysts' estimates  
2015-10-22
How Apple Pay Could Be Undone by This Scrappy Fintech Startup How's this for a blast from the past? A speaker and internet connection are now all it takes to harness sound waves--the latest old-school technology that's promising to both eliminate costs for merchants and ensure secure mobile transactions.

Soundpays, a mobile wallet powered by sound waves, enables you to make instant purchases on your mobile device while browsing in-store, shopping online, viewing an infomercial, or even listening to the radio. With sights set on mobile authentication, the founders hope the app can eventually replace your entire wallet, including your driver's license and insurance cards.

The innovative, patent-pending technology won the Toronto-based startup a best of show award at FinovateFall 2015, a two-day showcase of new innovations in financial and banking technology.

The Shazam for mobile payment.

Soundpays co-founder Peter Misek first learned of sound-wave technology when he served as a venture partner and board adviser at London's DN Capital. The venture capital firm had made an undisclosed investment in Shazam, a London-based music-identification service. After two years of trial and error and the help of Jason Squire, creator of Canada's first 4G network, Misek launched what many outlets regard as the Shazam for mobile payments.

"The key ingredient was a lot of luck," Misek says.

The main challenge was creating a sound inaudible to human ears that could be picked up by the app in noisy environments. A breakthrough left the duo with a mobile wallet that works in any environment and on just about any mobile device, such as iPhones, Android phones, tablets, and non-smartphones. This includes cell phones with some internet capability but that can't download apps and traditional PCs.

The result? Merchants can bypass expensive hardware and use Soundpays' free plug-in to complete mobile transactions. When prompted, the software assigns a basket of items a unique ultrasonic token that's then broadcast. The Soundpays app on a mobile device "listens" and picks up the frequency.

On PCs, laptops, and non-smartphones like the Motorola Razr and LG enV, the Soundpays website can perform the same function. The basket of items then appears on the app or your browser and can be purchased with one tap. The payment information and transactions details are matched in a secure cloud server. According to Squire, the system can process up to 59,000 transactions per second.

Overcoming security risks.

Though intrigued by the creative technology, Ben Knieff, a senior analyst at Aite Group's Retail Banking and Payment team, worries about the security of transmitting payment data via sound waves. "It's a new territory and prone to some vulnerabilities," he says.

With the potential risk in mind, Misek and Squire, who joined the company as co-founder and CTO, created multiple levels of security to keep hackers out. First and foremost, the system is unidirectional, meaning the only information ever broadcast is the basket of goods.

Payment information is also not stored on the mobile device. Users enter that information on a secure website and the cloud server uses IP addresses to match users, payment cards, and merchants. The network essentially self-destructs every 30 seconds and is reborn with new IP addresses. In other words, a hacker has only 30 seconds before a specific Soundpays IP address is no longer valid.

Ending shopping cart abandonment.

Security aside, the most promising selling point of Soundpays is its true ubiquity. Merchants can create an ultrasonic token for a product they wish to sell and embed that audio file into any medium that features a speaker. Users can, for example, walk past a digital advertisement and purchase the featured product in a matter of seconds just by opening up the Soundpays app or website.

Unlike near-field communication technology, used by Apple Pay, which requires a physical terminal inside stores to share data, sound waves make mobile payments viable outside the store. "We think we can change how commerce is done," Misek says. "We think we can make it frictionless." The single click it takes to make a purchase helps reduce friction by eliminating online cart abandonment, a problem that plagues online retailers.

Research and information service Business Insider Intelligence estimates that approximately $4 trillion worth of merchandise will be abandoned in online shopping carts this year alone and about 63 percent of that can be recovered by savvy retailers.

Knieff of Aite Group sees the most value in ubiquity across devices. "Ubiquity is very attractive, especially in markets like Southeast Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa, where a lot of folks are using feature phones and not smartphones," he says.

As for how Soundpays will fare in the United States market against formidable competitors such as Apple Pay and Android Pay, Misek and Squire remain bullish.

"The great part about technology is that you can disrupt the people who have a head start if your product is more compelling," says Misek, who expects his company's app to launch in the next few weeks. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Launches New Clean Energy Programs in China To Promote Low ... Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced two new programs aimed at reducing the carbon footprint of its manufacturing partners in China. The programs will avoid over 20 million metric tons of greenhouse gas pollution in the country between now and 2020, equivalent to taking nearly 4 million passenger vehicles off the road for one year.

Apple also announced that construction on 40 megawatts of solar projects in the Sichuan Province is now complete. These solar installations produce more than the total amount of electricity used by Apple s offices and retail stores in China, making Apple s operations carbon neutral in China.

 Climate change is one of the great challenges of our time, and the time for action is now,  said Tim Cook, Apple s CEO.  The transition to a new green economy requires innovation, ambition and purpose. We believe passionately in leaving the world better than we found it and hope that many other suppliers, partners and other companies join us in this important effort. 

First, Apple is significantly expanding its clean-energy investments in China. Apple plans to build more than 200 megawatts of solar projects in the northern, eastern and southern grid regions of China, which will produce the equivalent of the energy used by more by than 265,000 Chinese homes in a year and will begin to offset the energy used in Apple s supply chain.

Second, Apple is launching a new initiative to drive its manufacturing partners to become more energy efficient and to use clean energy for their manufacturing operations. Apple will partner with suppliers in China to install more than 2 gigawatts of new clean energy in the coming years.

Apple also will share best practices in procuring clean energy and building high-quality renewable energy projects, and provide hands-on assistance to some suppliers in areas like energy efficiency audits, regulatory guidance and building strong partnerships to bring new clean energy projects to China.

As part of Apple s industry-leading program, Foxconn will construct 400 megawatts of solar, starting in the Henan Province, by 2018. Foxconn has committed to generate as much clean energy as its Zhengzhou factory consumes in final production of iPhone.

 We are excited to embark on this initiative with Apple. Our companies share a vision for driving sustainability and I hope that this renewable energy project will serve as a catalyst for continued efforts to promote a greener ecosystem in our industry and beyond,  said Terry Gou, founder and CEO of Foxconn Technology Group.  Sustainability is a core pillar in Foxconn s strategy and we are committed to investing in green manufacturing. 

 Being responsible, protecting air and water, and driving clean energy are at the heart of Apple s commitment to China,  said Lisa Jackson, Apple s vice president of Environment, Policy and Social Initiatives.  These projects go beyond Apple s operations in China to help our suppliers adopt clean renewable energy. 

Apple has taken significant steps to protect the environment by transitioning from fossil fuels to clean energy. Today the company is powering 100 percent of its operations in China and the US, and more than 87 percent of its worldwide operations, with renewable energy. (Original Source) 
2015-10-06
What's the Motive Behind Apple Inc's Latest Acquisition? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) acquired yet another company last week and, in typical Cupertino fashion, Apple didn't divulge any details of the deal or why it was acquired. But what we do know is that it's a natural language speech recognition company based in the U.K. called VocalIQ, and it could help fill a gap that Apple's had for far too long.

As much as any Apple fan will talk up the company's devices, if there's one thing Apple hasn't quite gotten right yet it's Siri's speech recognition. If you don't believe me, ask Siri a series of questions and then ask the same ones in the Google app for iPhone and see which voice recognition system hears you better (it may not be a scientific example, but I have no doubt that Google will outperform).

Apple's voice recognition has improved since its first debut in 2011, but it still feels unintelligent at times and, after years of being out of beta, still slightly undeveloped.

But while Apple will likely use VocalIQ to improve Siri on the iPhone, I think the company has much bigger plans for its new acquisition.

Another piece in Apple's Internet of Things puzzle

Right now, Siri isn't learning much about how we talk or ask questions. It simply listens. VocalIQ's speech recognition platform can be placed inside of all sorts of apps, and the company says on its website (just before it was taken down) that, "Every time your application is used it gets a little bit smarter. Previous conversations are central to it's learning process -- allowing the system to better understand future requests and in turn, react more intelligently."

VocalIQ's platform actively learns, as opposed to just listens, which makes its uses much more interesting. And its natural language speech recognition platform wasn't just for mobile devices, but also for automotive infotainment systems, smart homes, wearables, and robotics. In that way, Apple just bought a platform that could help pave the way for enhanced speech systems for nearly everything it creates: mobile devices, Macs, Apple TV, smart home software, and possibly even its rumored Apple Car.

That's important because Cisco estimates that by 2020, there will be 50 billion Internet of Things (IoT) devices, and people will need an easy way to communicate with those connected things. As wearable devices are already starting to show, making smaller touch screens isn't always the best way to interact with a device. So adding more, and better, voice recognition systems could help users better communicate with their growing list of IoT devices.

Where Apple goes from here

Of course, the VocalIQ acquisition is just one small piece of Apple's overall IoT strategy. But as Apple recently showed with the latest release of its voice-activated Apple TV, the company is making speech commands much more of a priority with its devices.

Making products that can understand natural language, and truly learn what users are saying, may not bring in any new revenue for the company, but it could help Apple enhance its current devices and introduce new ones. And as the Internet of Things begins to take shape, an intelligent, learning, speech recognition platform will be more important than ever. Verizon Communications Inc Is Feeling the Pressure of Apple Inc's iPhone ... It didn't take long after Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced its iPhone Upgrade Program for Sprint (NYSE:S) and T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS) to come up with special offers of their own. Verizon (NYSE:VZ), meanwhile, seemed resolute about maintaining its current pricing and upgrade policies.

Verizon's policies don't allow its customers who bought a phone with an installment plan to upgrade to a new phone until their existing phone is 75% paid off. For someone making regular payments, that would take 18 months.

But right before the iPhone 6s hit the shelves, Verizon budged on its upgrade policy. It will allow iPhone 6s customers to upgrade their phones after 12 months.

What made Verizon change?

Apple's new iPhone Upgrade Program is a threat to all wireless carriers. Apple is selling unlocked iPhones for the same price as the carriers sell iPhones locked to their networks. Additionally, Apple's plan lets customers upgrade their iPhone every 12 months to get the most recent model. That kind of flexibility is nice to have, especially if you're paying the same price as you would with the carrier.

It also means that customers will have more opportunities to switch carriers. With a carrier-sponsored financing plan, the customer can buy any phone, but it's locked to that carrier. Apple flipped the script with the iPhone Upgrade Program, locking customers into the iPhone, but letting them choose any service provider.

This represents a threat to Verizon, which has some of the highest pricing in the industry. Meanwhile, T-Mobile and Sprint have been touting leasing plans for the new iPhone, which cut the cost down to as little as $1 per month if you trade in an old phone. T-Mobile has even structured a promotional lease that will allow customers to pay $125 less than retail for the new iPhone 6s.

With the incredible low-priced offers from low-end competition, and the additional flexibility provided by Apple's plan, Verizon was facing potential customer losses. What's more, iPhone customers are historically valuable customers.

How will this impact Verizon?

Verizon's biggest draw is still its network, which is arguably the best in the country. However, both Sprint and T-Mobile continue to make improvements that are closing the gap between the best and worst networks. A customer who's free to try other networks is much more likely to defect than one who must end a phone contract to switch providers. As a result, Verizon stands to maintain a lower churn rate compared to its previous non-competitive offer.

But Verizon will still have to finance those new iPhones. The company packages up its receivables into securities, and sells them to banks. With the upgrade terms reduced to 12 months from 18 months, those securities carry a bit more risk that the full value won't be recouped, which means Verizon could see a drop in the price it receives per contract on those securitized loans. That would have a negative impact on the company's cash flow, but the discount is likely only a few basis points. Verizon could possibly make up the difference in volume.

On the flip side, Verizon would benefit from customers who choose to finance their phones through Apple, but still decide to stick with the wireless carrier. That way, it can offload that financial risk to Apple, but the risk is likely more than offset by lower switching costs for customers.

Although Verizon isn't offering the same value as T-Mobile and Sprint when it comes to purchasing or leasing an iPhone 6s, it's offering similar value to Apple. That's the real key, as Verizon believes its superior network will take care of the rest.

Sprint and T-Mobile can compete for the value hunters, but Verizon is aiming to maintain its share of premium customers. The new upgrade terms should certainly help. 
2015-03-16
Is Google Stock a Better Buy Than Apple Inc. Today? As someone who looks at tech and telecom stocks on a daily basis, I've had potential problems at search giant Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) on my mind a lot lately.

The chart below makes clear how badly Google has lagged both stocks in general and archrival Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) over the last 12 months.

However, successful value investing often requires finding opportunities in out-of-vogue areas of the market; going against the crowd and all that. And recently, a number of research analysts have made the case that Mr. Market clearly underappreciates Google. So between Google's stock market struggles and Apple's soaring shares, which stock appears the better buy today? Let's find out.

Google's curse is its blessing

With Google shares falling nearly 1% in the last year while the market as a whole continues to rise, no fewer than five of the largest research firms recently came to the company's defense.

The primary theme that appears throughout each of these notes is that Google is a relative steal when compared to the market. The core argument boils down to Google remains a company with a far greater long-term growth outlook than the average business, but it's trading at a valuation roughly in line with major market indexes such as the S&P 500 or the tech-weighted Nasdaq 100.

Google S&P 500 Nasdaq 100 Price-to-earnings ratio 20.9x 19.4x 22.9x

However, despite their relatively similar pricing, the average analyst estimates Google will grow at an annual rate of 11.9% over the next five years, versus a 7.7% total return for the S&P 500. Also, that's before backing out Google's huge cash hoard from its market capitalization.

The most consistently discussed growth driver among these research notes is the increasing calls for Google to follow Apple's path and begin returning capital to shareholders via either stock buybacks or a once-unthinkable dividend. At the end of 2014, the search giant carried roughly $64 billion in cash and marketable securities on its balance sheet, versus slightly more than $3 billion in long-term debt. Google also generated over $22 billion in cash from operations last year, so virtually any financing needs should be amply covered (and then some).

Moving beyond capital allocation, Wall Street sees a number of other potential catalysts the market doesn't in the near-to-medium term: realizing opportunities such as better monetizing its vast array of Google-owned mobile apps (Maps, Gmail, etc.), making another large strategic acquisition akin to its YouTube buyout, improved mobile CPC, or even more far-flung initiatives akin to Google's recent small-scale entry into the U.S. wireless market. Obviously, there's a lot to distill into this relatively limited space here. However, hopefully you get the gist: These prominent analysts see a disconnect between Google's valuation and the many positives its business should enjoy in the years to come.

Better buy: Google or Apple?

I see many parallels between Google stock and Apple stock at the moment. In terms of pricing, neither stock is a screaming buy, but they're also certainly both attractive options relative to the market.

To be clear, I have my concerns regarding Google and Apple. In fact, the timeline for my concerns for both stocks is eerily similar.

For Apple, I'm confident its current iPhone super cycle has enough steam remaining to provide the company with impressive financial performance for the remainder of its fiscal 2015. However, with some lingering doubts about the market potential of the first generation of the Apple Watch, I worry Apple could suffer from some tremendously challenging comps in its next fiscal year. Although this is far from certain, I worry about a 2012-2013 sell-off scenario happening at Apple. Beyond the medium-term risk, though, I still believe in the Apple ecosystem and potential entry into new mass markets like the smarthome enough that I'm not losing too much sleep about that worst-case scenario.

Similarly, I think it's pretty evident the market has taken an unnecessarily harsh view of Google of late. The main lingering concern I have is whether the company can eventually reverse its multiyear cost-per-click down cycle. However, like Apple, Google is so well-run, and so well-positioned at the epicenter of so many long-term growth markets, that it's hard to see things ending badly for those interested in the stock at its current levels. So while it might be a bit disappointing to be told there isn't necessarily a better option between the two at the moment, I'm at least of the mindset that both stocks appear attractive at their current levels. Will Retail Stores Make Google Inc. As "Cool" As Apple Inc.? Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) recently took baby steps into the brick-and-mortar retail space with its first "shop within a shop" in Currys PC World in London. The store replaces Google Chrome Zone, a smaller section for Chromebooks that launched in 2011.

Google's new store showcases a wide range of Android and Chrome OS devices and helps customers learn how to use them at classes and events. Google also plans to host "Virtual Space Camps" at the stores to teach children the basics of coding. The company plans to open two more "shop in shop" stores in the U.K. later this year, but it's unclear if stand-alone stores will follow.

Google's interest in the retail space isn't surprising, since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) already operate brick-and-mortar stores. Apple CEO Tim Cook recently announced that Apple now has 453 stores worldwide, and that over 120 million customers visited them in the fourth quarter of 2014. Microsoft currently has 111 retail stores worldwide.



Can Google replicate Apple's success?

There has been plenty of speculation about Google countering Apple's retail blitz, which started in 2001. Back in 2013, reports claimed that Google would launch retail stores across the U.S., but that never happened. Last year, Google sent its unfinished barges, originally intended to be floating retail showrooms, to the scrap yard.

But this time, things might be different. Google's U.K. marketing director, James Elias, noted that retail is still an essential way to reach potential buyers. In a statement, Elias stated:

The pace of innovation of the devices we all use is incredible, yet the way we buy them has remained the same for years. With the Google shop, we want to offer people a place where they can play, experiment and learn about all of what Google has to offer.

Apple also tested the "shop in shop" format back in the late 1990s before building stand-alone stores. After adding an Apple shop-in-shop to CompUSA's store in downtown San Francisco, Mac sales surged from 15% of store sales to 35%.

Today, stand-alone Apple Stores are so popular that they actually lift mall sales by 10%, according to Green Street Advisors. That boost gives Apple the power to negotiate below-market rental fees from mall operators. If Google can secure similar deals by boosting mall traffic, its retail locations could promote its devices at a minimal cost.



Why Google is hesitating

Yet the key difference between Google, Apple, and Microsoft is hardware production. Google specializes in software, but it only manufactures a few devices -- such as the Chromecast and Chromebook Pixel -- on its own. The majority of Android and Chrome devices are manufactured by OEM partners like Samsung, HTC, and Acer.

By comparison, Apple manufactures all of its iOS hardware, and Microsoft's hardware footprint now encompasses Xbox One consoles, Surface tablets, and Lumia phones. Therefore, selling hardware through brick-and-mortar stores puts money in Apple and Microsoft's pockets, but only a handful of devices generate any revenue for Google. Instead, Google monetizes Android and Chrome devices through search revenue, ad revenue, and app sales.

Therefore, stand-alone retail stores would be a great way to publicize Android and Chrome devices, but the return on investment will probably be substantially less than at Apple or Microsoft stores. That's probably why Google is taking baby steps with Chrome Zone and shop in shops instead of launching big stand-alone stores.

Google's future in retail

Despite those issues, I believe stand-alone Google stores can succeed if it jointly launches them with OEMs.

For example, Google can open the store, then rent out floor space to OEMs to set up their own shop in shops. Samsung, the top Android and Chromebook maker, previously set up "Samsung Experience Shops" in Best Buy stores to boost brand recognition. Samsung opened up stand-alone stores worldwide as well, but it shut down its flagship London location last December, presumably because of the poor performance of its mobile business over the past year. However, Samsung would likely be willing to sign a lighter brick-and-mortar deal with Google to increase its retail presence.

For now, Google will likely play it safe and stick with shop in shops instead of expanding into stand-alone stores. But if it expands to malls and beyond, I believe Google stores might become every bit as hip as (if not hipper than) Apple stores. 
2015-07-23
Why Apple, Inc.'s Stock Drop Is Just Silly The initial response to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) earnings release was not good. Shares promptly tanked by 9% immediately following the report, erasing $66.5 billion from the Mac maker's market cap in a matter of minutes. Shares recovered modestly after Tim Cook and company had some time to explain the figures. The initial negative reaction was a function of several factors.

First and foremost, guidance for the September-ended quarter came in a little light compared to Wall Street expectations. Apple expects revenue this quarter to be between $49 billion and $51 billion, meaning Apple would have to hit its high end to reach the consensus of $50.9 billion. Investors should like those odds, though, since Apple has beaten the high end of its revenue guidance in seven out of the 10 quarters since it changed its guidance methodology in 2013, when it moved away from giving laughably lowballed forecasts.

iPhone unit sales came in at 47.5 million, a solid 35% increase from a year ago. But they still fell short of the Street's lofty expectations. The consensus called for 48.4 million, but numerous analysts thought it'd be reasonable if Apple sold over 50 million handsets. Objectively, it was a very strong quarter.

The headliners

Revenue jumped 33% to $49.6 billion, gross margin expanded to 39.7%, and net income was $10.7 billion. That bottom line translated into $1.85 per share. Beyond iPhone units, iPad units continued to decline to 10.9 million. The Mac is still performing well, with 4.8 million units sold. That 9% increase in Mac units sure looks nice compared to the global PC market's 12% decline last quarter.

Apple repurchased $4 billion in stock in open market purchases during the quarter and launched a (somewhat expected) $6 billion accelerated share repurchase program that goes through November. Apple has now bought back $90 billion in stock. It's a good thing that Apple just boosted the repurchase authorization from $90 billion to $140 billion, so it can continue scooping up its own shares.

Let's talk iPhone

While iPhone units jumped 35%, iPhone revenue soared 59% to $31.4 billion. That was thanks to strong iPhone average selling price of $660, an incredible $99 jump from a year ago. To be fair, that's a relatively easy comparison since the $561 ASP from a year ago was the lowest in years. The new storage pricing structure and $100 premium for the 6 Plus continue to do wonders.

Apple also said it enjoyed the highest rate of Android switchers ever during the quarter, while the App Store hit a new quarterly revenue record. iPhone sales were up 87% in Greater China, compared to the market's 5% growth there. Furthermore, only 27% of the iPhone installed base has upgraded to a 6 or 6 Plus, so there's still plenty of room to run.

Keeping mum on Apple Watch

Ahead of the release, I didn't think that Apple would be totally opaque about Apple Watch results, since it would merely trigger speculation, for better or for worse. I figured that Apple would give some vague notion of how the new product was faring on the market. Sadly, opaque is exactly what Apple was.

The company provided no concrete data points, sticking with its rationale that such data would be useful for competitors. Apple did say that sales beat its internal expectations, while noting there were supply constraints throughout the quarter as it ramped up production. Apple Watch wasn't even available at Apple Retail Stores until mid-June. Cook did directly dismiss those reports that sales had fallen since launch (referring to this hysteria). Apple Watch had the highest sales in June, completely undermining Slice Intelligence's bogus findings.

Apple gave only a sliver of tangible information. Knowing that investors are watching and would try to back into Apple Watch's performance, Cook said that it would be misplaced to simply take the sequential or year-over-year increase in Other Products revenue and attribute that to Apple Watch. In fact, Apple Watch more than accounted for those increases, since the rest of the products in that category (like iPod) are shrinking. For context, Other Products revenue rose by $952 million sequentially and $874 million year over year, so we know that Apple Watch revenue was greater than that. CFO Luca Maestri said Apple Watch accounted for "well over 100% of the growth."

That's all we know.

A numbers game

Well, now it's time to speculate. Other Products includes things like iPod and accessories. In Q4 2014 (before the reporting change), iPod revenue was $410 million and accessories revenue was $1.5 billion, for a total of approximately $1.9 billion. It's quite conceivable that iPod revenue has fallen to around $300 million, and if accessories revenue is in the neighborhood of $1.2 billion, then that would leave around $1.1 billion that could be Apple Watch revenue. If Apple Watch fetches an ASP of $500, then that implies unit sales of around 2.2 million.

There are countless ways for us to play with these numbers. Apple Watch revenue of $1 billion with a $700 ASP would be just 1.4 million units, or $1.2 billion revenue at a $400 ASP would be 3 million units. Considering Maestri's comment above, if Apple Watch accounted for say, 150% of the sequential growth, then that would suggest $1.4 billion in Apple Watch revenue. Either way, analysts were expecting Apple Watch revenue to be closer to $1.8 billion, and Apple certainly didn't hit some of the more bullish unit estimates floating around out there.

Apple is keeping mum, frustrating investors everywhere. Lacking first-party data, investors have to play these types of numbers games. You asked for it, Apple. What Apple Inc. Could Buy With Its Cash [INFOGRAPHIC] Tech titan Apple has been piling up the cash at a truly remarkable rate. Over the last five years or so, the iPhone maker has piled up a $203 billion war chest. That s a great deal of money. To put it in perspective, with that $203 billion dollar stash, you could buy the Czech Republic and have change leftover (has an annual GDP of around $200 billion).

In fact, as The Reformed Broker illustrates in their eye-opening graphic (via: Instavest) published on Wednesday, July 22nd, that much money totals up to more than the current net worth of Warren Buffett, Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg and Alibaba s Jack Ma combined.

What Apple could buy with its cash

If CEO Tim Cook could convince the board of Apple to get jiggy, the company could spend it s massive cash hoard on some pretty cool stuff. For example, the tech giant could buy The Walt Disney Company lock, stock and barrel again with change left over (based on current market cap).

Or.if the Apple board of directors were starting to get worried about inflation, they could hedge the company by buying all the gold in Fort Knox literally.

If Cook and the Apple BoD was in a sporting mood, they could afford to take quite a few employees to see a Major League Baseball game. Or, heck, they could buy all 30 MLB teams, and still have around $160 billion leftover for hot dogs and beer.

Also of interest, that same $203 billion dollars war chest would finance a 270 trips to the moon and back (based on the cost of past moon flights)

If Apple wanted to really be the most popular company in the country, they could spend their war chest to give every man, woman and child in the United States, including legally resident and illegal aliens a check for $632. Now that would be Christmas in July! Apple: The Stark Contrast Between iPad And Surface Sales  Investing in the Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) Electric Car So is Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) building an electric car or not?

The Wall Street Journal fed this fire yesterday after reporting that Apple hired another auto industry veteran.

Doug Betts, who led global quality at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV until last year, is now working for the Cupertino, Calif.-based electronics giant but declined to comment on the position when reached Monday. Mr. Betts  LinkedIn profile says he joined Apple in July and describes his title as  Operations-Apple Inc.  with a location in the San Francisco Bay Area but no further specifics. Apple declined to comment on the new hire. It s not immediately clear whether he is part of the company s car initiative or if he will work on an existing product line. Along with Mr. Betts, whose expertise points to a desire to know how to build a car, Apple recently recruited one of the leading autonomous-vehicle researchers in Europe and is building a team to work on those systems.

I have little doubt that Apple is actively pursuing an electric vehicle strategy, but whether or not the strategy involves actually producing electric cars is still up for debate.

It s no secret that Tesla (NASDAQ: TSLA) and Apple have had private meetings where I m sure some of Silicon Valley s biggest players sat around a conference room trying to decide where to invest their mountains of cash next.

But when it comes to electric vehicles, I don t believe for a second that these guys are just looking to manufacture new vehicles. It s much bigger than that.

Internal Combustion Blues

Manufacturing quality electric cars is no longer some lofty goal. That goal s been reached, and surpassed. The next step is proliferation.

You see, internal combustion vehicles didn t become ubiquitous the moment the first Model T rolled off the line. It took time. It took investments in infrastructure, support industries, and marketing.

It took rapid developments in technology that enabled these vehicles to travel longer distances and in a much safer manner. And from the integration of better breaking systems to windshield wipers, the evolution of the internal combustion vehicle has never really stopped.

Even today, new technologies that allow these vehicles to use less fuel or allow drivers to use GPS systems to avoid accidents are wonderful advances.

Yet there s still one hurdle that internal combustion vehicles can never overcome - and that s their dependence on oil. And as it turns out, it s that dependence that has left the internal combustion vehicle vulnerable to the will of super smart tech geeks with loads of money and a desire to make the world a better place.

In the future, it won t just be electric cars that ll be taking us from point A to point B. It ll be electric cars that will  

Deliver 500-mile ranges with a single charge

Drive autonomously

Be connected to solar-powered charging stations

Serve as back-up generators for your home or office

Tell you how pretty you are

Ok, maybe the last one went a bit too far. But my point is this  

While rumors of Apple building an electric car continue to churn out excitable Apple disciples and electric car zealouts, I m more excited to see how Apple works with its fellow tech gate keepers to completely transform the personal transportation paradigm.

It s going to be amazing! What Did Apple Inc.'s Earnings Mean For ARM Holdings plc? ARM Holdings (LSE: ARM) is one of London s market darlings, and one of the UK s greatest success stories. Over the past ten years, ARM s shares have risen seven-fold, and there seems to be no end to the company s growth. What s more, ARM has been able to accomplish this growth without taking on any debt. The company has around  700m of cash on its balance sheet at present and is generating cash at a rate of  90m per quarter. Unfortunately, ARM s prospects are currently tied to the success of Apple. When Apple reported sales results that missed expectations earlier this week, the company, 

We will use your email address only to keep you informed about updates to our web site and about other products and services that we think might interest you. The Motley Fool respects your privacy! Please read our Privacy Statement.

Register by giving us your email below to continue reading all of the content on the site. Soon you will also begin to receive our FREE email newsletter, The Motley Fool Collective. It features straightforward advice on what s really happening with the stock market, direct to your inbox. It s designed to help you protect and grow your portfolio. (You may unsubscribe any time.)

ARM Holdings (LSE: ARM) is one of London s market darlings, and one of the UK s greatest success stories. Over the past ten years, ARM s shares have risen seven-fold, and there seems to be no end to the company s growth.

What s more, ARM has been able to accomplish this growth without taking on any debt. The company has around  700m of cash on its balance sheet at present and is generating cash at a rate of  90m per quarter.

Unfortunately, ARM s prospects are currently tied to the success of Apple. When Apple reported sales results that missed expectations earlier this week, the company, along with many of its supplies, including ARM, saw billions wiped off their market values in the space of a few hours.

Apple s third quarter iPhone sales increased by 35%. However, analysts were expecting a better result. ARM s first-half pre-tax profits rose by 28%, on a 15% increase in revenues, but even this growth wasn t enough to stop the chipmaker s shares falling in sympathy with Apple.

ARM is heavily reliant upon smartphone sales for growth and is banking on continued strong growth in this sector. Management estimates that half of all smartphones sold this year will contain ARM s latest chips but the fact that Apple s sales missed expectations, could be interpreted as a warning.

Indeed, as one of the largest players in the global smartphone market, Apple is a bellwether for industry sales.

So, as Apple missed Wall Street s forecasts, it could be the case that industry sales are slowing, and analysts have been over-optimistic about smartphone market s growth.

Diversification

ARM is currently working to diversify away from its traditional smartphone market and Apple. The company is looking to the internet of things (IoT) market, where its high-performance, low-power chips are in demand.

And ARM signed a record 54 new processor licences during the second quarter of this year as IoT technology really started to take off. However, ARM s revenues from licencing during the quarter only expanded 3% to $151m as much of the financial benefit from these deals will come in later years.

Still, the figures show that ARM is working hard to diversify away from its traditional smartphone market. Nevertheless, it will take several years before the company has grown out of its reliance on Apple.

High expectations

ARM needs to sustain its current rate of growth to justify its high valuation.

For example, at present levels ARM is trading at a forward P/E 36.2. Earnings per share growth of 73% is expected this year. This rich valuation does not leave much room for error if ARM s growth rate starts to slow. But with Apple s sales already coming in below expectations, ARM s growth could also take a hit. 
2015-01-30
Apple Inc.'s Record iPhone Sales: The One Number I'm Worried About Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) this week reported record sales of 74.5 million iPhones during its first quarter, up from 51 million units a year earlier. With $18.04 billion in profit on $74.6 billion in revenue, Apple also posted the most profitable quarter for any company in history.

That's great news for Apple investors, but one number from that stellar earnings report worries me: 68.6%. That's how much of Apple's revenue came from iPhone sales alone.

Rising dependence on the iPhone

To understand why Apple's high dependence on this product is troubling, let's check the weight of the iPhone on Apple's top line over the past eight quarters.

Meanwhile, sales of the iPad have declined for four consecutive quarters on a year-over-year basis. Last quarter, iPad unit sales fell 18% as revenue declined 22%. Between the second quarter of 2013 and the first quarter of 2015, the weight of the iPad on Apple's top line declined from 20% to 12%. As iPad sales faded, iPhone sales successfully picked up the slack, and Apple's total revenue rose 30% year over year last quarter.

But as iPad sales further decline, the weight of the iPhone on Apple's top line will rise. This means any slowdown in iPhone sales could cause the stock to plunge.

A lot can change in a decade

Don't get me wrong -- the iPhone will likely remain in high demand for at least several more years, thanks to its unmatched appeal as a status symbol and untapped demand in emerging markets. But generational upgrades will plateau (as seen with the iPad), new competitors will enter the field, and a shiny new gadget could suddenly make the iPhone look dated.

Ten years ago, the Nokia (NYSE:NOK) 1110 was the best-selling phone in the world, with sales of 150 million units. However, Nokia missed the technological shift toward touch-based smartphones when the iPhone arrived in 2007, stubbornly stuck with the Symbian OS instead of Android, and finally sold its entire handset division to Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT). Ten years from now, the iPhone 6 could look as ancient as the Nokia 1110 does today.

While I'm not predicting a Nokia-like crash ahead for Apple, the company under CEO Tim Cook has arguably become an industry follower instead of an innovator. Many of the iPhone 6's "new" features -- larger screens, near-field communication supports, and widgets -- appeared over two years ago on Android devices. Apple Watch, the company's first new product under Cook, offers many of the same features found in Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Gear devices.

No one expects Cook to match Steve Jobs' uncanny ability to launch devices that analysts scoffed at but the public loved, but a lack of truly new devices could eventually turn Apple into a top-heavy company completely dependent on the iPhone.

How Apple can diversify

Besides launching new products, Apple can diversify its top line in other ways. The first step would be to merge its iPad and Mac businesses with "productivity tablets" such as the long-rumored iPad Pro. Demand for Macs remains strong -- last quarter, Mac revenue improved 9% year over year as unit sales climbed 14%.

Microsoft has recently reported continuous growth in Surface sales, which topped $1 billion in its most recent quarter, indicating robust demand for two-in-one devices that "bridge the gap" between PCs and tablets. If Apple does the same by merging OS X with iOS 8 on hybrid devices, it could revive iPad sales by pinning them to rising Mac sales.

Apple is also well poised to boost its services revenue beyond iTunes and the App Store by expanding Apple Pay for mobile payments, HealthKit for fitness trackers and apps, and HomeKit for smart-homes. Although Mac and services revenue only accounted for a 15.7% of Apple's top line in the quarter, their continued growth could eventually offset a slowdown in iPhone sales.

Don't worry ... for now

As a long-term Apple investor, I'm thrilled with the record first-quarter numbers. But I'm also concerned about the company's long-term future. At some point, the iPhone could start an iPad-like decline, and I hope Apple's top line will be diversified enough when that happens. Report: Steve Jobs Wanted To 'Secure A License ASAP' After He Saw This Technology Tom Shaughnessy is the author of SecretCaps.

Network-1 Technologies Inc (NYSE: NTIP) is an under-the-radar microcap company whose strong merits have gone unnoticed in the eyes of institutions and mainstream investors. At $2.30 per share, NTIP is a $56 million company with no debt, $21.2 million in cash and cash equivalents and an ongoing revenue stream from Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: CSCO) and twelve other companies.

NTIP has the potential to substantially reward shareholders as it asserts its already proven intellectual property rights.

Central to Network-1 Technologies is the fact that the company has been asserting its intellectual property rights against Apple, Microsoft and Google aggressively. These IP holdings are valuable and are even standards in the networking industry.

This has been validated by the fact that industry giants such as Cisco have already licensed with NTIP. (10-Q Legal Proceedings Source).

Quick Thesis

With $21 million+ in cash, no debt, consistent share repurchases cresting $7.5 million, a $23 million NOL carryforwards and a proven multi-million dollar revenue stream with 16 licensees, NTIP is a financially rock solid microcap company.

The backbone of the company is its intellectual property holdings. The company s IP is extremely stable with its key Remote Power Patent overcoming two USTPO re-exams, an IPR, and being licensed (validated) by industry giants such as Cisco. NTIP is targeting additional companies for infringement of the same technologies Cisco infringed and licensed to use.

The company has two additional avenues of growth, which have the potential to provide hundreds of millions in revenue -- its Mirror Worlds and Cox patent portfolios. Mirror Worlds has already overcome major obstacles (validity, infringement and damages) and was thrown out on a technicality -- yet is being asserted against Apple again -- for a different time period.

25 percent+ insider ownership by the company s impressive CEO Corey Horowitz aligns his interests perfectly with shareholders. Along with this insider ownership, a recent up-list to the NYST MKT from the OCTBB will increase visibility and exposure for shares.

Industry Giants Are In Play

NTIP is targeting Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) for infringement of one of its key patent holdings. Apple was already found guilty of infringement of this patent to the tune of $625 million+, but the judgment was vacated.

Now, NTIP is targeting Apple for a different time period, and with validity and infringement being found the first time around, Apple could be on the line for potentially hundreds of millions.

This is the reason why Steve Jobs originally stated,  It may be something for our future, and we may want to secure a license ASAP," with regard to NTIP s technology after it was introduced to him.

Outside of Apple, NTIP is also targeting Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) in one of its lawsuits. Microsoft has not even filed any IPRs or opposition to the company s advances.

Further, NTIP is also asserting its intellectual property against Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) and YouTube for YouTube s Content ID system - owned by Google. It is worth noting that industry giants have already licensed with the company, validating its intellectual property, such as Cisco.

Closing Thoughts

Sending this investment home is the fact that investors can purchase shares relatively for free when discounting royalties owed and the company's cash balance.

Buying shares at current levels could be attractive, along with the company's aggressive share repurchase program and high insider ownership. Further, investors misunderstanding of last quarter -- since earnings must be viewed on an annualized basis -- might provide an attractive entry point for long-term investors.

Image Credit: Acaben, Wikimedia

By reading this post you agree to SecretCaps full disclosure. This post is not investment advice and is strictly informational.

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Is 0.5% Of US GDP, 0.15% Of Global GDP As we digested the results from blowout quarter we got the usual series of comparisons of the numbers to the GDP of countries. As is also now traditional I pointed out that you cannot compare the turnover of a company to the GDP of a country. One is the value added in that economy, the other is simply what it says on the tin, the turnover. If we want to compare the two things as economic units we've got to compare like with like: either turnover with turnover or value added with value added. Which is exactly what I did here.

OK, that's excellent. But someone over in The Guardian isn't having it. Apparently this is just grumbling and it's still useful to compare the numbers so there:

This string of dollar signs doesn t just mean that Apple is richer than most companies; it means that it s richer than most countries. If Apple s earnings continue apace its annual revenue will be almost $300bn; a figure comparable to the GDP of Israel, Greece, Denmark or Hong Kong. It should be noted that GDP measures the value of goods and services produced in a country and is not identical to a company s revenue.  Apple Is Not As Big As Israel, Greece, Denmark Or Hong Kong, Please, Get A Grip,  grumbled Forbes. But just because GDP is different doesn t mean the comparison isn t useful; indeed it highlights an important shift in the power balance between countries and corporations.

Well, that tells me, doesn't it? Even though it's innaccurate, not comparing like with like, it's still useful because, well, politics basically. Yet in the same piece we get told this:

While all this may seem depressing, take heart in the fact that no matter how omnipotent they may seem, all corporate empires eventually fall. Take , for example, which accounted for a 4% of the Finnish GDP in 2000 and had 41% of the mobile phone market worldwide in 2006. Know anyone with a Nokia now? Exactly.

But that shows us exactly why the comparison doesn't work. Finnish GDP in 2000 (I know we've different years here but these are the figures that are being used) was of the order of $120 billion. Nokia's turnover in 2006 was  51 billion, or close enough to $60 billion given my memory of exchange rates at that time. So using the turnover is equal to GDP idea we think that Nokia was 50% of the Finnish economy. But measuring it properly it was (again, different year but these are his figures, not mine) we find that Nokia is 4% of Finnish GDP. And being out by more than one order of magnitude really isn't accurate as a comparison of anything, is it? Not even for political reasons.

As to what Apple really is in size as an economic unit the best (better than mine linked above as I made some very simplistic assumptions) is probably this from FT Alphaville:

To be precise, we estimate that Apple s economic output in 2014 was worth about $87 billion. According to the , the next biggest economies were Ecuador and Slovakia, which each produced about $100 billion. Just below Apple were Oman at $81 billion, Azerbaijan at $78 billion, and Belarus at $77 billion.

If we say that the US economy is $17 trillion (inaccurate but close enough) then Apple is equal in size to 0.5%, half a percent, of the US economy. And if the global economy is $60 trillion (again, innaccurate but close enough) then Apple is 0.15% of that global economy. And given that Apple operates globally that's probably the right comparison to make.

Except, of course, if you're trying to play politics with these numbers as it's usually quite difficult to get people marching in the streets over 0.15% of anything. Apple Inc.'s Positive Performance Sustainable? The recent quarter has been exceptional for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), mainly because the company sold record units of the new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 plus. Surely, quarterly earnings report for the fourth quarter of 2014 showed a record $18 billion in earnings value for the company, the biggest figure for earnings reported in by any public company. However, can Apple keep surpassing investor expectations now that the world progresses into 2015?

According to Apple Inc., it might be able to sustain its growth. Apple is a tech company which is unique in its size and it is the most valuable company in the world at the moment (with revenue figures of $183 billion in the past year). For a company that large, it is much easier to take risks and expand into foreign markets where demand for Apple devices is at its highest.

Truly, a major reason behind Apple s recent growth spurt is the strategic entrance into the Chinese market, one Apple had been trying to tap for quite some time now. Apple entered the market by signing multiple deals with local mobile data service providers in China, namely UnionPay and China Mobile, a move that has made it much easier for the company to sell its products in collaboration with local service providers. Due to strict restrictions for Western brands in China, it had been hard for Apple to enter the market previously. However, now Apple enjoys impressive sales figures in the country.

In fact, China recently surpassed the US in iPhone sales. According to reports, Apple sales figure in China was greater than sales figure in the US in the last quarter of 2014, which is the first time an international market has become bigger than the home market for the company, or for any company operating in the tech industry in the US. This has provided a massive push to the company.

However, analysts are not so optimistic about Apple Inc. s growth in the industry. According to them, sales by Apple in China are premature to become premise for an argument in favor of sustained growth for the company in the upcoming quarters. Even though Apple harbors a cash reserve of over $178 billion at this time (more than enough for the company to explore new markets and grow even further), analysts argue that growth figures for the company will surely fall once revenue figures from the Chinese market start to decline (which they would in the coming quarters due to falling demand).

But, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), considering its trending growth spurts, will grow in size after the release of the next iPhone or Apple device, according to experts. The company has made record sales with the new iPhone device, as it always has with the release of every new model of the iPhone. Another factor that may contribute to further growth of the company is the rising demand for the Apple Pay mobile payment system, which has already begun to spread in the US according to statistics. The mobile payment system is also growing in reputation in China, where Apple Pay is working in association with UnionPay. 
2015-04-10
How Apple Watch's retail experience could turn off some Apple Inc fans Apple Watch debuted at stores across Canada on Friday, but unlike the launch of previous Apple Inc. products, the process of getting your hands on the expensive new device is significantly different this time.

Each customer is required to sign up for an Apple salesperson-facilitated tour of Apple Watch either through an online sign-up system or in-store. According to Apple, the experience is very different from browsing the aisles of your local Best Buy, Wal-Mart, or even walking into the Apple Store and purchasing a MacBook or other Apple product.

Since the Apple Watch and smartwatches are generally untested technology, (and despite the common belief they re destined to be the next big thing in tech), the Cupertino, California-based company has taken a controlled, hands-on approach in an effort to convince customers the Apple Watch is essential to their lives.

From a consumer perspective, the Apple Watch is one of the most confusing products the company has ever released. For example, prices range from $450 to $17,000 depending on the model and strap, and only two Canadian Apple Stores are set to carry the ultra-high-end version of the Apple Watch. The key to this sales pitch is convincing consumers the Apple Watch is more than just a silly gadget and instead is a life-simplifying, highly-customizable, fashion statement.

But customers can t even walk out of the store with an Apple Watch, at least not yet.

Related

 To provide the best experience and selection to as many customers as we can, we will be taking orders for Apple Watch exclusively online during the initial launch period,  said Apple retail chief Angela Ahrendts in a recent statement from the company. This means customers will only be able to purchase the Apple Watch online during the device s initial launch window, which could be an issue for eager purchasers hoping to get their hands on the wearable right away.

Friday was only the start of pre-orders for the device and some versions of the smartwatch have already sold out or have had their shipping dates pushed back to June. The official release of the Apple Watch in Canada as well as the U.S. is April 24.

Those without one-on-one product tour appointments, but who are still interested in checking out the Apple Watch, will be able to view a large glass display case showing off various watch models, as well as test out an Apple Watch attached to a stand. Customers are not be able to drop-in to an Apple Store and try on a watch   a fact which confused a number of eager browsers at the Toronto Eaton s Centre Apple Store today.

The tour begins at a station with stand-mounted watches featuring the 42mm Apple Watch and not the slightly smaller 38mm version. Surprisingly the 42mm Apple Watch doesn t look too large on most people, even for those with small wrists. In this section of the demo customers are able to run through messages, test the device s unique  force touch  feature, its Digital Crown, and also switch between Apple Watch s various other apps, giving the tester a feel for how the product operates.

Next, customers move to another table where the salesperson opens a drawer full of an overwhelming number of customizable Apple Watch choices, including: Apple Watch Sport (the least expensive $450 Apple Watch with a rubber strap) and the stainless steel Apple Watch models (the more pricey version starting at $699). The functionality available in the Apple Watch during this portion of the demo isn t interactive, but it does allow the wearer to get a feel for what the Apple Watch will look like on their wrist, as well as test its various straps   one of the device s key selling points.

Straps will likely become an unexpected deciding factor setting the Apple Watch apart from other similar smartwatches that have already been released such as the Pebble, Moto 360, Samsung Gear S and LG G Watch. Unlike other wearables, the Apple Watch s variety of proprietary bands have been designed by Apple and feel significantly different from standard watch straps, or even bands included with already released smartwatches.

For instance, the $199 Milanese Loop Strap, as well as the $199 Leather Loop strap are made of magnetized material designed to mould to the shape of the wearer s wrist in an intuitive way. Even the Apple Watch s $69.99 fluoroelastomer Sport Band has a surprisingly slippery feel to it, preventing the strap from sticking to skin. The $329 Buckle Strap and $599 adjustable Link Bracelet (which is more expensive than some actual Apple Watch models) are less impressive, although the Link Bracelet s ability to remove individual sections on the fly is intuitive and a step forward in watch band technology.

However, every strap that isn t the Sport Band comes at an additional cost, even if you re purchasing the more expensive Apple Watch edition of the wearable.

Over the course of the tour, similar to a high-end jewellery store, Apple Watch customer service representatives discuss the various pros and cons surrounding each version of the Apple Watch and its bands, and also help the customer put on and take off each model of the watch. It s important to point out that there is no pressure or obligation to purchase an Apple Watch, even if you ve made an in-store appointment.

Whether or not Apple s gamble on the smartwatches pays off remains to be seen, but it s obvious from the company s unique approach to selling the device it intends to market the Apple Watch as more than just a gadget, and instead as a high-end, expensive fashion statement.

However, the company s attentive approach to retail could turn off potential buyers who might prefer browsing the device and discovering its features on their own. Apple's New Beats Music Thinks Taylor Swift Will Make You Pay Recording artist Taylor Swift performs onstage during the 2014 iHeartRadio Music Festival at the MGM Grand Garden Arena on September 19, 2014 in Las Vegas, Nevada.

Apple Inc. has asked Florence and the Machine and more than a dozen other artists for exclusive deals to promote a revamped Beats Music, and persuade people to ante up for what they re accustomed to getting pretty much for free.

The company s in talks with the British group, which is set to release an album in June, about giving Apple limited streaming rights to a track, and has approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships, according to people familiar with the matter. The idea is that exclusives will be bait for music lovers loathe to pay for subscriptions.

Tidal, a Beats rival owned by Jay Z and 16 other musicians, is using a similar tactic as the industry tries to steal the march from platforms like Spotify and YouTube that let people listen gratis, so long as they sit through ads. The offering from Apple -- whose iTunes is the world s largest seller of music -- will be the most-watched subscription-only effort yet.

It ll come to the game with the advantages of  a whole ecosystem of devices with a loyal and rabid fan base,  said Russ Crupnick, managing partner of the research firm MusicWatch.  A lot of the infrastructure is already in place. 

Beats Music will be retooled and re-launched this summer, possibly with a new name. There will be a $9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and a family plan for $14.99, according to the people, who asked not to be identified because they re not authorized to speak publicly about the matter.

Tidal, which charges $9.99 for a standard monthly service and $19.99 for high-fidelity, is hyping exclusives from two of its owners, Beyonce and Rihanna.

Leveraging iTunes

 Given how easy it is to obtain free streaming music on the Web, any subscription payment gateway needs to involve a differentiator to warrant a pay model like that,  said Tom Webster, vice president of strategy and marketing at Edison Research. For Apple it could be  the power of the Beats brand. That s the x-factor. 

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Apple bought Beats Electronics, a headphone maker and streaming service, for $3 billion in May 2014, its biggest acquisition ever. Co-founders Jimmy Iovine, former chairman of the record label Interscope Geffen A&M, and the rapper and producer Dr. Dre joined Apple to work on its music platforms: iTunes, which has dominated the market since it opened in 2001, and two-year-old ad-supported iTunes Radio, which competes with radio sites from Pandora Media Inc. and IHeartMedia Inc. Pandora also sells an ad-free tier, for $4.99 a month.

Tom Neumayr, an Apple spokesman declined to comment. Luv Luv Luv records, which manages Florence and the Machine, and Big Machine, Swift s label, didn t respond to requests for comment.

Majority Unconvinced

 We are all interested in seeing how much Apple will leverage iTunes and iTunes Radio,  said Beth Murphy, chief marketing officer of Deezer, a streaming platform that began in France in 2007.

The giants to topple are Google Inc. s YouTube, the top online destination for music, and the four-year-old service from Spotify Ltd. Spotify has more than 60 million users -- with a quarter of them buying its $9.99-a-month ad-free subscription. YouTube has a new ad-free service called Music Key that also costs $9.99.

Swift pulled her entire catalog from Spotify after it refused to restrict her new album  1989  to its pay tier. Alicia Keys, one of Tidal s owners, said in a promotional video that it  puts the power back in the artists  hands. 

That ll happen only if enough customers are willing to pony up and so far  the majority of people who stream haven t been convinced why they have to pay,  said MusicWatch s Crupnick.

 Innate Advantage 

He said he doubted can t-get-it-anywhere-else specials would do the trick for the new Beats, which will cost $120 a year, triple what the average person spend on iTunes.

But with its worldwide army of iPhones and iPads -- and soon watches -- Apple has ready-made customers for a new Beats app.  While Apple can t convince all its iTunes customers to pay for a subscription service, or even a majority, that base gives it an innate advantage,  Crupnick said.

The industry has embraced streaming as other formats have faded, and as its income has shriveled. Recorded music sales were $40 billion in 1999 and $15 billion in 2013, according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry.

Streaming revenue surpassed CD sales in the U.S. this year. If trends continue, streaming in 2016 could exceed downloads, which have been declining, according to MusicWatch.

Last year, revenue from streaming subscriptions, Web radio and music-platform ads grew 29 percent to $1.88 billion, according to the Recording Industry Association of America. Subscription streaming brought in $799 million.

Universal Music Group Inc., Warner Music Group Corp. and Sony Music Entertainment declined to comment for this story.

 The history of subscriptions says they start cheap and go up, always,  said Marc Geiger, head of the music division at talent agency William Morris Endeavor Entertainment LLC, said during a speech last year about the future of the music business. He said it would grow, thanks to streaming.  Once people have the  subscription needle in the arm, it s very hard to come out -- and prices go up.  3 Top Stocks to Invest in Computers: Intel Corporation, Lenovo Group, and ... The PC market -- which has been overshadowed by tablets and smartphones over the past few years -- isn't a high-growth one. Research firm Gartner expects worldwide PC shipments to edge up less than 1% annually in 2015.

However, Gartner also expects PC shipments to bounce back nearly 4% in 2016, thanks to the upcoming launch of Microsoft's Windows 10 and newer processors. Therefore, contrarian investors might want to check out three top stocks that could benefit from renewed interest in the sector.

1. Intel

Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is the 800-pound gorilla in PC microprocessors. Its chips power nearly all servers, over 90% of notebooks, and more than 80% of desktops worldwide, according to research firm IDC. In 2014, revenue at its PC and Data Center businesses, which together accounted for 88% of its top line, respectively rose 4% and 18% annually.

Intel will likely keep dominating the server and PC markets because its chips remain the most advanced on the market. Intel's foundry business -- one of the four remaining foundries in the world -- enables it to launch smaller and more power-efficient designs than its "fabless" rivals. Last year, Intel was the first chipmaker to launch fanless 14nm chips, which power ultrathin devices like Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new MacBook.

However, two things could weigh Intel down in the near term. Last month, it slashed its first-quarter revenue guidance by nearly $1 billion, citing weak demand for business desktop upgrades. Starting this year, Intel will also combine its mobile business, which lost $4.2 billion in 2014, with its PC unit. That added weight could distort year-over-year comparisons.

Although Intel has rallied nearly 20% over the past 12 months, it still trades at a reasonable 13.5 times trailing earnings, compared to the S&P 500's P/E of 20.

2. Lenovo

A decade ago, Chinese PC maker Lenovo (NASDAQOTH:LNVGY) acquired IBM's PC division. Today, Lenovo is the largest PC maker in the world, claiming 20% of the worldwide market at the end of 2014, according to IDC.

In response to the rise of tablets, Lenovo gradually modified its Windows laptops into convertible devices that could be folded backwards into tablets. It expanded into Android tablets and smartphones as rival Hewlett-Packard struggled with leadership changes, a failed webOS tablet, and its disastrous acquisition of Autonomy.

Last year, Lenovo also acquired IBM's low-end server business and Google's Motorola Mobility handset business. The Motorola acquisition made Lenovo the third largest smartphone maker in the world, with a 6.5% market share at the end of 2014, according to IDC.

Last quarter, Lenovo's revenue surged 31% year over year, but its diluted EPS fell 9%. That earnings decline was mainly caused by the IBM and Motorola acquisitions. By comparison, HP's revenue fell 5% year over year and its diluted EPS slipped 1% in its most recent quarter.

Lenovo's ADR shares have climbed nearly 30% over the past 12 months. Its trailing P/E of 18 makes it pricier than HP, which trades at just 12 times trailing GAAP earnings, but Lenovo has plenty of ways to grow its top and bottom lines in the near future.

3. Apple

Most Apple investors mainly focus on iPhone sales, which accounted for 69% of Apple's top line last quarter. However, rising Mac sales also make Apple a solid play on the PC market.

Last quarter, Apple's Mac revenue accounted for 9% of Apple's top line. Revenue rose 9% year over year as unit sales improved 14%. Those gains are significant, because they could eventually help diversify Apple's top line away from the iPhone.

IDC reports that Apple's global market share in PCs climbed from 5.8% to 7.1% between the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2014, making it the fifth largest PC vendor in the world after Lenovo, HP, Dell, and Acer. Out of those five vendors, Apple reported the highest year-over-year shipment growth. In the U.S., Apple controls 12.2% of the PC market, ranking third behind HP and Dell.

Apple enjoys two key strengths in the PC market: high-end appeal and a closed-off ecosystem. The former helps it sell Macs at higher margins than Windows-based PCs. The latter shields it from Windows-based rivals, since only Apple PCs can run OS X. Those two qualities also shield its iPhones from Android rivals.

The long-term outlook

Intel, Lenovo, and Apple are all solid investments in the PC market. Intel manufactures the most popular PC processors, Lenovo is the market leader in laptops and desktops, and Apple is the fastest-growing PC manufacturer. Therefore, all three companies should benefit as the PC market recovers its footing in 2016 and beyond. Apple backpedals on policy against hiring felons to build headquarters Apple came under fire this week for its policy against hiring workers with felony convictions for the construction of its $5 billion spaceship-like headquarters in Cupertino, Calif.

The company rescinded its policy on Thursday.

"We believe in opportunity for everyone, and Apple has never had a blanket ban on hiring people with felony convictions. It recently came to our attention that, as part of a background check process unique to the Apple Campus 2 construction project, a few applicants were turned away because they had been convicted of a felony within the past seven years," the company told Fortune in a statement. "We recognize that this may have excluded some people who deserve a second chance. We have now removed that restriction and instructed our contractors on the project to evaluate all applicants equally, on a case by case basis, as we would for any role at Apple. 

A person with knowledge of the policy told Fortune earlier this week that it had applied only to individuals with felony convictions in the past seven years and that workers with pending felony charges were considered on a case-by-case basis. The person said that the policy was to ensure the safety and quality of the project.

Leaders from the Iron Workers Local Union 377, which represents workers on the headquarters construction project, challenged the policy in letters to Apple CEO Tim Cook and California Attorney General Kamala Harris. "We see no security concern that justifies a blanket prohibition on their employment in construction of a building for a technology company," wrote Dennis Meakin, the union's business manager, and Michael Theriault, its president, in a letter to Cook. "To the contrary, we believe and we know you must recognize that employment is the very thing that will sever the connection to a criminal past."

The letter pointed to the deep divide in Silicon Valley between people who work in the technology industry and those who don't. "Apple's prohibition against employment of former felons or those with a pending felony charge does not just fail to address inequality, then, but amplifies it."

Apple's back and forth on this policy comes amid an ongoing nationwide movement to regulate how criminal record checks are used in hiring practices. In an era of mass incarceration  the U.S. prison population has increased by 400% since 1977  the screenings are thought to discriminate against the more than 70 million American adults with criminal records. Many also argue that such checks impose disproportionately negative effects on persons of color, who make up more than 60% of the country s incarcerated population and are more likely to be arrested for marijuana charges even though these population groups don t use or sell the drug at higher rates. The likelihood of a job applicant receiving a callback for an interview for an entry-level position drops by 50% for individuals with a criminal record . 
2015-12-11
Apple, Inc.'s Best Product of 2015 This year has been a pretty busy one for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), busier than most years in recent memories in terms of product introductions. Most years see a new iPhone, a new iPad, and a handful of spec bumps and refreshes throughout the rest of its product portfolio. But 2015 has seen quite a few major new products and services.

Here are the most meaningful:

Apple Watch: This is a big one. As Apple's first smartwatch and wearable device, Apple Watch represents the first new product category that Apple has entered since the iPad in 2010.

This is a big one. As Apple's first smartwatch and wearable device, Apple Watch represents the first new product category that Apple has entered since the iPad in 2010. MacBook: The 12-inch MacBook with Retina display had been circulating in the rumor mill for many months, and the brand-new device has been somewhat controversial for a variety of reasons.

The 12-inch MacBook with Retina display had been circulating in the rumor mill for many months, and the brand-new device has been somewhat controversial for a variety of reasons. iPhone 6s and 6s Plus: Continuing the expected tick-tock cycle, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus added 3D Touch this year as the headline-selling feature while keeping the same overall design.

Continuing the expected tick-tock cycle, the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus added 3D Touch this year as the headline-selling feature while keeping the same overall design. iPad Pro: Like the MacBook, there had been plenty of leaks about a larger 12.9-inch iPad in the works that would enhance productivity.

Like the MacBook, there had been plenty of leaks about a larger 12.9-inch iPad in the works that would enhance productivity. Apple Pencil: After resisting the stylus trend, Apple has now jumped on the bandwagon in order to enhance the iPad Pro's appeal to creative professionals.

After resisting the stylus trend, Apple has now jumped on the bandwagon in order to enhance the iPad Pro's appeal to creative professionals. iPad mini 4: Last year, the iPad mini 3 was a very modest upgrade, but this year represents a better performance increase.

Last year, the iPad mini 3 was a very modest upgrade, but this year represents a better performance increase. Apple Music: Apple's on-demand music streaming service is a little bit late to the game, but it offers the music industry better economics since there is no ad-supported free version.

Apple's on-demand music streaming service is a little bit late to the game, but it offers the music industry better economics since there is no ad-supported free version. Apple TV: It had been several years since the streaming media box had seen any updates, and Apple delivered a big one with a new interface combined with the new Siri Remote.

How do we pick which one of these is most important?

Winner: MacBook

I believe the new 12-inch MacBook is the best new Apple product of 2015. Here's why.

Never mind the fact that the new MacBook uses a low-power processor that technically offers less power than other MacBooks. Never mind the controversial decision to only include a single USB-C port (other than the headphone jack) for power, charging, data transfer, and external displays. Never mind the high price of admission, charging $1,299 for the cheapest configuration.

Buying the 12-inch MacBook comes with plenty of compromises. It doesn't handle CPU-intensive tasks very well, you need a wide variety of dongles to properly use USB-C port since there aren't many accessories yet, and it's expensive. Beyond the product itself, it's more about what the MacBook represents.

The new MacBook shows that Apple is still the same forward-looking and innovative company. If anything, the MacBook is ahead of its time. Nearly all of the reviews say that it's as if the device is from the future. Indeed, Apple's official marketing tag line for it is: "Light. Years ahead." And it's quite fitting. In a recent interview with Mashable discussing the new MacBook, marketing chief Phil Schiller described Apple's philosophy: "We found that the best thing we could do is push boundaries beyond what's expected, beyond what's comfortable sometimes."

If all of the criticisms sound eerily familiar, it's because they echo the same criticisms of the original MacBook Air from 2008, which launched at an even higher $1,799 initially. But following the 2010 refresh, the MacBook Air would then go on to set the standard for consumer laptops for the next half-decade. Nearly all laptops were judged against the Air once the industry caught up to the original vision of an ultra-portable laptop. It even inspired a new class of PC laptops called Ultrabooks: thin, light, and powerful laptops at premium price points.

The MacBook won't drive as much revenue as the iPhone, expand an addressable market like the iPad Pro, or enter an entirely new product category like Apple Watch. But the MacBook shows that Apple is comfortable making consumers a little uncomfortable if it's all in the name of progress. Why the Apple Smart Battery Case Is So Perplexing Forget "the hump" for a moment.

The new Apple Smart Battery Case, available this week in white or charcoal gray for $99, is more than just an accessory for your iPhone 6s. It's meant to provide another charge-up (but not fully back to 100%) only for that model to keep you running all day and offer some protection against drops and cracks, since it has a raised edge.

I'm not sure if the reports from earlier this week were based on actual tests, especially since it wasn't available at my local Apple Store yet and was only available online to ship two-day (I received a press sample). The case is not as bad as some people have said when you hold it in your hand. Yes, it's definitely not as svelte or practical as the Mophie Juice Pack or the Otterbox Resurgence. And, the case feels a bit rushed and just doesn't have that "wow" factor you'd expect.

In my tests, it worked OK. It's a case.

So why are people so worked up? The initial shock is partly due to how the case looks. It has a slight hump on the back, like someone squeezed three credit cards into the back of the plastic enclosure and slapped an Apple logo on the back. After that shock wears off, you begin to wonder how this product made it through the lab. It could be a sign of things to come, or an anomaly...or maybe something much less nefarious. It could be just an accessory meant to charge your phone.

The reason the case is so perplexing, though, is why it even exists. Mophie, Otterbox, Ballistic, Lifeproof, and countless other companies already own this market. Why not let them own it? Why stab your own constituency? Apple must know that when people buy the iPhone 6s online or at a store, they'll ask about a case--and probably buy the Smart Battery Case. I've seen this countless times at the Apple Store, especially when an entrepreneur comes in with a company credit card and buys an iPad everyone on the staff...and a second charger, a case, and a soft keyboard. It's what we used to call the market basket back in my retail days. You are already in the store buying a phone, why not just add a case and a charger?

Here's my prediction. The Apple faithful will skip the case altogether. There's too much backlash. It's almost like they will ignore it as a true Apple product. Yet, the casual consumer, the one who buys the iPhone because someone at the office said it was worth a try, won't notice "the hump" and won't care. This will eat into the sales of a few case companies, but Mophie and a few others will survive just fine.

The real loser with the case is not the customer or the competition. It's Apple. They have suddenly created ill-will with their partners, and even the green pastures of Cupertino (actually, it looks more like suburban area married an industrial park) can turn brown. A cloud can roll in, the thunder can roll...and so can the people behind this case who designed and let it see the light of day. Right out the back door. Why This Apple Inc. "Rumor" Is Old News Technology news website Fudzilla recently published an article claiming that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been "quietly working behind the scenes" to develop an in-house graphics processor for inclusion in future A-series processors.

Although this might seem like news, particularly as it is well-known that Apple typically licenses graphics processors from graphics IP specialist Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF), it's really not. There have been very clear and obvious signs in the public domain that Apple has been working on its own graphics processors for quite some time.

Just look at Apple's job listings

To illustrate my point, it's worth looking at Apple's recent job listings. If you go to Apple's job page and search for "GPU," a whole slew of job openings -- many of which are quite recent -- show up.

Now, not all of these listings "prove" that Apple is working on a custom graphics processor, but there are ones like this that make it painfully obvious:

This job listing shows that Apple needs engineers who can work to define the micro-architecture of a GPU and ultimately help to produce "high quality graphics [intellectual property] in order to meet performance, feature, timing, area, and power goals."

If the above job listing wasn't enough to convince you that Apple is working on custom graphics processors, it's also worth noting that it has poached a number of GPU industry veterans.

For example, back in March, Apple hired away John Tynefield from graphics giant NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA). In his previous role, Tynefield was a senior director of GPU architecture responsible for many key parts of NVIDIA's GPU architectures.

Now, he's a director of GPU architecture at Apple.

Apple also hired Utku Diril back in 2013. Diril came from graphics IP maker Vivante, where he was a director of architecture. At Apple, he worked on "GPU design and architecture" from Feb. 2013 through Nov. 2014 before moving on to the role of "ASIC design manager" (likely also working on helping to implement Apple GPU designs into system-on-chip designs).

There are countless other examples for those willing to spend some time looking at LinkedIn profiles.

Why is Apple working on a custom GPU?

Apple has proven with its custom CPU designs that it can run quite a bit faster than its competition can and it is my opinion that Apple continues to put considerable distance between itself and other mobile CPU vendors (merchant or vertically integrated device makers) with its architectures.

I suspect that Apple thinks that it can replicate the success that it has enjoyed in developing custom CPU architectures with GPUs.

Can Apple pull it off? Probably

Apple has no problems attracting many of the best and the brightest to join its ranks; from what I can tell, it has done a spectacular job of this on the CPU side.

As far as GPUs go, I think Apple has so far recruited quite a lot of excellent talent and should continue to do so in the coming years. Although it's not clear when exactly we should see Apple's first in-house graphics processors, I believe that when we do see them, they will prove to be industry leading, just like its CPUs and overall system-on-chip designs are today. Here's How Rich You'd Be if You'd Bought Into Apple's IPO 35 Years Ago Apple is the most valuable company in the world today. If only you'd predicted that coming two and a half decades ago, you'd be a lot richer as well.

Thirty-five years ago this weekend, Apple ( aapl ) went public. At the offering price of $22 a share, 100 shares would have cost you $2,200. Since then the stock has split four times, including three 2-for-1 splits and one 7-for-1 split, which occurred last year.

That means your 100 shares would have multiplied into 5,600 today, and your initial investment would now be worth $632,800. That's a return of 28,663%. And that's before dividends, which would have added another $5,936 to your return so far this year alone.

By comparison, a $2,200 investment in the S&P 500 in the same time would have netted you about $79,000. Even betting on Warren Buffett, often considered the greatest investor of all time, won't have made you as much money. Shares of Berkshire Hathaway ( brk.a ) are up about 7,500% in the same time, turning your then $2,200 investment in to $167,200.

But you would have had to see greatness four years before the company launched the Macintosh. And you would have had to hold on to the company's stock through the Steve Job-less years. Through much of the 1990s, Apple's shares went nowhere. But for the faithful, the wait would have, obviously, more than paid off. Here Are the Companies Apple Could Buy in 2016 Apple ( aapl ) has over $200 billion in cash, and in 2016, may just find a way to spend it.

Daniel Ives, an analyst at FBR & Co., on Dec. 10 wrote in an investor report that he believes 2016 could be the year Apple uses some of its cash to make a big acquisition. Pointing to four companies Adobe ( adbe ) , Box ( box ) , GoPro ( gpro ) , and Tesla ( tsla )  Ives said that Apple may be thinking seriously about expanding its product lineup and will use those industry giants to do it.

"While Apple has built its golden consumer empire around its unrivaled iPhone franchise, we believe [Apple CEO Tim] Cook's crystal ball is now focused on building out new technology growth frontiers/product areas for the next decade," Ives wrote.

In an interview with Fortune , Ives said that Apple is "facing a new paradigm." He pointed to concerns over slower growth in the smartphone industry and the "need to put fuel in the engine outside of the core iPhone franchise" as key reasons for Apple to invest in companies that could help it expand its product lineup.

"Apple needs new product categories and buying makes more sense than building in our opinion," he says. "There's a window of opportunity here and they need to call an audible, go away from usual playbook, and do a deal that makes strategic sense."

In his note, Ives argued that buying Adobe or Box could help the company improve its relationships with the corporate world. He argues that Box, which provides cloud-based storage to consumers but also has a strong presence in the corporate world, could help the iPhone maker find a new way into the office. Adobe, he says, would also provide a nice boost for Apple's corporate business.

"Adobe would provide a nice pipeline into the enterprise; gaining control of the dominant platform for creatives could give Apple a boost in selling its hardware (Macs, iPads, iPhones) into this all-important user base," he wrote to investors. "Apple would also be at the center of the digital transformation within enterprises, as Adobe s Document Cloud/Marketing Cloud applications are helping enterprises grapple with the growth of digital marketing, proliferation of mobile devices in the enterprise, and Internet of Things."

MORE: How Box Just Put Its Content Management Rivals On Notice

Box currently has a market cap of $1.6 billion. Adobe, a much larger company, has a $44.2 billion market cap.

Still, there is little precedent for Ives to claim that Apple could open its wallet for big acquisitions in 2016. While Apple has made more than 30 acquisitions over the last few years, most have been small firms that it buys for tens of millions of dollars. Those companies are often shuttered and their core features integrated into Apple's existing platforms, including Maps, iCloud, and iTunes.

Apple's biggest acquisition in recent memory was its pickup last year of Beats Electronics for $3 billion. Since then, the company hasn't made a major acquisition and has shown no signs that it might.

Meanwhile, Apple continues to generate billions of dollars in profit each quarter and stockpile its cash. That, of course, hasn't gone unnoticed by investors, who have wanted some of that cash back. Over the last few years, Apple has responded by being among the largest dividend distributors on Wall Street and buying back shares. Major acquisitions, however, have been elusive.

For his part, Ives believes that there are credible reasons to believe 2016 could be a different year. He pointed to action camera maker GoPro, which he says, would be a strong acquisition target for Apple. He argues that GoPro's action cameras "are uniquely positioned at the intersection of Apple's smartphone, wearables, and multimedia offerings." He believes that GoPro, which has a market cap of $2.6 billion, could also help Apple "open the door" to other product areas, including drones and virtual reality. In those areas, he says, Apple "has been playing catch-up."

Ives also wouldn't let the idea of a Tesla buyout die. While he acknowledged that Apple acquiring Tesla would be a long-shot, he says that the iPhone maker seems committed to making electric cars, and buying up Tesla, which is currently valued at $29.6 billion, would "accelerate the move" to that market.

Of course, Ives is not alone in believing Tesla is valuable. In fact, Tesla founder and CEO Elon Musk revealed last year that he was approached by Apple for "talks." Musk, however, said that he has no interest in selling Tesla to any other company, let alone Apple. Subsequent reports have since thrown cold water on the idea that Apple would buy Tesla.

In the event Apple decides to acquire one (or more) of these companies, Ives believes the integration may be swift. He told Fortune that it's likely the acquisition targets would keep their brand names, but their core products would be integrated into Apple's own. Eventually, at least some of those products would get Apple branding.

Apple, Box, Adobe, and GoPro declined to comment on Ives' speculation. Tesla did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

For more about Apple's iPhone, check out the following Fortune video:

Sign up for Data Sheet , Fortune s daily newsletter about the business of technology. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Does Heavy-Lifting For S&P 500 Apple and other major technology companies are known for sitting on huge piles of cash, and during the third quarter, their cash stacks continued to skyrocket. Apple held $155.3 billion in cash as of the end of last year s third quarter, but that cash stockpiled climbed by almost 33% year over year to $206.1 billion. The company has raised the ire of shareholders for sitting on so much cash in the past, so will this report raise more calls for increased capital returns?

We ll have to wait a bit to find out.

Apple, IT lead the way in cash building

S&P Capital IQ s Global Markets Intelligence unit examined the S&P 500 s nine sectors, excluding Financials, to figure out which of the sectors saw their cash balances rise or increase during the third quarter. Overall, non-Financial companies saw their corporate cash balances rise to $2.06 trillion in total, an increase of less than 4% from last year s $1.98 trillion.

Director Richard Peterson reports that the Information Technology sector saw the biggest increase in cash balances and accounted for 40.7% of the non-Financial cash balances in the S&P 500 during the third quarter. At the end of the same quarter last year, non-Financials held a 38.3% share of the S&P 500 s cash balances.

Apple s massive size means that it can serve as either a massive weight or massive boost to the S&P 500 in general, and it s no different in terms of cash balances. According to S&P Capital IQ, the iPhone maker s $2.06 billion in cash is 10% of the total non-Financials cash balances in the S&P 500.

Most sectors see cash holdings rise

Apple s almost 33% year over year increase in its cash balance means that the Information Technology sector as a whole enjoyed a double digit percentage increase. The other sectors which also saw increases in the double digit percentages were Utilities and Telecommunications.

S&P Capital IQ also found that two sectors   Industrials and Energy   saw their cash balances shrink year over year. The Energy sector was hit by the continued decline in oil and gas prices, which in turn triggered a sharp profitability decline and resulted in almost a $12 billion decline in cash year over year.

The firm links the cash decline in the Industrials sector partially to General Electric s recent decision to focus more on industrial operations while dumping many of its financial operations like GE Capital. GE s total long-term and short-term investments and cash equivalents fell from $69.7 billion last year to $53.7 billion this year.

Not including the Information Technology sector, S&P Capital reports that total non-Financial cash balances in the U.S. declined slightly year over year. The firm warned that investors worried about current stock valuations and the tepid earnings growth, these movements in cash balances  may represent another cause for investor apprehension.  Here s a look at the third quarter year over year movements in corporate cash balances during the third quarter by sector:

Corporations to up their cash usage in 2016

With all the increases in corporate cash balances, especially in the IT sector, it s important to consider how corporations are using their massive cash hoards. In November, Goldman Sachs analyst David Kostin and his team predicted that companies in the S&P 500 will increase their cash usage 5% next year to $2.2 trillion.

They expect more than half (54%) will be used for investments for growth like capital expenditures, research and development, and mergers and acquisitions and 46% will be used for returning cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Spending on mergers and acquisitions is expected to decelerate dramatically to 8% after this year s 50% surge.

They noted in a report dated Nov. 6 that cash balances in the S&P 500 continue to be at historical highs at $1.5 trillion excluding the Financials sector and amounting to 11% of total assets.

Capex won t rise much

Kostin doesn t expect S&P 500 companies to spend a lot on capital expenditures next year because the Energy sector will likely hold back significantly.

Indeed, the decline in the sector s cash stockpile provides enough evidence to support this view. Overall, Goldman expects total capital expenditures in the S&P 500 to rise 1% and noted that the Energy sector typically accounts for 30% of the total.

In 2016, however, they expect Energy companies to cut their capex spending 20% after this year s 25% decline. Excluding the Energy sector, they expect capex spending to increase 6% next year.

Returning cash to shareholders

Whenever a company is sitting on huge amounts of cash, as Apple has been for a long time, shareholders start to clamor for increases in capital returns. Kostin expects S&P 500 companies to return over $1 trillion to shareholders next year, including a 7% increase each in share repurchases and dividends. The analyst believes that the high cash return strategies will outperform because of modest growth in gross domestic product, low interest rates, and  slim  returns on equities. Indeed, cash return stocks have long outperformed others:

He added that this year s macro environment will likely be similar to that of next year as corporations rewarded shareholders with high cash returns, spurning capital expenditures in the process. The IT sector has been leading the way in share repurchases for some time:

Companies with lots of cash to outperform

In another report dated Nov. 23, Kostin and his team suggested that the stocks of corporations with strong balance sheets will outperform others due to the expected interest rate increase from the U.S. Federal Reserve.

Back to Apple   it is not only about the cash   the company is literally leading the S&P 500 over the past few years. Some key highlights from Goldman:

The 350 bp margin expansion from 5.9% at the trough of the cycle in 2009 to the current level of 9.1% has been driven by Information Technology. Tech accounted for 48% of the overall S&P 500 margin expansion during the past six years. Apple alone was responsible for 18% of the market-wide margin increase and 40% of the Tech sector margin expansion (see Exhibit 32). The Technology sector now has margins that are twice the overall market.

Apple is also expected to lead  the troops  going forward   see the chart below.

Factset Research notes a similar trend. In a resent report, Factset stated: 
2015-05-10
1 Simple Reason Apple Inc. Needs to Develop Its Own Cellular Modems Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) latest gadget, the Apple Watch, piggy-backs on the connectivity provided via an iPhone in order to be completely functional. However, some competing smartwatches out there today, such as the Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy Gear S, feature on-board cellular modems.

It has been widely rumored that future iterations of the Apple Watch won't need to be paired with an iPhone to be completely functional. Cowen analyst Timothy Arcuri thinks that Apple will free the Apple Watch from iPhone-dependence with the second generation Apple Watch.

I believe that in order for Apple to do this, it will need to integrate a cellular baseband into future Apple Watch applications processors.

Why is integration necessary?

There are a couple of reasons that integration of the cellular baseband with the applications processor is important for a device like the Apple Watch. Integration means fewer discrete components on the package, which means a smaller footprint compared to a discrete solution. For a device as tiny as the Apple Watch, a smaller footprint is better.

In order to integrate, Apple needs the modem IP

Unlike many other chip building blocks, like CPU cores and graphics processors, cellular modems can't be licensed off the shelf. That is, Apple would likely find it very difficult go to one of the major modem vendors and license the modem design so that Apple can integrate it into their own home-grown chip.

This means, then, that Apple will need to develop its own cellular modems so that it can integrate them into future Apple Watch applications processors. Apple hasn't yet deployed its own cellular baseband, but there's a lot of evidence out there to suggest that Apple is working on it.

Apple Watch seems like a reasonable place to deploy an Apple-designed baseband

It is very hard to compete with market leaders such as Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) at the leading edge of the cellular baseband market. There's a good chance that it would take Apple many years and many iterations of basebands before it could conceivably displace Qualcomm from, say, iPhones.

However, for something like an Apple Watch, my guess is that the baseband technology requirements are far less demanding than for a phone. For example, the aforementioned Galaxy Gear S comes with only 3G cellular connectivity -- that's far less sophisticated than what modern high-end smartphones feature today.

If you think about it, though, this makes sense. On an iPhone, a user is likely to download fairly large apps and multimedia content; the data needs of something like an Apple Watch seem as though they will be much less intense.

To that end, I think Apple can use the Apple Watch as a place to deploy its initial baseband efforts. Once Apple builds enough confidence in its ability to put together competitive cellular solutions, it can start deploying them in more critical products such as the iPhone and the cellular variants of the iPad.

So, about that huge R&D budget...

Analysts asked Apple's executive team about the company's ongoing large increases in research and development spending. CFO Luca Maestri said that the company is "developing some core foundational technologies more in-house" than it had in the past. I wouldn't be surprised if the development of a cellular baseband were part of Apple's now much-larger research and development budget. 4 Smart Ways for Apple Inc. to Spend Its Cash Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is sitting on a massive pile of cash and investments. Cupertino's total cash reserves currently add up to $193 billion, up from $155 billion just six months ago. Balanced against just $40 billion in long-term debt, that's a net positive balance of $153 billion. That's roughly the gross domestic product of Hungary!

That reserve goes far beyond saving some cash for a rainy day.

Beyond collecting $512 million in net interest in the second quarter, most of that spare cash isn't doing Apple and its investors any good. But you didn't come here to see us complaining about Apple's stale cash piles. You wanted to hear how the company could put that money to good use right now.

So we asked a panel of Motley Fool contributors to list their favorite ideas on how Apple should spend some of that cash. Here's what they came up with. (Spoiler alert: Nobody wanted Apple to explore big-ticket acquisitions!)

Sean Williams: Higher wages.

I'd suggest the smartest move Apple can make is to boost wages for its employees across the board.

A CareerBuilder study in 2013 noted that 70% of respondents believed that higher pay would be critical to improving employee retention. This followed, per the report, a third of the respondents in the study affirming that top talent had left their business in 2012. Higher pay for Apple employees would serve to keep top talent within the company, as well as improve morale throughout the ranks -- all the way down to its Apple stores, which provide a one-on-one engagement experience between the consumer and the brand.

The last publicly announced pay raise for Apple's domestic retail workforce -- which stands 30,000 people strong across 265 stores, per Apple's latest data -- was three years ago. Over those three years, Apple has generated nearly $136 billion in free cash flow, leaving plenty of room to substantially boost wages. This way, the company can keep workers that have direct interaction with Apple's loyal and new customers excited about the brand.

Higher wages could also be instrumental in ensuring that top design talent doesn't leave the company. Although talent leaves for a variety of reasons (i.e., it's not just about the money), iOS designer Greg Christie left last year after nearly 20 years with the company, and former VP of Retail Jerry McDougal resigned in 2013.

Though this is just a snippet of what's going on behind the scenes at Apple, higher wages would encourage the cogs that have driven Apple's iOS and platform success to remain in place. Hopefully this would lead to continued growth in Apple's bottom line and cash flow.

Andres Cardenal: Buybacks.

Apple is not only sitting on a gigantic cash hoard on its balance sheet, but the business also generates tons of money on a recurrent basis. So Apple has enormous financial firepower to reward shareholders with dividends and buybacks.

Operating cash flow during the six-month period ended on March 28 was $52.8 billion, a 46% increase versus the same period in the prior year. Capital expenditures absorbed only $5.6 billion of that money, so free cash flow in the first two quarters of fiscal 2015 was $47.2 billion, a 44% year-over-year increase.

Apple recently announced an 11% dividend increase for 2015, and management got authorization from the board to increase the stock buyback program from $90 billion to $140 billion, while extending it through March 2017. Including both dividends and buybacks, the size of Apple's capital return program increased more than 50%, from approximately $130 billion to $200 billion.

The company is putting buybacks above dividends when it comes to returning cash to shareholders, and this is the smart thing to do, considering that the stock is attractively valued. Apple stock trades for around 14 times projected earnings for the current fiscal year. That's a discount versus the average valuation for companies in the S&P 500 index, which is roughly 18 times forward earnings.

At these prices, repurchasing stock looks like a great use for Apple's massive cash resources.

Anders Bylund: More R&D.

In the technology sector, innovation is the very lifeblood of lasting success. Apple could dip far deeper into that life-giving well, and it's really the only way to stay relevant for decades to come.

Don't get me wrong -- Apple certainly spends big money on R&D. In the recently reported second quarter, that budget rose 34% year over year to land at $1.9 billion. The company deserves kudos for growing this crucial line, and at a faster pace than revenue.

But I'm still not impressed, because Apple could do so much more.

Those R&D dollars amount to just 3.3% of Apple's net sales. Did you know that Microsoft spends nearly 13% of its revenue on fresh product development?

Even better, Google keeps that innovation metric at a lofty 15%. So does Tesla Motors. Google and Tesla aren't looking for short-term profits -- they want to change the world. If that means sending people to Mars by 2030, halting human aging, or putting your steering wheel in computerized hands, then so be it. They've got the assets to invest, and ambitions to match. Apple is missing one of those elements, and for no good reason.

In its quarterly SEC filings, Apple says that its R&D strategy is all about restraint. "Focused investments in R&D are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace and are directly related to timely development of new and enhanced products that are central to the Company's core business strategy," according to the company's most recent 10-Q filing.

Fair enough, and Apple wrings plenty of success out of this formula nowadays. But how long will it last?

This restrained approach saddles Apple with a limited product portfolio that won't stand up to the next dramatic market shift. Cupertino could move beyond handsome electronics to become a hotbed of game-changing innovation. Triple that R&D budget, and Tim Cook would still have plenty of cash left over to explore other asset management ideas.

Tim Beyers: Expand retail stores.

Apple had 453 retail locations worldwide as of March 28. While that's up from 423 stores in last year's spring quarter, it's a relatively tiny network for such a large operation. Retail accounted for $5.2 billion in revenue in last year's second quarter, or $29.1 million in average revenue per store.

Apple didn't report that metric in this year's fiscal Q2 filing with the SEC, but it seems fair to conclude the number hasn't declined much -- if at all.

And if it has, the fault may lie as much with how the stores utilize space as anything else. Apple is notorious for creating wide aisles, open displays, and allowing plenty of room for Genius Bars to care for customers with support questions.

But there's no rule that says Apple has to keep doing retail the way it always has. The company that "thinks differently" could reinvent its space to include more formal business training and support to cater to the growing number of small and medium-sized businesses that now run on Macs, iPhones, and iPads. Local merchants might respond to the beefier services by signing rich, long-term contracts, boosting Apple's retail revenue.

With $33 billion in cash and short-term securities, Apple needs something to invest in. Adding new stores offering expanded services is as good an option as any, and may offer the best shot at meaningful long-term returns.  Apple, Inc.'s iPhone Makes Smartphone Share Gain in Key Markets Shortly after Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reported its best second quarter ever, comScore noted Apple's smartphone market share lead in the U.S. has increased further. And another report released this week by Kantar Worldpanel ComTech shows increasing market share for iPhones in Europe and China, too. The tech giant's ability to maintain strong market share, despite its devices' premium price points, continually demonstrates Apple's durability in the market.

Market share gains

In the U.S., first-place Apple increased its share of smartphone subscribers from 41.6% in December, 2014 to 42.6% in March, 2015, according to new data from comScore. Second-place Samsung's share of smartphone subscribers fell 1.4 percentage points during the same period, to 28.3%. comScore's smartphone share data is based on three-month average smartphone subscribers, with the period ending March, 2015 in its most recent study.

Basing its data on operating systems instead of smartphone brands, and using total quarterly unit sales instead of average smartphone subscribers, Kantar data shows significant gains for iPhones in China and Europe. Apple's share of first-quarter smartphone sales in China jumped to 26.1% in Q1 from 17.9% in the year-ago quarter. In Europe, Apple smartphone share rose 1.8 percentage points compared to the year-ago quarter. During the same period, Google's Android share of quarterly smartphone sales fell 3.1 percentage points.

iPhone: A smashing success

Apple is riding the success of its new flagship iPhone lineup, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, as well as the strength of its older iPhone models, which Apple sells at lower prices.

The huge success of Apple's new iPhone was clear in the Cupertino-based company's first- and second-quarter results. In Q1 and Q2, iPhone unit sales were up 46% and 40%, respectively, from the year-ago quarter. iPhone revenue was up 57% and 55% during the same period.

In Europe, Kantar points to a high rate of Android switchers.

"On average, across Europe's big five countries during the first quarter, 32.4% of Apple's new customers switched to iOS from Android," reported Kantar Chief of Research Carolina Milanesi.

In China, where iPhone unit sales volume now surpasses the U.S. market, according to Kantar, the company is benefiting from expanding reach to less affluent buyers.

"In 1Q15, Apple represented 25% of smartphone sales in urban China's 2,000 to 4,000 RMBs [or $322 to $644] income bracket -- a 10.1 percentage point increase from the same period in 2014," read the Kantar report.

With Apple decreasing the price of its iPhone models by $100 every subsequent year of their availability, the company's current offering of lower-priced iPhone models are far better than those offered in the past. Today, Apple's iPhone lineup available for purchase in China, from least expensive to most expensive, consists of the iPhone 5c, iPhone 5s, iPhone 6, and iPhone 6 Plus (notably, all the iPhone models compatible with Apple Watch). Though with the cheapest iPhone in China priced at 3,288 RMB, or $530, the phone still isn't cheap by any means.

Apple's total revenue in Greater China, a market segment including China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan, reached $9.3 billion in Q2, just short of Apple's Europe revenue of $10.2 billion.

Apple's iPhone sales now account for a record 69.4% of the company's revenue in Q2, up from 57.1% in the year-ago quarter. 
2015-09-05
Apple: Don't Overlook The Tablet Potential  Moto 360 2 Vs Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch, Who Wins? The first Moto 360 managed to become one of the most popular Android smartwatches last year even after the release of the Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch, which sold quite well during the first few weeks but then faded as time went on. There is a new Moto 360 coming soon, so it is time to compare it to the Apple Watch.

Rectangular Vs Circular

The new Moto 360 is going to come in different sizes. Two sizes for men, one for women and a sports model, which will be released sometime next year. The two models coming for men measure 42 and 46 mm and the one for women measures 42 mm. As most of us know by now, the device is round. As for the colors, the company will offer just a few, silver, gold, rose gold, and black. The straps will be different for each model but they will be easier to switch this time around. The company will offer leather and stainless steel after the release. The new device has an IP67 rating, which means it is protected from dust and can be immersed between 15 cm and 1 m for 30 minutes.

Now the Apple Watch, which looks a little different from the Moto 360 because it is rectangular, comes in two sizes. The 38 mm version is for women and the 42 mm is for men. The device comes in space gray, silver, black, gold and rose gold. Apple used different materials for each device. The Apple Watch Sport is done with anodized aluminum while the other versions are made from stainless steel. The one with the huge price tag, comes in solid gold. Apple gives its customers a lot of options with different straps. Both of the devices cannot be used for swimming.

The Apple Watch can only be used with iOS devices while the Moto 360 2 runs Android Wear and can be used with Android and iOS.

Screen

The Moto 360 2 will come with an LCD screen and its bigger model will feature a 1.56 inch version, with a resolution of 360 x 330 pixels. The smaller model has a 1.37 inch version with a resolution of 360 x 325 pixels. There is some bad news though, the black bar at the bottom is making a come back.

Its rival, the Apple Watch, has an OLED display and its smallest model comes with a 1.32 inch version with a resolution of 272 x 340 pixels. Its biggest one is 1.5 inches and has a resolution of 312 x 390.

Specs

Moto 360 2: 4GB of internal storage and 512MB RAM.

Apple Watch: 8GB of storage, S1 processor, Bluetooth 4.0 and 802.11b/g/n 2.4GHz Wi-Fi.

Price Tag

The Moto 360 2 starts at $299.99 and ends at $429.99. The Apple Watch costs $350 but the solid gold model goes for thousands of dollars more.



 
2015-06-20
Apple Inc. Will Likely Blow Past 50 Million iPhone Sales This Quarter In the past month or so, a horde of Wall Street analysts have raised their estimates for how many iPhones Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will ship this quarter. Most of these revisions have pushed their sales estimates to 50 million or more units for the quarter ending in June.

The most surprising thing here is that so many analysts expected fewer than 50 million iPhone shipments in the first place. Here's why Apple shouldn't have any trouble exceeding this psychologically significant milestone.

50 million is a lot

To be sure, 50 million is a big number. Last year, Apple only sold 35.2 million iPhones in the corresponding quarter, so it would need 42% year-over-year unit growth to reach 50 million this quarter. Indeed, until the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus arrived last fall, Apple had only once exceeded 50 million quarterly iPhone shipments, and that was during the peak holiday quarter.

Yet Apple has been posting huge iPhone shipment numbers recently. In the quarter ended in December -- the first of its 2015 fiscal year -- Apple shipped 74.5 million iPhones -- up 46% year over year. Last quarter, year-over-year unit growth slowed a bit to 40%, as Apple shipped 61.2 million iPhones.

The slight slowdown in growth might make investors think another slowdown in year-over-year growth is likely in the current quarter. However, three factors could bolster iPhone shipment growth this quarter.

Different point in the cycle

The top reason year-over-year iPhone growth could re-accelerate this quarter involves the dynamic of the device's sales cycle.

Last spring and summer, iPhone sales growth was held back by the large number of customers waiting for the larger-screen iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. This drove a 19.5% sequential drop in iPhone shipments from the second quarter to third quarter in fiscal 2014.

By contrast, while the next-generation iPhone will undoubtedly offer some improvements over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, there won't be a massive change like last year. Customers thus have less cause to hold off on buying a new iPhone. That could make this year's seasonal pattern look more like 2013's seasonality.

In that year, iPhone shipments declined 16.5% sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter. If that trend repeats, Apple would ship 51 million iPhones this quarter.

Tighter channel inventory

A second factor that might support iPhone shipments this quarter is channel inventory growth. Apple typically reduces its channel inventory during the quarter ended in June as sales tend to fall off during the summer before the launch of new iPhone models. In the third quarter of fiscal 2014, it reduced channel inventory by about 150,000 units.

However, strong demand for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus meant that Apple couldn't fully meet demand in the holiday quarter. Furthermore, Apple decided last year to increase its iPhone channel inventory target to five to seven weeks of supply (up from four to six weeks of supply previously). At the end of last quarter, Apple was still near the low end of that target range.

Between the relatively low channel inventory level at the end of last quarter and the continuing demand for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple might expand channel inventory this quarter, bucking traditional seasonality. That would bolster shipment levels.

The Apple Watch is in stores

Finally, the Apple Watch arrived for purchase in stores this week. This development could bolster iPhone sales in two ways.

First, the availability of the Watch for purchase could lure more people into Apple Stores. This will give Apple Store salespeople an opportunity to promote the new iPhones to visitors who haven't upgraded yet.

Second, there could be a fair number of people interested in the Apple Watch who either have an Android phone or an older iPhone. Only the iPhone 5 and newer iPhones are compatible with the Watch. That might create an opportunity for some Watch-plus-iPhone bundle sales.

Looking good so far

Apple has posted phenomenal iPhone sales growth since the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus became available last fall. The new iPhones accounted for about 20% of all iPhone usage by late December, according to mobile marketing specialist Fiksu.

The two new iPhone models expanded their usage share to about 30% by the end of the second quarter, and they are on pace to end the third quarter with a usage share of about 39%. This suggests the sales pace has only slowed modestly from last quarter's pace. As a result, Apple seems likely to ship more than 50 million iPhones this quarter. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised to see a shipment total as high as 55 million. 
2015-06-19
Analog Devices Inc. Reportedly Wins a Design Inside the Next Apple Inc. iPhone According to Barron's, Citigroup analyst Chris Danely said chipmaker Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI) has "likely won a slot in Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next iPhone." This win could positively impact Analog Devices' revenue and profit in 2016, according to the report.

Let's take a closer look at what Danely had to say.

What's this design win worth?

Danely said this win could be worth $160 million in revenue to Analog Devices in 2016, adding about 4% to the company's expected top line for the year. The analyst estimated the deal's operating margin at 23.5%, lower than the 32.4% company-wide operating profit margin he expects for the full year.

To explain his relatively low margin expectation for the deal, Danely said margins from "high volume consumer products and large customers such as Apple" are generally lower than "high-performance analog products for industrial applications."

At any rate, the deal is still expected to be accretive to both revenue and earnings. Concordant with that view, Danely raised his 2016 earnings-per-share estimate for Analog by about 2.7%, from $2.98 to $3.06.

A "low-quality" win?

Danely noted that although the iPhone win should "boost revenue and [earnings per share] in a meaningful and material way" for Analog, that Citi has "a lot of concern on the long-term quality" of this new revenue.

"Apple is notorious for giving and taking away large design wins," Danely wrote in his research note. He added that Analog Devices has previously had "large design wins" with Apple that "ended abruptly." Those design-outs eventually led to "downside to Consensus estimates and the stock selling off," he noted.

This isn't the first time we've heard of this win, though

Analog Devices is up "just" 1.44% following the publication of this research note as of this writing. The Nasdaq index is up 1.35% and the iShares PHLX Semiconductor ETF is up 1.5%, meaning Analog Devices shares aren't outperforming the relevant indices due to this news.

This is likely because the Apple win for future iPhones -- and possibly also iPads -- was already reported by analysts at Barclays (via MarketWatch) back in March. Analog Devices shares rallied by about 10% following that initial report.

Additionally, at that time the Barclays analyst claimed that the wins at Apple for "high accuracy" analog-to-digital converters inside next-generation iPhones and iPads to enable Force Touch would add "at least" $0.80 to the company's 2016 earnings per share.

It's not surprising, then, that a separate confirmation of news that is already "known" wouldn't move the stock much, if at all.

Investment takeaway

It seems as though Analog Devices has won a spot inside the next-generation iPhone. I'd argue that winning this spot is good, although the company will have to continue to deliver best-in-class products at a price Apple is willing to pay in order to avoid losing the spot in future iPhone and iPads.

That being said, almost every chip supplier is "vulnerable" to second sourcing and/or potential design win losses. Although Danely might be right to be cautious in light of Apple's history of swapping out suppliers, I'd say this situation is almost par for the course for component vendors.

The key lesson for investors is to try to pick component vendors that offer technologies with high switching costs and a track record of delivering competitive products. Apple: What Is The Future Of The Mac?  Apple's Due With Number Two! Rumored To Be Working On Another Watch, Coming 2016 The website 9to5mac.com recently published a piece that revealed that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) might already be planning the second version of its Apple Watch and may launch it in 2016. The article mentioned that Apple plans to includes a FaceTime camera in the watch and keep the battery life nearly the same.

Roger Cheng, executive editor at CNET, was on CNBC to weigh in on this.

The Camera

"These features aren t that surprising, Cheng began. "I mean, the fact that Apple wants to add a FaceTime camera to the next version of the watch is a good logical step. They are already supporting FaceTime audio calls for the existing watch, or they will at the end of this year. So, adding a camera is like a logical step now."

He continued, "Whether or not people actually want a camera is another question. It s interesting to know that Samsung   when they first launched their smartwatch   included the camera that no one used and now you don t see a camera in it anymore."

Related Link: Should Apple Or Google Buy Twitter

Waiting For The Second Version

Cheng was asked if Apple is actually planning to add those features to the second version of the Apple Watch, will it hold off people from buying the current version. He replied, "Yeah, I think for a lot of people they are holding off on that second version."

Battery Life

On other issues that Apple must resolve in the second version of the Apple Watch, Cheng said, "Definitely battery life is a big one. That was one thing about that report that said that Apple, they were happy with the response for battery life. I don t know if people actually want to charge their watch every night though."

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: 9TO5Mac 9to5mac.com Apple Watch CNET FaceTimeCNBC Tech Media

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-12-19
Will Apple, Inc. Raise Its Dividend in 2016? Ever since reinstating its dividend in 2012, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has consistently boosted its dividend and overall capital return program each year. For the most part, Apple has aggressively focused on allocating the majority of its capital returns to share repurchases, although it appreciates that income investors will demand some increases in yield at the same time.

Most recently, Apple expanded its capital return program to a whopping $200 billion in April, following its typical timeline of annual updates every March or April. In chronological order, Apple's annual dividend increases since 2012 have been 15%, 8%, and 11%. The most recent dividend increase was in May 2015, bringing the quarterly payout to $0.52 per share. At current prices, that represents an annual yield of approximately 1.85%.

There should be little doubt that Apple will indeed raise its dividend again in 2016. After all, with nearly $150 billion in net cash on the balance sheet, Apple can clearly afford it and it has made capital returns an important financial priority. The question is by how much.

In addition to all that cash on hand, Apple continues to be incredibly profitable and enjoys healthy cash flow. The Mac maker's payout ratio of dividends compared to earnings per share was a modest 27% last quarter, which is about in the middle of the range that it fluctuates within.

On average, analysts expect Apple to generate $10.73 in earnings per share next year. If the company decides to pay out 25% of that, then that would translate into a quarterly payout of $0.67 per share. That would represent a 29% increase over the current quarterly payout, which is probably a little too much of an increase to expect.

The arguably more important question is how much Apple may or may not raise its share repurchase authorization. I'm a huge fan of Apple's repurchase program because its sheer size guarantees that it will be meaningfully accretive to investors, which it has been thus far. Apple's current share repurchase authorization is $140 billion, after the Mac maker added $50 billion in authorization to it earlier this year. Through the end of September, Apple had repurchased a cumulative total of $103 billion in stock.

By the time that Apple is ready to update its capital return program (March or April), another two fiscal quarters will have passed. At that point, it's quite likely that Apple will be approaching its $140 billion authorization limit (Apple normally repurchases $5 billion to $10 billion per quarter) and will need to boost the authorization again. 
2015-07-20
Apple, Inc. Stock: What Is It Really Worth? Heading into its second-quarter earnings report and up 35% in the past twelve months, it's a great time to take a step back and think about what the value of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock really is. Sure, we know what shares are trading at today, but what's the intrinsic value of the stock? What should shares be trading at? Having a better idea of what Apple's business is actually worth on a per share basis can help investors face earnings on Tuesday more objectively and less emotionally.

Valuing Apple stock

The value of any business is ultimately determined by the discounted value of its future cash flows. But predicting a ballpark estimate for future cash flows, of course, isn't easy. In fact, for some businesses, it's downright impossible. This is the very reason investors should stay away from companies that don't have a strong underlying business that is somewhat predictable. If you can't imagine a likely future for a company, then it becomes difficult to know whether or not the company is even worth buying. How can you value an asset if you have no idea where it's headed?

Fortunately, Apple's history of loyal customers and pricing power, both which serve as the evidence it has competitive advantages over its peers, suggest Apple's historical cash flows could be somewhat indicative of future cash flows, making it possible to at least get an estimate of what the stock could actually be worth.

The first step in valuing Apple stock by discounting its future cash flows is estimating a likely outlook for the company's future free cash flow.

What could the growth for Apple's free cash flow look like in the future? During the past three years, Apple's free cash flow has grown at an annualized rate close to 20%. Given Apple's sheer size today, however, expecting this same sort of growth, going forward, is probably too optimistic. On the other hand, it would probably also be a mistake to expect Apple to no longer be able to grow its free cash flow just because it's already raking in a mind-boggling $64.3 billion in free cash flow a year. Apple has clearly demonstrated a consistent ability to retain its loyal customer base, attract new customers, and protect pricing power. With all this in mind, a reasonable projection of Apple's free cash flow growth in the coming years could look like this: 5% growth next year, followed by growth rates which decelerate by about 5% annually, reaching an annualized rate near 3% in year 10 -- about in line with the historical rate of inflation. Beyond year 10 and in perpetuity, it seems conservative to estimate Apple can keep its free cash flow levels up with the historical rate of inflation.

With a projection for Apple's future free cash flow, it's now possible to find a value for Apple stock by discounting these future cash flows on a per share basis.

Discounting these future cash flows at a rate of 10% suggests the present value of these future cash flows is $178 per share. Discounting these cash flows by a more conservative discount rate of 11% provides a value for Apple stock of $156.

Leaving room for error

But given the risk in any forward-looking analysis, investors should leave room for error in their assumptions. Famed investor Warren Buffett has referred to this idea as requiring a "margin of safety." To ensure there is a margin of safety, investors should only consider buying a stock when it is trading at a discount to what they believe the intrinsic value of the stock is.

Apple's share price at the time of this writing of $128.50, the stock is trading at a 28% margin of safety to the fair value of the stock when using a 10% discount rate for calculating the present value of future cash flows. Using the more conservative discount rate of 11%, the stock is trading with a still meaningful 18% margin of safety.

While a simple valuation like this should never be relied on as the sole answer of whether or not to buy, sell, or hold a stock, this exercise at least shows it's unlikely Apple stock is overvalued. So, despite the stock's run-up in the past few years, investors may want to think carefully before they consider selling the stock before or after earnings -- no matter what the stock does before or after the report. How Much Stock Did Apple Inc. Repurchase Last Quarter? With Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) set to report earnings next week, most investors will be looking for the headline items like iPhone units or net income. Not me. I like to keep a close eye on the Mac maker's capital return program. Specifically, the share repurchase portion of the program has been instrumental in driving Apple's EPS growth in recent years.

For example, net income rose 33% last quarter, but diluted EPS soared 40% since Apple has bought back $30 billion in shares over the past year. This is why I'm particularly interested to see how much the company repurchased last quarter.

There's more where that came from

Last quarter, Apple conducted $7 billion in open-market repurchases, which brought its cumulative total thus far to $80 billion. That was getting a little too close for comfort relative to the $90 billion total authorization -- so Apple boosted its share repurchase authorization to an incredible $140 billion. While the move is primarily an ongoing vote of confidence that Apple's business is as strong as ever, it could also potentially imply that Apple could be interested in repurchasing over $10 billion in shares this quarter.

Apple may not necessarily feel pressure to repurchase a large amount this quarter since the $140 billion authorization is good through March 2017, but that's never stopped it before. Besides, Apple has increased its capital return program every year without fail.

From time to time, Apple has utilized accelerated-share repurchase programs when it wants to buy back a particularly large sum of shares. To date, it has done four of these ASR programs, but three of them were notably large.

The last ASR was initiated in Q3 2014, and Apple has been using ASRs every two to three quarters. This is just more evidence to suggest that another ASR could be in the works. While Apple has usually timed these ASRs to coincide with market dips, the company seems to have no fears even when shares flirt with all-time highs.

More debt isn't always a bad thing

Apple is also seemingly making an annual habit out of tapping the debt markets to fund these capital returns. Following the last earnings release, Apple has conducted not one, but two bond offerings. In May, Apple issued another $8 billion in bonds. Like its prior offerings, this one consisted of both floating-rate and fixed-rate notes of varying maturities. And then in June, Apple issued its first-ever yen-denominated bonds in order to take advantage of extremely low rates abroad (these notes carry a fixed rate of 0.35% and are due in 2020). That offering added another $2 billion to its iCoffers.

At the end of March, Apple had "just" $22.2 billion in domestic cash, which is close to the low end of its comfort zone ($18.1 billion is as low as its domestic reserves have gotten in recent memory), so raising capital through debt offerings makes sense. Apple also sold some Swiss franc-denominated bonds in February. It's worth pointing out that ASRs have often followed major bond offerings shortly thereafter.

Investors won't have to wait long to find out how much Apple repurchased last quarter, but I'm sure it'll be a lot. Dividends and Buybacks: Why Apple Inc.'s Strategy Works for Investors Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is the largest publicly traded company in the world, with a market cap of more than $720 billion dollars. It had more than $190 billion in cash and equivalents on its balance sheet last quarter, and that number will almost certainly be greater when it reports earnings later this week.

Apple's free cash flow, or FCF, continues to grow faster than its dividend payments and funds used for share repurchases combined. What the company should do with this excess cash has long been a point of contention among Apple investors.

A dividend was reinstituted in August 2012, and has been raised every year since. The Board has authorized an expansion to the company's buyback program where, according to an Apple press release, it "plans to utilize a cumulative total of $200 billion of cash by the end of March 2017."

Capital allocation is one of the most important jobs for a CEO and management team, and perhaps the most important for a company of Apple's size and financial strength. Understanding how dividends and buybacks play off each other is important to understanding Apple's future success.

The all-growth years

When a company feels that it can achieve superior returns by reinvesting earnings into the business, it should do so. From 2009-2012, Apple was achieving EPS growth from a low of 59.50% to a high of 82.71% year over year. When it can achieve internal returns like this, it almost certainly outstrips the returns that could be achieved had the cash been returned to shareholders for them to deploy on their own.

By reinvesting earnings successfully into the business, a company gives its shareholders a tax-deferred path to a greater earnings claim in the future. During these years, reinvesting everything back into the business was the right move for Apple.

The buyback and dividend hybrid years

Apple began paying a small (in yield terms) dividend in 2012. Its cash hoard became so large that it could reinvest into every internal project that it wanted to, and make any strategic acquisition necessary -- and still have an abundance of excess cash. At this point, it made sense to begin to deploy some of this excess cash that was now returning close to 0% to shareholders to let them do with it as they pleased.

Apple also began a share buyback plan, which has now, as previously mentioned, reached an authorization level of $200 billion. When a company buys back its own stock, it's essentially acting as an investor in its own company. The goal is to buy the stock when you think it's being undervalued by the market. When a company buys back stock, it usually "retires" it so that all existing shareholders automatically now control a larger percentage of the overall pie.

Imagine four friends who own a pizzeria together in equal shares. Three of them have decided to stay in for the long haul, and have put a fair value on the whole operation at $1 million, but one is getting skittish and wants to leave. If the three friends buy the fourth one out, the remaining three will each own a third of the business.

If the fourth friend tries to sell his piece for $300,000, the others should hold out, as this would value the whole pizzeria at $1.2 million, which is above their fair-value estimate. When he comes back with a counter offer for $200,000, the friends should jump on it, as they are each buying more of the company for a discount to their estimated fair value. The scale is immensely different in a publicly traded company -- especially one the size of Apple -- but the underlying logic is the same.

Apple has reduced its share count from more than 6.6 billion in 2012 to 5.93 billion on a TTM basis. As long as management purchased these shares for less than their intrinsic value -- and I'm a firm believer that they have -- they have increased the value of each remaining shareholder's portion of the company.

The future years

Apple should continue to aggressively buy back shares while the stock price is undervalued. Doing so provides two major benefits. It boosts the earnings per share, because the total earnings of the company are being spread among a smaller number of shares. It also has the less-talked-about benefit of retiring shares that will have to pay dividends in the future.

For example, say that a company trades for $100 per share and pays out $0.50 per quarter in dividend payments. Every share retired increases every other shareholder's piece of the pie, and reduces the dividends needed to be paid out for the following year by $2.00.

As Apple continues to buy back shares aggressively, I suspect that, at some point in the future, management will decide that the market is fairly valuing the company. When this happens, there will be a capital allocation shift from mostly buybacks to mostly dividends.

Let's go back now to the previous example where the company saves $2.00 in dividend payments in the first year. What happens when the payout spikes to $0.55 per quarter next year, and $0.61 per quarter the year after that, and so on? The savings from retiring that share multiply -- $2.00, then $2.20, then $2.44, and on and on.

Now imagine this on the scale of Apple, and how it has already reduced its net outstanding shares by almost 700 million -- with more reductions on the way. This is great for EPS growth now, but even better when Apple becomes a mature dividend payer in the future. The more shares that are retired now, the more concentrated (and large) the dividend payments can be in the future.

Many ways to win

I think Apple has plenty of capital appreciation left in it, but also has the potential to be a wonderful dividend stock for many years to come. Management and the Board have done a great job allocating capital so far, and I expect this to continue. Apple Inc.'s Next Product Is ... A New iPod? You might have forgotten that iPods still exist, but Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) just updated its entire iPod Touch line with the same hardware as the iPhone 6.

This means that its A5 chip has been upgraded to an A8, and its 5-megapixel camera has been replaced with an 8-megapixel one. Its front-facing FaceTime HD camera retains the same resolution, but gains new features like slow motion, burst mode, and improved face detection.

Apple claims the new iPod Touch offers 10-times faster graphics performance, three-times faster Wi-Fi connectivity, and better fitness tracking capabilities than its predecessor. The entire lineup will also come in a wider variety of colors, including blue, pink, gold, silver, and space gray. The low-end 16GB version will cost $199, while a top-tier 128GB version will cost $400.

Let's take a look at the history of the iPod, why it still matters to Apple, and the important legacy that it's leaving behind.

The rise and fall of Apple's iPod

When Apple launched the original iPod in 2001, it crushed the competition for three reasons: it stored thousands of songs, had a large screen, and it had an intuitive click-wheel interface. At the time, MP3 players were mostly clunky flash-storage devices that had limited storage and awkward interfaces. Apple also streamlined the process of downloading and organizing music collections with iTunes.

In 2004, Apple diversified the iPod family with the smaller iPod Mini. The following year, it added the iPod Shuffle and the iPod Nano, which were even smaller. Shortly after unveiling the first iPhone, Apple launched the iPod Touch, which Steve Jobs dubbed "training wheels for the iPhone."

Thanks to the wide variety of iPods on the market, iPod sales kept climbing until they peaked in the first quarter of Apple's 2009 fiscal year, when Apple sold 22.7 million iPods, compared to 4.4 million iPhones.

Sales gradually declined over the following years, due to the soaring popularity of smartphones. Apple stopped reporting iPod sales after the fourth quarter of 2014, when it shipped just 2.6 million iPods, compared to 39.3 million iPhones and 12.3 million iPads. Today, the iPod is lumped together in the "other products" category with everything that isn't an iPhone, iPad, or Mac.

Why bother updating the iPod?

Today, iPods serve specific niche markets that aren't fully covered by smartphones. The iPod Shuffle still serves fitness enthusiasts who don't want to carry a smartphone while working out. The Nano, which is only slightly larger, offers those same users a screen for better control. The iPod Touch is for customers who want an iPhone-like experience without buying a full-price iPhone.

These products are all basically "gateway" devices that tether more users to Apple's closed ecosystem. Jason Cipriani at Fortune speculates that Apple updated the iPod Touch for children, calling it "a gateway drug for the next generation" that pushes first-time users to "graduate to the next device" -- the iPhone. The new iPod Touch also comes with iOS 8.4 installed, which will let users access the new Apple Music service.

That's one of Apple's core strategies -- to lock users into its ecosystem with digital purchases that can only be accessed on other Apple devices. That's a core advantage that Android handset manufacturers lack, since Google Play purchases can be retained across devices from different manufacturers.

How the iPod's legacy defines Apple

When Steve Jobs introduced the iPod, he set a high standard for future Apple products. Apple didn't invent the MP3 player, but it addressed the flaws with competing devices and made it appealing to mainstream consumers.

Jobs didn't invent the smartphone either. But he transformed it from an intimidating enterprise product with a keyboard into a touchscreen device that could be used by everyone. The same can be said about iPads, which transformed tablets from niche devices for digital artists into casual replacements for laptops.

Under Tim Cook, Apple arguably hasn't demonstrated that same talent for innovation. The Apple Watch, Apple's first new device without Jobs, isn't a revolutionary device like the iPod, iPhone, or iPad -- it's merely comparable to other high-end smartwatches on the market.

The road ahead

Looking ahead, Apple is now relying heavily on snob appeal to offset its lack of big innovations. That's why it's now selling luxury versions of the Apple Watch that cost over $10,000. This tactic might work for a while, but at some point in the future, Apple needs to start leapfrogging over the competition again with products like the iPod. Apple Hires Auto Industry Veterans Apple Inc. is recruiting experts from the auto industry, a signal that its efforts to develop an electric car could be gaining ground. WSJ s Lee Hawkins discusses the new hires. Photo: FCA

Apple Inc. is recruiting experts from the auto industry, a signal that its efforts to develop an electric car could be gaining ground.

Doug Betts, who led global quality at Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV until last year, is now working for the Cupertino, Calif.-based electronics giant but declined to comment on the position when reached Monday. Mr. Betts  LinkedIn profile says he joined Apple in July and describes his title as... Apple Said to Lease Office Space in Seattle Tower Apple Inc. agreed to lease almost two floors of a downtown Seattle office skyscraper, joining other Silicon Valley companies expanding in the area, said two people with knowledge of the matter.

Apple would occupy the 44th floor and half the 45th at Two Union Square, a 56-story tower that s Seattle s third-tallest, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the lease details are private. The space totals about 30,000 square feet (2,800 square meters), or enough for 120 to 200 employees based on standard corporate leasing ratios.

Colin Johnson, a spokesman for Cupertino, California-based Apple, declined to comment on the lease.

The Seattle area s talent pool and lower cost of living compared with the San Francisco Bay area has attracted many Silicon Valley companies. Facebook Inc. and Google Inc. are among the firms with outposts in the region, and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd., which last year began renting space in downtown Seattle, is in talks for an office in nearby Bellevue.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Apple is making a bigger push into cloud-computing services to compete with companies including Seattle-based Amazon.com Inc., Google and Microsoft Corp. Apple opened its first engineering office in Seattle last year, built around a group of employees working on network infrastructure, the Seattle Times reported in November. They had worked at Union Bay Networks, a cloud-computing startup near Google s Seattle office in the Fremont neighborhood.

Apple has added more than 9,000 employees in the past year, bringing its worldwide headcount to about 115,000. The company currently is building a new corporate campus in Cupertino. Apple Inc. (AAPL): Bear Trap Trigger Puts Price On Path To All Time Highs Corey Rosenbloom: After springing a Bear Trap, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) shares pivoted and trapped the short-sellers, placing price on a pathway straight up toward all-time highs.

Let s update our Apple analysis, pinpoint the Trap Lesson, and plot what levels are most important now.

Here s the Daily Chart Trap and Outcome:

For our prior update on Apple, see the post  Apple Breaking Down   New Level Planning. 

I wanted to update you on the trigger break, potential for a trap, and what to watch early in July.

Note the Daily Chart  Price Pathways  (color highlights) and target down toward the rising 200 day SMA in the prior post.

I wrote this:

 Ultimately, buyers can once again find value here and  bounce  the stock up away from this level for a fourth time, creating an aggressive buy opportunity (with a tight stop). 

What looked like a genuine sell-short opportunity (breaking under $122 and $121.50 as mentioned) was successful ONLY toward the $119 level which was actually just above the rising 200 day SMA.

Given that price broke down, triggered a short-sell signal, and then instantly reversed ahead of the likely target, we have a BEAR TRAP outcome.

Bear Traps tend to produce explosive movements in the opposite direction as traders are trapped and forced to liquidate positions that are losing money rapidly.

In this case, both short-sellers capitulated on the return ABOVE the $122 breakdown level, triggering an aggressive buy signal with a price pathway toward the prior high.

We can t predict in advance when buyers will spring a Bear Trap (or sellers spring a Bull Trap), but we as traders can adapt in two important ways:

Exit Positions that we put on after a trap (meaning   plan and take stops when triggered  don t hold on) Enter NEW Positions on a Trap Outcome

Know what a Trap is, know what likely happens AFTER a Trap occurs, and adjust accordingly.

It s a spot to limit losses immediately, because small losses can become huge losses if we fight the price and hold on to a trap outcome.

By the same token, we can enter a new aggressive position on the trap outcome, reaping instant profits on the  bigger movement in the opposite direction  as one side of the market is thrown rapidly off balance.

Nevertheless, Apple gives one of many real-world examples of the importance of planning   without bias   and reacting (as soon as possible) to unexpected outcomes like traps.

Here s the Weekly Chart to provide prospective and remind us of the powerful uptrend in place:

Despite small divergences   all of which have produced small pullbacks (retracements) to the rising 20 week EMA   Apple shares continue to trend powerfully higher.

The recent Trap scenario set in motion another aggressive buy opportunity on a path to new highs.

At this point, we re monitoring the prior highs above the $132.00 per share level.

We look to prior retracements   drawn above   for the potential for extended highs in price yet to come.

That s the basis of any bullish breakout and pro-trend strategies in Apple.

One final thought   bears/sellers had their chance to push price lower  and they failed.

At this time, bears are becoming bulls via the rapid triggering of their stop-losses at the same time bulls are becoming more aggressive.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Corey Rosenbloom from Afraid to Trade. 
2015-08-17
3 Apple Inc. Suppliers That Have Benefitted From the iPhone 6 Launch The iPhone 6 cycle has been extremely kind to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) as the larger-screened devices have helped propel sales of the company's iPhone product line to new heights. This has driven substantial revenue and profit growth to the company, an impressive feat given how large Apple's business already was prior to the iPhone 6/6 Plus launches.

Although Apple is known for its aggressive supplier negotiation tactics, there are Apple suppliers that have benefited nicely from the iPhone 6 launch. Here are three of them.

No. 1: TSMC

Prior to the iPhone 6, Apple relied on Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) exclusively to manufacture its custom-designed A-series processors. There had been rumors in the press for quite some time that TSMC (NYSE:TSM) would manufacture some of Apple's A-chips, Apple didn't actually make the oft-rumored switch from Samsung to TSMC until the iPhone 6/6 Plus.

It's likely not a coincidence that in the quarters following the iPhone 6/6 Plus launch, TSMC has enjoyed strong year-over-year revenue and net income growth:

A note of caution, though: While TSMC is believed to have won the entirety of the Apple A8 manufacturing business, it is widely expected that Apple will source its next-generation A-series processors from both TSMC and Samsung, potentially making year-over-year revenue comparisons difficult for TSMC during Apple's coming iPhone cycle.

No. 2: Cirrus Logic

On Sept. 19, when the iPhone 6 first launched, shares of Cirrus Logic closed at $22.20 per share. Although the shares have pulled back from their recent highs, the stock is still up a solid 32.2% since then.

Taking a look under the covers, Cirrus Logic -- which derives much of its revenue from selling audio chips into Apple's iDevices -- has seen very impressive revenue and profit growth since the iPhone 6/6 Plus launched:

To add to the good news that the iPhone 6/6 Plus brought to Cirrus, analyst Ruben Roy with Piper Jaffray believes that the coming iPhone 6s will use a more sophisticated (and expensive) "smart [audio] codec" from Cirrus Logic.

No. 3: InvenSense

It had been widely rumored that motion processor vendor InvenSense (NYSE:INVN) was set to win the accelerometer/gyroscope spots inside of the iPhone 5s. When that didn't happen, investors were understandably disappointed. Fortunately for InvenSense, though, the company finally won the accelerometer/gyroscope spot inside of Apple's iPhone 6/6 Plus devices.

These wins helped InvenSense post very healthy revenue growth since the launch of the devices, as shown below:

But it hasn't been all sunshine and roses for InvenSense following the iPhone 6/6 Plus design wins. For example, although InvenSense saw significant iPhone-related revenue growth, those orders came in at lower gross profit margins than some investors might have hoped.

Indeed, the Apple business has had a fairly adverse effect on the company's overall gross profit margin profile, as can be seen in the chart below:

Although InvenSense's management team recently signaled that its margins would remain under pressure over the next several quarters, both CFO Mark Dentinger and CEO Behrooz Abdi were optimistic that margins should start to improve either by the end of the current fiscal year or the start of the next one.

It might seem that the gross margin negativity has outweighed the good news on the revenue side, but even with the company's gross profit margin percentage down, the company's overall gross profits are still up:

This significant increase in gross profit has afforded the company the freedom to increase its investments in research and development, which should allow it to remain competitive in the coming years: Apple 'Well Positioned' In Self-Driving Car Market The Guardian recently reported that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is indeed building a self-driving car and is looking for test locations.

According to a public records act request, The Guardian obtained a "correspondence" by Apple's engineer Frank Fearon who wrote : "We would  like to get an understanding of timing and availability for the space, and how we would need to coordinate around other parties who would be using [it]."

The executive was referring to a 2,100-acre former naval base near San Francisco that is being converted into a "high-security testing ground for autonomous vehicles." The publication added that engineers from Apple's Special Project group met with officials from the base in May.

Related Link: PacCrest: Apple's iPhone Growth Could Shrink, But It Won't Hurt Investors

In fact, the former naval base is considered to be the "largest secure test facility in the world" for the "testing validation and commercialization of connected vehicles (CV) applications and autonomous vehicles (AV) technologies to define the next generation of transportation network infrastructure."

Apple's ambitions in the auto market officially remains unknown and highly secretive. The project has been dubbed "Project Titan" and one of the little known facts is that Apple continues to aggressively hire auto executives.

As an example, Apple recently hired Doug Betts, a "classic auto executive" with a decade of experience at Michelin, eight years at Toyota, seven at Chrysler and three at Nissan.

At least one analyst is bullish and optimistic following The Guardian's report and briefly commented on Apple's position in the market.

"We do believe that the simplicity of electrical motors may lead to more tech based car competition and Apple would be well positioned for this in our opinion," JP Morgan's Rod Hall commented in a note on Monday.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Apple Car Frank Fearon JPMorgan Rod Hall the GuardianAnalyst Color Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-09-22
Apple Inc. Unleashes Ad-Blocking Hell On Google Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are considered fierce rivals on mobile devices, but the companies aren't really direct competitors. Apple generates most of its revenue from hardware sales, while Google mainly relies on ad sales.

Yet both companies haven't been shy about stepping on each other's toes. Google launched Android to compete against Apple's iOS, and the search giant expanded its ecosystem to iPhones and iPads with its own iOS apps. Apple pushed back by launching rival apps like Apple Maps, while ditching Google as the default search engine for Siri and Spotlight.

Yet those were just soft jabs compared to Apple's recent decision to enable developers to create ad-blocking extensions for Safari on iOS 9. Several ad blockers surged straight to the top of the charts after iOS 9 launched, fueling concerns that Google could start missing out on mobile ad revenues from iOS devices.

Is Apple being altruistic or anti-competitive?

Back in June, Apple CEO Tim Cook accused Google and other web-based companies of "gobbling up everything they can learn about you and trying to monetize it" with targeted ads. He warned that people shouldn't ever "make trade-offs between privacy and security," and that "free" services actually came at "a very high cost."

That declaration gave Apple a moral reason to carve Google services out of its ecosystem. That's why it backs up user content to iCloud, forces users to use Apple Maps on CarPlay, and now enables ad-blocking extensions on mobile Safari.

But as altruistic as Apple makes those moves sound, they can also be considered anti-competitive. Apple uses a closed hardware and software ecosystem to lock in users, so booting Google out of that walled garden makes perfect business sense. Moreover, Apple takes a 30% cut of sales of paid ad blockers, and it stated that it doesn't plan to block ads within apps. This means that articles published within the Apple News app will feature ads which generate iAd revenues, while the mobile version on Safari might get its ads cut off -- a strategy which could be considered anti-competitive.

How badly will this hurt Google?

Google generated 75% of its mobile ad revenues from iOS last year, according to analysts at Goldman Sachs. That's equivalent to 14% of its 2014 revenue. Google won't be the only company hurt by Apple's move -- any company which relies on display ads for revenue could also be crippled.

Eyeo, the maker of Adblock Plus on PCs, recently launched a mobile browser which blocks ads without additional extensions. Eyeo claims that mobile ads can consume nearly a fourth of a device's battery, increase data costs, cause pages to load more slowly, and expose users to malware.

To "whitelist" less intrusive ads, Google and other companies reportedly agreed to pay Eyeo payments "equivalent to 30% of the additional revenues" they would have generated from the unblocked ads. That's a controversial business model, since it basically holds ads hostage until companies agree to pay the ransom. Nonetheless, ad blockers are getting too popular to ignore -- PageFair estimates that total monthly active ad blocker users worldwide skyrocketed from 20 million in April 2009 to almost 200 million in June 2015.

Google gets torn between two roles

An ironic twist is that Google's own browser, Chrome, has become the top platform for ad-blocking extensions. According to PageFair's most recent numbers, Google Chrome accounted for 52% of all mobile ad blocking worldwide, compared to 40% for Firefox.

Mobile Chrome users can block ads with the Adblock Plus app, while mobile Firefox users can install ad-blocking extensions in the browser. PageFair estimates that mobile Safari accounts for 52% of the mobile browsing market, and its ad blocking levels should "trend toward levels seen in the mobile version of Firefox."

This puts Google in a terribly awkward spot. The company would probably love to kill ad blockers, but it would be impossible to do that without a massive public backlash. As a result, all Google can do is pay ad blocking companies to whitelist ads. There were rumors that Google was circumventing AdBlock Plus with its pre-roll ads on YouTube, but Eyeo claims that it was just a bug.

Marketers will be forced to produce better ads

It would be naive for Apple to believe that content-producing blogs and sites can keep functioning without ad revenues. It's equally naive for marketers to believe that they can flood the web with auto-playing videos, giant banners, and full-screen ads without annoying users. It's similarly silly for ad-blocking developers to believe that they can keep profiting from whitelists without turning into paid gatekeepers for ads.

Therefore, marketers and companies like Google will need to reevaluate their display strategies and create less intrusive ads. But until that happens, Google's mobile ad revenues could fall as browser makers and users continue blocking its ads. Apple, Inc.'s Robust Profit Margin: 2 Reasons to Expect Continued Strength Amid all the headlines that have predicted Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) doom over the last decade, one fact has stood out consistently in the company's defense: its unorthodox gross profit margins. Apple's gross profit margin during the last 10 years has ranged between 29% and 44% -- a range most other consumer electronics hardware companies couldn't even dream of. Its ability to maintain such robust profit margins has served as partial evidence to a number of Apple's competitive advantages, including pricing power, customer loyalty, and formidable economies of scale.

But despite Apple's clear demonstration of its ability to maintain a high profit margin, it's occasionally worth considering whether this level of profitability can still be maintained under current circumstances. As it turns out, however, Apple's current situation seems to suggest it is as likely as ever to continue on with industry-leading profit margins.

Here are two reasons why.

Higher average selling prices

With the launch of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus last year, the company broke the mold for high-end iPhone pricing, testing its pricing power with customers. While the iPhone 6 was priced with its ordinary entry-level pricing for a new, flagship iPhone, at $650 without a contract, there was one thing totally out of the ordinary: The iPhone 6 wasn't the flagship iPhone. The iPhone 6 Plus, priced at a starting price of $750 was the clear flagship product.

As it turns out, iPhone buyers seemed undeterred by the higher prices. The new iPhone pricing has had quite an affect on the average selling price of iPhones. Case in point, iPhone ASP in Apple's third quarter was $660, up from $561 in the year-ago quarter.

And now with Apple's newest iPhone lineup launching with the same pricing scheme, the company is maintaining its pricing at the high end while its one-year-old iPhone line offers higher priced options than ever before. Combing this with the fact that iPhones are selling as well as ever, it looks like Apple is positioned to benefit from a tailwind of continued pricing power.

As its most profitable product segment, a higher average selling price for iPhone is likely to serve as a catalyst for the company's overall gross profit margin.

Apple's new iPhone upgrade program looks promising

When Apple announces its latest iPhones in September, it also made the surprise announcement about its own iPhone upgrade program for customers. The program allows customers to spread the cost of an iPhone over 24 months, with the option to get a new iPhone every year. The program comes with AppleCare+.

RBC Capital Markets analyst Amit Daryanani believes (via AppleInsider) that the program will be a catalyst for the company's profit margins. It will bolster iPhone upgrades, encourage greater customer loyalty, and help Apple build a profitable business selling refurbished iPhones, he argues. Each of these trends could help Apple's profit margins. Daryanani predicts the positive effect on the iPhone's gross profit margin will be significant, boosting it from an estimated 50% today to as high as 55%.

With iPhones accounting for 63% of revenue and Apple's gross profit margin across all of its products at about 40% today (well below Daryanani's predicted target for iPhone gross margin), the impact on Apple's reported gross profit margin would be noticeable if the analyst ends up being correct.

Reviewing these catalysts for Apple's gross profit margin, its impressive profitability looks set to continue to help the tech giant rake in billions in cash every quarter for years to come. 
2015-05-16
Apple's Stock Price Correlates Well With A Key Metric  
2015-12-07
Apple, Inc. Stock Could Deliver Big Gains in 2016. Here's Why. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is entering a crucial period in the coming months. Most analysts are expecting a significant slowdown in growth during fiscal 2016, a belief reflected in attractive valuation levels for Apple stock. If the company can outperform expectations, then Apple should provide substantial gains from current levels.

Apple looks undervalued

With a market capitalization value around $658 billion, Apple is the biggest listed corporation in the world. Still, the stock is attractively valued in comparison with metrics such as earnings or cash distributions.

Apple trades at a price-to-earnings ratio in the neighborhood of 13, a significant discount to the average company in the S&P 500 index, currently trading at price-to-earnings ratio of around 19.

The business generates massive amounts of cash. Apple produced $81.3 billion in operating cash flow during the fiscal year ended in September, and free cash flow amounted to $69.8 billion over that period. Management allocated $11.6 billion to dividends and $35.3 billion to share repurchases over the past year, for a total of $46.9 billion in capital distributions.

That means investors are being rewarded with a total shareholder yield, meaning dividends and buybacks over market capitalization, of nearly 7%. That's quite an impressive return coming from such a rock-solid tech powerhouse with undisputed financial soundness.

Analysts are expecting a slowdown

Apple is cheap for a reason, even if it's not necessarily a good reason. Wall Street analysts are on average expecting that the company will report $77.4 billion in revenue during the quarter ended in December, the first quarter of fiscal 2016 for Apple. While this is a tremendously big amount of money, it would still represent a relatively small increase of only 3.7% versus the same quarter in the previous year. For the full fiscal year 2016, analysts are forecasting modest 4.6% revenue increase.

The company's guidance for the December quarter is for revenue in the range of $75.5 billion to $77.5 billion, so Wall Street forecasts are at the top end of Apple's own expectations for the coming earnings release.

To put the numbers in perspective, total revenue during fiscal 2015 increased by a much stronger 28%. During the quarter ended in September, the last quarter of fiscal 2015 for Apple, revenue grew by a vigorous 22% year over year. Expectations are clearly for a significant deceleration in growth over the coming quarters.

The smartphone industry is maturing, and Apple makes more than 60% of its revenue from the iPhone segment. Research firm IDC recently reduced its worldwide smartphone shipments forecast for 2015 to 1.4 billion units. That represents a 9.8% increase from 2014, but it will also mean 2015 is the first year on record in which global industry growth is below double-digit levels.

Launching the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus last year was a really smart move from Apple, as consumers eagerly embraced the larger screens in comparison with previous models. However, the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus aren't very different from their predecessors, so many consumers could lack a big incentive upgrade to the latest iPhone versions.

Can Apple outperform?

On the other hand, Apple still has a lot of room for market share gains in the smartphone industry. According to IDC data, Apple has a market share below 16%, while more than 81% of smartphones around the world are powered by Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) (NASDAQ:GOOG) Android operating system.

Apple has been stealing market share from Alphabet lately, and that shift could be a major positive for investors. In the words of CEO Tim Cook during the latest earnings conference call: "We believe that iPhone will grow in Q1, and we base that on what we are seeing from a switcher point of view. We recorded the highest rate on record for Android switches last quarter at 30%."

A recent report from CIRP confirms that the new iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus are increasingly gaining share versus Alphabet's Android. Based on this report: "Android owners accounted for a larger share of iPhone buyers after the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus launch (26%) compared to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launch (12%)," so Apple looks stronger than ever from a competitive point of view.

The total size of the pie -- the smartphone industry -- is growing at a slower rate. But Apple still owns a relatively small size of that pie, and the company seems to be increasingly gaining share. Keeping this in mind, Apple could easily outperform undemanding growth forecasts for 2016 on the back of stronger-than-anticipated market-share gains.

Whether Apple will beat expectations in 2016 remains to be seen. One thing looks quite clear, though: The stock is priced for a big slowdown, and this situation puts investors in a convenient position. If growth does, in fact, decelerate, then this was already incorporated into valuation. On the other hand, if Apple outperforms expectations, the stock could deliver outstanding gains in the coming year. Here's Why Avago's Results Are a Good Indicator of Apple Inc. iPhone Health I recently penned an article in which I noted that chipmaker Avago's (NASDAQ:AVGO) financial results allowed investors to glean some insight into the health of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone business.

In particular, I argued that because Avago is guiding for a "normal" seasonal decline in wireless-related revenue for the coming quarter (whereas last year Avago's sales here bucked the seasonal trend), iPhone demand likely isn't holding up as well as it did last year.

Over on Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) a follower of mine pointed out that Avago's sales to Apple are "likely no more than 20% of sales" and that Avago's results may not be the best indicator of how iPhone demand is holding up.

This is definitely a valid point, but I'd like to demonstrate why I believe Avago's results are, indeed, a good indicator of the health of iPhone 6s/6s Plus relative to the health of iPhone 6/6 Plus last year.

Understanding Avago's Apple exposure

During the last three quarters, sales to Apple have represented "more than 10%" of Avago's entire revenue base and I have little doubt this was the case in the company's most recent quarter as well.

Although it might not seem like much, it's important to understand that Avago's revenues don't all come from wireless. In fact, during its most recent quarter, wireless represented just 37% of the company's overall business.

However, it's also worth noting that the vast majority of, if not the entirety of, Apple's direct business with Avago is in the latter's "wireless" operating segment.

This means that if sales to Apple represented exactly 10% of Avago's net revenue last quarter, this would imply that sales to Apple made up no less than 27% of the company's overall wireless revenue. Given that Apple is a more than 10% customer, I'd imagine an even larger percentage of Avago's wireless revenue comes from Apple than the 27% figure.

Decoding Avago's results

In its most recent quarter, Avago reported that its wireless-related revenue was up 8% year over year and 10% quarter over quarter. Management attributed this to the "customary product ramp at [its] North American customer partially offset by the product cycle rollover at one of our large Asian customers."

What those results tell me is that in the company's most recent quarter, it shipped more components to Apple during the quarter than it did at the same time in the prior year. The nice thing about these results is that Avago management indicated its RF content in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus is identical to the content in the iPhone 6/6 Plus (Avago didn't have the manufacturing capacity to handle supplying additional components), so Avago's results give us a reasonably good idea of iPhone build trends.

These results are consistent with Apple's expectation that iPhone sales will grow this quarter from the prior year period.

However, the fact that Avago is guiding to a fairly steep fall-off in wireless-related revenue in the coming quarter -- given how large a part of Avago's wireless business sales to Apple represent -- seems to suggest that Apple will be substantially lowering its build activity in anticipation of a large, seasonal drop-off in demand.

Now, it's worth keeping in mind that part of this more typically seasonal drop in demand is seemingly due to Apple having a better handle a priori of the kind of demand it expected to see for iPhone 6s/6s Plus in the first quarter following the launch of the devices (hence the year-over-year growth that Avago experienced in the most recent quarter).

That said, Avago's results seem to suggest that following the blockbuster launch quarter for which Apple has guided to year-over-year growth, the iDevice maker might find it difficult to post year-over-year growth in the remaining quarters of the fiscal year.

It's not all bad news for Apple stock

What might potentially be good news for Apple stock is that all of this information is out in the open. Despite this, Apple stock seems to be holding up fairly well.

This could be a sign that a potential decline in iPhone sales during the current fiscal year is "baked in" to the share price and that investors might be looking ahead to the coming fiscal year once the "tough compare" of the last fiscal year (thanks to iPhone 6/6 Plus) is behind the company. Three huge challenges facing Apple in 2016 On the face of it 2015 has been a phenomenal year for Apple. Money is pouring in, products are flying out the doors of its stores, and customer satisfaction ratings are holding strong.

Apple also faced up to, and dealt with, some of the challenges that it was facing at the end of 2014 . It seems to have solved some of the supply chain issues that were evident back when the iPhone 6 was released, it's not a lot easier and less painful to update iOS, and more people are buying Macs than ever.

This might leave you wondering how a company with a wildly successful product such as the iPhone in its lineup, along with billions of dollars stashed away in the back can have challenges. Well, lean in close while I explain.

Here are three big challenges facing Apple in 2016.

Growing beyond the iPhone

Apple is now more accurately "The iPhone corporation," with the company being more reliant on this single product than ever.

Back in 2012 the percentage of revenue derived from the iPhone stood at 46 percent. In 2015 this grew to almost 63 percent.

On top of that, Apple missed Wall Street's projections for the last quarter, something that Apple rarely does.

The iPhone is selling extraordinarily well, but much of this is down to Apple opening up new markets, specifically China. Once everyone who wants an iPhone has one, sales will cool, and as history tells us, products go through a lifecycle of birth, growth, and decline. Apple's already been through this with at least two products.

Here are quarterly sales figures, first for the iPod:

And these are for the iPad.

Birth, growth, and decline.

The iPhone appears to still be in the growth phase, but as the above charts show, once a product starts to decline, Apple's never managed to reverse the decline. And you might not have realized it, but the iPhone 6S is a ninth-generation product.

And Apple is currently a one-trick pony. It has nothing in its current lineup to replace the iPhone. The iPad already appears to have entered a decline, and the Apple watch is little more than an accessory.

And if you think the mythical Apple Car could be the next big thing, think again. The car industry is hugely competitive, and a minefield of governmental regulation. Apple would be better dusting off those TV plans.

Improve software quality

2015 has seen Apple release some of its buggiest updates to date. iOS 9 took devices that had previously "just worked" and made them hair-tearingly frustrating to use (iOS 9.1 did improve things dramatically), while OS X 10.11 El Capitan has been plagued by so many show-stopping bugs that I'm waiting until the 10.11.2 release before rolling it out onto my workhorse devices.

I'm not sure what's behind the decline. Apple had a public beta for both, but public beta programs now have more to do with marketing and promotion than they do about finding and fixing bugs. Also, iOS and OS X are both on a tight release schedule where there's not much wriggle room for delays.

But buggy software is still buggy software, and it sucks for consumers who have paid top dollar for products to be encumbered with so many issues. It makes Apple appear slapdash and lackadaisical, especially since it has such a tight control over the hardware.

Managing analyst/media/consumer expectations

Apple is a super-secret company, and this information vacuum is just begging to be filled with nonsense. And the crazy levels of speculation, hype, hysteria, and plain old fabrication that precedes the launch of new Apple products is dulling the effect of the actual launch.

Even I'm feeling this, and I'm highly skeptical of about 95 percent of the nonsense I come across prior to a new Apple product upgrade. There's that point during a launch event where I'm struck by that feeling of "oh, it's only a smartphone/tablet/computer/smartwatch" and I'm a tad disappointed that it doesn't cure a disease or act as a teleport device.

The way that some analysts are getting caught up in pre-release hype should be of particular concern to Apple. That pattern of huge buildup followed by disappointment once a product is actually unveiled it's doing Apple any good.

See also: 
2015-07-10
Tesla Motors Inc and Apple Inc: Who's Imitating Who? Now that Greece has put a proposal on the table for review by its bailout monitors and Chinese authorities have engineered the best two-day performance in the Shanghai Composite Index since 2008, U.S. equity traders are breathing a sigh of relief on Friday. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (INDEX: ^DJI) and the broader S&P 500 (INDEX: ^GSPC) are up 1.15% and 1.17%, respectively, at 12 p.m. EDT. The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite was up 0.27%; meanwhile, the CBOE Volatility Index (VOLATILITYINDICES:^VIX), or VIX, a market measure of expectations for short-term volatility in the S&P 500, was down 15.32%.

Tesla Motors and Apple: Who's imitating who?

Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) confirmed yesterday that it has hired Ganesh Srivats, a former Burberry's senior vice president, to become VP of North American Sales. The move is reminiscent of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) 2013 hire of Burberry Broup plc CEO Angela Ahrendts to become head of retail operations. But that's just one way in which the electric automobile manufacturer has imitated the digital devices heavyweight.

Compare the two companies' retail showrooms, for example:

Apple:



Tesla Motors:



The similarities are obvious: Both companies offer a bright, uncluttered, open-plan space that is inviting. That isn't a coincidence. In 2010, Tesla hired Apple alum George Blankenship with the title of VP of Design and Store Development and a mandate to "build Tesla's retail strategy and network."

In the press release announcing the hire, Tesla boasted that Mr. Blankenship is: [...] best known as the architect of Apple's brand building retail strategy that raised the bar for customer experience in retail stores [...] As Apple's Vice President of Real Estate, he created one of the most successful retail growth strategies in history.



George Blankenship retired from Tesla Motors in Nov. 2013.

Blankenship is not the only Apple alum to have joined the upstart auto manufacturer. According to a Bloomberg article published in February, Tesla Motors has poached at least 150 employees -- or roughly 1.5% of its workforce at the end of 2014 -- from Apple. Other high-profile hires include Doug Field, who is responsible for developing new vehicle development. At Apple, Field led the development of the MacBook Air, MacBook Pro, and iMac under design guru Jony Ive. Here's why Tesla Motors wants to be Apple

It's entirely logical for Tesla Motors to model itself on Apple for two reasons. First, Apple is unparalleled in its ability to combine sleek hardware with functional software. Cars are, increasingly, a combination of hardware and software, and this phenomenon is likely to accelerate as we move toward self-driving vehicles. Furthermore, if cars do become autonomous, they will be another environment, like the home or the office, in which people will work or enjoy entertainment. In that context, a car's digital capabilities and/or interoperability with existing devices will become an essential selling point.

Second, even though Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk wrote in 2006 that "our long term plan is to build a wide range of models, including affordably priced family cars," the company's vehicles command a premium positioning, and that will continue to be the case for the foreseeable future. Keep in mind that Tesla expects to deliver just 55,000 vehicles this year (for reference, Toyota is forecasting it will sell 1.1 million cars this year -- in China alone). Similarly, Apple has staked out a premium positioning for the devices and services that it offers.

(Or, as Tim Cook told BusinessWeek in Dec. 2012: "The DNA of the company, the thing that makes our heart beat, is a maniacal focus on making the best products in the world. Not good products, or a lot of products, but the absolute best products in the world.") Tesla: Apple's market value in 10 years?

There is a third way in which Tesla Motors would like to resemble Apple, and that is, quite naturally, its phenomenal growth. In fact, Elon Musk drew an explicit comparison earlier this year when he outlined assumptions under which he said, "[Tesla's] market cap [in ten years' time] would be basically the same as Apple's is today."

There is one enormous risk to that rosy scenario, of course: If Apple decides it wants to be like Tesla and enters the car business. There are indications Apple is moving in this direction, and the notion isn't absurd, for some of the reasons outlined above. If that were to occur, it would certainly cause Tesla -- and its valuation -- to recoil. 
2015-03-23
Will A New CEO Help HTC Gain Ground Against Apple Inc. and Samsung Group? The past four years have not been kind to HTC (NASDAQOTH:HTCCY), which saw its global smartphone market share drop from 11% in 2011 to less than 2% today. Therefore, it wasn't surprising when CEO Peter Chou stepped down earlier this month. Chou, who co-founded and led HTC for over a decade, was replaced by co-founder and chairwoman Cher Wang.

Unfortunately, HTC might simply be rearranging the deck chairs on the Titanic. Let's take a look at the market forces which are sinking HTC, and why the odds are stacked against Wang.

How HTC lost its way

HTC claimed an early lead in the smartphone race by launching the first Android phone, the first Nexus-branded device, and the first 4G phone in the U.S. Unfortunately, Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) wide array of phones at all price tiers flooded the market, and HTC couldn't match its South Korean rival's development and marketing budgets.

As HTC's market share plummeted, it launched gimmicky devices like a 3D phone, phones with dedicated Facebook buttons, and the world's first Facebook Home device, the HTC First. None of those devices helped HTC regain its lost market share. Meanwhile, the Android market became saturated with cheaper rivals.

HTC eventually reduced its number of phones and focused on marketing flagship devices like the HTC One, which is now on its third iteration with the M9. These new devices were well received critically, but came up short commercially. HTC's profits stabilized over the last three quarters, thanks to dramatic cost cuts and the Nexus 9 tablet, but it still faces a steep uphill battle to regain market share.

A rock and a hard place

Today, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is dominating the high-end market with the iPhone 6, and low-margin competitors like Xiaomi, Lenovo (NASDAQOTH:LNVGY), and Huawei are reducing price expectations for high-end Android phones.

That pressure is crushing Samsung, which saw its market share slide from 29% to 20% between the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2014, according to IDC. Other Android players, like Sony (NYSE:SNE), which controls around 2% of the market, aren't faring much better. Sony recently decided to focus on growing margins instead of market share by selling fewer phones at higher prices.

Since HTC mainly competes in the same high-end Android market as Samsung and Sony, it's doubtful that it can succeed while its larger rivals are failing. Even Xiaomi is bolstering its high-end lineup.

Scattergun strategies

Before taking over as CEO, Wang helped run "various aspects of the business," according to HTC. Back in 2011, Wang stated that HTC should diversify its business beyond smartphones.

Some of these projects -- including the Re Camera, Grip fitness band, and Vive VR headset -- recently emerged. But none of those devices are unique to HTC. The Re Camera is just an attempt to tap into GoPro's action camera market, and the Grip and Vive are respectively reactions to Samsung's Gear smartwatches and Gear VR headset. Like Samsung, HTC might launch new Windows Phones soon, which could give it some breathing room against cheaper Android rivals.

HTC's scattergun strategies also increase its research and marketing expenses without any guarantees of revenue growth. Therefore, promoting new gadgets could weigh down HTC's bottom line if new handset sales fail to offset those expenses.

HTC hopes that new ideas cooked up in the company's Future Development Lab will help it tap into future growth markets. However, the division will now be led by Chou, who didn't excel at identifying new opportunities when he was CEO.

What HTC needs to do

In my opinion, HTC's near-term future doesn't really depend on action cams, fitness bands, or VR headsets. Instead, it needs to decide if it wants to pursue market share growth like Samsung or bigger margins like Sony.

Neither path will be easy. To gain market share, it must slash prices on the mid-range Desire devices, which still cost more than comparable Xiaomi devices. That could cause revenue to rise but earnings to falter. If HTC decides to sell fewer devices at higher prices, its market share and revenues will decline as its brand loses visibility.

Therefore, if Wang continues promoting niche gadgets and postpones making a firm decision on smartphones, HTC could be clobbered as the high-end Android market implodes. A Logical Reason Why Apple Will Use An Intel Modem  Apple Inc. Price Target Upped After iPhone 6 Survey Apple continues to benefit from the release of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus as a new survey suggests a meaningful number of former Android users are making the switch. The survey also suggests good things for Apple s ecosystem in general, including Apple Pay and the upcoming Apple Watch.

Lots of people coming to Apple s ecosystem

Cowen sponsored the survey, which covered 3,000 consumers who either currently own an iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus or are intending to buy one. It was conducted before the Apple Watch event on March 9. A thousand of the participants are in the U.S., a thousand are in China, 500 are in the U.K. and 500 are in Japan. As a result of the survey s positive results, analyst Timothy Arcuri raised his price target from $115 to $135 per share and reiterated his Outperform rating.

The survey indicated that for 5% of current iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus owners, the phone was their first smartphone. It also showed that 16% of the participants were converts from an Android device. The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus was popular with all age groups in the survey.

(All charts and graphs in this article are courtesy Cowen.)

The survey did find that the highest percentage of early adopters were in the youngest age group, however.

Good signs for Apple ecosystem

Cowen analysts also found a high percentage of smartphone users have other connected devices like a tablet or game console. The iPhone (including all models) had a 79% share of survey participants. Smartphone owners also showed high percentages of having other devices, which of course means good things for the Apple ecosystem as a whole.

Good news for Apple Pay, Apple Watch

The survey indicated that 58% of those who participated have used some type of mobile payment service, not including Apple Pay. In particular, mobile payment adoption is high in China with 21% of the monthly spend, followed by the U.S. at 20% and the U.K. at 14%.

Fifty-seven percent of survey participants used PayPal, and 42% have used some kind of mobile app. Google Wallet has a solid adoption rate of 31%.

The Cowen analysts also said the survey suggests smartwatches will not  aggressively  replace traditional and fashion watches. They say adoption will likely be gradual because of expectations like price, battery life and durability.

Shares of Apple began to recover from Friday s flash crash today, climbing as much as 1.08% to $127.26 per share. 
2015-10-19
Is Apple, Inc. Stock Headed to $172? Ahead of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) fiscal fourth-quarter earnings next week, investment firm Piper Jaffray has named (via Fortune) the tech giant's stock its top large-cap stock pick for the rest of the year and into 2016. Jaffray's senior analyst Gene Munster reaffirmed a $172 12-month price target. This represents a whopping 56% increase from where shares are trading today.

What makes Munster so confident in Apple as an investment? The analyst cites three catalysts:

Hot products

Apple's fresh suite of new products, including the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s plus, Apple Watch, iPad Pro, and an upcoming launch of an overhauled Apple TV, are not fully priced into Apple's stock price, Munster argues.

The analyst has a point. While the company will almost certain struggle to maintain the 26% year-over-year revenue growth and the 40% year-over-year earnings per share growth it posted during the trailing 12 months, Apple's current price-to-earning ratio of around 12 prices in little to no growth at all. So, Apple doesn't have to serve up the same monstrous growth it has during recent quarters to outperform what the Street has priced the stock for.

iPhone upgrade program

Apple's iPhone upgrade program was received with considerable fanfare among analysts when it was announced in September. Analysts seemed to agree the program would serve as meaningful driver for iPhone sales over the long haul. But despite the program's positive reception, the stock has floundered since it was launched along with its new iPhones this fall.

Munster believes the program is undervalued, estimating it will have huge implications. The percentage of Apple's iPhone user base that upgrades to a new iPhone every year will increase from one out 10 customers today to three out of four by the end 0f 2018, he projects.

iPhone 7

While analysts generally agree that the iPhone 6s line will be a successful product cycle for Apple, Munster is already looking ahead to the launch of iPhone 7. Though the phone isn't expected to launch until September next year, he believes it will begin to drive investor optimism ahead of its launch.

The iPhone 7, Munster says, will drive a "more revolutionary cycle." Likely to sport a new form factor, Munster predicts the phone will drive meaningful sales growth in Apple's biggest product segment.

The significance of two of these catalysts -- Apple's robust portfolio of refreshed products and its iPhone upgrade program -- will begin to shine through in the company's guidance for Q1. Munster expects Apple to guide for $77 billion in first-quarter revenue. This would represent 3.2% year-over-year revenue growth compared to the company's first fiscal quarter of 2015. A small year-over-year gain, but notable in light of just how huge Apple's holiday quarter was last year.

While the catalysts Munster cites to support his $172 price target seem reasonable, investors should eye the price target itself with skepticism. Not only are any 12-month predictions unreliable because of a long list of market factors and unknowns that could shift sentiment toward a stock in such a short time frame, but it's also worth noting Apple has traded close to 10 times earnings on several occasions during the past few years, so it's not very unusual for the market to discount the company's future potential so substantially.

The best way for investors to benefit from reports like these is usually to ignore the price target and consider the analysis of the underlying business. When it comes to Munster's analysis of the company and its tailwinds, he has a few good points. Indeed, he at least helps support the case for continuing to hold the stock over the long haul. But will Apple trade at $172 within 12 months? Who knows? 
2015-09-27
The Apple Inc iPhone 6s Is Already a Success for T-Mobile The new Apple(NASDAQ:AAPL)iPhone 6s and 6s Plus are just about to hit store shelves. and already the devices appear to be a major success for T-Mobile(NASDAQ:TMUS). The carrier's infamously outspoken CEO, John Legere, sent out a tweet earlier this week saying that iPhone 6s pre-orders are up 30% over the iPhone 6 pre-orders from last year.

That was fast. Here we go... 1/ @TMobile customers are pumped to get the new #iPhone6s  preorders up >30% over last year! #WeWontStop -- John Legere (@JohnLegere) September 22, 2015

Apple, of course, deserves at least partial credit here. Apple's latest devices come with new features, like Live Photos -- short video clips taken each time you snap a picture -- a new 12 megapixel rear-facing camera, and a pressure-sensitive 3D Touch display.

But T-Mobile's also made its network more alluring by piling on the offers for new and existing subscribers. Take for example the carrier's latest iPhone offer: Current iPhone 6 users can trade in their device and pay as little as $5 per month for an iPhone 6s. And if people don't have a new iPhone to trade in, they can still get a great deal on Apple's new devices by trading in some other top-of-the-line phones as well.

What's interesting is that Legere's tweet came a day before the new On Demand iPhone 6s pricing was revealed, which means that the 30% jump in iPhone pre-orders doesn't even factor in this new plan.

Part the early success may have come from the carrier's new Lifetime Coverage Guarantee, which the company announced the same day the iPhone 6s debuted. The plan allows new customers who sign up for a new iPhone (or any Extended Range LTE device) to try out the network virtually risk free. If users don't like T-Mobile after 30 days they can turn their device in, pay nothing for it, and receive a refund for one month of their T-Mobile service.

Building on past success

Two years ago, T-Mobile introduced its iPhone Test Drive, which allowed customer to test out the iPhone 5s on its network and turn it back in if they weren't completely satisfied. Shortly after it launched, Legere said on T-Mobile's third quarter 2014 earnings call that the carrier wouldn't stop there:

We're looking at ways over time to expand the program. We'd like to see the whole industry create a process where people can test drive. So from that standpoint, it's a long journey, one that we're very patient with and one that we'll stick with.

And as the carrier's new JUMP On Demand pricing for the new iPhones proves, Legere meant what he said. But the carrier's done more than just push new promotions -- it's benefited from them as well.

T-Mobile has added more than one million subscribers each quarter for the past 10 quarters, and already said that it will match or exceed the 2.1 million net adds for third quarter 2015, as it did in the previous quarter. Legere also spilled some of the beans at the Goldman Sachs Communacopia Conference, saying that T-Mobile exceeded last year's branded prepaid net customer additions in during the quarter and tripled the amount of branded prepaid net customer adds sequentially.

And with the 30% increase in iPhone pre-orders this year, it appears the company is starting its next quarter with lots of momentum. Of course, it's still unclear how many new subscribers are signing up for T-Mobile because of the new T-Mobile promotion. But with such a huge year-over-year increase in pre-orders, T-Mobile can at least be confident that it's helping to lock in current users on its network and is likely attracting some new ones with its very low pricing. 
2015-09-10
Why Carriers Should Hate Apple, Inc.'s New iPhone Upgrade Program Editor's note: A previous version of this article used incorrect prices for AppleCare+. These references have been removed.

Thanks in large part to T-Mobile (NASDAQ:TMUS), the domestic wireless industry has been quickly transitioning away from subsidies and traditional two-year contracts. It all started in 2013 with T-Mobile's Uncarrier 1.0 initiative that replaced service contracts with installment plans, and all of the national carriers have now followed suit with installment plans or early upgrade programs of their own.

Sprint (NYSE:S) has targeted iPhone users directly on multiple occasions, most recently with its iPhone Forever leasing program. One common criticism, though, is that consumers aren't actually freed from the shackles of service agreements. Consumers are still tethered to their carriers, just by an installment or leasing plan instead of a service contract.

Meanwhile, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Tim Cook has acknowledged that the net result of this secular shift is that iPhone upgrade cycles are accelerating. To that end, it makes plenty of sense why Apple is now launching its own iPhone Upgrade Program. And carriers should hate it.

How it works

First off, let's cover what Apple's program includes. For a monthly fee, consumers can get a new unlocked iPhone every year and choose which carrier to use. A 24-month installment agreement is required, and AppleCare+ is included for handset protection and insurance.

On the backend, Apple is outsourcing the financing of the program to Citizens One, much like how it outsources its recycling and trade-in programs. Users are able to upgrade to a new iPhone after 12 payments, and start a new cycle.

Why Apple investors should love it

iPhone users are already extremely loyal to Apple, and Apple's business relies on this steady stream of recurring revenue. It is one of the few consumer electronics companies that can consistently generate recurring revenue from regular hardware upgrades. Commoditized rivals aren't afforded this luxury, as they must continuously compete on price.

Carriers are still responsible for the majority of iPhone distribution, which is something that Cook has been trying to change in recent years. Bringing consumers to Apple stores instead of a carrier retail store not only provides for a better sales experience, but also opens up the possibility of cross-selling other Apple products. Two years ago, only 20% of iPhones were sold through Apple Stores, and Cook wants that figure higher. It's not clear how much progress Apple has made since then.

The new annual upgrade program not only adds visibility to future upgrade cycles, but it helps Apple sell more iPhones directly as opposed to through carriers.

Why carriers should hate it

Since the beginning of time, wireless carriers have valiantly fought to avoid service commoditization. They've tried using things like device exclusivity and service contracts, both of which are on the decline. Sure, some networks are better or worse based on different metrics or geographies, but ultimately wireless service is a commodity.

But if a consumer enrolls in Apple's new program directly, they're truly free to switch between carriers at any time. For example, T-Mobile's John Legere made it clear that if his company wasn't delivering good service, customers should leave and find better service. But doing so requires paying off that installment plan, which would inevitably be several hundred dollars. Imagine if those leasing payments went to Apple instead, and you really could just switch carriers at the drop of a hat.

If Apple is able to relegate the carriers to little more than wireless pipes (which they are), the carriers will be forced to compete more heavily on price since consumers will have even greater portability. Churn rates could rise as ARPU and margins fall. Whether Apple's iPhone Upgrade Program hurts carriers in any meaningful way will depend on how many consumers Apple can get to sign up. 35 Bonds That Are Better Investments Than The Best Apple Inc. Bond  Why Apple's Presentation Fell Flat Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) were higher by 2 percent Thursday morning. Apple's Wednesday presentation fell "flatter than the new iPad," according to Pacific Crest. Jefferies says Apple is in a "transition" phase.

Shares of Apple Inc. traded lower immediately following its much anticipated presentation and introduction of new products and services, but were higher by around 2 percent Thursday.

While many consumers and Apple enthusiasts are excited to acquire the latest products, two analysts have come out with not-so-flattering reviews of the presentation and new products and services.

Jefferies: Apple In  Transition'

Sundeep Bajikar of Jefferies commented in a note that Apple's event was "largely in line" with his expectations, in regards to both positives and negatives.

Related Link: Introducing Apple's iAnywhere "Cornucopia"

Bajikar continued that the smartphone market is "maturing," Android's capabilities are "just as good if not better" than Apple's iOS and competition from China is "intensifying."

Meanwhile, Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL) is "extending its lead" in Cloud Services and advancing its technologies for a future self-driving car.

Bajikar further noted that Apple needs to introduce new categories of products and services, particularly in China, to extend its brand advantage. The analyst suggested that Apple may be in the "early stages of transition" of doing so with the Watch, Apple Pay and iPad Pro.

Finally, Bajikar pointed out that as "inflated" iPhone expectations shift lower, Apple's stock could become "incrementally more attractive," especially when further factoring in an improved fiscal 2016 earnings per share estimate (increased to $9.71 from a previous $9.58) due to the higher effect of share repurchases at a lower stock price.

Shares remain Hold rated with a price target lowered to $126 from a previous $130.

Pacific Crest: Apple Event  Lacked Focus'

Andy Hargreaves of Pacific Crest commented in a note that Apple's event "lacked focus," while the presentation fell "flatter than the new iPad" as the company's new products and services were "largely in line" with his expectations.

Related Link: Apple iPhone Cycle May Be Shrinking, And That's Good For Growth

Hargreaves noted that his view of the iPhone 6s remains unchanged and is unlikely to drive the upgrade rates and share gains seen in the iPhone 6 cycle. In addition, the phone's new features (3D touch, 4k video streaming, etc.) are only "relatively modest" improvements. However, in typical Apple fashion, the features "seem to be enough" to compel a "normal" level of upgrades, which is key to the analyst's long-term view around iPhone's pricing power and cash generation ability.

Switching over to the Apple TV, Hargreaves argued that the improved box provides some "interesting" and new-to-Apple functionality, the presentation "almost completely missed the mark." The analyst added that consumers have "very little" interest in shopping, looking at the weather or engaging in other tasks that are popular on smartphones on a TV.

"The presentation's focus on mobile-like apps suggested that Apple either does not share our view, which would raise questions about its longer-term potential in the TV market, or that it made a tactical mistake in the demonstration," Hargreaves wrote. "We continue to believe Apple has the opportunity to disrupt the traditional pay-TV market with a virtual MVPD service, but yesterday's demonstration and other launches in the software/services group in recent years have not improved our confidence."

Finally, the analyst stated that the iPad Pro "looks good," and the "lengthy" presentation showcased functionality that will appear to business users. Despite that, the device "does not appear to be an incremental purchase" and could cannibalize sales of current iPads on the low end and MacBooks on the high end. As such, a gross-profit benefit is unlikely to be noticeable at Apple's scale.

Bottom line, Apple's stock is already factoring in iPhone unit sales to be down in the early part of the 6s cycle, and upside to the stock exists if demand proves to be "more sustainable" than previously though.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Andy Hargreaves Apple TVAnalyst Color Long Ideas Top Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Sells Bonds in Euros Extending Debt Binge to $55 Billion Apple Inc. sold bonds in euros for the second time, increasing the amount the iPhone maker has raised in global debt offerings since 2013 to more than $55 billion.

The 2 billion-euro ($2.3 billion) sale was split evenly between bonds maturing in eight years and 12 years, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Apple sold the longer-dated notes at 85 basis points more than benchmark rates. That compares with the 45 basis-point premium for securities maturing in 2026 that the company sold in its debut euro offering in November, the data show.

Apple has sold bonds around the world to diversify funding as it works to return $200 billion to investors by March 2017 and expands its global retail network. While the cost of funding has increased since Apple s debut euro sale, U.S. companies can still raise capital in the single currency at a 2.07 percentage-point average discount to borrowing in dollars, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch indexes.

 It s slightly more expensive than last year s euro-bond sale, but you re still paying less than 2 percent for 12 years,  said Geraud Charpin, a portfolio manager at BlueBay Asset Management in London.  It s pretty cheap money. What else do you want to ask for? 

Cupertino, California-based Apple initially marketed the 12-year bonds bonds at a premium of 95 basis points, according to a person familiar with the matter, who asked not to be identified because they re not authorized to speak publicly. The 1 billion euros of securities maturing in 2024 will pay 60 basis points after being initially offered at 70 basis points, the person said. The company paid a 30 basis-point premium for eight-year debt last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

Share Buybacks

Apple will use the proceeds from the bond sale for general corporate purposes, as well as to buy back shares, pay dividends, boost working capital and to fund capital expenditure, acquisitions and repayment of debt, according to the person.

Company officials in Europe were unavailable for immediate comment on the sale when contacted by phone.

Apple on Wednesday unveiled a wide-ranging lineup of new products, including updated iPhones, a revamped TV set-top box for playing games and watching videos, and a bigger iPad designed for business customers.

Royal Dutch Shell Plc also sold 3.45 billion euros of bonds on Thursday, according to Bloomberg data. These mature in four, six-and-a-half and 10 years.

First Sale

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Euro-denominated corporate debt similarly rated to Apple, with an average maturity of eight years, is quoted at about 49 basis points more than benchmark rates, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch indexes. For 13-year debt, quotes are about 73 basis points more. When Apple held its first euro bond sale on Nov. 4 premiums were 34 basis points for eight years and 53 basis points for 13 years.

Investment-grade corporate debt in euros yields an average 1.37 percent, compared with the record low 0.85 percent in March, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch indexes. Apple Suppliers Hope to Tap Into New iPhones' '3-D Touch' HONG KONG If Apple Inc. s new iPhones that feature a new touch technology are a hit with consumers, a handful of component suppliers across Asia and the U.S. stand to be significant beneficiaries.

The Cupertino, Calif., company on Wednesday unveiled a pair of new iPhones with  3-D Touch  technology, which can distinguish between a light tap and a heavier press, allowing users to control a device differently depending on how hard they... 
2015-11-20
Battle of Dividend Stocks: Apple, Inc. Versus Microsoft Corporation Which is the better dividend stock -- Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) or Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT)? Both companies boast significant cash flow and enduring business models with key competitive advantages, making them worth a closer look for investors looking for income. But is one stock superior to the other as a dividend stock?

First, a look at the dividend-investor-relevant raw numbers:

Company Dividend Yield Payout Ratio 3-Year Dividend CAGR 3-Year EPS CAGR 3-Year Free Cash Flow CAGR Microsoft 2.7% 83% 16% (10%) (8%) Apple 1.8% 22% 11% 13% 19%

Next, some useful background on each company:

Microsoft



As is clear from Microsoft's high payout ratio of 83%, as well as the company's impressive three-year dividend compound average growth rate (CAGR) of 16%, the software giant clearly prioritizes dividends. And its dividend history reinforces this stance: Microsoft has been paying meaningful dividends since 2003.

But the company faces a key problem: Future dividend potential doesn't look as promising. Despite a strong dividend history and a clear prioritization of dividend payouts, Microsoft's high payout ratio, combined with its negative EPS and free cash flow growth during the three years, suggest its recent aggressive dividend hikes are unsustainable. Even if Microsoft is able to stabilize its negative EPS and free cash flow trend, the company's high payout ratio still makes a case for smaller dividend hikes in the future.

Apple



Apple is still a newcomer in the world of dividend stocks, but it shouldn't be overlooked. It has carved out a well-deserved position among top dividend stocks by delivering consistent increases, and by generating loads of free cash flow in increasing volume.

What's best about Apple as a dividend stock is the very aspect of what serves as a key concern for Microsoft as a dividend stock: dividend growth potential. Yes, Apple's sub-2% dividend yield is unimpressive. But this 2% yield takes on more meaning when investors realize the company has not only been increasing its dividend at solid rates since it reinitiated it in 2012, but it's also only paying out a small portion of earnings. With a payout ratio of just 22%, and with earnings on the rise recently, the tech giant's dividend looks like it has plenty of room for further increases.

What's Apple's weakness as a dividend stock? Higher uncertainty involved in predicting the cash flow. With such a concentrated portfolio of products -- particularly the iPhone at more than 60% of the company's revenue -- the company's business appears to be more susceptible to bigger swings. If the iPhone or other key products ever lose favor with consumers, the company's revenue could take a dive.

It's worth noting, however, that Apple seems to be transitioning to a more service-centric business model, with revenue streams that more closely resemble annuities. Still, soaring iPhone sales have left the company as reliant on the smartphone as ever.

Comparing the two stocks head to head, Apple appears to be the better dividend stock for long-term investors, in my opinion. Significant upside potential for its dividend seems to outweigh risks with uncertainty toward business growth. It also outshines Microsoft's higher yield and dividend prioritization.

Which dividend stock do you prefer? Tim Cook, We Need More Share Buybacks  
2015-02-13
Slowing iPhone Growth Won't Hurt Apple, Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) posted extraordinary results last quarter. iPhone unit sales surged 46% year over year and iPhone revenue grew at an even faster 57% rate.

However, iPhone sales growth is virtually certain to slow to a crawl by 2016. Apple bulls who expect revenue and profit from iPhone sales to continue growing in a significant way beyond this year are likely to be disappointed.

Luckily, this doesn't mean that Apple stock is doomed. Beginning later this year, sales growth in Apple's other product lines (including new products like the Apple Watch and Apple Pay) will start to offset slowing iPhone growth. As Apple starts to diversify its earnings away from the iPhone, its valuation should rise.

Strong growth in a limited market

For the past couple of years, the conventional wisdom among many tech pundits has been that the high-end smartphone market is essentially saturated. This seemed to be confirmed by a drastic slowdown in iPhone unit sales growth from more than 70% in fiscal year 2012 to 20% in fiscal year 2013 and 13% in fiscal year 2014.

In this context, Apple's 46% iPhone unit sales growth last quarter was especially impressive. The key driver was the introduction in September of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, which have larger screens than previous iPhone models.

Anticipation of the new models caused some loyal iPhone users to delay their upgrades, which held back sales growth in fiscal year 2014 but then boosted growth last quarter. Apple also gained high-end market share from Samsung. Lastly, Apple benefited from growth in China's high-end market, driven by its year-old partnership with China Mobile and the ongoing rollout of 4G service in China.

Limited opportunities for further growth

Apple can probably ride the new iPhones' strong momentum to unit sales growth of 30% or so in fiscal year 2015, bringing total sales to about 220 million this fiscal year. Analysts at JPMorgan Chase have estimated that in a best-case scenario, Apple could sell 235 million phones in fiscal year 2015 -- that would represent 39% unit growth.

However, the pool of potential upgrades is not unlimited. Globally, there are about 400 million iPhone users today. Apple also won't win 100% of the high-end market -- plenty of Android fans will stay loyal to that platform. Furthermore, smartphone penetration is already very high among people who could reasonably afford to purchase a high-end phone.

Even bullish analysts like Mike Walkley of Canaccord Genuity -- who recently boosted his Apple price target to $145 -- think that 2015 will be the last year of big growth for the iPhone. Walkley estimates that Apple will sell 210 million-215 million iPhones annually through 2018 as growth in the user base is offset by a slowing replacement cycle.

Growth in existing product lines

Two of the big issues frequently raised by Apple bears are 1) Apple's reliance on the iPhone for the vast majority of its earnings, and 2) iPhone market saturation. The implication is that if market saturation causes iPhone sales to stagnate or fall, Apple's earnings will inexorably fall.

But if Apple can generate strong growth in its non-iPhone revenue in the next few years, it may be able to grow earnings despite stagnant iPhone sales. This would also reduce Apple's single-handed reliance on the iPhone for the vast majority of its profit.

Apple has significant growth opportunities in its existing non-iPhone product lines. The Mac has steadily gained PC market share in recent years, but still holds a small slice of the market, giving Apple plenty of future upside.

Meanwhile, iPad sales have hit a rough patch. One prominent analyst even expects iPad sales to drop 30% this year. However, rising replacement demand and growth in the business market could restart iPad sales growth later this year. For example, JetBlue Airways announced this week that it will deploy iPad Minis to more than 3,500 employees.

The App Store represents the biggest future growth driver among Apple's existing product lines. In 2014, App Store sales generated more than $10 billion of developer revenue. This means that Apple's cut was about $4.5 billion of high-margin revenue. Moreover, App Store billings grew 50% year over year.

New product lines will add to earnings

Apple will also be able to grow its non-iPhone profit by adding new product lines. The Apple Watch will go on sale in April. In the first year of sales, the Apple Watch could bring in $10 billion of revenue even if only 5% of iPhone users buy one. That's significant even by Apple's standards.

Apple Pay will take longer to mature. Apple gets 0.15% of the purchase price for Apple Pay transactions, so it would need to support $1 trillion in purchases to generate $1.5 billion in revenue. But global credit card/debit card payment volume is already well beyond $10 trillion annually and growing strongly. Apple Pay could conceivably process trillions of dollars of purchases a year a decade from now.

Finally, Apple almost certainly has other products in development today that will create new revenue streams in the future. While none of these other product lines has nearly the market potential of the iPhone, together they can become a meaningful counterweight.

If Apple can get all of its non-iPhone businesses growing later this year, it may be able to keep EPS growing at a high single-digit or low double-digit rate even with no iPhone sales growth. This would gradually reduce the iPhone's share of Apple's earnings from perhaps 70%-75% today to 50%-60% by the end of the decade.

Growth in Apple's non-iPhone businesses could thus address both of the bears' main worries simultaneously. It would allow Apple to keep growing earnings even as iPhone sales growth slows, and it would also diversify Apple's earnings stream away from its current reliance on the iPhone. This should drive Apple's valuation higher over time. 
2015-08-22
Why Apple Is Likely To Continue The iPad Mini Another esteemed author suggested that the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPad Mini might have its last refresh this year. I agree with his assessment that the release of the iPhone 6 Plus is contributing to the uncertainty over of the future of the iPad Mini. However, I do not agree that a lower-ASP product like a $399 iPad Mini should be discontinued just because there will be a premium $700 6-inch iPhone.

The issue is more than just about gross margins on hardware sales. The iPad Mini, as the more affordable version, helps Apple maintain its leading role in global tablet sales. An $800 6-inch iPhone does not negate the fact that millions of people can only afford a $399 iPad Mini.

Yes, Apple makes most of its money from imposing a high-margin policy on its mobile devices. However, there is also the undeniable fact that iOS phones and tablets also serve as channels for repeat app store purchases. My simple explanation why Apple will sustain the development of new iPad Mini models is the same reason why Apple made a new iPod Touch 6th gen   The lower-ASP iPad Mini and iPod Touch products' purpose is to recruit more repeat customers for Apple's app store business.

We all know that mobile games dominate the iOS app store. Apple's 30% cut from app sales/in-app purchases last month was $1.7 billion. Consequently, cheaper iOS devices like the iPad Mini 2 and iPod Touch remain essential to Apple's future because gamers (even those who can only afford $299 devices) are potential customer for repeat in-app purchases.

(Source: TheInquisitr)

Apple sells far more iPhones than iPads and yet, as per the Q2 Global App Data report of SensorTower, the iPad/iPad Mini users actually contribute almost half of Apple's commission from top-grossing iOS games. This compels me to believe that many big-spending gamers still prefer the bigger iPad Mini/iPad over the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

The iPad Mini's long-term importance to Apple's bottom line is clearly illustrated by the chart below. The iPad and the iPad Mini are favored devices among big-spending players of Clash of Clans, Game of War - Fire Age, Candy Crush Saga/Soda Saga. The iPad-using players of social casino games from Big Fish Casino and Double actually spend more money than their iPhone-using counterparts.

Below is SensorTower's July download and revenue estimates for some of the top grossing iOS games.

iOS Game Title July 2015 Global Downloads July 2015 Global Revenue Clash of Clans 2.5 million $81 million Game of War - Fire Age 1.4 million $41 million            (Japan-only Monster Strike 270k $34 million Candy Crush Saga 2.1 million $24 million           (Japan-only version of Puzzle & Dragons) 190k $27 million

(Source:SensorTower/Alcaraz Research)

There is no verifiable data to determine the proportion of iPad and iPad Mini gamers. However, I speculate that a large portion of the iPad gaming community use the smaller and lighter iPad Mini. Ergonomic reasons make the smaller and lighter iPad Mini the better choice for hardcore iPad gamers. I am one of those millions of iPad gamers who use the iPad Mini 2.

The future of the iPad Mini is somewhat assured because of its superior function as an affordable mobile gaming machine. The mobile games industry, of which Apple is the biggest beneficiary, is now a $30 billion/year industry where the iPhone, iPod Touch, iPad, and iPad Mini serve important roles.

The cheaper iPad also helps Apple's app store get more downloads/sales from emerging markets like India and Vietnam. India delivered more than 60% Q/Q growth in revenue and downloads for the iPad.

The iPad Mini Could Thrive In The Enterprise Market

Another strong reason why I believe Apple will not discontinue the iPad Mini is that it could thrive in the enterprise market. Adding a stylus to the upcoming iPad Mini 4 makes it a serious rival to Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Surface 3 and Samsung's (OTC:SSNLF) Galaxy Note.

Apple can market a stylus-equipped lower-ASP iPad Mini to small business enterprises. The education and government sectors are also viable markets for a budget-friendly iPad Mini that has the stylus advantage similar to that of the Surface 3 and Galaxy Note.

Apple joined the bandwagon for phablets last year with the release of the iPhone 6. It is high time for Apple to also join the new bandwagon for stylus-toting tablets. Other top-selling Windows and Android tablet makers have joined the stylus/tablet bandwagon after they saw the multi-million unit sales of the Galaxy Note series.

The rumor of a stylus-toting 12.9-inch iPad Pro compels me to believe that Apple will eventually sell its own stylus-enabled tablet soon. I am sure that Apple will also find it logical to also equip its lower-ASP and smaller iOS tablets with a stylus.

I only hope that Apple will create a more elongated 7-inch design of the iPad Mini so corporate users with small hands can grip it more comfortably.

Conclusion

Sticking exclusively to higher-margin iPhones and iPads might not be the best option for Apple. The iPad Mini is important to Apple's revenue stream because of its contribution to app store purchases in mature and emerging markets. The iPad Mini 2 also has the potential to compete with the Galaxy Note and Surface 3 in the enterprise market.

Bulk orders of the $399 iPad Mini from corporate buyers is obviously more compelling than a single-order of a $599 iPad Air 2. Furthermore, unless Apple releases a $299-$399 six-inch iPhone with decent specs, the iPad Mini will remain relevant for many years to come. The substantial numbers of Apple's global customers that can only afford the iPad Mini (and the iPod Touch) is worthy of continuing attention.

Developing and selling lower-ASP iPads also increase the total addressable market for Apple's iAd, streaming music, and upcoming video streaming businesses.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL, MSFT.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. 
2015-05-26
Why Carl Icahn's $240 Apple, Inc. Price Target Is Way Too Aggressive Last week, Carl Icahn released yet another open letter to Apple, (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook, applauding his work, calling for additional share buybacks, and setting a sky-high valuation estimate. This time, Icahn claims that Apple stock is worth $240.

That's more than 80% above Apple's recent trading price, and it's more than four times the low point Apple stock hit just two years ago.

However, this valuation estimate depends upon unrealistic projections of Apple's future growth, as well as aggressive accounting. Apple stock still has plenty of upside, but it isn't worth $240, and investors shouldn't expect to see it hit that level anytime soon.

Roses all around

Throughout his open letter, Icahn claims that he's being conservative. But Icahn's projections of Apple's growth are far from conservative -- with the exception of his forecast for iPhone revenue growth of just 2.3% in FY16 and 6.7% in FY17.

For example, Icahn writes confidently that Apple will start selling its own branded TV next year and an "Apple Car" by 2020. In doing so, he is merely regurgitating rumors that have already made the rounds long ago.

The idea that Apple would make a television set has a particularly long history. Noted Apple analyst Gene Munster has been touting the imminent arrival of an Apple-branded TV almost continuously since 2009. Yet while Apple had been working on a TV, it shelved the project more than a year ago, according to a recent Wall Street Journal report.

Munster accepted the apparent reality: that he was wrong. Thus far, Icahn has refused to do the same. And he has big hopes for Apple's (probably nonexistent) TV: sales of 25 million units by FY17 (its first full year on the market) at an average selling price of $1,500. That would yield $37.5 billion in revenue -- more annual revenue than any non-iPhone product category has ever achieved.

But that's not the only product that Icahn sees flying off the shelves. He expects Apple Watch to reach 10 million unit sales by the end of the current fiscal year (with less than six months of availability) at an average selling price of $600.

While this estimate seems very plausible, Icahn expects Apple Watch revenue to soar to $45 billion by FY17: its second full year on the market.

Thus, Icahn is counting on a product that just hit the market -- to mixed reviews, no less -- and one that may not even exist to be two of Apple's three largest product lines in just two years. Is it possible? Perhaps. But it's certainly not conservative, and it's not a solid foundation for financial projections.

As for the supposed Apple Car, that product is even more speculative. While there have been lots of rumors about Apple entering the car business, that's no different than the many rumors about Apple entering the TV business, which appear to have come to nothing. Apple may be investigating the auto market, but that doesn't mean it will follow through by building a car.

Aggressive accounting

Icahn compounds his rosy growth forecasts for Apple's non-iPhone product lines by using some creative accounting to juice Apple's earnings.

Icahn has repeatedly insisted that Apple's earnings should be modeled as if it has a 20% tax rate, even though the company usually reports an effective tax rate around 26% and the U.S. statutory corporate tax rate is 35%. His justification is that 20% approximates Apple's "cash" tax rate because it accrues (but does not pay) repatriation taxes on some of its foreign earnings.

However, Apple's untaxed foreign earnings are stuck outside of the U.S., and they will stay abroad unless Apple is willing to pay repatriation taxes of up to 35%. To continue paying its dividend and buying back stock -- let alone ramping up its buybacks, as Icahn wants -- Apple will have to issue more and more debt or bring home (and pay taxes on) foreign cash.

For now, Apple can continue down the debt path as its absolute debt burden remains very manageable and interest rates are near historic lows. But as Apple's debt burden grows and interest rates rise, it will become less and less feasible for Apple to minimize its tax burden in this manner.

Thus, in the long run Apple will have to pay the full 35% tax rate if it wants to use any of its international earnings. Icahn's calculations could thus be exaggerating Apple's "true" earnings by more than 20% just through his aggressive tax assumption.

Of course, it's possible that the U.S. will eventually reduce its corporate tax rate. But unless it also moves to a "territorial" system where foreign earnings are never taxed, a tax code change would benefit virtually all companies, not just Apple.

Optimism run wild

There are plenty of reasons to like Apple, both as a company and as a stock. However, for Apple to be worth $240, as Carl Icahn claims, a lot of things need to go right.

Demand for the Apple Watch will have to soar over the next two years. Apple needs to introduce a TV and a car -- and both products need to be incredibly successful. And in the meantime, Apple can't cannibalize any of its major present-day product lines, which include the iPhone, iPad, and Mac. Even if this all goes according to plan, Icahn relies on some aggressive tax accounting to justify his $240 fair value estimate.

All of this makes Icahn's estimate seem much more like a best case scenario than a conservative fair value estimate. Apple stock could be worth $240 if everything goes right. But there are a lot of ways that Apple could fall short of Icahn's lofty expectations, justifying a significantly lower valuation. Will Intel Corporation's Skylake Allow Apple Inc. to Cut the Discrete GPU Out ... The vast majority of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) MacBooks use Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) integrated graphics. Only the highest-end, built-to-order configurations of Apple's 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro use standalone graphics, and even then, those GPUs are fairly low-end models.

The question I'd like to explore is whether, with Intel's next-generation Skylake processors, Apple will be able to completely cut discrete GPUs from its 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro lineup and use integrated graphics in all of its MacBooks.

Where are we today?

The latest 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro can be configured with a Radeon R9 M370X graphics chip. According to AnandTech, this is essentially a variant of the older R9 M270X graphics chip. A quick check of the database at GFXBench, a popular 3D graphics performance test, shows that in the Manhattan subtest, the R9 M270X averages 104.2 frames per second (higher is better). In the T-Rex subtest, the R9 M270X scores 224.8 frames per second.

Note that these are all "off-screen" results, so all results are at comparable resolutions.

The GFXBench database also has results for Intel's latest Iris Pro graphics processor. The Iris Pro achieves 66.6 frames per second and 155.8 frames per second in these subtests, respectively. That means the R9 M270X is between 44.3% and 56.5% faster than the current-generation Iris Pro GPU.

Skylake GT4e should be able to close that gap

I strongly believe that Apple will skip over the Broadwell Iris Pro chip for its next MacBook and go straight to Skylake. In going from the Haswell Iris Pro to the Broadwell Iris Pro, Intel increases the graphics "core" count from 40 to 48 (a 20% boost) and also enhances the underlying GPU architecture.

With Skylake, Intel plans to move to a new graphics architecture and will upgrade the GPU in the Skylake Iris Pro to include 72 next-generation GPU cores, up from 48 in Broadwell. According to a recent leaked Intel slide (by way of Guru3D), the Skylake Iris Pro should deliver "up to 50% better 3D gaming" relative to the Broadwell Iris Pro.

We don't know how much faster the Broadwell Iris Pro is expected to be relative to the Haswell part. However, Intel claims that in 3D graphics, the 24 "core" GT2 graphics in the 15 watt Broadwell-U parts is "up to 22% faster" than the 20 "core" GT2 graphics found in the 15-watt Haswell-U parts.

If we play it conservatively and assume a 15% performance increase in going from Haswell Iris Pro to Broadwell Iris Pro, then this would imply that Skylake Iris Pro is "up to" 72.5% faster than Haswell Iris Pro. If these GFXBench results are representative, then I could see the Skylake Iris Pro model as adequate to allow Apple to eliminate the discrete GPU 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro option.

What would be the benefit to Apple?

Apple of course could use the GT4e Skylake model to significantly improve the "baseline" 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro model and still offer a higher-end discrete GPU option for those willing to pay extra.

Another course of action that Apple could pursue, though, is to take advantage of the board area and power consumption savings that come with moving to integrated graphics and make a thinner, lighter system.

One flaw that I see with this potential strategy is that Apple would need to find other ways to drive upsell from the $1,999 model to the $2,499 model. It's not clear to me what Apple would do in this case, as there are seemingly a good number of folks who are willing to pay a substantial premium for the peace of mind that comes with a more powerful standalone graphics processor.

It probably won't be too long until we find out

Recent leaks suggest that Intel will launch its Skylake-H chips suitable for the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro in the September timeframe. If true, then I don't think we'll need to wait too much longer to see whether Apple will keep offering standalone graphics options for its top-end 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro going forward. Mac Segment Updates Will Lift Apple Sales  
2015-09-14
Apple Inc. and other stocks to own when the Fed hikes rates: Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs economists may not expect the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates until December, but the bank s equity strategists are already preparing clients for the first hike in nearly a decade.

In a note published late last week, David Kostin and team laid out the stocks you want to own and avoid when interest rates rise.

In general, the team found that so called  quality  stocks, or those with strong balance sheets, are the outperformers in the three months after an initial rate hike. Following the first rate hikes in 1994, 1999, and 2004, companies boasting stronger balance sheets outperformed by five percent, on average.

Here s a look at some of the stocks that Goldman recommends in its  High Quality Stock basket. 

Dollar Tree

Pepsi

Kinder Morgan

BlackRock

Google

Apple

Priceline

Oracle

Wells Fargo

In terms of stocks to avoid, Kostin and co. say it s companies with lots of floating-rate debt, since their financing costs are likely to increase once the Fed finally moves away from zero bounds interest rates.

When the tightening cycle finally starts, the immediate impact will be felt by firms with high proportions of variable rate borrowing. Stocks with high floating rate debt as a share of total debt outstanding with Sell ratings by Goldman Sachs equity research analysts include CL (Colgate-Palmolive), COL (Rockwell Collins), and JNJ (Johnson & Johnson).

Related

In fact, over the past year, Goldman says that when looking at its list of 50 firms spanning each sector in the S&P 500 with the highest share of floating-rate debt, you ll find that the group has lagged the GS Financial Conditions index by 300 basis points as the firms struggle to keep up with higher interest rates.

So which companies have the highest share of floating rate debt?

Here are some of the most notable names from Goldman s list.

Apple

eBay

MetLife

Coca-Cola

General Mills

Ford

McDonalds

General Motors

Time Warner

Chevron

Allergan

Johnson & Johnson

Monsanto

You ll notice that there are a couple of firms that made their way on to both lists, such as Apple.

As David Schawel, portfolio manager at Square 1 Bank, points out, it s certainly possible for a firm to have a strong balance sheet as well as a higher amount of floating-rate debt.  A company could have a terrible balance sheet and have floating debt, or could be swimming in cash like Apple and have it too,  he said. Apple TV streaming service still to come and could cost $40 a month Apple Inc. s latest iteration of Apple TV unveiled last week did not include a streaming service, but analysts at J.P. Morgan are confident one is coming.

In a note Monday, J.P. Morgan analyst Rod Hall estimated the tech giant will launch a service priced at $40 a month, a sum he described as conservative given Apple s AAPL, -0.53% potential compared with rival services.

Also see: Apple TV needs Angry Birds-like app to be successful gaming platform

 We believe Apple could easily charge more or construct channel bundles to end up costing the average consumer more,  Hall wrote.  We believe our estimates are only a ballpark given the myriad possible TV package options and markups that Apple could encounter. 

Here s his idea of how pricing for some content providers could look on Apple TV:

Estimated content prices for cable companies vs. Apple Channel Estimated price for cable providers Estimated price for Apple TV Owner ESPN $6.61 $8.26 Disney CBS $2.50 $3.13 CBS NBC $2.50 $3.13 Comcast Fox $2.50 $3.13 Fox ABC $2.00 $2.50 Disney TNT $1.65 $2.06 Time Warner Disney Channel $1.34 $1.67 Disney NFL Network $1.31 $1.64 NFL HBO Now

(offered separately) $12.00 $14.99 Time Warner J.P. Morgan estimates

J.P. Morgan s list includes 27 cable networks such as Viacom Inc. s VIAB, -1.29% Comedy Central and AMC Networks Inc. AMCX, -0.53% The cost per subscriber is $37.85 for all 27 channels. Add on Time Warner Inc. s TWX, -0.50% HBO Now and the price jumps to $52.84.

Hall based the list and pricing on Dish Network Corp. s DISH, -2.52% Sling TV, adding broadcast content he believes people would want to completely cut the cord on their cable service. The 25% markup for Apple is simply an assumption, Hall wrote.

 We assume that Apple will pay a 25% markup to content owners over what they normally get from cable providers such as Comcast CMCSA, -0.40% though this is only our best guess,  Hall wrote.

Before Apple s Sept. 9 product event, rumors swirled that the tech giant was in talks with content owners to devise a strategy for entering the over-the-top, or online streaming market. Hall said he expects those talks to continue into 2016, and he expects Apple may give an update on its plans early next year.

Read also: Apple says  future of TV  is apps, but what about original content?

Hall is forecasting shipments of the new Apple TV, priced at $149 and $199, to reach 24 million units in 2016, up from the 10 million units this year, and said that would result in a 2.1% upside in per-share earnings. But Hall believes that an eventual Apple streaming service would add another 1.3% to earnings. 
2015-06-13
Why Apple Inc.'s Newest Feature is Exclusive to Its Best iPad Fellow Fool Evan Niu recently wrote up his (excellent, as usual) take on Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) latest announcements at the company's annual World Wide Developers Conference. In particular, Evan talked about how Apple is bringing split-screen multitasking -- which Apple dubs Split View -- to the iPad Air 2.

"Some will say that move is merely an attempt to sell more of the latest and greatest [iPad] models. Others will argue that there are probably some technical reasons that only the Air 2 supports Split View," Evan writes.

He finally goes on to point out that the answer is very likely "both," citing the Air 2's dramatically faster CPU and graphics performance. I agree with Evan, and would like to dig a bit deeper into both of these reasons.

Of course Apple wants to sell you more iPads

Apple is in the business of selling iPhones, iPads, and Macs, and so it shouldn't be a surprise to anybody that the company would like to give users any and all reasons to upgrade to the latest iPads. Apple has been innovating on the hardware side of things for a while, and despite some pretty solid upgrades with the iPad Air 2, iPad sales have still been on the decline.

One popular explanation is that users are simply holding on to their current iPads for quite a while, meaning that upgrade cycles are relatively long. Apple CEO Tim Cook said on the company's first-quarter call that he believes that the upgrade cycle is somewhere between that of a smartphone and a PC.

To persuade people to upgrade, new and improved hardware is helpful. However, to most customers, fast new processors and more memory probably aren't convincing enough selling points in and of themselves. That hardware needs to enable fundamentally new and useful functionality.

Do you really need an iPad Air 2 for Split View?

I would argue that Split View (in addition to the other multitasking features that Apple is bringing to iOS 9 for iPad) is an example of a "fundamentally new and useful" capability. The question, then, is whether this feature really requires an iPad Air 2.

I wouldn't be surprised if, for things to work smoothly and without performance issues, the hardware of the iPad Air 2 is required.

For one thing, Split View allows the user to have two totally separate apps active at one time. This means that both of those applications will need access to enough memory and CPU cycles to remain snappy. The iPad Air 2 features 2 gigabytes of memory, while older iPads have anywhere from 512 megabytes of memory (iPad 2) to 1 gigabyte (iPad 3 to iPad Air).

The older iPads may simply not have enough memory to support two potentially large applications running at the same time without performance and/or stability issues.

Additionally, the iPad Air 2 features a triple-core processor, and each core is quite powerful. The iPad 2 and 3 have relatively slow dual-core Cortex A9 processors from ARM Holdings (NASDAQ:ARMH) that might not be able to withstand the load of two intensive applications.

The iPad 4 has dual Apple "Swift" cores that are reasonably fast, and the first iPad Air has dual "Cyclone" cores that are faster still, and maybe these iPads might have had the CPU grunt to support Split View without a hitch. However, I'd say the limited memory on these iPads may have proved a hindrance, making this speculation irrelevant.

Apple needs to keep adding new features

Apple's job with the iPad is to keep adding useful new features that take full advantage of what brand-new, next-generation hardware has to offer. If Apple can continue to do so, then it might be able to shorten iPad upgrade cycles a bit, which could help the company's iPad business over the long term. When Will Apple, Inc. Bring Touch ID to The Mac? Launched in 2013, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 5s had an obvious headline selling feature: Touch ID. Of course, the new fingerprint recognition sensor was built using the technology that Apple received when it acquired AuthenTec in 2012, as if it wasn't obvious enough then what the Mac maker's plans were. Naturally, Touch ID made its way into last year's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus along with the iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3.

As is often the case, once Apple pioneers or embraces an innovative new technology, it likes to proliferate that technology throughout its product portfolio. This has been true for things like high-resolution Retina displays, and it seems to be what will happen with Force Touch.

That leads us to an inevitable question: when will the Mac get Touch ID?

It could be different this time around

By no means would Apple be the first computer manufacturer to integrate a fingerprint sensor directly into a computer. Other PC makers tried doing exactly that over a decade ago, but where they fell short was the execution. And it's not as if commoditized PC makers with razor-thin margins and no direct control over the underlying operating system are going to put all that much effort into creating a compelling solution.

That's why if Apple implements Touch ID in the Mac, it will be different than previous attempts. Apple is the only company that has all of the pieces of the puzzle (as well as the sway) and can truly put together an end-to-end solution. Touch ID's recognition performance is significantly more advanced than the old-school infrared or swipe-based sensors.

All of the benefits that Apple has already marketed for iOS would be immediately appreciated on the desktop, including things like unlocking your Mac with Touch ID (there are third-party applications that currently offer this functionality) or logging into a website. But those minor conveniences pale in comparison to one way that Touch ID on the Mac could be truly revolutionary: e-commerce.

The real game changer: Apple Pay

As obvious as it was that Apple was going to integrate a fingerprint sensor into the iPhone, it was equally obvious that the biometric security would be perfect for a mobile payments service. Now that Apple Pay has launched and uses Touch ID for authentication, mobile payments are here to stay. But beyond contactless transactions at retail stores, Apple Pay has a whole other side that's waiting to be tapped. The service can be used for in-app purchases made through the App Store, but it's not a stretch of the imagination to apply this same thinking to broader e-commerce taking place on PCs.

Imagine going to Amazon.com (which already supports Touch ID for purchasing in its mobile app), picking out an item and instead of having to login or input any other payment information, you just place your finger on a Touch ID sensor built into your Mac. Sure, Amazon already makes it plenty easy to impulse buy, but there are plenty of other e-commerce sites that could benefit from a more seamless consumer experience. Consider the fact that Apple Pay VP Jennifer Baily recently noted that app developers are seeing a 2x conversion rate with in-app purchases made through Apple Pay.

That's an incredible improvement. The conversion rate on a PC likely wouldn't benefit as much since the hurdles to purchasing on a PC aren't nearly as high as they are on mobile devices (who wants to input all that information on such a small screen while they're on the go?), but it would undoubtedly jump.

What's missing?

Naturally, there are design and hardware considerations that Apple is likely thinking about. Designing Touch ID into a Mac will need to keep with the same minimalist aesthetic, but that's all Jony Ive's department. It would be quite simple for Apple to build Touch ID support into OS X. Then it would need to create an open framework that websites could use to tap into the protocol, which is probably the biggest technical challenge. Apps found in the Mac App store could potentially integrate a Touch ID application programming interface (API) relatively easy, but the broader web wouldn't be so easy.

The good news is that Apple isn't the only one trying to kill the password. The Fast IDentity Online (FIDO) Alliance has set out to do just that, and counts most of the major tech players as members.

How would Apple benefit?

If all of this one day becomes a reality, there are several ways that Apple would reap the rewards.

First, it could demand a small cut of the action, much like the 0.15% of transactions that it enjoys with Apple Pay. If Apple Pay on the Mac with Touch ID can really boost purchase conversions, it would be well worth it from the merchants' perspective. Second, there would be a necessary upgrade cycle for Mac users to get their hands on the hardware. This would take quite some time considering the longer (and elongating) PC upgrade cycle. Third, if Apple is the only company offering this type of experience, it can engender even greater customer loyalty through continued differentiation. Fourth, it just sounds like an awesome user experience, which Apple is rather keen on.

It may not be anytime soon, but one of these days I think Apple Pay on the Mac with Touch ID will become a reality. It seems like just a matter of time. 
2015-07-27
Apple, Inc.'s Tech Peers Back Samsung in the Patent Wars Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) dropped all patent litigation against each other outside the U.S. last August, but their battle in the U.S. goes on.

In 2012, Apple won a landmark victory over Samsung in the U.S., which required Samsung to pay $1.05 billion for violating six patents. Subsequent appeals reduced that figure, mainly on the basis that "aesthetic" design elements (like the shape of the case or of app icons) shouldn't count as violations.

But the courts upheld the decision to award Apple damages based on the full value of the iPhone, requiring Samsung to give all of the profits from sales of infringing Galaxy products to Apple. That decision, in the court's view, would reimburse Apple for the profit it lost to sales of infringing Galaxy devices.

In June, Samsung filed a plea to reduce or eliminate that charge completely, arguing that upholding the ruling would "invite overprotection and overcompensation of design patents" and lead to "an explosion of design patent assertions and lawsuits."

Surprisingly, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY), Dell, and Hewlett-Packard (NYSE:HPQ) all supported Samsung in a "friend of the court" brief with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. What prompted this united move against Apple, and does this swing the patent pendulum back in Samsung's favor?

The four-year battle

Samsung has always been one of Apple's largest suppliers. By 2010, Apple was paying Samsung $6 billion per year for components. But that same year, Samsung launched its first Galaxy S smartphone, which closely resembled Apple's iPhone 3GS, which arrived a year earlier. Apple sued Samsung in 2011 for copying its iPhone designs. Samsung countersued, claiming Apple used its wireless networking technologies without its permission.

The relationship between Apple and Samsung warmed up again after overseas litigation was dropped, and Samsung agreed to provide displays, application processors, storage devices, and other components for new Apple devices. But the unresolved payment issue in the U.S. has cast a shadow over that relationship.

The "ripple effect"

At first glance, Google, Facebook, eBay, HP, and Dell's support for Samsung might not make sense. Google owns Android, but it no longer manufactures any smartphones or tablets. Facebook is more interested in displaying ads on phones than making them, and eBay's mobile interests only go as far as its mobile app. HP and Dell have barely made an impact with their poorly received smartphones.

But these companies are concerned that "minor" patent infringement claims could expose them to similar lawsuits. The companies state that if the ruling against Samsung stands, the manufacturer of a smart TV could be forced to pay the total profit on the entire TV in damages if just a single component violated another company's patents.

In Silicon Valley, where tech companies horde thousands of patents, that could result in a massive escalation of patent litigation. For example, a company could sue eBay, Google, and Facebook for huge sums based on a single component of their websites, or similarly sue Dell and HP for just one part of their PCs. Therefore, the five companies warned that letting the charges stand would "have a devastating impact on companies" that "spend billions of dollars annually on research and development for complex technologies."

The waiting game

Half a billion dollars certainly isn't much for Samsung, which generated $180 billion in revenue last year. But agreeing to pay Apple would expose its Galaxy smartphones, Gear smartwatches, smart TVs, and other products to similar litigation.

That's why Samsung is dragging this case out for as long as possible. Samsung did the same thing to Microsoft, which sued it for refusing to pay royalties on its Android patents last year. Samsung countersued, claiming that Microsoft's acquisition of Nokia's handset division nullified that agreement. The two companies eventually reached a settlement for undisclosed terms. Samsung subsequently agreed to preinstall Microsoft apps on its phones, presumably as part of that settlement.

In my opinion, Samsung might want to strike a similar deal with Apple. After all, the two companies have already dropped these lawsuits overseas, and are working closely together in the production of Apple's next-gen devices. Gaining the support of Silicon Valley's top companies was a smart move by Samsung, but it's unclear if it will force Apple to change its tune. Apple, Goldman Among Firms in $140 Billion Climate Pledge A pedestrian carries a shopping bag as she passes a giant Apple Inc. logo outside a new Apple store, still under development, on Princess Street in Edinburgh, U.K., on Wednesday, Sept. 17, 2014.

Executives from 13 major U.S. corporations announced at least $140 billion in new investments to decrease their carbon footprints as part of a White House initiative to recruit private commitments ahead of a United Nations climate-change summit later this year in Paris.

Companies including Apple Inc., Berkshire Hathaway Energy Co., and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. joined Secretary of State John Kerry and top administration officials at the White House Monday for the announcement. In addition to pledges to cut emissions, provide financing to environmentally focused companies, and reduce water consumption, the companies have said they will produce 1,600 megawatts of new, renewable energy -- enough to power almost 1.3 million homes. The White House said it expects to announce a second round of pledges later this fall from additional companies.

 We hope this is the beginning of a substantial mobilization effort,  Brian Deese, a senior adviser to the president, said on a conference call with reporters.

The commitments are being announced as President Barack Obama is working to build momentum toward a legacy-defining global climate accord in Paris. In addition to company-specific commitments, the corporate leaders on Monday signaled their support for a strong climate agreement out of the United Nations talks. The administration is using the pledges to set an example for companies to find ways to eliminate carbon emissions.

Climate Talks

U.S. companies stepping up to cut the climate impact of their operations  will help continue to build momentum toward that outcome,  Deese said.

The administration s actions are pushing the issue into the 2016 presidential debate. Hillary Clinton, the front-runner for the Democratic nomination, released an energy strategy saying she would both defend and go beyond Obama s efforts. Republican candidates have criticized the administration s initiatives as costly to the economy and unnecessary.

White House officials said Monday they hadn t yet had time to review Clinton s proposal, but said the administration was broadly supportive of efforts to encourage companies to reduce emissions.

Among the pledges, aluminum manufacturer Alcoa Inc. has agreed to reduce emissions by 50 percent from its 2005 levels, while agricultural giant Cargill Inc. says 18 percent of its total energy use will come from renewable sources.

Demonstrating Support

Kevin McKnight, the chief sustainability officer for Alcoa, said the move was about  demonstrating the American business community s support  for the climate accord in Paris. The international agreement could help  level the playing field  for American manufacturers by requiring companies across the world to adopt more sustainable practices, he said.

Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily.

Coca-Cola Co. said it will drive down the carbon footprint of its beverage production by 25 percent over the next five years, while Google Inc. says it plans to triple its purchases of renewable energy over the next decade. Berkshire Hathaway says it plans to invest up to an additional $15 billion in the construction and operation of renewable energy generators, while Bank of America Corp. says it will increase its environmental business initiative by $75 billion over the next decade, according to the White House

Other participating firms include Wal-Mart Stores Inc, United Parcel Service Inc., PepsiCo Inc., Microsoft Corp. and General Motors Co.

EPA Regulations

The corporate commitments won t be the administration s only major climate announcement in the next few weeks. The Environmental Protection Agency is set to present final regulations intended to reduce carbon emissions from power plants by 30 percent from 2005 levels by 2030 later this week.

Officials from companies participating in the White House s pledge wouldn t say if they planned to lobby skeptical Republicans in Congress to support the rule -- or ask business-centric organizations such as the Chamber of Commerce to drop their opposition.

 Those organizations are very broad organizations and their constituencies are very broad,  McKnight of Alcoa said.

While visiting Kenya over the weekend, Obama repeatedly praised the country for its efforts to address climate change, saying its effort to curb emissions  has put it in the position of being a leader on the continent.  Next month, the president will travel to Alaska for an international summit on Arctic climate issues. 
2015-08-07
2 Simple Charts That Explain All of Apple, Inc.'s Growth On Apple's conference call, CEO Tim Cook made a compelling case that this trend represents a fundamental shift in Apple's revenue composition, one that will continue in the coming years. Cook cited data including an analysis from McKinsey & Co. claiming that middle-class households will rise from a mere 12% of all Chinese households in 2012 to 54% by 2022.

This figure alone implies that several hundred million people will enter the Chinese consumer class over this single 10-year period. And given Apple's brand status relative to an increasingly commoditized field of Android competitors (see Samsung's disappointing earnings for further evidence), Apple indeed appears ideally positioned to capitalize on this unique opportunity. However, given a number of potential economic flashpoints emerging of late, Apple's growing dependence on China also carries important short-term risks for investors.

As China goes, so goes Apple

China's growth over the past several decades has been nothing short of astounding. However, mounting evidence suggests the country could face issues maintaining its more recent debt-fueled growth, a risk that could clearly adversely impact Apple shares in the near term.

According to McKinsey Global Institute, China's total debt -- including government, personal, and corporate debt -- soared in the wake of the global financial crisis from 158% of GDP in 2007 to 282% of output in Q2 2014. This puts China's total debt-to-GDP in line with more developed peers like South Korea (286%), Australia (274%), and the U.S. (269%), although it bears noting that additional borrowing may have further exacerbated this figure in the intermittent quarters.

More alarming perhaps is that the overwhelming majority of the borrowing glut in recent years occurred within China's financial and corporate sectors. On one hand, this borrowing surge presents little cause for concern if the projects funded by this fresh debt prove viable. On the other hand, even for a country of China's truly mammoth economic potential, observers could take an understandably skeptical view that not all of the recent borrowing binge went to support productive investment.

Toward the end of Apple's recent conference call, Tim Cook said that Apple saw no signs of a deteriorating economy in China during its most recent quarter. Quite the opposite: Apple plans to expand its store count in China from 22 to 40 by the middle of 2016.

This increased exposure to the Chinese consumer will bring with it increased sensitivity to Chinese growth within Apple's overall operating results. Long-term, having more of China's 1.35 billion people entering the modern economy should certainly benefit Apple. However, with recent signs of trouble beneath the surface, possible near-term headwinds could adversely affect Apple's growth narrative.

Remember, lower-than-expected iPhone sales in the company's fiscal third-quarter report largely triggered Apple's recent sell-off. If China falters, and Apple's iPhone upgrade story disappoints investors, another sell-off could easily erase more of Apple stock's gains. For long-term investors, this could create a possible buying opportunity. Either way, its increasing link with China has evolved into perhaps the most crucial storyline for Apple investors to watch throughout the remainder of the year. Apple Inc. fuses its online store with Apple.com Apple made a big change to its online presence on Thursday, making it more user-friendly. It is an integration of the company s two major sites: the online store and the official website.

Not much has been changed

The appearance of the websites is still the same, but a major change noticed is if a buyer clicks on a product s  Buy  button. Rather than being redirected to  store.apple.com,  the selected product will get added to a virtual shopping bag.

 We redesigned Apple.com knowing that our customers want to explore, research and shop in one place,  an Apple spokesperson told TechCrunch.

On the redesigned Apple.com, the landing page of every product comes with a navigation bar that has a new shopping bag icon located on the right. A drop-down menu is invoked by clicking on it, and it comes with links to the user s  bag,  favorite items, orders, and account information and an option to log out. For several years, this place was owned by the link to Apple s Store.

For Apple, its three major product lines are the iPad, iPhone and Mac. The purchase pages for all these products have not been changed much and are similar to what they used to be on the Online Apple Store. Accessories for all the products are displayed in the form of a grid, and all of those lead to separate  Buy Now  pages with the help of available links. An  Add to Bag  graphic has replaced the old  Buy  button in both cases.

Redesigned Apple.com makes shopping easier

Now it will be much easier for customers to shop on the company s website as they no longer need to deal with two separate sites   Apple.com and the Online Apple Store   navigating from one to the other. The landing pages for each and every individual product have also been revamped to give more information about the product. Information regarding the model, the accessories available for it and comparison pages with the different models of a particular product are available on top of the page in the form of sub menus.

Another significant and noticeable change is the revamp of Search. It now comes with links that quickly lead to the desired page and queries for four major categories   Explore, Accessories, Support and Apple Stores. Another death in Apple's 'Mordor'   its Foxconn Chinese assembly plant A worker at Apple's iPhone manufacturing plant in Zhengzhou, visited by CEO Tim Cook just a few months ago, has been found dead, reigniting concerns over how the iGiant's Chinese outsourcer Foxconn treats its employees.

Foxconn, dubbed Mordor by Apple engineers, said in a statement that it was cooperating with the authorities over the circumstances of the 28-year-old male employee's death. He was found outside a building on its campus in central China earlier this week.

While Foxconn did not state the cause, New York-based non-profit China Labor Watch has said it was suicide   the worker jumped to his death from a building   reflecting a number of other similar incidents in the past few years.

The factory in question was visited by Apple CEO Tim Cook in October last year where he posed for pictures and praised the "talented people" there who have helped build the latest iPhone model, the iPhone 6.

In 2010, no fewer than six Foxconn employees killed themselves and two others attempted suicide, reportedly over working conditions. One leapt to his death after allegedly being roughed up by Foxconn security in their search for a misplaced Apple iPhone 4G prototype.

In January 2012, a group of workers at a Foxconn factory in Wuhan threatened to jump off the roof of the factory after bosses went back on an offer to provide one month's wages as severance pay. That factory made parts for Microsoft's Xbox gaming console.

In December 2013, Apple sent medical experts to a Chinese factory run by another manufacturer   Pegatron, which builds the company's iPhones   after a teenaged boy died from pneumonia. That death again raised concerns over the sweatshop-style working conditions (Apple's team concluded the conditions were not to blame).

And in spring 2013, three workers from the same factory as the most recent death committed suicide in just three weeks, according to China Labor Watch. Those deaths were reportedly in response to a new workplace policy of not allowing any talking on the job or risk being faced with immediate dismissal.

Foxconn is one of the world's largest contract manufacturers and has a workforce of over one million people in China. In response to the deaths and poor conditions, the company raised its wages in 2010, and opened itself up to audits of its conditions in 2012. It also says it has introduced suicide-prevention programs at its factories.

With a workforce that size   the equivalent of a big Western city   suicides are bound to happen, statistically speaking.

But this isn't a city, it's a multibillion-dollar company, and employees aren't statistics. Concerns exist over conditions, including safety, overtime, and a lack of unions to look out for the workers' best interests.   
2015-12-29
Ignore Worries About Apple, Inc.'s iPhone Sales Some investors are concerned Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone sales may be lower than the year-ago quarter when the company reports results for the final quarter of the calendar year, or its first fiscal quarter of 2016. With iPhones accounting for about 63% of revenue, a decline in iPhone sales would make revenue growth difficult, if not impossible. But as an Apple investor myself, I'm not concerned about a year-over-year decline.

Here's why investors should give little weight to a year-over-year decline in iPhone sales if it does occur.

The beginning of a decline?

Ahead of Apple's most recent quarterly earnings release, I explained why I would be watching its guidance. To sum up the article, Apple's guidance would provide a preview of its expectations for its most important quarter of the year, as well as indicate whether the company could outdo its monstrous first fiscal quarter of 2015.

So, how was Apple's guidance for the holiday quarter? The tech giant said it expected first-quarter revenue for fiscal 2016 to rise about 2.5% from the year-ago quarter. Not bad when the company is up against the year-over-year revenue growth achieved in Apple's first fiscal quarter of 2015 of 30%; when a company has more than $200 billion in annual revenue, this sort of growth in the year-ago quarter makes for an incredibly tough comparison.

But this guidance for year-over-year growth may not be convincing enough for some investors. Some analysts and investors may be concerned that either Apple will not live up to its guidance or that this relatively paltry growth signals the peak for its stock.

Rest easy

Fortunately, however, valuation has leveled the playing field. Apple's price-to-earnings ratio of 11.6 has basically baked in expectations for slowing revenue growth. Indeed, given the size of its repurchase program and considering management's excellent stewardship with this program so far, revenue could arguably decline from here and investors could still see earnings per share continue upward meaningfully enough to give merit to today's stock price.

Consider the impact of Apple's share repurchase program on its most recent quarter. Net profit was up 30.5% from the year-ago quarter and EPS was up 38%. While the company's higher gross margin in its most recent quarter drove some of this outsized gain in EPS, it was mostly due to its rapidly falling share count as it bought back its shares in droves.

Furthermore, investors should keep in mind that this is just a single quarter. Each quarter should be put into perspective with a broader context and viewed as a single piece of a larger puzzle -- especially quarters for a company like Apple. In the near term, Apple's results are expected to be volatile. As a product company with an extremely focused lineup, there are going to be years where growth is difficult.

And for those who insist on taking a closer look, the best data investors have at the moment is the company's guidance, which suggests management still expects growth. So, all curious investors can do, for now, is wait.

At the end of the day, even if a slight decline in Apple's revenue begins to materialize in the near term, the stock's valuation, the company's pricing power, management's excellent capital stewardship, and Apple's track record of attracting and retaining a loyal customer base should soothe any worries for investors with the only sensible time horizon: the long term. Apple Leads Brian White's 2016 Hot Stock List With $200 Price Target Shares of Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL), Hortonworks Inc (NASDAQ: HDP), Tableau Software Inc (NYSE: DATA) and Red Hat Inc (NYSE: RHT) have been volatile in 2015.

(NASDAQ: AAPL), (NASDAQ: HDP), (NYSE: DATA) and (NYSE: RHT) have been volatile in 2015. Drexel Hamilton s Brian J. White named the four Buy rated stocks as the top IT Hardware and Software picks for 2016.

While tech spending may remain relatively mute in 2016, secular technology trends like ramp up of mobile internet and aggressive investment in Big Data, will remain in full force, White noted.

Analyst Brian White expects tech spending to remain relatively mute in 2016. He added, however, that key secular technology trends could remain in full force.

The ramp of mobile internet and the build out of the Internet of Things, the growing importance of software and the shift of IT resources to the cloud, aggressive investments in Big Data platforms and the move toward open source software are likely to continue in 2016, White stated.

Apple

The price target of Apple is set at $200. White mentioned that Apple is the top mega-cap technology pick for 2016, given the expected launch of iPhone 7 in September 2016, the growing momentum in the wearable category with Apple Watch, a bigger push into Tier 3-5 cities in China and new iPhone opportunities in India.

The company is also expected to continue its policy of generous cash distribution to shareholders, the Drexel Hamilton report noted, adding that Apple s attractive valuation remains its key strength.

Hortonworks

The price target for Hortonworks is set at $44. White mentioned that Hortonworks is one of the fastest growing companies with a very attractive valuation relative to high growth tech firms.

 Hortonworks also represents one of the few pure plays on the Big Data movement, the only publicly-traded, independent Hadoop player and one of the few plays on the open source software movement,  the analyst wrote.

Red Hat

The price target for Red Hat is set at $98. The company s growth is expected to be driven by the open source software movement.

Red Hat s leading position in the enterprise Linux server OS market and the development of next generation applications around Linux are the biggest contributors to the company s financials, White noted, while adding that he expects the trend to continue in 2016.

 Moreover, growth in Red Hat s emerging businesses is opening up new areas of future growth,  the report stated.

Tableau Software

The price target for Tableau Software is set at $132. The company is a pioneer in visual analytics and is well positioned to benefit from the Big Data movement, White commented.

The company s tools are expected to become  must have tool  for information workers.  We estimate that if just 5-10% of Excel users eventually use Tableau, the market opportunity would be approximately $30-$60 billion,  White said.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Brian White Drexel HamiltonAnalyst Color Long Ideas Reiteration Top Stories Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-09-21
Apple Targets Electric-Car Shipping Date for 2019 Apple Inc. is accelerating efforts to build an electric car, designating it internally as a  committed project  and setting a target ship date for 2019, according to people familiar with the matter.

The go-ahead came after the company spent more than a year investigating the feasibility of an Apple-branded car, including meetings with two groups of government officials in California. Leaders of the project, code-named Titan , have... Apple Inc cleaning up iOS App Store after first major malware attack BOSTON   Apple Inc says it is cleaning up its iOS App Store to remove malicious iPhone and iPad programs identified in the first large-scale attack on the popular mobile software outlet.

The company disclosed the effort after several cyber security firms reported finding a malicious program dubbed XcodeGhost that was embedded in hundreds of legitimate apps.

It is the first reported case of large numbers of malicious software programs making their way past Apple s stringent app review process. Prior to this attack, only five malicious apps had ever been found in the App Store, according to cyber security firm Palo Alto Networks Inc.

Related

The hackers embedded the malicious code in these apps by convincing developers of legitimate software to use a tainted, counterfeit version of Apple s software for creating iOS and Mac apps, which is known as Xcode, Apple said.

 We ve removed the apps from the App Store that we know have been created with this counterfeit software,  Apple spokeswoman Christine Monaghan said in an email.  We are working with the developers to make sure they re using the proper version of Xcode to rebuild their apps. 

She did not say what steps iPhone and iPad users could take to determine whether their devices were infected.

Palo Alto Networks Director of Threat Intelligence Ryan Olson said the malware had limited functionality and his firm had uncovered no examples of data theft or other harm as a result of the attack.

Still, he said it was  a pretty big deal  because it showed that the App Store could be compromised if hackers infected machines of software developers writing legitimate apps. Other attackers may copy that approach, which is hard to defend against, he said.

 Developers are now a huge target,  he said.

Researchers said infected apps included Tencent Holdings Ltd s popular mobile chat app WeChat, car-hailing app Didi Kuaidi and a music app from Internet portal NetEase Inc.

The tainted version of Xcode was downloaded from a server in China that developers may have used because it allowed for faster downloads than using Apple s U.S. servers, Olson said.

Chinese security firm Qihoo360 Technology Co said on its blog that it had uncovered 344 apps tainted with XcodeGhost.

Tencent said on its official WeChat blog that the security flaw affects WeChat 6.2.5, an old version of its popular chatting app, and that newer versions were unaffected. A preliminary investigation showed there had been no data theft or leakage of user information, the company said.

Didi Kuaidi said in an emailed statement users  privacy was not intruded upon, and the app has been immediately updated to address the issue.

In a mea culpa on its official Weibo microblog, NetEase apologized to users, saying their private information was not compromised and a fix has been issued.

Apple declined to say how many apps it had uncovered.

  Thomson Reuters 2015 Apple Inc. Is Becoming Microsoft Corporation in More Ways Than One Back in March, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook addressed criticisms that his company had become the "new Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT)" -- a company that depended too much on aging products while avoiding big risks. In an interview with Fast Company, Cook said that he didn't accept those comparisons because Apple was "willing to lose sight of the shore" and replace aging technologies like optical drives in its new devices. Microsoft's problem, in Cook's opinion, was its refusal to "walk away from legacy stuff" and embrace future technologies.

While Cook's points were valid, Apple's recent special event revealed that the company might have more in common with Microsoft than it would openly admit. The star of the show, the iPad Pro, looked a lot like Microsoft's Surface Pro. Apple even brought a Microsoft exec on stage to use the device to run productivity apps like Office. Yet Apple's transformation into the "new Microsoft" started long before the iPad Pro arrived. Let's discuss three ways Apple ended up following Microsoft's footsteps under Tim Cook's leadership.

1. Dependence on hit products

Under former CEO Steve Ballmer, Microsoft relied heavily on its Windows and Office cash cows. However, that comfortable upgrade cycle caused Microsoft to grow complacent, and the company overlooked the rise of free operating systems and cloud-based productivity software. Windows and Office users also started sticking with "good enough" versions of the software, and both user bases became increasingly fragmented.

Apple has become increasingly dependent on a single cash cow: the iPhone. Last quarter, sales of the iPhone accounted for 63% of Apple's top line -- up from 53% in the prior year quarter. Just as Microsoft once believed in constant Windows and Office upgrades, Apple now thinks that iPhone users will blindly upgrade their iPhones every two years. That's why it introduced monthly payment plans, which let customers lease iPhones and upgrade them to the latest models when they arrive.

That seems like a sound idea since an RBC Capital Markets survey from June found that over 83% of iPhone owners planned to stick with Apple. But this system also breeds complacency and could discourage Apple from taking bigger risks.

2. Follower, not innovator

Under Ballmer, Microsoft constantly responded to the market instead of producing market-leading products. It launched the Zune MP3 player five years after Apple introduced the iPod. Its first mobile OS with multitouch capabilities, Windows Phone 7, arrived three years after iOS.

Under Steve Jobs, Apple reinvented niche products for mainstream consumers. With the iPod, Apple disrupted existing MP3 players by offering more storage, a larger screen, and an easy-to-use click wheel. The iPhone replaced the clumsy keyboards of leading smartphones with an all-touch interface. The iPad dumped the awkward PC element of tablets and treated them as big smartphones. All those devices were initially ridiculed by critics, but they all disrupted their respective markets.

It's unfair to compare Cook to Jobs, but most of Cook's "new" products merely followed the footsteps of others with higher prices while lacking game-changing improvements. Apple launched the iPad Mini in response to the market shift toward smaller tablets. It introduced the iPhone 6 in response to the popularity of phablets. The Apple Watch basically offers the same features as a high-end Android Wear smartwatch, and the new Apple TV is just an awkward combination of a Fire TV and a Wii. The iPad Pro is just a reaction to the fact that iPad sales have declined as Surface sales have risen.

3. Playing Wall Street's game

Steve Jobs never bowed to investor demands for buybacks or dividends. But Tim Cook has piled on both since be became CEO in 2011. Over the past 12 months, Apple spent $38.4 million on buybacks and $11.4 billion on dividends. Some of those decisions were likely influenced by big investors like Carl Icahn, who has repeatedly asked Apple to buy back more shares.

These buybacks and dividends are easy to cover since Apple finished last quarter with over $200 billion in cash, but it shows that Cook is a bit too eager to please Wall Street. That's exactly what Microsoft does -- it bought back $13.8 billion in shares and paid out $9.9 billion in dividends over the past 12 months.

Paying bigger dividends and boosting buybacks increases shareholder value, but it can also discourage tech companies from taking big risks or using their free cash flow to make large acquisitions. A reduction in outstanding shares can also obfuscate true earnings-per-share growth. That's why many "mature" tech companies often end up with low stock valuations but stagnant growth.

The key takeaway

With a forward P/E of 12 and a projected earnings growth rate of 15% over the next five years, Apple still looks fundamentally cheap. However, Apple's dependence on the iPhone, its use of high prices to mask its lack of innovation, and its willingness to play Wall Street's game are worrisome. Apple hasn't become the new Microsoft yet, but it's traveling down a familiar path toward becoming a mature tech stock, so investors should have realistic expectations regarding its long-term future. Apple Inc cleaning up iOS App Store after first major attack - Reuters  
2015-07-21
Apple, Inc. and Samsung Are Teaming Up Against a Common Enemy It's no secret that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) are bitter mobile enemies. The two compete the most in the competitive smartphone space, where they both have earned bragging rights. Apple is riding high with its most successful iPhones to date, selling a record number of units in fiscal Q1 2015 and seeing record smartphone revenues in China, its largest market.

Meanwhile, Samsung has retained its worldwide largest smartphone vendor title, outselling all other phone makers, except for the quarter directly after the iPhone 6 launched (You can't win 'em all!). But Samsung's mobile profits have been beaten down by Apple's success as of late, and a few missteps with the latest Galaxy S smartphones have left the company struggling to find its footing again.

That's why the news that Samsung and Apple are working in collaboration to help develop an embedded SIM (or, eSIM) card standard may come as somewhat of a surprise. The Financial Times reported last week that the two companies are working with the GSMA -- the movie association that helps establish standards for technology like this -- to create an in-device SIM card that could run on any carrier, without having to be switched out.

If it all pans out, it means that the two mobile powerhouses will put aside some of their differences to fight against a common enemy: the inability for their customers to easily switch carriers.

What's so great about embedded SIMs?

SIMs are small electronic cards that allow your smart device to connect to a cellular network. Each carrier has their own cards and when users want to switch carriers they either need to get a new SIM or get a new phone altogether.

This switching barrier can leave some consumers unwilling to take their current device to a new carrier. And since Samsung and Apple want users to be happy with their devices, the two companies want their customers to be able to take those phones to whichever carrier they want, when they want, without hassle.

The idea is not entirely a new one. Apple launched its own eSIM in the iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 3 last year, in an attempt to do the same thing. But that technology didn't have widespread acceptance.

The new eSIM standards are more likely to take off this time because the GSMA is developing the tech along with Apple, Samsung and a host of wireless carriers, as opposed to just Apple doing it by itself. The GSMA said back in March that AT&T, Deutsche Telekom (the parent company of T-Mobile), NTT DOCOMO, Orange, Telef nica, Vodafone and others support the new standard.

When can we expect these fancy eSIMs?

If it all goes through, Samsung and Apple could add embedded SIMs into their devices within a year, allowing consumers to switch carriers as they choose.

Obviously, a move like this won't add new revenue into either of the companies' coffers. But the eSIMs would add a little bit of value to smart devices by making them easier for consumers to use as they want. Apple's already shown it wants this technology in its devices, and this time around it's willing to work with Samsung and others to make it a reality. That means consumers could start easily jumping from carrier to carrier sometime later next year -- a somewhat terrifying thought for the wireless industry. How Investors Can Capitalize On Apple's Earnings Report All eyes will be on Cupertino after the closing bell on Tuesday. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has beat earnings expectations for the past 8 quarters and, according to Fortune, is likely to do so again.

But how should investors play the report? Benzinga consulted two professional traders to get their outlooks.

Don't Sell The News

Adam Sarhan, CEO of Sarhan Capital, told Benzinga that the options market is pricing in a $6.35 swing in Apple's stock after the close, meaning that share prices are likely to shift up to 4.8 percent from their current value of $131. Nevertheless, he maintained that a "big beat" could give Apple an even larger boost.

But even if the stock were to add significant value this afternoon, Sarhan discouraged investors from selling too early. "Apple is [still] and undervalued growth stock...they put up strong earnings every quarter," but have a PE ratio of just 16x, he noted, which is a few points below that of the S&P 500. "Longer term," Sarhan said, "it's probably going to go higher."

Related Link: App Store, Apple Music And Other Apple Services Experience Problems Ahead Of Earnings

Sean Udall, CIO of Quantum Trading Strategies, concurred. He believes that the tech company still has plenty of room to grow over the next 12 months or more, giving it a long-term price target of $165 185. "If they produce a good quarter [today] as I think they will and not terrible guidance," he told Benzinga, "I might even nudge that [trajectory] up a bit."

Although Udall admitted that he wouldn't buy Apple at its current price, he maintained that that was only because there were other tickers that could climb faster. He advised those who already have a stake in Apple to hold out at least until shares hit the $155 160 range. And even if the company were to post a rare earnings miss, he doesn't believe that that would cause him to lower his long-term projections.

Udall expects Apple to announce sales of 50.7 million iPhones, 11.6 million iPads, 4.9 million Macs and 3.5 million smartwatches.

Other Tickers

In addition to Apple, Sarhan and Udall noted other tickers that could be affected by the firm's earnings report.

According to Sarhan, Cirrus Logic, Inc. (NASDAQ: CRUS), NXP Semiconductors NV (NASDAQ: NXPI) and Avago Technologies Ltd (NASDAQ: AVGO)   all of which supply chips for Apple products   could all potentially gain on an Apple beat.

He also mentioned Nuance Communications Inc. (NASDAQ: NUAN), which is the voice behind theSiri voice command system, as a stock to watch.

Udall added Skyworks Solutions Inc (NASDAQ: SWKS) and Qorvo Inc (NASDAQ: QRVO), two other chip providers, but took a bearish stance on both. According to him, most of Apple's suppliers are overvalued. The only exceptions, in his opinion, are Cirrus and InvenSense Inc (NYSE: INVN).

Investors will surely have some decisions to make Tuesday evening, as Tim Cook and co. release one of the most highly anticipated reports of earnings season. Hopefully, they will see yet another opportunity to harness value from America's most famous tech firm.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Adam Sarhan Quantum Trading StrategiesEarnings News Exclusives Tech Trading Ideas Interview Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc. (AAPL): Earnings Whisper? All eyes will be on Apple Inc. (AAPL) after today s close. Wall Street analysts are on average expecting the tech giant to post $49.33 billion in sales during the June quarter. This would show a 15% decline from the 2Q15 revenue of $58 billion and an increase of 31.10% from the same period in FY14. EPS are expected to come in at $1.80, a growth rate of 40.62% from $1.28 per share a year earlier. For the full year ending in September, EPS are projected to be $9.07 a share on $233 billion in revenue. Meanwhile, ticker s Q3 earnings whisper number calls for EPS of $1.95 on revenue of $49.26 billion.

On valuation measures, Apple shares are priced at 16.11x this year s forecasted earnings, compared to the industry s 15.19x earnings multiple. The company s current year and next year EPS growth estimates stand at 40.80% and 7.60%, respectively. AAPL has a t-12 price-to-sales ratio of 3.49. EPS for the same period registers at $8.05.

Apple shares have advanced 1.82% in the last 4 weeks and 4.34% in the past three months. Over the past 5 trading sessions the stock has gained 5.14%. The Cupertino California-based company, which is currently valued at $746.74 billion, has a median Wall Street price target of $150.00 with a high target of $195.00. Apple Inc. is up 41.68% year-over-year, compared with a 7.75% gain in the S&P 500. The name dominates the index as no other company has in 30 years. Apple Inc declares cash dividend  Apple Inc gives Q4 2015 revenue guidance in line with analysts' estimates  
2015-02-09
Why Would Apple Want to Sell Swiss Franc Bonds? Wells Fargo CFO Says Scandal Costs Will Abate This Year

01:31 - Wells Fargo CFO John Shrewsberry discusses the company's first-quarter earnings and the fallout from the bank's fake-account scandal. He speaks with Bloomberg's Julie Hyman, Joe Weisenthal and Abigail Doolittle on "What'd You Miss?" (Source: Bloomberg) Which Will Plunging Tablet Sales Hurt Worse -- Apple Inc. or Samsung? Tablet sales recently fell for the first time since Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) launched the iPad in 2010. According to IDC, worldwide tablet shipments slipped 3% year over year in the fourth quarter of 2014.

That slowdown shouldn't be surprising, since Apple -- which controls 28% of the tablet market -- already reported four consecutive year-over-year declines in iPad sales. Last quarter, iPad unit sales fell 18%. Meanwhile, Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) 2014 tablet shipments rose 1.1% year over year, giving it an 11% share of the market, but its fourth quarter shipments also plunged 18%.

For the full year, worldwide tablet shipments rose 4.4% to 229.6 million shipments. By comparison, tablet sales surged 78% in 2012 and 51% in 2013.

The massive slowdown has been attributed to the rise of phablets and two-in-one devices, which lure away customers who prefer smaller media consumption tablets or bigger productivity ones. If that downward trend continues, the tablet market could post negative growth this year. Let's take a look at how this impacts the major industry players.

Not that bad for Apple ...

The iPad could certainly be headed the way of the iPod. Between the first quarters of 2012 and 2015, the iPad's weight on Apple's top line dropped from 20% to 12%.

But during that period, Apple's quarterly revenue rose from $46.3 billion to $74.6 billion, indicating the iPad's decline wasn't slowing Apple down. Instead, the weight of the iPhone, which arrived three years before the iPad, was rising. Back in the first quarter of 2012, the iPhone accounted for 53% of Apple's revenue. Last quarter, it accounted for nearly 69%. iPhone revenue rose 57% year over year last quarter, easily offsetting the iPad's decline.

Apple also likely cannibalized the iPad Mini with the iPhone 6 Plus, which the company used to even the odds against Samsung and other phablet makers. That strategy isn't new to Apple -- it did the same thing by cannibalizing the iPod with the iPhone. However, Apple still needs to diversify its top line with new products, like Apple Watch, to avoid being torpedoed by a slowdown in iPhone sales.

To prop up iPad sales in the meantime, I expect Apple to eventually replace the iPad Mini with the long-rumored 12- or 13-inch iPad Pro, which might be paired with a keyboard and stylus to compete against Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Surface Pro 3.

... but pretty bad for Samsung

Samsung, however, can't use its smartphone business to offset slower tablet sales. Between the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2014, IDC reported that Samsung's global smartphone market share fell from 28.8% to 20%, as Apple's rose from 17.4% to 19.9%. Samsung's smartphone shipments fell 11% year over year to 75.1 million units.

Samsung is being crushed by Apple in the premium market and by cheaper rivals like Xiaomi in the mid and lower-end markets. Margins also fell as Samsung crammed in more expensive hardware to win over consumers. As a result, earnings at Samsung's mobile division fell 64% year over year in the fourth quarter -- its fifth consecutive quarter of declines -- and contributed to the company's first annual earnings decline in three years.

Samsung shipped 11 million tablets in the fourth quarter, down from 13.5 million units a year ago and substantially less than Apple's 21.4 million iPad shipments. Like Apple, Samsung is likely cannibalizing its smaller Galaxy Tab 4 tablets with its Note 4 phablet. Unfortunately, that cannibalization isn't strengthening the Note 4's position against the iPhone 6 Plus. Instead, the Note 4 is being challenged by beefy rivals like the OnePlus One phablet, which offer comparable features at a fraction of the price.

Rolling with the punches

Apple and Samsung's tablet businesses took big hits in the fourth quarter, but others fared much worse.

Asus' tablet shipments fell 25% and Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) plunged 70%. However, shipments of Lenovo (NASDAQOTH:LNVGY) tablets climbed 9% and claimed nearly 5% of the market. Lenovo bucks the trend by offering tablets in most screen sizes for both Android and Windows users, which lets it reach more users than other Android-only manufacturers.

Looking ahead, the tablet market won't fade away, but it will evolve as phablets and two-in-one devices split the market. To stay relevant, companies must expand to those markets instead of sticking with traditional iPad-like tablets, which are becoming too commoditized to remain profitable. Exclusive February aerial tour of Apple Inc's Campus 2 shows 'Spaceship' Ring ... Exclusive

Apple's Campus 2 mega-project is showing major progress in its "Spaceship" Ring, where interlocking concrete slabs are building a foundation for a steel structure that is already beginning to reach upward by four stories. The first massive parking garage is nearly finished and existing buildings have been demolished to make room for a second stage R&D site.





Apple Campus 2 in February 2015, viewed from the south

In just over a month since we last examined the site's progress in late December, work on Apple Campus 2 has maintained its aggressive schedule. Concrete slabs cover the base floor of the Ring, which will apparently accommodate additional underground parking.



Apple Campus 2 Ring from the north

Making room for new R&D buildings along N Tantau Avenue

Auditorium complex taking shape



Campus 2 February 2015 Theater

Expected occupation by the end of next year

The Ring connects to a tunnel structure that will replace Pruneridge Avenue, which formerly crossed through the site. The new underground roadway will also route vehicles toward two above ground, four storey parking structures, the first of which is nearly complete apart from a top decking of solar panels--despite being just bare earth back in September and only beginning to rise in October.Apple began demolishing the former Hewlett Packard Pruneridge Campus buildings in 2013, but within just the last month it has also removed Ridgeview Court 1, a two-building complex Apple had been using as office space, located south of the HP site (below Pruneridge) on land Apple had previously acquired before the HP site became available.In December, AppleInsider exclusively reported on the removal of an adjacent Ring prototype building we first detailed in October. Both structures are still depicted in Apple Maps' current Flyover models (below top), but they are now empty lots (below bottom, today).The company continues to operate eight office groups on the east side of N Tantau Ave (which is the eastern boundary of the Campus 2 site), along with at least four other office blocks between E Homestead Road (the north boundary of Campus 2) and Stevens Creek Blvd, not including two other large office sites on Vallco Parkway, which is located south of the 280 freeway (the south boundary of Campus 2). All of these buildings are within Cupertino, just west of the boundary of the adjacent city of Santa Clara.Just north of newly demolished Ridgeview Court 1 site, Apple's underground theater is now taking form, with a circular structure being built within the north section of the large excavated hole. Construction permits indicate that the auditorium complex will cost around $161 million to complete.The theater site will include a 120,000 sq ft "assembly space" with seating for 1,000, kitchen facilities and a large lobby area. In September, the theater excavation was a shallow pit (below), just south of Ridgeview Court 3, which is the last major building within the site that has not yet been demolished.Granted final approval just over one year ago, Apple's Campus 2 project is rapidly moving toward its occupancy goal of 2016.Apple's cofounder Steve Jobs unveiled the huge project in 2011, noting that the central 2.8-million-square-foot "Spaceship" structure would house at least 12,000 employees, surrounded by bucolic landscaping including orchards of fruit trees and other greenery, featuring open space and walking paths to reclaim most of the 150-acre plot previously covered by asphalt parking lots.See previous coverage on AppleInsider of Apple Campus 2 and the current Infinite Loop headquarters, or our other articles on drones . Viewers interested in the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ can read more about the device or pick one up here 
2015-01-06
Apple, Inc.'s iPhone 6 Supply Continues to Improve With more than enough demand for Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) newest iPhones during the company's fiscal first quarter, iPhone sales during the three months will be mostly dependent on how many iPhones it could produce -- a storyline that has played out again and again every iPhone launch since 2007. This means following indicators of Apple's iPhone supply progress during the crucial quarter provides some insight into how well the tech giant may perform. Fortunately, Apple seems to have wrapped up its holiday quarter with supply nearly in line with demand.

Big iPhone 6 demand is making robust supply difficult

It was clear after Apple's iPhone 6 launch weekend that the tech giant hit a home run with its 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and its 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus. Even without China included in the initial launch countries for the new iPhone lineup, as it was for the iPhone 5s and 5c, Apple set a new launch weekend sales record of 10 million iPhones, up from 9 million for the iPhone launch in 2013. But, as usual, launch sales during the weekend were limited by supply. Many versions of the iPhone quickly sold out both in stores and online.

Catching supply up to demand this year, however, is proving to be more of a challenge than it was last year. Retail store availability of the new iPhone models and online shipping times have, so far, lagged behind respective availability and shipping times for the 5s and 5c last year. This trend continues into 2015, though the difference from the year-ago period of iPhone supply indicators with those today is closing.

In early December, the 16 and 64 GB versions of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were showing shipping times of three to five business days in the U.S. online Apple Store, while the 128 GB versions of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus had a shipping time of seven to 10 business days. At that same point one year ago, the 5c was available to ship within 24 hours and all versions of the iPhone 5s were shipping within one to three business days.

Today, most versions of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are shipping within one business day, while a few are shipping within three to five business days. This time last year, all new iPhone models had a shipping time of "within 24 hours."

A similar storyline of better availability for Apple's 5s and 5c last year compared to the 6 and 6 Plus this year has been playing out in Apple's retail stores. Even in a the second half of December, 22% of 80 Apple retail stores Piper Jaffray checked with didn't have all iPhone 6 models in stock. At the same time last year, however, virtually every Apple retail store appeared to have all models of the 5c and 5s in stock.

Based on a number of surveys and estimates, and Apple's historical ability to easily boost year-over-year iPhone supply during Q1, it's very likely that Apple's slower progress in catching up with demand for the iPhone this year versus last year is related to a big year-over-year jump in demand -- not supply problems. This is why analysts, on average, are expecting Apple to report record results in Q1, with revenue up 15% from the year-ago quarter. And with Apple ending 2014 with indications that iPhone supply is very close to demand, it's looking like analysts expectations for record iPhone sales in Q1 will turn out to be true. Apple: What Drives Upside From Here?  
2015-12-31
The Worst Apple Inc. Headlines in 2015 Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) shares soared during the first six months of 2015, rising around 20% from the beginning of the year to the end of May. But over the past seven months investors have lost interest. The iPhone maker is poised to close the year roughly unchanged.

What fueled Apple's decline in the second half? A series of unfortunate events, including a disappointing earnings report, fears about the Chinese economy, and doubts about the long-term success of the iPhone business all played parts. Let's take a look at some of the most significant negative headlines that weighed on Apple shareholders in 2015.

Mixed reviews for the Apple Watch

In April, Apple launched its first major new product category in several years. The Apple Watch is Apple's first wearable, and while it wasn't the world's first smartwatch, there's nothing else quite like it. The Apple Watch is a fitness device, fashion statement, and iPhone accessory rolled into one.

It would be unfair to say critics trashed the device, but most were unsupportive. The Verge awarded it a modest 7 out of 10, citing performance issues. CNet found fault with the battery life and characterized the interface as "confusing". The Wall Street Journal's Joanna Stern wrote that most consumers would be better off waiting for a better model.

That lukewarm reception didn't seem to weigh on Apple's share price in April, but it may have limited its upside. The Apple Watch isn't a dud -- research firm IDC reported that Apple shipped 3.6 million Apple Watches in the second quarter -- but it wasn't the wearable revolution that many hoped for, at least not in its debut form.

A disappointing earnings report

Apple turned in two strong earnings reports to start the year, posting record earnings in both January and April. But in July it stumbled. During the company's fiscal third quarter, earnings and revenue exceeded analyst expectations, but it sold fewer iPhones than anticipated. The iPhone business grew, but not to the extent that many had hoped. The 47.5 million iPhones Apple sold represented annual growth of 35%, but some analysts had been expecting unit shipments to top 50 million.

Cook reaches out to Cramer as Chinese fears take a toll

China is increasingly important to Apple. Last quarter, it generated about one-quarter of the company's revenue, and it was Apple's fastest-growing segment, as sales nearly doubled on an annual basis. Given the large number of Chinese consumers, that may be a net positive overall, but it worked to the company's detriment in August.

The Chinese stock market was especially volatile for most of the year, particularly in the summer. Chinese shares plunged upward of 30% at one point, prompting regulators to halt vast swaths of the market during the summer months. Investors reacted by selling Apple shares, betting that a slowing Chinese economy would weigh on the company's sales. In August, CEO Tim Cook sent an email to CNBC's Jim Cramer, defending the company's Chinese business and its performance. That helped shares recover somewhat, but the stock has remained subdued ever since.

Analysts warn about the iPhone in 2016

More recently, fears of weak demand for Apple's latest iPhone models -- the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus -- have served to keep a lid on Apple stock. As early as October, analysts had warned that demand for the iPhone 6's successor appeared far weaker than demand for its predecessor. The smartphone market is showing signs of saturation, and while the iPhone 6s offers a number of improvements, it's not a radical overhaul like last year's iPhone 6.

Several firms, including KGI Securities, Pacific Crest, and Morgan Stanley, now expect iPhone sales to contract in 2016. If so, it will represent the first decline for the business since the original iPhone made its debut in 2007. Apple Inc. Reportedly About to Ink Deals for OLED Display Supply There has been a lot of chatter in the press about Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) potentially using OLED displays in future iPhones rather than the traditional liquid crystal displays, or LCDs, that it has used since the very first iPhone.

OLEDs are widely known to offer a number of advantages over LCDs, such as effectively infinite contrast ratios (blacks are "perfect" on such displays) and the elimination of the display back-light found in LCDs (potentially enabling a thinner device). However, they are fairly difficult to manufacture and current OLEDs can still face issues with image "burn in," as you can see in the image below:

However, it would seem that Apple's confidence in the technology has increased substantially as it is reportedly in the final stages of inking OLED panel supply agreements with Samsung (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF) Display and LG Display (NYSE: LPL) for future iPhones, per ET News (via MacRumors).

Serious capacity for serious volumes

According to the report, Samsung Display and LG Display will, combined, shell out a whopping 15 trillion Korean won (roughly $12.74 billion) over the next two to three years in support of Apple's massive OLED display needs.

A translation of the report indicates that Apple is expected to help fund the capital investments needed to put in this capacity into place in order to ensure that it gets the supply that it needs.

Margins? This is Apple we're dealing with here

The report goes on to indicate that one roadblock to getting a supply agreement with Samsung inked is that Apple wants very low margins for these OLED displays. Samsung Display has enjoyed a nice boost in operating profit as it has increased its supply of OLED displays to other smartphone vendors, notes the report.

However, at the prices that Apple wants to pay for displays, Samsung would only net "low single digit margins," the report indicated.

That being said, given the kinds of volumes that Apple brings, and given that it's probably interested in buying higher-quality/higher-average-selling-price panels than most other customers, even "low single digit margins" could be enough to make it worth Samsung's while. This is especially true if Apple is going to be funding a portion of the equipment purchases.

Sounds great, but too bad we won't see these until 2018

It's good to see that Apple will eventually transition to OLED-based displays, as I do think that by the 2018 timeframe (i.e. iPhone 8) OLEDs will essentially be required in order to deliver a genuinely market-leading display.

However, from a competitive perspective, I worry that Apple might be a little late to the OLED game.

For example, according to display specialists at Display Mate, the OLED display found on the Samsung Galaxy Note 5 is an overall better display than the LCDs found on either the iPhone 6 or 6 Plus.

Although I do think that Apple will make a number of major advancements with the iPhone 7/7 Plus displays and that they will generally be leadership at launch (except for in contrast ratio/black levels since they will be LCDs and not OLEDs).

The problem for Apple is that the company generally recycles the display that it introduces in its "new number" phones in the "s" series phones that land in the following year. If Apple follows this same pattern with the iPhone 7s, then that year's iPhone risks looking somewhat outdated compared to the other flagships that it will have to go up against -- potentially impacting the company's competitive positioning and risking a repeat of the struggles Apple is seeing this year with the iPhone 6s/6s Plus phones.

Maybe Apple can introduce another even better LCDs in the iPhone 7s/7s Plus in a bid to keep up with rivals that will likely have transitioned to OLEDs? 
2015-08-10
1 More Clue That Apple, Inc. Might Refresh Its 15-inch MacBook Pro This Fall In early May, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced a modest refresh of its high-end 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro computer. The updated machine improved upon its predecessor with a number of features such as a speedier discrete graphics option, a slightly larger battery, and a Force Touch track-pad. Unfortunately, the device carried over the same Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Haswell processor from the prior generation, so general purpose processing performance didn't improve.

Apple has seemingly been holding off on doing a more substantial refresh of the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro until it could update the machine with an Intel processor based on Intel's newest Skylake architecture paired with its Iris Pro graphics.

What's the scoop?

Over on Intel's Technology Blog page, the company announced that it will "soon be launching" its first Xeon E3-1500M v5 processors aimed at high performance notebook PCs (referred to as "mobile workstations"). Per an Intel slide deck that's been making the rounds on the Web, the Xeon E3-1500 v5 family of processors will indeed feature Iris Pro graphics.

Apple probably won't use a mobile Xeon processor (it will probably use the Core i7 version of the same silicon), but the fact that Intel says that the launch of a Skylake processor with Iris Pro will be "soon" suggests that the chips could be ready for a MacBook Pro update in October.

These chips could be suitable for refreshed iMacs, too

Apple is also expected to refresh its iMac product lineup sometime in the third quarter, according to respected KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. If the formal launch of Skylake parts with Iris Pro really is imminent, then it would seem that Apple is poised to update its entire iMac lineup with Skylake processors.

Will this mean the removal of discrete GPUs in the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro?

Intel has steadily improved the performance and efficiency of its integrated graphics technology in its notebook processors. This has allowed Apple to transition away from discrete graphics options in all of its notebooks toward integrated solutions, with discrete graphics offered as part of a higher-end configuration.

I think there's a chance that once Apple transitions to Skylake, it may remove the discrete graphics option with the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro. The Skylake processors with Iris Pro graphics should deliver a solid performance improvement over the now two-generation old Haswell processors found inside of the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro.

We won't know if Skylake with Iris Pro will offer better graphics performance than the Radeon M370X discrete graphics chip that today's 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro can be configured with until Skylake parts are out in the wild. However, if Skylake with Iris Pro can deliver performance similar to the Radeon M370X, then it might make sense for Apple to ditch the discrete chip.

It won't be long now

I suspect that Intel will talk about the launch schedule of its Skylake processors at the upcoming Intel Developer Forum, which begins on August 18 (the Intel blog post referenced earlier was categorized under "IDF").

It shouldn't be too long now before we know when the various Skylake parts will hit the market. If Skylake with Iris Pro actually launches in mid-August, then I expect a much-improved 15-inch MacBook Pro to be part of what could be a very interesting refresh of Apple's entire MacBook and iMac lineup. IBM Wants to Help Apple, Inc. Sell More Macs As if IBM (NYSE:IBM) and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) weren't friendly enough already, last week IBM said it's starting a new program to help big companies integrate Macs more easily into their businesses.

The news comes as IBM and Apple have already built up their working relationship over the past year with joint enterprise mobile apps and IBM's offer to support Apple products for enterprise customers. IBM's latest move could take that relationship a bit further and add even more Apple enterprise sales.

What IBM just launched

IBM's new initiative allows enterprise companies to quickly deploy Macs into their businesses without a lot of setup hassles. The company says it's taking what it learned from distributing Macs to its own employees across the world and applying it to other customers.

Basically, IBM will help companies set up their software and services via the cloud on Mac computers and deliver Macs to employees that are ready to use out-of-the-box. In a statement, IBM said:

With these new services, clients can order Macs and have them delivered directly to their employees without any additional setup, imaging or configuration, saving time, reducing costs and creating a great employee experience. Employees can then quickly, easily and securely gain network access, connect to email and download business applications.

The new system will also make it easy for information technology departments to manage and update the Macs as well. However, the biggest benefit may come to Apple.

How this helps Apple

Apple has historically had a hard time getting its foot in the door in the enterprise market, at least compared to Windows-based PCs. But if IBM can convince enterprise customers that it is truly easy to integrate Macs into their existing IT infrastructures, Apple could see that enterprise door swing wide open.

And there are good reasons why companies should be looking at Macs to begin with. There's already discontent with Windows-based machines, and PC shipment numbers prove it. In Q2 2015, overall PC shipments declined by 11.6% worldwide, while Mac shipments increased. As a result, Apple boosted its worldwide PC market share to 7.8%, up from 5.9% in Q2 2014.

In addition, IBM may be one of the best companies to convince enterprise users that Macs are the way to go. IBM has agreed to buy 50,000 MacBooks by the end of this year, and if a recent rumor from MacRumors proves true, IBM may end up buying 150,000 to 200,000 MacBooks, converting 50% to 75% of its worldwide employees over to Macs.

That not only would be a huge sales boost for Apple, but would also show other companies that deploying Macs on a massive scale is very possible.

What's next

It's still unclear whether or not IBM's new move will indeed add to Apple's Mac sales, but it's certainly a step in the right direction. What's great about this for Apple is that its partnership with IBM continues to grow just as Microsoft is doubling down on Windows.

The Windows-maker is trying to win back users after a series of software missteps over the past few years. The new Windows 10 has already garnered plenty of positive press. But if IBM can show companies that there's a quick and easy way to get Macs to their employees -- with the software and support that they need -- then companies may be more inclined to buy new Macs, and forgo jumping in with Windows 10. If The iPhone Declines, The App Store Can Drive Apple Stock In a new report, Macquarie Research analyst Ben Schachter discusses Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)  s potential growing reliance on its App Store for durable growth numbers.

If recent iPhone numbers are indicative of continued growth weakness for the device, Schachter believes it will be up to Apple s services business to pick up the slack.

Latest Numbers

In an uncharacteristic move, Apple recently disclosed its 2015 year-to-date App Store app sales numbers via press interviews. The company reportedly has achieved about $8 billion in payments through the end of July, implying $3.4 billion in net revenues.

What Does It Mean?

According to Schachter, the latest numbers from Apple illustrate strong growth in App Store numbers. Schachter estimates that the App Store will now generate more than $5 billion in operating profit for Apple this year, which would make up nearly half (45 percent) of the company s total operating profit growth in 2015.

In addition, the July numbers indicate that the App Store is off to a strong start in the second half of the year. The reported $1.7 billion in spending on apps and in-app purchases in July represents a record-high monthly total.

Too Much Focus On Hardware

While Wall Street agonizes over iPhone numbers, Macquarie continues to focus more on Apple s software and services business, and apps are at the center of this side of the Apple story.

 Our view is that the App Store, in particular, is underappreciated as a growth driver of operating income over the next few years and beyond,  Schachter explains.

Macquarie maintains its Outperform rating on Apple and its $140 target for the stock.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: App Store revenue AppleAnalyst Color Long Ideas Price Target Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple's Success Comes From Products 'Consumers Didn't Know They Wanted Or Needed' If investors want to figure out the next product category that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) will enter, they might want to consider looking at things consumers don't seem to care about.

"We like that Apple continues to innovate," Michael Sheldon, chief market strategist at RDM Financial Group, told Benzinga. "They come up with products and services consumers didn't know they wanted or needed. It could very well be that the next big product that comes out is not something currently on people's radar screens."

Apple launched the first iPod, iPhone and iPad with little fanfare up until the products were officially unveiled. The Apple Watch garnered a fair amount of publicity more than a year ahead of its big reveal, but that was merely the byproduct of Apple's ongoing success.

Investors and consumers are so eager to see what Apple will do next that it is almost impossible for the company to keep future products a secret. Even something as simple as a massive development site can foster meticulous rumors about what Apple might be planning.

"You [typically] hear this kind of news from Netflix, Amazon and Google," said Sheldon. "They're often buying up properties or they're buying up small companies where not a lot is known about them. They're paying exorbitant valuations sort of like when Facebook bought Oculus. In this case of Apple buying some land, it makes you wonder."

Related Link: Skyworks Solutions' Earnings Results Show A 'Fundamental Strength In Apple'

Imminent Releases

It could take Apple some time to enter a new product category beyond watches, smartphones, tablets and computers, but the company has reportedly amassed its best lineup in 25 years.

"Obviously the iPhone 6S [is coming]," said Sheldon. "Probably coming out later this year. Right now, I think something like 27 percent of iPhone users are signed up for the 6 or 6 Plus. That [leaves] a fairly large audience that can still upgrade their phones to the new phones."

Sheldon said that the transition from the iPhone 6 to the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus could be a little more challenging.

"It depends on what kind of upgrades and new technology come with that 6S," he said. "Apple continues to put out faster chips and better graphics and new operating systems. I'm sure there will be reasons for consumers to move up to that phone over time."

Sheldon also praised the Mac line of computers.

"That's not the biggest driver of growth, but yet Apple continues to increase sales and raise prices," said Sheldon. "They're the only company in the industry that seems to be doing that. All of the PC-based sales on the Windows [side] have been suffering for a while. Apple is clearly doing well on that side."

Sheldon said there is also talk of a new Apple TV set-top box and an iPhone 7 that runs on solar power. The latter isn't expected to arrive before 2016.

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Apple Apple TV iPhone 6 iPhone 6S Michael Sheldon RDM Financial GroupExclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc. May Assemble iPhone 7 In India Apple s contract manufacturer Foxconn is reportedly making a huge investment of over $5 billion over the next five years to build a small number of factories in India. According to a report from the Financial Times, the first factory will be located in Maharashtra. Foxconn founder Terry Gou and the city s CM Davendra Fadnavis recently met up in Mumbai to sign a memorandum for a future project. The report comes a month after the firm announced plans to open up factories in India and hire about one million employees. All of this means the iPhone 7 could well be assembled at an Indian factory.

Apple makes investment in India

Apple s purported decision to move manufacturing to India may have something to do with China s growing wage inflation, as many manufacturing companies are leaving in favor of other low cost areas. Moreover, Apple isn t the only company to make the move to India. Automaker General Motors recently invested $1 billion to expand their Pune factory. Both companies are taking part in PM Narendra Modi s Made in India plan, an initiative that encourages foreign companies to make investments in the country.

A shift in the smartphone industry

Foxconn s move may also start a shift in the smartphone industry. Many believe India will be one of the next frontiers for tech companies to set up factories and open up more employment opportunities. The decision will also prompt more suppliers to come to India in order start operations by 2020. Apple will also experience the strong advantage of having logistics in a different country, and this will benefit the iPhone 7 maker with a less expensive means to distribute products throughout the world and cut back on shipping/transportation costs.

Although Apple s move will give the company more leverage in the huge Indian market, the tech giant will also face serious competition from local smartphone makers that sell good quality mobile phones for much lower prices. 
2015-04-26
Why Apple Should Make A Car In 1 Chart Bernstein analysts led by A.M. Sacconaghi recently suggested that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) should make a car.

Sacconaghi noted that the  auto sector offers a uniquely large, addressable market for Apple, with over $1 Trillion in annual sales. 

Apple s ability to enter the market could be measured against Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA).

With limited resources, Tesla  has been able to successfully compete against high end luxury offerings, suggesting that innovation and design are arguably as important as mature distribution channels, manufacturing competence and financial might,  according to Sacconaghi.

Innovation and design capabilities are major strengths for Apple and with its vast financial and engineering resources, it could successfully disrupt the auto market.

 Tesla's story mimics the initial challenges of Apple's iPhone in that Apple spent far less on R&D than industry incumbents yet was also able to develop a product that disrupted the industry and threatened the traditional players,  Sacconaghi concluded.

To illustrate the financial power Apple possesses, a  purported 400 people are said to be working on a car at Apple   if true, this number is more than the number of engineers at Tesla. At $250K in annual salary for each, the total cost to Apple would be ~$100M annually, or 0.05% of revenue and 0.15% of operating income,  according to the analysts.

Apple reports Q2 financial results on Monday following the market close.

Ahead of its earnings release, Apple Inc. closed at $130.29 Friday, up 0.48 percent.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: A.M. Sacconaghi BernsteinTop Stories Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Does Apple Hide More Cash Abroad Than Anyone? U.S. companies hold in excess of $2 trillion of cash abroad and Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has the largest hoard among the S&P 500 companies, according to a recent J.P. Morgan report illustrated by Statista.

Apple holds $158 billion overseas which was nearly twice as much Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) and 2.5 times the total of General Electric Company (NYSE: GE).

As explained by Statistia s Felix Richter,  U.S. multinationals have little incentive to bring home the cash they hoard overseas, because they would have to pay 35 percent corporate income tax once they repatriate their foreign earnings,  which could prompt changes in the tax laws to help encourage repatriation of the funds.

Apple Inc. recently traded at $129.98, up 0.24 percent.

Posted-In: JP Morgan StatistiaTop Stories Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-02-27
Apple, Inc. Stock Valuation: Are Shares Worth $164? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock reached another new high this week, hitting $133.60 per share. Adjusted for Apple's 7-to-1 stock split, this is equal to $935.20; Apple is getting closer and closer to reaching the pre-split $1,000 price target many analysts had for the stock when it was soaring toward $700 in 2012. Just a few bucks off this new all-time high, Apple's value is nothing short of astounding. The company's market capitalization of $769 billion is more than twice the value of the second most valuable company in the world, ExxonMobil.

As the tech giant's stock continues to hit new highs, it's worth considering whether or not the stock is finally getting close to fairly valued, or perhaps even overvalued. One way to get a ballpark estimate of what the stock could be worth today is with a discounted cash flow, or DCF, valuation.

The model

A DCF valuation is simple. A business is ultimately worth the present value of its future cash flows, so a DCF valuation takes estimates of future cash flow and discounts it to present value to find the value of an asset.

Apple is an excellent company for the DCF model. With a consistently high gross profit margin providing evidence of the company's enduring competitive advantage in the premium segment of its respective markets, and consistent hefty free cash flow, Apple's future cash flows are somewhat predictable -- something that couldn't be said of many publicly traded businesses. Of course, even "somewhat" in the realm of forward-looking predictions doesn't imply much accuracy; but that's why you work a margin of safety into your valuation (more on that later).

Of course, this sort of valuation is far easier in theory than in practice. Bad inputs will result in poor outputs. Or, as they say: Trash in, trash out. It's the inputs, and not the model, therefore, that make or break a DCF valuation. So, it is important to get a good picture of the factors driving and affecting a company's revenue and free cash flow to be able to come even close to predicting future levels of free cash flow.

The inputs

To understand Apple's potential for growth going forward, consider its recent growth trends, Apple's current competitive position, and the health of the tech giant's key markets.

A look back at Apple's recent revenue and free cash flow growth clearly shows that Apple doesn't appear to have hit a point at which business growth is leveling out. In Apple's most recent quarter, its $51.2 billion in revenue was up 30% from the year-ago quarter. During the same period, iPhone unit sales, which account for 69% of total sales, soared 46% higher than the year-ago quarter. Free cash flow jumped a whopping 48%. While this quarter is somewhat of an anomaly in comparison with other recent quarters, this big growth highlights just how healthy Apple's business is.

Taking Apple's monstrous first fiscal 2015 quarter out of the picture, and zooming out a bit to an annual look at growth, Apple's fiscal 2014 free cash flow of $49.9 billion was up 12% from the year-ago quarter.

When it comes to Apple's competitive position, its pricing power is an excellent representation of just how strong the company's current position among competitors and with its customers is. In Apple's most recent quarter, it achieved a new all-time high for iPhone average selling price, or ASP of $687, up from $637 in the year-ago quarter. The new high for the iPhones ASP comes as Apple tested customers with the launch of the iPhone 6 Plus by introducing a more expensive iPhone and higher-priced storage tiers. Apple's incredible display of pricing power is happening just as the overall market for smartphones struggles with pricing and battles it out at the low-end. Android-powered devices are literally trending in the opposite direction, with average selling prices falling by more than $100 in 2014. Clearly, Apple is still on its "A" game when it comes to combatting a proliferation of cheap competition.

Then there's the smartphone market's growth in general. As the most important market to Apple, given that iPhone contribute the lion's share of the company's free cash flow, investors should keep the overall market growth in mind as they evaluate Apple's potential. In 2014, global smartphone sales were up 27.7% from 2013, according to IDC. Going forward, IDC predicts smartphone sales growth will achieve an average compound annual growth rate of 9.8% between 2014 and 2018. IDC predicts Apple smartphone shipments, specifically, will average a compound annual growth rate of 7.8% during this same period.

The value of Apple stock

With all of this taken into consideration, it's now possible to come up with a reasonable growth trajectory forecast for Apple's free cash flow. Taking into account the continued upside in Apple's smartphone business and watching Apple absolutely crush it in its holiday quarter, I believe Apple could reasonably grow free cash flow at a trajectory that resembles the one that follows, which starts at 5% growth in 2015 and decelerates by 5% each year.

Year FCF Growth Rate FCF (in Millions) 1 5% $62,718 2 4.8% $65,697 3 4.5% $68,661 4 4.3% $71,605 5 4.1% $74,521 6 3.9% $77,404 7 3.7% $80,249 8 3.5% $83,051 9 3.3% $85,806 10 3.2% $88,510

If this forecast were to pan out, what would Apple stock be worth today? Given these inputs for growth rates over the next 10 years and assuming 3% free cash flow growth in perpetuity beyond year 10, the value of Apple's future cash flow discounted at a rate of 10% would be $164 per share.

Of course, this doesn't mean investors should automatically buy the stock if it trades below $164. Given just how uncertain any forward-looking outcome is, investors should give themselves some room for error in their projections, or some margin of safety. I prefer to adjust my required margin of safety to account for varying confidence levels in my projections. And I usually base my confidence level on the strength of a company's perceived moat, or durable competitive advantage. Apple, I believe, has a very strong moat, evidenced by its pricing power.

The crux of my argument for Apple's moat goes like this: As the company continues to use its design and manufacturing prowess, combined with its intense focus on only making a few, great products, Apple's premium-priced products and services will continue to attract both new customers and its existing loyal customer base. With this said, I feel fairly confident about the trajectory I've laid out for free cash flow and would require only a 15% margin of safety before I thought shares were a buy. In other words, I believe Apple stock is worth buying at $139 or lower --15% off of $164.

A simple DCF valuation, of course, is only one of many tools investors can use in deciding whether or not a stock is a buy. And investors certainly shouldn't rely entirely on someone else's DCF model given the model's sensitivity to inputs. But the exercise does clearly show that the discounted value of a reasonable estimate of Apple's future cash flow can make a compelling case for owning the stock. Apple faces second suit from victorious patent firm People walk past the Apple logo near an Apple Store at a shopping area in central Beijing February 19, 2013. REUTERS/Petar Kujundzic

Fresh off a $532.9 million jury win against Apple Inc (AAPL.O), a Texas company is again suing the tech giant, this time over the same patents' use in devices introduced after the original case was underway.

Smartflash LLC aims to make Apple pay for using the patent licensing firm's technology without permission in devices not be included in the previous case, such as the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus and the iPad Air 2. The trial covered older Apple devices.

On Tuesday, a jury in federal court in Tyler, Texas found that Apple willfully violated three Smartflash patents with devices that use its iTunes software. The patents relate to accessing and storing downloaded songs, videos and games.

The new complaint was filed on Wednesday night in the same court in Tyler, where Smartflash is also based and which over the past decade has become a focus for patent litigation. Smartflash licenses its patents but does not make products itself.

"Smartflash filed the complaint to address products that came out too far into the last proceedings to have been included," Smartflash's attorney, Brad Caldwell, told Reuters on Thursday. "Apple cannot claim they don t know about these patents or understand that they are infringing. A diligent jury has already rejected those arguments."

A representative from Apple could not immediately be reached for comment.

Apple said after Tuesday's verdict it would appeal and that the outcome was another reason reform was needed in the patent system to curb litigation by companies that make money off patent royalties instead of products.

The latest suit alleges Apple infringes the same patents at issue in the trial, and names four others. Three of those additional patents were part of its older complaint against Apple, which was later narrowed.

Both Smartflash lawuits say that around 2000, the co-inventor of its patents, Patrick Racz, met with executives of what is now European SIM card maker Gemalto SA (GTO.AS), including Augustin Farrugia, who is now a senior director at Apple.

Smartflash has also filed patent infringement lawsuits against Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS), Google Inc (GOOGL.O) and Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) over the same patents.

The case is Smartflash LLC et al v. Apple Inc, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas, No. 15-cv-145.

(Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi and Christian Plumb) 
2015-08-11
Apple: Are iPhone Margins Sustainable?  The life and times of Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak, who just turned 65 Apple cofounder Steve Wozniak turned 65 on Tuesday. While the late Steve Jobs is remembered as the visionary who brought Apple's products to the world, Wozniak is known as the engineering brain who built the first Apple computers. Wozniak ends his 2006 autobiography, "iWoz: From Computer Geek to Cult Icon," with one, simple line of advice: "And have fun doing it." In honor of his birthday, we're looking back at some of his biggest accomplishments. View As: One Page Slides

Wozniak developed the hardware and operating systems for the Apple 1 in 1976. This rare version of the early computer sold for more than $380,000 at a Christie's auction in 2013. Source: CNBC

He and Jobs officially launched Apple Computer in April 1976.

Company lore has it that the pair built the computers in Jobs' Los Altos garage, but Wozniak says that's mostly a myth. He told Bloomberg Businessweek's Brandon Lisy, "The garage didn't service much purpose, except it was something for us to feel was our home." Source: Bloomberg

That hasn't stopped thousands of Apple fanboys from making the trip to the former Jobs home each year.

In 1977, Wozniak designed the Apple II, which went on to become one of the first majorly successful personal computers available for mass purchase. Here Jobs, then Apple CEO John Sculley, and Wozniak showed off the Apple IIc. Revealed in April 1984, the computer was Apple's first attempt at a portable model.

Wishing to pursue a more engineering-focused role elsewhere, Wozniak decided to leave his managing responsibilities at Apple in 1985, selling most of his stock. He is still an Apple employee, though, and receives an annual stipend that's estimated to be worth at least $120,000. Source: The Guardian

In 1986, he finished his degree in electrical engineering at the University of California in Berkeley, graduating using the name Rocky Raccoon Clark to keep his identity secret. He had first attended Berkeley in 1971, but ended up taking a break to work on Apple. Don't call him a college dropout, though   he told the Los Angeles Times, "I simply took a year off to earn money for my fourth year of school. And then my career kept going up." Source: Los Angeles Times

In 1986, Wozniak helped design his family home, a sleek-looking house with six bedrooms and 7,500 square feet of space. The Los Gatos home recently sold for $3.9 million, though the Wozniak family hasn't lived there in several years. Tour the home  



He's launched a number of other personal projects since Apple, including CL 9, which built the first universal remote. He also founded Wheels of Zeus, which developed a wireless GPS technology, and spent a few years teaching grade school. In 2002, he joined the board of directors for Danger, Inc., which made PDA devices.

Wozniak definitely knows how to have fun. In 2009, he made an appearance on ABC's "Dancing with the Stars."

In his spare time, Wozniak likes to play Segway polo with his hometown team, the Silicon Valley Aftershocks.

Here he is playing in the 2009 Segway polo world championship, which has been named the Woz Challenge Cup in his honor. Source: California Magazine

He's often spotted riding a Segway around his hometown, Los Gatos.

His other set of wheels   a white Tesla Model S   is a little flashier. "We love it more than any other car we have," he told NBC News. "The car is not only great, but you get free charging on the road and free Internet for the life of the car. That's unheard of." Source: NBC News 
2015-10-07
Why Do Apple Inc. and Qualcomm Inc. Reportedly Have an  Uneasy  Relationship? In a recent article published in Venture Beat, the author claims that, per his sources, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and one of its key iPhone suppliers, Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), have an "uneasy relationship." In this article, I'd like to offer a potential explanation for this reportedly rocky relationship.

Qualcomm's chip business likely benefits from Apple share loss

Although Qualcomm supplies chips to Apple, it doesn't sell nearly as much content to the latter as it provides to many other high-end smartphone makers.

In its teardown report of the iPhone 6s, iFixit reported finding the following Qualcomm chips:

MDM9635 category 6 LTE modem PMD9635 power management chip WTR3925 RF transceiver QFE1100 envelope tracking chip

In contrast, iFixit saw the following Qualcomm chips in its teardown of the LG G4:

Snapdragon 808 chip (this includes both a Qualcomm-designed applications processor as well as a category 9 LTE baseband in a single piece of silicon) WCD9330 audio codec PM8994 power management chip WTR3925 RF transceiver

On an apples-to-apples basis, Qualcomm seems to have materially higher dollar content in the LG flagship than it does in the Apple flagship.

Additionally, keep in mind that Apple is a very large customer that is likely able to command meaningful "volume discounts" given the kinds of volumes that it brings to the table with iPhone. In contrast, the market for Android flagships has several vendors that all ship phones in much smaller quantities than Apple does, which may mean they don't quite get the aggressive pricing than Apple likely gets.

In light of this analysis, I'm fairly confident Qualcomm would much prefer to see the various Android flagship phone vendors gain share on Apple than the reverse (which is the trend that seems to be going on in the industry).

Apple probably isn't too thrilled with what Qualcomm does, either

Qualcomm does a lot of work in trying to capture as much of the smartphone platform bill of materials as it can. In addition to modems, applications processors, and audio codecs, Qualcomm has been touting technologies such as "Snapdragon Sense ID," which is essentially a competitor to Apple's Touch ID.

By providing these technologies to its chip customers, Qualcomm allows Apple's competitors to more easily and quickly implement advanced features in their phones. Apple's modem revenue, to some extent, funds the development of Qualcomm's future smartphone chips and related platform features -- something that may not sit well with the iDevice maker.

Apple likely wants to lessen its dependence on Qualcomm

I suspect that Apple is eager to lessen its dependence on Qualcomm for such a critical component in its iPhone. The reports that Apple is aiming to source modems from Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) likely have some merit to them, and I wouldn't be surprised to see Intel added to Apple's iPhone supply chain down the line as long as Intel can provide high-quality alternatives to Qualcomm's modems.

Longer term, I suspect Apple will eventually build its own cellular modems. It could be many years before Apple is ready with cellular modems good enough to substantially cut out third-party suppliers. But given how successful the company has been with its A-series chips, I have little doubt that Apple could eventually build up one of the world's best modem/RF teams -- a prospect that might just keep Qualcomm execs up at night. New Apple Products On The Horizon? Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) have lost more than 12 percent over the past six months and are nearly flat year-to-date.

(NASDAQ: AAPL) have lost more than 12 percent over the past six months and are nearly flat year-to-date. Investors remain concerned that Apple's "growth story" may be slowing down as the company's product portfolio hasn't demonstrated much in terms of innovation.

9to5Mac, a popular Apple blog, reported that Apple may be introducing new Mac hardware to its fall product line.

Apple's iPhone story is well understood by the investment community following its record-breaking iPhone 6s weekend launch.

Related Link: Pacific Crest: Apple Guidance Will Be 'Well Below' Expectations

Now that the global release of the iPhone 6s series is underway, Apple may be looking to boost its portfolio offering by introducing a new 21.5-inch iMac with 4K screens, according to 9 to 5 Mac.

The blog reported that the company could introduce a new 4K screen iMac next week and will be featured in stores as early as October 13. Production is set to ramp up for November, just in time for the Holiday shopping season.

9 to 5 Mac suggested that the new iMac will physically look the same as non-4K versions, but the 4096 x 2304 screen resolution and improved graphics card will set it apart from prior generations. The blog added that it is "unclear" if accessories such as Magic Mouse 2 with Force Tough integration and a new Bluetooth keyboard will be launched alongside the new Mac.

Apple has already announced plans for an iPad Pro launch in early November.

Posted-In: 9 to 5 Mac Apple Apple Growth Story iMac iMac 4KNews Rumors Tech

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Opinion: Apple's real cash pile is 99% smaller than you think You re one of millions of loyal Apple stockholders. And if there s anything you love more than your new iPhone 6s, it s the huge $203 billion in spare cash that the company says is sitting in its bank accounts.

That s the number widely reported in the media.

It s the number that appears on Page 8 of the company s most recent quarterly financial report.

It s a record cash pile for any American company.

It s a $50 billion increase in the past 12 months alone.

And it s equal to $36 per share, a juicy amount for shares you can buy for around $110.

There s just one problem: That spare cash is mostly an illusion, even a shell game, as a new report has just confirmed. In reality, the amount of spare cash that Apple has on its balance sheet is a tiny fraction of that.

Actually, it s about the same as the estimated net worth of its CEO, Tim Cook.

First, Apple s AAPL, -0.53% nominal cash hoard includes an astonishing $181.1 billion held offshore in tax shelters to avoid paying Uncle Sam, as Citizens for Tax Justice, a think tank, points out in new report published on Tuesday.

Read: Here s how Apple, Nike and others avoided $620 billion in taxes

It s easy to say,  Oh, that s just a claim by some liberal think tank.  But the real source of the number is Apple itself, which reports the same figure on Page 31 of its most recent quarterly report.

Citizens for Tax Justice is taking aim at tax avoidance by U.S. corporations across the board, not merely targeting Apple, and its report will be discussed most keenly by all those interested in politics or economics.

But it also has deep implications for those interested in finance, and especially those with stock in Apple.

As the CTJ report observes, Apple would have to pay about $59.2 billion in U.S. taxes if it tried to repatriate that money. So if it ever tried to return the cash to investors, through dividends or stock buybacks, it would lose a third of the money in taxes first.

OK, the company says it has no plans to bring the money back to the U.S. But so long as the stock is beyond the reach of U.S. tax authorities, it is also beyond the reach of investors. And that makes it much less valuable, and significant, for stockholders.

See: Apple taps bond market to fund shareholder-return program, avoiding tax on repatriation of overseas cash

And that s not the only bad news.

Android 6.0 vs. iOS 9: More Alike Than Ever (3:02)

Apple s balance sheet also reveals that it owes $147.5 billion in debts, accounts payable and other liabilities, plus another $31.5 billion in  off-balance-sheet  liabilities such as leases and purchasing commitments.

When you add it all up, Apple s spare cash is a tiny, tiny fraction of the $203 billion reported.

What s the true figure?

We ll get updated numbers when the company reports its fourth-quarter results Oct. 27.

But as of June 30, Apple had $239 billion in liquid assets   including that $203 billion in cash, inventories, accounts receivables and so on   and owed $179 billion in liabilities, including everything  on  and  off  the balance sheet.

And then it would have to pay $59.2 billion in U.S. taxes if it tried to return the cash to investors.

Put it all together, and the amount left over is just $800 million.

That s not $36 per share.

It s 14 cents.

Ouch. Apple Inc. Keeps More Profits Overseas Than Microsoft And Google Combined With $181.1 billion offshore, Apple tops the list of U.S. companies that keep their profits abroad. Overall, 72 percent of Fortune 500 companies keep $2.1 trillion overseas, according to data gathered from public filings by Citizens for Tax Justice.

To put it in perspective, Apple s cash hoard outside the country far outstrips the combined overseas profits of Microsoft and Google, $108.3 billion and $47.4 billion respectively. Here s a look at the top 15 U.S. companies that keep portions of their profits abroad:

Photo: Reuters/Mike Segar

If Apple were to bring its profits back to the U.S., it would owe $59.2 billion extra in taxes alone, according to the study. And since its profits overseas go to its Irish subsidiary, it pays a much lower income tax rate of about 2.3 percent.

Microsoft employs similar tactics overseas through its subsidiaries in Ireland, Luxembourg and Singapore. As a result, it paid a tax of 3.1 percent on its $108.3 billion in profit. But the money didn t go too far. According to a 2013 report from the Wall Street Journal, 93 percent of Microsoft s foreign profits were invested in U.S. government bonds, corporate bonds and mortgage securities. The company would owe $34.5 billion in U.S. taxes if it were to bring its overseas profits home. That same year, Google s Irish subsidiary paid an effective tax rate of 0.16 percent on $22.8 billion in revenue, according to Ars Technica.

The party is expected to end soon for some companies, however. European Union member states agreed Tuesday on the automatic exchange of information on cross-border tax rulings.

 The automatic exchange of information on tax rulings will enable member states to detect certain abusive tax practices by companies and take the necessary action in response,  the European Commission announced in a press statement.  It is expected that this initiative will deter tax authorities from offering selective tax treatment to companies once this is open to scrutiny by their peers. This will result in much healthier tax competition. 

EU member states will have to pass those rules into law before the end of 2016, which then come into effect on Jan. 1, 2017. 
2015-04-18
How Does Apple, Inc.'s New MacBook Stack Up Against The Competition? Just this month, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) began selling its new 12-inch MacBook. The computer is packed with great features like a high-resolution Retina display, ultra-thin and lightweight design, Force Touch trackpad, and the new USB Type-C port. Apple's new notebook is launching just as the company's Mac shipments are on the rise, increasing 19% year-over-year in Q4 2014.

But the MacBook isn't without some serious competition. ASUS, Microsoft, and Samsung all offer comparable devices -- and some are cheaper, faster, and have a lot more ports than Apple's new notebook.

Click through the slideshow below to find out out which computers the MacBook's fighting head-on, and why Apple shouldn't be worried. Apple Is the Most Profitable Company of 2014 Buried among the news of Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ: AAPL) successful launch of its smartwatch, CEO Tim Cook s $65 million payday and a forecast that the public company s market cap might reach $1 trillion is that, in the final tally of net income among American companies for 2014, Apple was the county s most profitable firm. Most experts in corporate finances already believed this would be the case, but it has been proven as the last 10-K of the S&P 500 has been filed.

The gap between Apple s profit and the second most profitable company was a large one. Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) made $32.5 billion last year, but its revenue was much larger at $365.4 billion. Apple s revenue for the period was $182.8 billion, about half of Exxon s. The spread between Apple and the next large tech company in net income was mammoth. Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) made $22.1 billion.

Apple s road to profit is unusual compared to most successful large America companies. It sells units of things. In Apple s case, those things are phones, tablets and personal computers. While it has software and entertainment businesses, they are not large. Among other profitable corporations are commodity exploration and distribution companies such as Exxon and Chevron Corp. (NYSE: CVX), banks such as Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC) that collect and distribute capital, and conglomerates such as General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE) and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK-A).

ALSO READ: America s Highest Paying Companies

For years, oil companies were at the top of the profit food chain among U.S. public companies. The sole exception to that was Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT). As the world s largest retailer, it was not very profitable on a margin basis. However, its revenue was so huge that it did not need much of a margin to produce high net income.

In the final analysis, oil companies and banks do not have to reinvent a product. Apple s climb to the position of the most profitable company in American has been based on constant reinventions, which makes the figure all the more remarkable. 
2015-04-20
22 Fintech Apps Coming To Apple Watch There are at least 22 fintech apps coming to Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s smartwatch. Read on to see which apps have been confirmed.

1. Scutify

Scutify (a financial social network) was the first fintech company to confirm to Benzinga that it was developing an app for Apple Watch.

"Anyone that's an investor [will] want to be able to check stock quotes and interface with their portfolio and see if the portfolio is up or down and what it's doing for the day," Cody Willard, chairman of Scutify, told Benzinga. When asked why Scutify was so eager to jump on the Apple Watch bandwagon, Willard recalled the words of a hockey legend that was famously quoted by Apple co-founder Steve Jobs.

"You want to be as, Wayne Gretzky famously said, skating to where the puck is going, not to where it is," said Willard. "We've got to move forward if we're moving to a wearables culture."

2. NewsHedge

NewsHedge, a Chicago-based fintech startup that develops software solutions for the global financial community, is working on an app for multiple smartwatches.

"We have been excited by the results so far," Kevin Evenhouse, founder and CEO of NewsHedge, told Benzinga. "The vibration features are great for keeping your focus where it needs to be. As we all know, bankers and traders love watches."

Evenhouse said that NewsHedge recently discovered that there is a "good possibility that the mono speaker in the Apple Watch should support our squawking (mp3) technologies."

"We're following the same methodology for developing our phone apps," he added. "You build it for Android first, then port it to Apple. It's an easier development path."

Related Link: Prism Is Raising More Money To Succeed Where Big Banks Have Failed

3. Prism

Prism, a startup devoted to simplifying the way consumers pay bills, has developed an Apple Watch companion app for use with its iPhone app.

"With the companion app, you will be able to see at a glance if you have any bills coming due, and if you do, you will be able to quickly pay them right from your watch," Steve Gordon, co-founder and CTO of Prism, told Benzinga. "We are particularly excited about Apple's execution with the Apple Watch and believe that there are a variety of lightweight scenarios, including paying your bills, that are a natural fit for the watch form factor. Quickly paying your bills is a feature that resonates with our current customers, so we believe they will love the option to use their watch."

A look at Prism's companion app. Image Credit: Prism.

4. Unspent

Unspent, an app that allows users to track their spending and set up budgets for multiple spending types, is coming to Apple Watch.

5. Fidelity

Fidelity is building an app for Apple Watch that will give its customers a "distinctive overview of global markets and alerts on stocks and investments in real-time right on their wrist."

6. iBank

iBank sounds like it will provide some of the same features as Unspent -- plus a whole lot more.

7. MoneyWiz 2

MoneyWiz is bringing its latest app to Apple's highly anticipated smartwatch. The app will allow users to check account balances and create expenses/incomes on the go. Users will also be able to change the theme to match the look of their watch.

8. Citibank

Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C) has developed an Apple Watch app that will allow customers to check their account details and locate the nearest ATMs, among other features.

9. E*TRADE

E*TRADE Financial Corp (NASDAQ: ETFC) plans to have an app available in time for the Apple Watch's domestic debut on April 24. Finance Magnates detailed the app, which will allow users to "follow the markets and their own portfolios." Users will not be able to enter trades, however.

10. IG Group Holdings

In a separate story, Finance Magnates reported that IG Group Holdings Plc (OTC: IGGHY) was the first company to announce an actual trading application for the Apple Watch.

11. Chronicle

Some people need help remembering when it's time to pay their bills. Chronicle hopes to meet their needs.

12. Redfin

Scheduled to debut at launch, the Redfin home buying app will allow users to find nearby homes that are for sale, view photos and statistics (prices, square footage, etc.) and info with friends and family, among other features.

13. Trulia

According to Time, Trulia will also bring real estate listings to the Apple Watch.

14. BillGuard

Lots of apps allow users to track their spending -- this one also lets them know when a fraudulent charge has been made. According to Time, BillGuard (which is already on iOS and Android) will provide those features to Apple Watch users.

15. Discover

Time also reported that Discover Financial Services (NYSE: DFS) is making an app that will allow Discover cardholders to check available credit, bank balances and other tidbits.

16. BankMobile

According to Bank Innovation, BankMobile is among the startups that are interested in Apple's new smartwatch. The company, which claims to be the only banking service in America with "absolutely no fees," is reportedly working on an Apple Watch app.

17. DAB Bank

Bank Innovation also reported that German company DAB Bank is developing an Apple Watch app.

18. PortfolioWatch

PortfolioWatch is one of the few apps that actually requires users to pay a couple bucks. Buy the iPhone/iPad version today and get the Apple Watch version for free when it becomes available.

19. 24me

There has been a lot of talk about the Apple Watch's various health and fitness features, but few have talked about its ability to act as a personal assistant. 24me could change that. Best of all, users can add info from their favorite financial service providers.

20. Pennies

Another personal budgeting app, Pennies is available for the iPhone and is being developed for the Apple Watch.

21. Call Levels

Call Levels announced this week that it is bringing its real-time financial monitoring and notification service to Apple's smartwatch.

22. Mint

Mint was one of the first apps confirmed for the Apple Watch. The company describes it as a "companion to the Mint iPhone experience."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Cody Willard Kevin Evenhouse NewsHedge PRISM ScutifyTop Stories Exclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Inside the iPhone 6s -- What to Expect from the Apple Inc. A9 There has been plenty of speculation as to what Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) plans to bring to the table with its next generation iPhone, often referred to as the iPhone 6s. There has also been much debate as to which semiconductor foundry will ultimately end up manufacturing the bulk of the A9 chips that are expected to power the device.

What there has not been much talk about, however, is what kind of improvements we can expect to see in going from the A8 inside of the iPhone 6 to the A9. Here is how I am currently thinking about it.

Time for a beefier graphics processor

When Apple released the A8, I was a bit surprised to see that Apple had chosen the Imagination PowerVR GX6450 graphics block -- I thought that the move to the much denser 20-nanometer technology would give Apple the area budget to implement the more powerful GX6650.

Since Apple is reportedly moving to a 14/16-nanometer FinFET manufacturing technology, the company should be able to fit more performance into a given power envelope. Imagination says that on an apples-to-apples basis, its Series 7XT GPUs should offer between 35% and 61% more performance than comparable Series 6XT processor at the same clock speed.

Furthermore, if the 14/16-nanometer technologies that Apple is reportedly building the A9 on allows the company to increase the clock speed of the A9 graphics block over the A8, the performance improvement should be even greater than the numbers Imagination provided.

Is this enough to retake the crown from Samsung?

The AnandTech review of the Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S6 seems to indicate that the Exynos 7420 inside of the S6 has the fastest mobile graphics processor currently shipping, courtesy of the ARM Mali-T760MP8. The chip is implemented in Samsung 14-nanometer technology.

The GPU inside of the Samsung chip looks to be anywhere from 35% to 50% faster than the GX6450 that powers the Apple A8 chip.

If Apple implements the GT7400, and if it can achieve higher clock speeds with that graphics processor than the GX6450 inside of the A8, then the architectural improvements coupled with the frequency uplift should allow the A9 to outperform the Exynos 7420.

A big improvement in CPU performance likely coming up, too

In terms of CPU performance, the Exynos 7420 bests the A8 in all three of the performance tests that AnandTech ran. The largest performance delta -- seen in the WebXPRT test -- came in at just over 26%.

If Apple simply ports the "Enhanced Cyclone" cores over to a 14/16-nanometer process, then a clock speed boost -- perhaps to 1.8GHz -- would be enough to give Apple back its CPU performance lead.

That said, I do not think Apple is hiring top notch CPU architects just to port older designs to newer processes. I suspect that the CPU cores inside of the A9 will be substantially enhanced over the CPU cores inside of the A8. I also believe that, in addition to per-GHz performance enhancements, Apple will clock the A9 CPUs higher than the A8 CPUs.

Given that Apple keeps hiring top notch CPU talent, I would be floored if the A9 did not deliver a very healthy CPU performance gain over the A8. Apple Could And Should Diversify To The Renewable Energy Business Apple and SunPower will be co-owners of two 20-MW solar energy farms in China.

Tim Cook is a dedicated activist for addressing the climate change problem. Cook made it clear last year that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will continue to invest in sustainable energy. Apple, as long as Cook is in charge, does not care about Return on Investment (ROI) over the company's spending on clean energy facilities.

Cook angrily suggested last year that shareholders who care too much about ROI over renewable energy expenses should ditch their shares. I opine that Apple's boss might be open to expansion to the renewable energy business. My thesis is supported by Apple's recent team up with SunPower (NASDAQ:SPWR) to build and operate two 20-megawatt solar energy facilities in China.

The joint venture between Apple and SunPower is a commercial undertaking that will provide electricity to homes in the ABA Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefectures in Sichuan, China.

Apple also hired SunPower in 2012 to build its 20-megawatt solar farm for its data centers in North Carolina. However, I believe Apple should not only build solar farms for its data centers or for its own use. Apple's shareholders would appreciate it very much if the company expands toward for-profit renewable energy investments.

I am not saying that Apple should buy SunPower. But most shareholders will find Cook's spending on renewable energy more palatable if SunPower and Apple build more commercial venture solar farms in China and Asia.

China Is A Great Market For Renewable Energy

Cook's fondness toward clean energy sources (as a means to cure the climate change problem) could be a viable diversification product/service to lessen Apple's reliance on iPhone sales. Monetizing China's huge market should not be limited to selling iPhones and iPads. China is emerging as a giant in solar power energy.

Apple, with its vast cash reserves, can help SunPower become a key player in China's fast-growing renewable energy industry. China's solar power capacity posted a 60% growth in 2014 to 28 gigawatts. But that is only 2.1% of China's total power capacity of 1,360 gigawatts.

The two upcoming 20-megawatt Apple/SunPower solar farms in China are just a small drop in a giant bucket. China aims to add another 15 gigawatts of solar power capacity this year. China aims to make non-fossil fuel energy sources deliver 15% of its total energy need by 2020.

Apple and SunPower could have long-term benefits if they make a serious play for China's fast-growing solar power industry. Morgan Stanley made it clear last year that China is going to be the biggest growth driver for the solar energy business.

China's position as the world's biggest manufacturer of goods means it will continue to see a strong surge in electricity requirements. It would please Cook if the next versions of iPhones and iPads from Foxconn's Chinese factories are manufactured using solar energy.

The Global Solar PV Industry Is Huge

It is impossible for me now to guesstimate the economic benefits of Apple getting serious in solar or renewable energy. The company makes too much money from selling iPhones, but there will come a time when this gold mine will not be as profitable as it is right now.

The high margin policy on iPhones will not endure forever. Cheaper premium Android and Windows phones will pressure Apple to eventually lower the price tags of its future iPhones. I am therefore hoping that the close relationship with SunPower and Cook's fondness for renewable energy would inspire Apple to gamble on solar, wind, and other non-fossil fuel energy businesses.

I believe Apple could do better on renewable energy rather than gambling on electric vehicles. The low price of oil means ordinary consumers will continue to buy more diesel and premium gas-powered cars.

There might be a bigger opportunity in providing factories and residential homes with renewable energy. The solar photovoltaic industry alone is slated to grow into a market worth more than $140 billion annually.

Conclusion

It might not be profitable for Apple now to go heavy on solar energy services. However, as solar panels get cheaper and more efficient, a renewable energy gamble could end up a big winner in the future.

Cook is young and strong. He will reign at Apple for a long time. I hope that Apple would be one of the biggest firms helping reduce the planet's consumption of toxic fossil fuels. Coal is cheap. Oil is cheap. Nuclear power is very cheap. However, health is wealth. Renewable energy like those from solar farms are more healthy to people and the environment.

The health tracking feature of the new Apple Watch is best optimized when users are not breathing the toxic fumes of coal-powered power plants. Siemens also says there is a great opportunity in renewable energy. China is not the only market for solar and wind energy farms.

Siemens predict that by 2030 renewable energy sources will have a bigger share than nuclear power in the global electricity generation.

Even the Philippines is aggressively investing in renewable energy. My province, Ilocos Norte, has a 4.1-megawatt solar farm and 150-megawatt wind power facility. Unfortunately, the renewable energy industry here is a laggard compared to China.

Apple and SunPower could also help lower the carbon footprint of power plants in the Philippines. The Wall Street Journal has warned that the Philippines is in an energy crisis. It might be the reason why my country has the most expensive electricity in Asia and fifth most expensive kilowatt per hour electricity rate in the world.

The experts have declared solar as the best solution to the Philippines continuing short supply in electricity. Apple's money and SunPower's expertise could help put up a network of small and medium scale solar farms in the Philippines and other Asian countries.

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-06-14
Spotify vs. Apple, Inc.: This Time, David Won't Slay Goliath Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently unveiled its new music streaming service, Apple Music. The service will launch with more than 35 million streaming songs, and will be integrated with users' existing iTunes tracks and ripped CDs. Paying users can also download up to 100,000 streaming songs for offline listening.

The platform also includes Beats 1 radio -- a live Internet radio station that features exclusive content, interviews, guest presenters, and more -- which complements Apple's other genre-specific radio stations. Another feature is Connect, a limited social network which lets musicians share content with fans.

Will Apple's aggressive blitz in the streaming music market topple Spotify, the market leader in paid on-demand music? Or is Apple underestimating the loyalty of Spotify users?

Is Spotify in trouble?

Shortly after Apple's announcement, Spotify released a blog post highlighting its growth figures. Between May 2014 and June 2015, Spotify's paid subscriber base doubled from 10 million to 20 million, while active listeners rose from 40 million to 75 million. Apple reportedly hopes that Apple Music -- which will also arrive on Android later this year -- will eventually reach 100 million paid subscribers.

Both Apple Music and Spotify offer a comparable number of songs. Both services cost $9.99 per month, but Apple offers family sharing for up to six users for $14.99. Spotify offers sharing for just two users for $14.99, although the company recently stated that it would match Apple's prices. Apple is also offering a free three month trial, compared to Spotify's 60-day trial.

Apple Music isn't Apple's first attempt at streaming music. Back in 2011, it launched Match, which charges $25 per year to store iTunes purchases and ripped music in the cloud. But as of last April, the service still had fewer than a million subscribers.

Apple took a bigger leap in 2013 with iTunes Radio, a Pandora (NYSE:P)-like service. iTunes Radio was free with ads, but ads could be removed with a Match subscription. Apple hasn't disclosed official listener figures for iTunes Radio, but Spotify is the market leader with an 85% share of paid streaming music worldwide, while Pandora remains a primarily ad-supported service with about 80 million active listeners. However, Apple still sells up to 85% of all digital music downloads worldwide through iTunes.

Spotify by the numbers

In Spotify's aforementioned blog post, the company stated that it paid over $300 million in royalties in the first three months of 2015, declaring that it was "good for music," "good for music fans," and "good for music makers." What Spotify didn't mention was that royalties are also really bad for business.

Last year, Spotify's revenue rose 45% annually to  1.08 billion ($1.21 billion), but its net loss widened from  55.9 million to  162 million ($182 million). During that period, royalty and distribution costs rose 46% annually to  882 million ($990 million). Royalty costs outpacing revenue growth is a bad sign, and being forced to match Apple's prices could push Spotify deeper into the red.

According to a leaked contract obtained by Digital Music News, Apple will pay master rights holders (artists and performers) 58% of revenue generated by Apple Music subscriptions, although nothing would be paid during the three month trial period. Spotify pays 70% of subscription revenue back to all rights holders, including publishers and composers, but the estimated cut for master rights holders should be comparable to Apple's.

Why Spotify can't last against Apple

Owning iTunes gives Apple much more clout with record labels, which generate more revenue from digital downloads than from streaming subscription royalties. Since merging streaming radio and iTunes will likely generate more track and album purchases, popular musicians like Taylor Swift -- who withdrew her albums from Spotify last year -- have signed with Apple Music.

Spotify has cried foul, leading to a U.S. investigation of Apple's business practices. The U.S. Department of Justice, Federal Trade Commission, and the European Commission have already been investigating accusations that Apple was pressuring labels to drop their contracts with Spotify's free ad-supported tier.

Taking out Spotify's ad-supported tier would cripple its ability to gain new free users and convert them to paying ones. Unlike Pandora, which generates most of its revenue from ads for free users, 91% of Spotify's revenue came from subscription fees last year.

This time, David won't win

Apple is dead serious about conquering the streaming media market, and unless it gets tripped up by regulators, rivals like Spotify and Pandora could be crushed. If Spotify and Pandora resist, Apple could simply lower prices to bleed them out. After the smoke clears, Apple's iTunes revenue -- which declined 5% annually in the first six months of fiscal 2015 -- might start rising again. 5 Tech Companies Spending More on R&D Than Apple Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is one of the most innovative companies on the planet, and its ballooning research and development budget reflects the cost of that innovation. The company has more than tripled its R&D spending since 2010.

But while Apple has invested $7.1 billion in R&D over the past 12 months, several tech companies are shelling out even more cash. Let's look at what these big spenders are working on.

Samsung: $12.6 billion

As Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) fights off growing competition to its huge smartphone and tablet business, the company is spending heavily to develop the hottest new technology and products. Over the past 12 months, R&D expenses amounted to $12.6 billion.

Most of that spending goes toward new products like smartphones, tablets, TVs, and just about anything with an "on" button. The company runs a chip foundry, so it needs to invest in new processes to remain competitive in that space. It also makes displays and cameras for its own products, as well as those of its competitors.

As hardware sales struggle, Samsung has no choice but to open its wallet if the company wants to maintain its lofty revenue totals.

Microsoft: $12.1 billion

Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) racked up a total of $12.1 billion in R&D expenses over the past 12 months. The company continues to invest in its Windows operating system, but it has actually reduced investments in that area relative to previous years.

Instead, Microsoft is focusing on its transition to the mobile-first and cloud-first world. To that end, the company is investing in mobile hardware, including handsets and tablets, apps, and cloud services. With a growing portion of its revenue coming from hardware and commercial cloud and enterprise services, this new focus looks to be paying off for the company.

Intel: $11.7 billion

By its nature, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) is an R&D company. It spent $11.7 billion over the past 12 months developing the next generation of computer processors, and its work is never finished. There is always room for improvement -- faster, smaller, more efficient technology.

The decline in the PC market has hit Intel hard, as it still generates 60% of its revenue from PCs. As a result, Intel has shifted some of its attention to the server business, while competing intensely for every piece of the PC market.

The upcoming Skylake release should help the company maintain its lead in PC chips. Its new Xeon server processors may feature 24 cores on 14 nanometer architecture, and leaks of its Purley server platform indicate that it is making big advances in its server business.

Google: $10.5 billion

Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) is hard at work on all sorts of different projects, from self-driving cars to Internet-carrying weather balloons. It is no surprise that its R&D expense has also ballooned to $10.5 billion for the past year.

Most of the R&D budget goes toward improvements in its search algorithm, artificial-intelligence capabilities, and content delivery -- basically, anything that makes it easier to understand the content on the Web and the people viewing that content. The company is also developing its mobile operating system and expanding the feature set to better compete with Apple.

With its hand in just about everything related to technology, Google has an R&D budget that is sure to continue expanding.

Amazon: $10 billion

While technically a retailer, Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) is spending some serious money on technology research and development. Over the past 12 months, that line item has reached $10 billion.

This spending goes mostly toward its cloud infrastructure, which Amazon uses for its own services, such as the online store and Prime Instant Video. However, it also rents out space to other businesses. On top of that, Amazon continues to develop its Kindle line of e-readers and tablets, as well as other hardware endeavors such as the Fire smartphone, Fire TV, and the Echo.

This massive R&D budget makes it more of a competitor with Google and Microsoft than with other retailers, and the continued growth in its Amazon Web Services business requires spending in line with those competitors.

The sweet spot

High R&D spend is often a good indicator that a company is dedicated to innovation and willing to pay to keep an edge over the competition. That leads to increases in revenue and earnings, which generally results in a rising stock price.

However, not all R&D spend is created equal. Too much, and it can deteriorate shareholder value with weaker returns on their investments. Interestingly enough, a study from Bernstein Research found that tech companies spending more than 18% of revenue on R&D tend to underperform the market, while those that spend less outperform. Despite the high R&D budgets of all the companies we have discussed, just one spent more than 18% of revenue: Intel. The Biggest Risk to Apple Inc. Stock Nearly one year after its seven-for-one stock split, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) continues its phenomenal run. During the last year, the company is up nearly 37% while the broader S&P 500 index is up only 8% during that period. And as Apple continues to tip the scales as the largest publicly traded company ever, we asked a few of our technology specialists what could stop Cupertino's amazing growth.

Dan Caplinger: Apple stock might well seem invulnerable, given the company's huge rise to boasting the biggest market capitalization of any stock in the market. Yet the same forces that have helped drive Apple shares higher could end up being part of its share-price downfall.

Index investors in the S&P 500 automatically buy Apple shares every time they invest, with the tech giant making up the biggest portion of the popular benchmark. Now, Apple's market cap is about double the next highest in the S&P 500, and that has raised concerns that the company has too much influence over the market.

In the past, the Nasdaq 100 index faced this same problem, and it took the remarkable step of slashing Apple's weighting compared to other large tech stocks. At the time, Apple made up more than 20% of the Nasdaq 100, but after those rebalancing changes were made, its influence fell to just more than 12%.

With the S&P 500 calculating weightings using float-adjusted market capitalization, changes in Apple's share price should automatically get reflected in its influence on the index. Nevertheless, if the company that manages the S&P 500 decides that a new methodology for assigning weightings is appropriate, it could lead to the selling of Apple shares by index funds that could, in turn, have a downward influence on its stock price.

Tim Brugger: No doubt about it, Apple is on a great run coming off record Q2 results and eye-popping smartphone sales. Of course, all publicly traded companies have risks to consider, and that includes Apple.

Last quarter demonstrates what I consider to be the biggest risk to Apple long term: an over reliance on iPhone revenues. Last quarter was a microcosm of Apple's lack of revenue diversification: A whopping 70% of Apple's $58 billion in Q2 revenues were derived from iPhone sales. iFans may point out that the fairly recent introduction of the iPhones skewed the figure, and there's something to be said for that.

However, last year's Q2 results were much the same, though not quite as dramatic. In 2014's Q2, iPhone revenues accounted for 57% of total sales, a figure that still speaks to Apple's over reliance on one product. Smartphones are a highly competitive market, one in which Apple dominates. But what happens if competitors -- over time -- are able to eat into Apple's iPhone market share? Or, as my associate Jamal addresses in more detail below, what happens if telecoms decide to stop footing the iPhone bill?

It's not just Apple; any company that relies too heavily on one product is at risk. Historically, Apple has been known for its innovation, something it could use a great deal more of to limit the risk associated with its lack of revenue diversification.

Jamal Carnette: Although the broad concern is the same, I'm going to be slightly more nuanced than my colleague Tim. During the last two quarters, the company has registered 50%-plus revenue growth in the iPhone product line with many expecting an additional 50 million units to be sold in the current quarter. In the end, I think that could be a problem for the stock in the near term as the company will suffer from tough year-over-year comparisons with both unit sales and average selling prices. This extreme reliance on iPhone revenues has the potential to put a crimp in Apple's top and bottom lines.

These concerns are perhaps larger in the United States, where there's a definite trend toward carriers pushing subscribers away from the device subsidy of yesteryear. And while each situation is different, as there are definite benefits to paying full price for your phone including pay-as-you-go relationships without termination fees, it seems this is also a negative for iPhone sales. For example, last year, research firm Kantar, by way of The Wall Street Journal, noted that Apple had market-share figures of 40% plus in the United States and Japan, countries with a device subsidy, while its global market share was 12%.

These carriers are allowing installment plans to pay for the phone, but decoupling the phone price leads to price awareness, and could lead to a trade down, or at least a slower upgrade cycle. In the end, either of those things are bad for iPhone sales.

Apple's growing like gangbusters in China, a country that's never been spoiled by the device subsidy, and will probably handle any carrier changes in the U.S., as well. In the end, I think it's something to keep an eye on, but I continue to own Apple, and haven't lost a night's sleep yet. 1 Big Reason to Buy Apple Inc. Stock Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is one of the most popular companies in the market, and most analysts are deeply focused on its latest announcements and innovations. This is quite understandable, because products and services are undeniably important. After all, that's where sales and earnings come from.

However, from an investors' point of view, cash flow distributions can be a powerful return driver, so this factor should not be overlooked, especially when considering Apple, as it looks positioned to deliver big gains for investors on the back of growing dividends and share buybacks over years to come.

Apple's growing dividends and buybacks

Apple reinstated its dividend in 2012, and increased payments by 15% in 2013, 8% in 2014, and 11% in 2015. The quarterly payment is $0.52 per share; this means a dividend yield of 1.6% at current prices, which is not particularly exciting in comparison to other dividend stocks in the tech industry.

Management is prioritizing share buybacks over dividends when it comes to rewarding shareholders. Apple has recently increased its share-repurchase authorization to $140 billion from the $90 billion level announced last year. From the inception of its capital-return program in August 2012 through this March, Apple has returned more than $80 billion to shareholders in the form of buybacks.

Importantly, the company has a lot of room to raise dividends and buybacks during the years to come. Apple has nearly $194 billion in cash and liquid investments on its balance sheet. Even after deducting $40 billion in long-term debt, and $3.8 billion in commercial paper obligations, this still leaves the company with a gargantuan net cash position of more than $150 billion.

Even better, the business generates massive amounts of money on a recurring basis. Operating cash flow during the six-month period ended March 28 was $52.8 billion, a 46% increase from the same period last year. Free cash flow in the first two quarters of fiscal 2015 was $47.2 billion, a 44% year-over-year increase.

Share buybacks absorbed only $12 billion of that money, and dividends accounted for an additional $5 billion, so capital distributions required only 36% of free cash flow. This means Apple has more than enough financial resources to continue increasing payments during the coming years, both when looking at its cash balance and the money coming in from the business every quarter.

Why this could mean big gains for investors

Dividend yield is by far the most well-known cash-return metric; however, shareholder yield could be a more comprehensive approach to measuring capital distributions. Shareholder yield includes dividend yield, and it also adds share buybacks and debt reductions; so it measures how much money the company is distributing via different avenues.

According to data from YCharts, Apple is paying a generous shareholder yield of 5.4% on a trailing 12-month basis. This was before the company announced its dividend increase and enlarged buyback program in the latest earnings report.

Based on research from Mebane Faber's book, Shareholder Yield: A Better Approach to Dividend Investing, companies with high shareholder yield tend to outperform not only the broad market, but also high-dividend-yield stocks. According to the author, from 1982 to 2011, a basket of high-dividend-yield stocks produced an average return of 13.4% per year, comfortably beating the S&P 500 Index and its annual return of 10.96%. However, companies with high shareholder yield did even better, delivering a big gain of 15.04% per year through that period.

Also, dividend growth can be more important than dividend yield in terms of total returns for investors. Goldman Sachs calculates that $10,000 invested in non-dividend-paying stocks in 1972 would have turned to $30,363 by the end of 2014. Dividend-paying companies did much better, as the same amount of money invested in dividend stocks would have turned into $461,904.

Better yet, companies with consistent dividend growth outperformed both dividend and non-dividend-paying companies by a huge margin: A $10,000 investment in companies consistently raising dividends from 1972 to 2014 would have turned into an exponentially bigger $630,024 at the end of the period.

Apple is in a position of strength to continue increasing both dividends and buybacks during the coming years, and this has proven to be one of the simplest and most powerful return drivers for investors. When considering cash flow distributions and their impact on total returns, things are looking good for investors in Apple stock. Can Apple, Inc.'s News Take On Facebook Instant Articles? Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) announced a slew of new offerings at its opening WWDC keynote this week. Many of these new apps or services take direct aim at rivals big and small. For instance, all of the improvements to Apple's Notes app could potentially threaten popular apps like Evernote. With the announcement of Apple's brand new News app, what are the implications in the marketplace?

Farewell, Newsstand, we hardly knew you

Creating a new News app is a tacit admission that Apple's Newsstand has been a failure. Launched in 2011, Newsstand is little more than a bona fide folder for news apps. Apple had hoped to bolster the flailing publishing industry by helping publishers sell digital magazine subscriptions, but it's unclear whether or not publishers saw much uplift from Apple's efforts. My guess would be "no."

What Apple is trying to do is address the often disjointed experience of hopping between multiple apps to get the latest news. The Mac maker has created a new Apple News format for publishers to use to create interactive and engaging content. Recognizing how most news publishers make their money, advertising is also integrated.

Advertising Opportunities

Monetization is made simple with iAd, Apple's advertising platform. Earn 100% of the revenue from ads you sell, and 70% when iAd sells ads for you. iAd provides campaign management, targeting and reporting capabilities that help drive your business.

If all of this sounds vaguely familiar, it's because Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) launched a similar offering just last month called Instant Articles.

One of these is just like the other

Instant Articles are meant to improve loading times by up to 10x, reducing the risk that a user will get tired of waiting and click away. Facebook is similarly allowing publishers to keep all revenue from ads that they sell, or they can also choose to use Facebook's Audience network to fill ad inventory.

Apple and Facebook are offering the exact same split of revenue sharing, where publishers keep 70% of revenue for ads sold through their respective networks, but keep 100% of revenue for ads that the publishers sell themselves. Even as both offerings are very similar, Facebook will likely win out over the long term.

Facebook cares a whole lot more

While Apple's goal of unifying the user experience of reading news is noble, ultimately, it's still more or less an afterthought. In contrast, winning over publishers to distribute content on its platform is core to Facebook's advertising business.

At the same time, Facebook's News Feed algorithms already aggregate a wide range of content that users follow, and they're already accustomed to consuming news there. The biggest difference is that Facebookers might see the occasional post about what a friend had for lunch in between article links. Going forward, Facebook will devote a lot more effort into Instant Articles than Apple will into its News app.

It's true that some journalists fear what these moves signify: publishers losing control of distribution, and where people consume news. But what the skeptics don't realize is that, if this is what the consumer wants, this is what the consumer will get. 
2015-12-13
A Big Apple, Inc. Event in March Could Be Great for the Stock Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is planning its next big product launch event for March, reports Mark Gurman of 9to5Mac. The star of the show will be the Apple Watch 2, which is scheduled to go on sale in April 2016, according to Gurman's sources.

Apple stock has been floundering since this summer, mainly because of worries about slowing iPhone growth. Depending on what other products Apple announces, a March product launch event could go a long way toward getting the stock back on track.

Lots of potential products

Apple first introduced the Apple Watch in September 2014, but it gave a more detailed look at the Watch in March. That lends credibility to the report that it intends to launch the second-generation Apple Watch in March 2016.

Well-connected Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo has been reporting lately that Apple will launch a new 4-inch phone in the first half of 2016. This device -- tentatively labeled the iPhone 6c by pundits -- would essentially be an iPhone 5s with upgraded hardware. Kuo's good track record of Apple product predictions means the iPhone 6c would likely be included in a March product launch event, too.

Additionally, as my Foolish colleague Ashraf Eassa recently wrote, much of Apple's MacBook lineup is due for a refresh. The Mac Pro lineup could also be ready for an upgrade by March. Finally, Apple didn't introduce a successor to the iPad Air 2 this fall, so it wouldn't be too surprising to see the iPad Air 3 arrive in the spring.

An iPhone 6c could keep unit sales steady

Of all these potential new products, the rumored iPhone 6c might be the most important to Apple's near-term performance. Adoption of the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus is clearly running behind that of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus a year ago. Apple is on track to reach "normal" inventory levels for both models months before it did in last year's product cycle.

Apple is still likely to post iPhone sales growth this quarter due to inventory growth, some timing differences compared to last year, and stronger sales of discounted older models. But without a new sales catalyst, Apple could post year-over-year iPhone shipment declines in the next couple of quarters.

This wouldn't be the end of the world, as the arrival of the iPhone 7 later in 2016 should get iPhone sales growing quickly again. However, launching an iPhone 6c in March could help minimize the potential sales slowdown that might otherwise occur before the iPhone 7 goes on sale.

I don't expect the iPhone 6c (if it even exists) to be a massive hit. In a recent poll of U.S. consumers, only 20% said they prefer a 4-inch screen size. Still, that represents a noteworthy pool of demand that Apple could tap into with the iPhone 6c, and it could be the difference between stable iPhone sales and significant declines during the next two quarters.

Other products could bolster non-iPhone revenue growth

Longer term, Apple needs to get stronger growth from its other product lines to diversify its revenue away from the iPhone. New products from the March event could help Apple make progress toward this goal.

Most importantly, the Apple Watch 2 is likely to bring noticeable improvements that drive higher adoption of this new product line. For comparison, Apple sold fewer than 6 million iPhones in the first four full quarters after the product was launched. In the next four quarters, the upgraded iPhone 3G drove sales of more than 20 million units.

Similarly, Apple sold 19.5 million iPads in the first four quarters of availability. The launch of the iPad 2 caused unit sales to more than double to 47.6 million in the following four quarters. Apple hasn't said exactly how much revenue the Apple Watch is generating, but it's clearly billions of dollars a year. If Watch revenue were to more than double in the second year of availability, it would start to have a significant impact on Apple's results.

An iPad Air 3 launch in March could also be the final piece of the puzzle needed to return the iPad line to strong growth in 2016.

The recently launched iPad Pro is opening up a new, potentially lucrative market for the iPad, while the iPad Mini 4 is a big improvement on previous 7.9" iPads. However, more than 70% of iPad usage still comes from 9.7" models. Many of these are reaching prime replacement age, and a new state-of-the-art iPad Air 3 could therefore catalyze a major upgrade cycle.

Finally, while new MacBooks or Mac Pros aren't likely to drive a massive change in the Mac sales trend, it's still necessary to update them every so often to keep sales growing. Indeed, the Mac product line has generated steady sales growth for Apple in the past few years.

There are a lot of ways that Apple could delight shareholders this March. But we'll have to wait until then to find out which new products will be debuting next spring. Apple: Foxconn Data Points To Moderating iPhone Sales Growth  
2015-04-03
Is Samsung Falling Behind Apple Inc. and Google Inc. In This $71 Billion Market? Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) recently delayed its new smart home devices, which were expected to launch later this month. The devices, which form the backbone of the company's smart home ambitions, will now "most likely" arrive in the third quarter of 2015. Will this setback give Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) an early edge in the smart home market?

Samsung's mobile woes

To understand what home automation means to Samsung, we should first review the company's mobile woes.

In smartphones, Samsung's global market share fell from a peak of 35% in 2013 to 20% at the end of 2014, according to IDC. That was caused by companies like Xiaomi and Micromax launching comparable devices at lower prices, and Apple nullifying its big screen advantage with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. As a result, Samsung's mobile earnings plunged 64% year-over-year in the fourth quarter of 2014, resulting in the company's first annual earnings drop in three years.

Samsung tried to distance itself from other Android devices with unique curved devices like the Galaxy Edge Note and Galaxy S6 Edge. It also tried to diversify its top line with smartwatches, VR headsets, and investments in medical devices. To break away from Google, it launched its own app store, music streaming service, and mobile OS, Tizen.

The company installed Tizen on its Gear smartwatches, cameras, and a smartphone, but the fledgling OS is still dwarfed by Android in terms of users and apps. In January, Samsung announced that it would launch a "flood" of Tizen-powered devices like smart TVs and appliances throughout 2015.

That strategy was intended to complement its 2014 acquisition of SmartThings, an open platform for smart home devices.

Samsung's smart home ambitions

Last November, Samsung launched the SmartThings hub, which synchronizes data from Samsung smart devices to a mobile app on iOS, Android, and Windows Phone. New Tizen-powered devices were expected to eventually connect to the hub as well, which would give the OS a new life in home appliances.

Unfortunately, the original SmartThings hub was plagued by connectivity disruptions and stability issues. The delayed next-gen hub was intended, along with the new devices, to fix those problems by processing data through local connections instead of the cloud.

The smart home market, which Juniper Research expects to grow from $33 billion in 2013 to $71 billion in 2018, could help Samsung simultaneously diversify its top line beyond mobile devices and strengthen its consumer electronics business.

Apple HomeKit and Google Nest

Meanwhile, Apple and Google are leveraging their dominance of mobile devices to expand into the smart home market. Apple's platform, HomeKit, is expected to turn the Apple TV into a smart home hub. Google is using Nest, the smart thermostat it acquired for $3.2 billion last year, as its hub.

Both Apple and Google will rely on partners to create smart light bulbs, smart locks, and other devices to synchronize to their hubs. Many smart devices will be compatible with more than one platform. Samsung can sell its own smart devices via its consumer electronics arm, as well as rely on industry partners.

The official launch date for the HomeKit platform remains unknown, although some HomeKit-compatible products have already reached the market. According to recent rumors, Apple might launch HomeKit after the Apple Watch arrives on April 24, which would give developers a chance to develop watch-based smart home apps.

Nest, which has been commercially available for several years, has a head start over Samsung and Apple. However, Google hasn't disclosed any official sales figures. Back in Jan. 2014, Morgan Stanley estimated that Nest was selling 100,000 thermostats monthly, which would only equal annual sales of 1.2 million units worldwide. By comparison, there are over 115 million households in the U.S. and 1 billion Android handsets shipped last year.

To early to call

Samsung's delay of its next-gen smart home devices was disappointing, but Google and Apple aren't that much farther ahead. However, tech investors should keep a close eye on the smart home, IoT, and wearable markets, which could become major growth industries over the next few years. Samsung Said to Win Apple A9 Chip Orders for Next IPhone Samsung Electronics Co. will manufacture the main chip in Apple Inc. s next iPhone model, regaining a customer previously lost to Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co., people with direct knowledge of the matter said.

Samsung will start making Apple A9 processor chips at its Giheung plant in South Korea, the people said, asking not to be identified because the contract hasn t been discussed publicly. Additional orders will go to Samsung s partner Globalfoundries Inc., according to another person familiar with the arrangement.

Winning this order from Apple will help the world s second-largest chipmaker rebound against TSMC, which last year ended Samsung s monopoly over contracts to make iPhone and iPad chips. Both manufacturers have boosted capital expenditures to gain business from Apple and Qualcomm Inc. in the more than $300 billion semiconductor industry.

The Apple order may lead to additional business, said Song Myung Sup, a Seoul-based analyst at HI Investment & Securities Co.  If Globalfoundries quickly adopts Samsung s most advanced technology and increases yield, it could also win orders from Qualcomm. 

Kelly Yeo, a spokeswoman for Samsung, declined to comment. Kevin Kimbal, a Globalfoundries spokesman, said his company doesn t comment on any customer relationships. Josh Rosenstock, an Apple spokesman, declined to comment. Elizabeth Sun, a spokeswoman for TSMC, declined to comment.

Apple picked TSMC to produce A8 processors for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus devices. Those agreements came as the relationship between Apple and Samsung soured because of legal disputes dating to 2011.

Record Spending

Apple s decision to turn back to the rival for supply of crucial components may vindicate Samsung s investments in trying to grab the lead in manufacturing technology. Apple spent $25.8 billion on chips last year, accounting for 7.6 percent of industry purchases, researcher Gartner Inc. said.

The Cupertino, California-based smartphone maker has yet to announce specifications or unveil a design for its next new iPhone. In the past, Apple has introduced interim versions denoted with an S, leading to speculation the next device out this year will be the iPhone 6s.

Supplying chips for the iPhone and its own S6 smartphone will help Samsung turn its non-memory semiconductor business from a 1 trillion won ($914 million) loss last year to a 1 trillion won gain, said Song of HI Investment.

Samsung and TSMC said they would invest heavily this year to put advanced production capabilities in their plants, moves that analysts said were based on assumptions they would get orders from Apple.

Taiwan Semiconductor, the world s biggest contract manufacturer of chips, budgeted a record $12 billion for plants and equipment. Chairman Morris Chang told investors in October that TSMC would lose ground to Samsung in the most-advanced chip technology before reclaiming the upper hand in 2016.

Battle Lines

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Whether Samsung can hold onto the contract exclusively may depend on how quickly TSMC can bring online more advanced production and the pricing that both companies are willing to offer Apple. The benefit of using one supplier -- in Samsung s case with the backup of Globalfoundries -- comes from the cost savings in designing the chip to fit that chipmaker s specific manufacturing technique and not having to replicate that work elsewhere.

UBS AG estimates Samsung made $3.7 billion in capital expenditures on its processor business last year and may raise that to $4.9 billion this year. Samsung doesn t disclose those figures, but executives said on a Jan. 29 conference call the company will boost spending this year.

Shares of Samsung closed flat at 1,434,000 won in Seoul today. The stock has risen 8.1 percent this year, compared with a 6.8 percent advance for the benchmark Kospi index.

The company is spending $15 billion on a new chip plant outside Seoul.

Samsung partnered with Globalfoundries last year in the made-to-order chip business, an alliance targeting TSMC. Globalfoundries is licensing Samsung s most advanced 14-nanometer processor technology, giving customers access to factories in Texas, New York state and South Korea.

One nanometer, equal to one billionth of a meter, measures the size of connections within a chip. A lower number implies more advanced technology, allowing semiconductors to be smaller and more powerful. 
2015-11-16
Is Demand for Apple, Inc.'s New iPhone 6s Slowing? As the largest company and the most-valuable brand, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) commands a lot of attention from both analysts and the media. More recently, however, there have been a host of negative attention surrounding Apple. Some reports are so outrageous one must assume they were done merely for attention, some appear to overestimate the risks, and others are entirely valid, although the fears have not materialized at this point.

As for the latter, perhaps the most tangible risk to Apple as an investment is if the company cannot continue to grow sales of its signature product -- the iPhone -- at a reasonable clip. And that's because Apple is the iPhone. see the chart below for a comparison of Apple's iPhone versus the rest of the company:

Over the last four months, Apple's been a bifurcated company with the iPhone registering three quarters of year-over-year 50% growth and a "slowing" quarter of 36%. The rest of the company, however, hasn't fared so well. In two of the last four quarters the company has reported year-over-year revenue drops.

With Apple's iPhone now commanding nearly two-thirds of its total revenue haul, the risk of a significant slowdown in iPhone sales is a valid one. And that's why a report from Credit Suisse has investors on edge.

Apple's leaky supply chain hints and disappointing unit sales

For Apple, a notoriously secretive company, its supply chain has become a somewhat, albeit imperfect, reliable indicator as to future products and technologies. And according to Credit Suisse, by way of Business Insider, the company is telling its host of hardware component manufacturers it needs fewer units than initially thought.

For an actual figure, the report mentions a 10% cut in components, leading the company to deduce a decrease in units built to less than 80 million units in the fourth calendar quarter. Next year, the company cut its estimates for units sold from 242 million to 222 million, a 6% year-over-year unit growth rate.

And considering the phones are the same cost as their predecessors, unlike last year's price increase that benefited Apple's comps over the past four quarters, it seems Apple's revenue growth rate in its iPhone line -- and overall -- should slow considerably going forward.

If so, and this is a big if, this could mean that Apple's biggest risk is on the horizon.

If Apple Samsung circa 2014?

A somewhat cautionary tale for Apple is Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) in 2014. Coming off of the wildly successful launch of the Galaxy S4, Samsung was expecting the same level of success for its follow-up Galaxy S5 unit. Unfortunately, the unit was widely considered a flop as many new users migrated to Apple's iPhone. Although Samsung's flagging sales seemed to be due to a competing product, the end result would be similar.

Even Samsung's current-gen Galaxy S6 has failed to catch on in a meaningful way. Recently, Samsung reported its first year-over-year quarterly operational profit increase in nearly two years, not on the strength of its smartphone business, but in its semiconductor business. As stated earlier, Apple's currently a one-product company, so an iPhone slowdown would hurt the company more than a Galaxy S6 slowdown hurt Samsung.

It should be noted there are a few tailwinds that could possibly make Credit Suisse's analysis invalid. There's been a transition to leasing options that could shorten the upgrade cycle, a new rumor that Apple is looking to release a 4-inch mid-cycle unit to add to sales, and that China could continue to outperform as the country has been difficult to model.

More broadly, though, I'm interested in how Tim Cook handles this situation, as slowing demand for the iPhone will be the biggest challenge he's faced as Apple's CEO. 3 Improvements That Apple Inc. May Bring to the A10 Processor Next Year With the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) A9 processor essentially a known quantity thanks to the various performance tests and tear-downs that have hit the Web over the last month or so, it's now time to look ahead to what Apple might do with its next-generation A10 processor, and in this article I'd like to put forth a couple of educated guesses about what I expect Apple to do with this chip.

Higher frequencies thanks to TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus

It is well known at this point that the A9 manufacturing contract is split between TSMC (NYSE:TSM) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF). This information was first reported by the China Times and has been verified in a number of other reports (I confirmed this information with a source I believe to be reliable, and famed KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo independently reported the same).

At any rate, I am told that in terms of transistor performance, TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus is superior to Samsung's 14-nanometer LPP process (Apple is building the A9 on both).

Given that the TSMC process is the better-performing one, and given that Apple doesn't have to worry about making sure the A10 can be manufactured to specification on the Samsung process (i.e., a "least common denominator"), I think Apple will be able to realize a "freebie" increase in CPU/graphics core frequency as a result of building the A10 on a more mature, intrinsically higher-performing 16-nanometer FinFET Plus process.

Support for much greater memory bandwidth

The A9 chip's memory controller supports LPDDR4-3200 memory, which gives the system-on-chip an effective memory bandwidth of 25.6 gigabytes per second. Since I believe that Apple will want to significantly improve the graphics performance of the A10 over the A9 (more on that later, though), I think it will want try to realize a big boost in memory bandwidth (i.e., the rate at which data can be transferred between the system-on-chip and system memory).

Fortunately, this should be fairly straightforward for Apple to achieve. Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) recently announced that it had begun mass production of LPDDR4-4266 speeds. This, as the memory giant notes in its press release, is a whopping 30% faster than the current LPDDR4-3200.

In a dual channel configuration, the A10 should be able to realize memory bandwidth of 33.28 gigabytes per second using this faster memory. This significantly increased memory bandwidth should allow Apple to scale up the performance of the rest of the SoC and worry less about bandwidth limitations.

More memory bandwidth means beefier graphics?

In AnandTech's review of the iPhone 6s, the reviewers noted that one of the reasons that Apple didn't move from a four-core graphics configuration to a six-core configuration until the A9 was due to the fact that the previous A-series chips were fairly bandwidth constrained.

If Apple goes ahead and uses this significantly faster memory as I expect it to, there could be room for Apple to upgrade the graphics configuration in the A10 from a six core PowerVR Series 7 design like the one in the A9 to an eight core Power VR Series 8 design.

Not only would Apple be able to deliver increased graphics performance by virtue of the architectural enhancements in a next-generation PowerVR GPU (or potentially even a custom Apple-designed GPU, since it is well-known that Apple has been working on one for quite a long time), but the additional cores would also help provide extra oomph.

This additional graphics performance will be especially important if Apple decides to increase the display resolutions on its next-generation iPhone 7/7 Plus phones, a move that is, quite frankly, a distinct possibility. Indeed, I suspect one of the reasons -- beyond additional power draw -- that Apple has been hesitant to move to even higher resolutions is that it wants to make sure that 3D games run well at the native resolutions of its devices. Apple's Tim Cook: No-one Wants An iPad-Mac Hybrid Apple CEO Tim Cook has told the The Irish Independent he has no plans to converge Cupertino s lovingly crafted iPad and Macbook hardware lines into a hybrid tablet-plus-laptop device   arguing that melding the two device types would undermine the user experience. And not-so-subtly throwing shade on rival Microsoft s approach to converged computing in the process. The latter of course recently unboxed the Surface Book   a hybrid laptop-tablet it s hoping will chase the iPad out of the enterprise, even as Apple doubles down on the demographic with the launch of an iPad Pro.

 We feel strongly that customers are not really looking for a converged Mac and iPad,  Cook told the newspaper.  Because what that would wind up doing, or what we re worried would happen, is that neither experience would be as good as the customer wants. So we want to make the best tablet in the world and the best Mac in the world. And putting those two together would not achieve either. You d begin to compromise in different ways. 

His comments clarify remarks he made earlier this month to The Telegraph newspaper, on a publicity drive to drum up noise to accompany the launch of the iPad Pro, in which Cook had appeared to suggest he thought there was no longer a role for PCs in a world of increasingly powerful and capable tablets.

 I think if you re looking at a PC, why would you buy a PC anymore? No really, why would you buy one?  he told The Telegraph last week.  Yes, the iPad Pro is a replacement for a notebook or a desktop for many, many people. They will start using it and conclude they no longer need to use anything else, other than their phones. 

However he has now made it clear he was referring specifically to Windows PCs, not Macs   telling the Independent:  We don t regard Macs and PCs to be the same , and arguing that while the difference between the chipset architecture of the Mac and the iPad is  much less than it s ever been  there is still a difference in how users use both device types.

 What we ve tried to do is to recognise that people use both iOS and Mac devices. So we ve taken certain features and made them more seamless across the devices. So with things like Handoff we just made it really simple to work on one of our products and pick it up and work on the next product,  he added.

TechCrunch s own Microsoft watcher, Alex Wilhelm, remained on the fence in his review of the Surface Book, suggesting  in its current form, the Surface Book will either be a direct hit for any given consumer, or too much .

While reviewing the iPad Pro, TC s editor and Apple watcher, Matthew Panzerino, argued that computing is not about any single solution but increasingly down to shades of grey.  I am not willing to declare the personal computer (non-Cupertino definition)  dead . I ll leave that to the bombasts. But there is a certain (sorry) norm-core computing demographic that could very well end up with an iPad Pro as the  enhanced  component to their smartphone, which is their real computer,  he wrote.

It s also worth noting that hybrid devices are nothing new. Android OEMs have been trying various configuration of phone-tablets and convertible laptop-tablets for years. What s a little shinier here   in terms of approach   is Microsoft pushing a converged OS across multiple device types, with Windows 10, a strategy that in turn directly contrasts with Apple committing to retaining separate (yet interoperable) mobile and desktop OSes.

On the one hand operating system convergence suggests the prospect of simplicity and interoperability across multiple device types   hence Cook stressing Apple s focus on usability, and features to improve interopability between Apple hardware. But, while convergence might imply improved simplicity, it s notable that users often resist moves to collapse distinctions   perhaps because they appreciate subtle distinctions, and perhaps also because they don t appreciate the loss of control (and privacy) that can occur when walls are knocked down.

So, for instance, people do not typically conduct all their communications via a single platform like Facebook but rather use multiple different apps and services   depending on who they are talking to and what they want to say. Such comms behavior is sophisticated, not simple, but is also (often) preferred. So Cook s view that users actively seek out and appreciate distinct computing experiences, rather than rush to collapse distinctions, does not feel a stretch.

Of course, it s in Apple s interests to maintain the value of distinct classes of computing hardware, given its business is a hardware one. And on that score Apple rivals pushing device convergence is also a strategy to directly attack the value of Cupertino s premium hardware business by foregrounding software. But just because you push convergence at users, doesn t mean people will embrace it. Software might be eating the world but it remains to be seen whether it can gobble up Apple s hardware business. Apple Beats Wage Claims in 12000-Member Class Action Stay informed and ready to meet both everyday challenges and long-term planning and policy-making goals, with focused news, practical information, and strategic insights on all HR-related developments.

By Jon Steingart

Nov. 9   Apple Inc. prevailed in a class action brought by more than 12,400 California retail store employees who claim they should have been paid for the time they spent undergoing anti-theft searches at the end of their shifts.

Even though Apple won this class action under California's wage laws, it could still be exposed to disability discrimination claims, Orly Lobel, a professor of law at the University of San Diego, told Bloomberg BNA Nov. 9.

The Apple employees chose to bring bags to work and subject themselves to the company's search policy, so they didn't satisfy the state wage law's compensable time requirement of being  subject to the control of the employer,  according to the summary judgment ruling, issued Nov. 7 by Judge William Alsup of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California.

When the court certified the class (33 HRR 766, 7/20/15), Alsup distinguished between carrying certain items out of necessity and others out of convenience. He invited employees with  special needs  who fell into the former category to intervene so the court could address whether they faced an  illusory choice,  but none did, he said. Employees who need to carry items for medical reasons could pursue disability discrimination claims, Lobel said.

Supreme Court Provides  Useful Guidance.'

Courts often have been asked to decide whether non-work time spent at a work site is compensable. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2014 that workers at an Amazon.com warehouse weren't entitled to wages for time spent undergoing end-of-shift searches to prevent theft.

Alsup distinguished that case from Apple's because the Amazon case was decided under federal wage laws. But the high court's ruling in Integrity Staffing Solutions, Inc. v. Busk, 135 S. Ct. 513, 190 L. Ed. 2d 410, 23 WH Cases2d 1485 (U.S. 2014), provided  useful guidance  in the Apple case, Alsup said (32 HRR 1321, 12/15/14).

Alsup dismissed the Apple workers' federal claims following the Supreme Court's Integrity Staffing Solutions ruling. Citing that decision, he found the workers were not  suffered or permitted to work.  That's because the time they spent awaiting and going through searches had no  relationship to their job responsibilities,  he said.

Bags Conceal Medications, Mustache Wax

At the end of their shifts, the employees are required to clock out before being searched by a store manager or security guard. The serial numbers of any Apple products in the employee's possession are checked against a list of company products the worker owns. Employees estimate the wait time as up to 20 minutes and even longer during busy periods such as product launches and holiday seasons, but the company contends it only takes a few seconds, Alsup said.

In a 2012 e-mail to CEO Tim Cook, an unidentified Apple Store employee called the searches demoralizing.  Managers are required to treat  valued' employees as criminals,  the worker wrote. Cook forwarded the message the same day to two executives, asking,  Is this true? 

When Alsup certified the class, he found some employees brought bags in which they carried  necessities of life,  such as prescription medications. Others brought items of  nothing more than personal convenience,  such as makeup and mustache wax, the judge said.

Employee Choice Dooms Claims

Apple could have safeguarded its property by prohibiting employees from bringing bags and Apple products to work, Alsup said. Allowing them to bring these items was an  optional benefit,  conditioned upon compliance with the company's security screening, the judge said.

In order to be  subject to the control of an employer  during a putative compensable period, employee action must be constrained and the activity must be mandatory, Alsup said. There is no question that the searches constrained employees by requiring them to wait when they wanted to leave, but the searches weren't mandatory for employees who didn't bring bags or personal Apple products, he said.

 Employee choice is dispositive,  Alsup said.  That free choice is fatal to their claims,  he said.

But was it really free? asked Catherine Fisk, a University of California at Irvine law professor.  I'm not sure that is a meaningful choice,  she told Bloomberg BNA Nov. 9. For example, she said, employees who drive to work can leave their belongings in their cars, but  employees who take the bus or public transportation  don't have that option. Calling it a free choice was  unrealistic,  she said.

McLaughlin & Stern LLP, the Kralowec Law Group and the Law Firm of Louis Ginsberg P.C. represented the workers. Littler Mendelson P.C. represented Apple.

To contact the reporter on this story: Jon Steingart in Washington at jsteingart@bna.com

To contact the editor responsible for this story: Susan J. McGolrick at smcgolrick@bna.com Apple Inc - German watchdog probes Apple and Amazon audiobooks agreement - Reuters  
2015-05-05
Apple Inc: Tim Cook Admits That the iPhone 6 Plus and Mac Are Hurting iPad Sales In its most recent earnings report, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reported that iPad revenue and unit shipments -- which have been declining for quite some time -- had fallen another 29% and 23%, respectively. This suggests not only weakening demand but a shift toward lower cost iPad models.

Part of this steep decline, according to Apple, was that the company reduced channel inventory by about one million units, suggesting that sell-through to end customers was better than unit shipments. However, even if we add back one million units to the 12.62 million iPads that Apple reported shipping last quarter, that is still a unit decline of 16.7% year-over-year.

During the conference call, CEO Tim Cook admitted that iPad sales are being affected by both the success of the iPhone as well as the Mac.

Cannibalization happens -- Apple just deals with it

As fellow Fool Evan Niu pointed out all the way back in 2012, Steve Jobs was well known for saying that, "If we [Apple] don't cannibalize ourselves, somebody else will."

Tim Cook, like Steve Jobs before him, seems to fully subscribe to the idea that Apple should not be afraid of cannibalizing some of its own products.

"We're clearly seeing cannibalization from iPhone and on the other side from the Mac. And, of course, as I've said before, we've never worried about that. It is what it is. That will play out and, at some point, it will stabilize," Cook commented during the earnings call.

With that said, it is certainly easier for Apple to accept cannibalization when a higher margin product like the iPhone eats away at what almost certainly is a lower-margin product like the iPad.

The iPhone cannibalization was widely expected, but the Mac not so much

It was widely believed that there was risk that larger iPhone models could significantly dull the value proposition of a new iPad. After all, if you just bought an iPhone 6 Plus -- which is by no means an inexpensive or small device -- you might be inclined to put off upgrading your iPad.

What I found interesting, though, is that the Mac is cannibalizing iPad sales as well. It is well understood at this point that the growth in tablets shifted consumer dollars away from PC sales. That trend, at least within the Apple product portfolio, is showing signs of reversing.

There are several plausible hypotheses as to what might be going on here. It could simply be that customers who have been spending money on iPads like them enough and prefer to invest in their Macs that are long overdue for upgrades.

Another potential explanation is that devices such as the MacBook Air and the new MacBook now exhibit many of the qualities that people had traditionally valued in tablets (thin and light, long battery life, etc.) but with the added functionality that comes with a full PC.

Finally, notice that over the last several quarters, the Mac unit growth has outpaced revenue growth -- implying more aggressive pricing. In Mac, Apple is gaining share in a market expected to decline about 4.9% this year, according to research firm IDC. In contrast, IDC reports that Apple is losing share in a tablet market that also appears to be contracting.

What can Apple do to reverse this?

During the call, analyst Shannon Cross asked Cook about what it would take to "reaccelerate" iPad sales. Cook pointed to "continued investments in [Apple's] product pipeline" (i.e., new iPads) and potential growth in enterprise as key long-term drivers for iPads.

"I believe that iPad is an extremely good business over the long-term," said Cook. "When precisely it begins to grow again, I wouldn't want to predict, but I strongly believe that it will."

While I do agree with Cook that iPad sales and shipments will begin to register year-over-year growth in the future, whether iPad sales will exhibit growth off of a base worth talking about is another question entirely. The 1977 Magazine Article That Said Apple Computers Might Be a Huge Hit Apple/Business Insider

This post originally appeared in Business Insider.

And now, some breaking news from 1977: There is a new company in California that makes computer kits for individual hobbyists. It's called The Apple Computer Company, according to Kilobaud magazine, and it looks like it might be a huge hit.

Advertisement



"Rich Travis of Sunshine Computer Company in Southern California reports he sold ten Apples in three weeks ... his customers were looking for a complete, ready-to-run system that was inexpensive," writes Sheila Clarke of Kilobaud. "Because the system is really easy to buy and use, the system may well be in the homes of several hundred hobbyists within a few months."

After Business Insider recently published a charming set of photos taken by Apple's earliest employees, veteran tech writer Sheila (Clarke) Craven got in touch and sent us this gem from February 1977: "The Remarkable Apple Computer," a lengthy dissection of Apple's launch product that Craven wrote after flying to San Francisco and interviewing founders Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak. (Kilobaud eventually went out of business and its founder, Wayne Green, died in 2013.)

Craven says she believes it was the first article ever written about Apple. We checked with Wozniak, and he agrees. "Seems quite the way it was," Wozniak told us. "The only thing I can note is that we were demonstrating the Apple ][ before we shipped any Apple I s, so we knew that it was a temporary project."

We've published the entire Kilobaud article below. But be warned it's a dense catalog of computer arcana from the days when using a computer required knowledge of the BASIC programming language.

Advertisement



"My interview with the two Steves took place while they were still in the folks  garage," Craven tells Business Insider. She remembers it this way:

"I flew up from LA, and the two Steves picked me up in a red Chevy Luv Truck, tossed my suitcase in the back, and put me between them in the front seat. We went someplace for lunch, and talked about their plans.

Of course, Steve Jobs did all the talking. After lunch we drove to his parents home in Palo Alto never went inside the house straight to the garage. On a workbench sat a PC board. above the workbench on a shelf sat a TV set where wires dangled from it to the PC board.

The whole time Steve Jobs was talking, explaining, outlining future plans for marketing and development, he was just about dancing on his tippy toes in his tennies. Then Woz sat at the workbench, initiating the operating system (I suppose) to demonstrate a program. Woz was pretty quiet. I got that he was the engineering brain power, and Jobs was the idea guy.

Advertisement



One of the things Jobs told me was that they would make certain there would be an Apple in every classroom and on every desk, because if kids grew up using and knowing the Apple, they would continue to buy Apples and so would their kids. The computers would be donated by Apple Computer. I understand that when that article came out, orders starting pouring in, and Apple Computer was seriously launched."

At the time, Apple consisted of just the two Steves in Jobs' parents' garage. There was no office, Craven says. Craven spent four hours with the pair, including lunch. After Wozniak booted up the machine, Jobs loaded a game of Blackjack onto it to demonstrate its powers.

Craven regarded the Apple I as "just another homebrew product" rather than the beginning of a machine that would change the world. "We never met again, although of course I continued to encounter Jobs at computer expos, Comdex, CES, etc.," Craven says, although "I don t think he ever manned a booth."

The article says some things that were true of Apple then and, 40 years later, remain true today. Such as:

Advertisement



"For the inexperienced, getting a program up seems to have been made relatively simple."

Updates would be made available to existing customers for free.

Apple was trying to create "a network of program exchange" to develop games and other apps that would make the computer more fun and more useful.

"Steve Jobs confesses that the Apple is not for everybody." (It cost $788.66, a lot of money at the time.)

At the same time, the article contains some nuggets that illustrate how comically primitive computing was at the time. For that $788 you would get:

"A complete system on a board. Complete that is if you're willing to forgo extras now, like hard copy output, floppy disk storage, and color graphics."

"If you must purchase a black and white monitor, add the cost to the system; but you'll probably run over my proposed budget."

"Although the Apple-1 comes with 4K bytes of RAM, 4K more is available for $120."

"BASIC is the language of the people," say Steven Jobs and Stephen Wozniak, Apple Computer Company owners. Soon, they add, people won't care which chip is used in the CPU, but will want to know more about the computer's capability and how easy it is to use."

"We're not in the business of making things more expensive," say Jobs and Wozniak, when discussing their design philosophy."

Craven's main impression was that "the two Steves care ... they're responsive to user enquiries and are open to suggestions and criticisms (to a point)."

Advertisement

 Apple Inc to unveil TV remote with touchpad at WWDC: report The Apple TV remote is getting a major redesign when the latest version of the Cupertino company s TV box is introduced this summer, The New York Times reports.

Apple is set to unveil a new version of its Apple TV service in June, at its annual developers conference WWDC.

The new remote is going to have a touchpad similar to those found on the company s MacBooks, as well as two buttons, according to the Times   further streamlining the remote s already simple design.

This is how today s Apple TV remote looks. It s sleek and minimalist, but its reliance on buttons goes against Apple s trend toward trackpads and touch screens.

And here is a touchpad on the newest MacBook.

In addition to a touchpad to control the Internet video box, the new remote is also going to be thicker than its current iteration. It will apparently be similar in size to the remote for the Amazon Echo wireless speaker.

For reference, here s a YouTube reviewer holding up the Amazon Echo remote (on the left).

At Apple s internal training course  Apple University,  the Google TV remote is reportedly compared with the Apple TV remote as a case study. It is used  to show how the company s product designers started out with an idea and debated until they had just what was needed for the device to be usable and easy to understand,  the Times reports.

In contrast, the Google TV remote has a staggering 76 buttons. 
2015-01-08
Is Apple Becoming The Next IBM?  Apple Inc. stock leaps nearly 4 percent in first surge of 2015 After being pushed downward across the first week of 2015, Apple's stock surged $4.14 today to close at $111.89, adding over $24.27 billion to the company's market capitalization.



After gaining nearly 40 percent in 2014, Apple's shares dropped from nearly $112 down to almost $105 in the new year's first week of trading, despite strong sales data and virtually nonexistent competition from its main rivals throughout the holiday quarter and into the first week of CES.However, those losses were dramatically reversed today as the company's stock rapidly changed course, gaining back all negative ground for the year and netting a slight positive from 2015's opening day last Friday.Apple is expected to make new gains in 2015 on continued strong sales of iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, an expansion of iPads into the enterprise supported by the company's partnership with IBM, a global rollout of Apple Pay and continued growth in Mac sales.The company is aggressively expanding its office space, data centers, retail stores and other facilities globally, particularly in China where Apple plans to open 25 new retail stores over the next two years.Apple will release its December quarterly earnings results later this month on January 27. The company's earnings will particularly be compared against hardware rival Samsung, which experienced a collapse in its mobile profits over the second half of 2014, and Google, which lost ground through 2014 (falling more than 5 percent) and has continued into negative territory in the new year.Compared to Apple's pre-split figures from last year, today's surge would have amounted to a leap of $28.98, resulting in a pre-split stock price of $783.23. 
2015-03-13
Apple Inc drives CarPlay adoption deep into the auto industry, including China [u] Feature

Apple now lists every major carmaker as a "committed partner" for CarPlay, including every company that produces more than a million cars per year--with the notable exception of China's state owned, "big four" vehicle producers (and those manufacturers largely sell models in joint ventures with Apple's CarPlay partners).



Cook plays up CarPlay

Critics downplay CarPlay

The sudden rush by Google, Microsoft and others to copy Apple's implementation of CarPlay as a virtual screen for iPhone, with a non-distracting interface using Siri and physical controls built into the vehicle, is evidence that Apple got it right.

Speaking to company shareholders on Tuesday, Apple's chief executive Tim Cook made it clear that he would sidestep any and all questions about Apple's next strategic moves in automotive (including rumors of developing its own car ), outside of one element he has repeatedly emphasized: CarPlay.Cook has recently taken to listing CarPlay alongside HomeKit and Health/Research Kit as the company's "seamless extension of iOS" into the car, the home, and healthcare and clinical research.CarPlay was first introduced by Eddy Cue at WWDC 2013 as " iOS in the Car ," a new initiative that Cook at the time called "very, very important" and a "key focus for us."Analysts have largely ignored Apple's initiative, only once asking a moderately substantive question about it during the company's earnings calls. Apple's ability to seamlessly integrate its iOS experience into cars--with the participation of car makers--has likely received little attention from analysts because they don't see the immediate ROI more obvious in parallel initiatives such as Apple Pay.However, it's clearly important. The sudden rush by Google, Microsoft and others to copy Apple's implementation of CarPlay as a virtual screen for iPhone, with a non-distracting interface using Siri and physical controls built into the vehicle, is evidence that Apple got it right.Throughout 2014, Apple introduced a series of new companies committed to delivering vehicles supporting CarPlay, but Apple's critics instead focused on possible holdouts, and imagined competition that might come from the copy Google produced and signed with its own name, Android Auto.There was even rampant speculation that low-level QNX kernel software (commonly used in the automotive industry before it was acquired by BlackBerry in a failed attempt to deliver the PlayBook as an iPad competitor back in 2011) would somehow mount a defensive obstacle to CarPlay.Instead, carmakers and automotive head unit manufacturers have adopted CarPlay on top of QNX, Linux or whatever other embedded platform they had been using, and often in parallel with Android Auto--given that Google's copy works identically to Apple's original design.If nothing else, Google's appropriation of CarPlay at least offers more insight into how CarPlay works than the less forthcoming Apple has made public, even if Google did flatly tell its developers that it conceptualized its version of CarPlay as a wholly original product, all by itself, sharing no credit with its originator.

All in on CarPlay

China's Big Four state carmakers

More than 30 other companies bigger than Tesla are not [officially] on board yet

It's noteworthy that Apple has indeed involved all of the top carmakers, all within two years of even announcing its CarPlay effort

Microsoft's Windows "carputer" model has now been abandoned by its last remaining holdout Ford, which said it wanted something "more responsive and less clumsy to use." That mirrored the way Windows Mobile and Tablet PC were abandoned soon after Apple introduced iPhone and iPad.Over the first three months of 2015, CarPlay has made headlines among third party head units by Pioneer and Kenwood at CES (which Apple didn't even attend); Volkswagen announced support for CarPlay would be integrated in its MIB II (modular infotainment platform) cars later this year; Chevy depicted CarPlay in its 2016 Volt at January's North American International Auto Show; and Koenigsegg included CarPlay as a feature of its exotic new Regera supercar at the Suisse Geneva Motor Show earlier this month.At Apple's own Spring Forward event, Cook gushed that "every major carmaker" is now on board with CarPlay, including 40 new car models to be introduced in 2015. Apple's current marquee listings include a variety of "committed partners" who weren't listed just over one week ago, although the listing is an inconsistent assortment of certain minor brands lumped in with a few big conglomerates.CarPlay's committed partner list currently includes the world's third largest carmaker (as noted by OICA ) Volkswagen Group and its brands Audi, SEAT and  koda (but not its Lamborghini, Bentley and Bugatti ultra-luxury brands or its Scania truck brand); seventh place Fiat Chrysler Automobiles and its brands Abarth, Alfa Romeo, Chrysler, Dodge, Fiat, Jeep, RAM and Ferrari (missing only the deadend Lancia and ultra-luxury Maserati badges); eleventh place Renault and fifteenth place Mazda, all of which are new.Apple's CarPlay listings don't enumerate the various brands used by Toyota and GM, the world's top two carmakers (only listing them as Toyota and Chevy, Opel), or any sub-brands for the fourth, fifth and sixth place Hyundai, Ford and Nissan.Eighth and ninth place Honda and Suzuki are also listed just once, but Apple's CarPlay page now includes Citro n and Peugeot, rather than their parent company "PSA Peugeot Citro n," while also listing the firm's new "avant garde" DS brand separately. Eleventh and twelfth place Renault and BMW Group are also listed under just their company name (again, with no mention of subsidiaries such as Renault's Dacia or BMW's Mini).Notably absent is Chinese carmaker SAIC, which ships about 2 million vehicles per year, nearly as many as BMW and more than CarPlay partners in fourteenth and fifteenth place: Daimler (which Apple lists as Mercedes-Benz) and Mazda. Dongfeng Motor, the next largest carmaker (also from China) is missing, but seventeenth place Mitsubishi is listed as supporting CarPlay.Along with SAIC and Dongfeng, Chang'an and FAW are the other two carmakers rounding out China's "big four" state owned automakers; collectively, they all shipped 7 million vehicles in 2013, making them comparable in size to Ford. The difference is that China's Big Four are supported by state incentives.a larger difference, notes reader "konqerror," is that foreign automakers are required by law to form joint ventures with domestic Chinese manufacturers in order to sell cars in China, and must substantially build those cars in China. "None of China's local carmakers have the designs and technology for much above entry level vehicles," he states.The millions of vehicles shipped by China's big four are predominately branded as being GM, Volkswagen, Hyundai, Nissan and Toyota, although various makers in China have partnered with different Western companies.For example, auto site The Truth About Cars states that SAIC has joint ventures with both GM and Volkswagen, while FAW has parallel joint ventures with Toyota and Volkswagen. The two manufacturers are rivals, but develop different vehicles from the same Western partner, so car buyers in China looking at a Volkswagen Jetta and Passat would find them built and sold by different manufacturers."So if you want Carplay in China, you buy the Shanghai GM Chevrolet Aveo (Spark in the US), which has the identical smartphone link as in the US," konqerror wrote, adding, "Ford Sync 3, Chrysler Uconnect, and Chevy Mylink are substantially the same system. It's made by Panasonic ."Apple is well situated to sell its own products in China because it produces iPhones, iPads and MacBooks in China with domestic manufacturers; by partnering with all the leading auto makers on CarPlay, it has also entered the Chinese car market, automatically.The primary difference between iPads and automotive is that Ford has nowhere near Apple's market share in the products it exports to China. On the other hand Apple is, as Cook noted to shareholders, "the largest U.S. company in China."Apple is also among very few Western tech companies that have been very successful in China; in contrast Google, Facebook and Twitter are not easily accessible within China because the state stridently blocks access to all of their websites, even poisoning DNS to block VPN pathways. While the state is working protect its domestic industry from Western imports, the demand for Apple's products is higher than ever and growing rapidly.Rounding out the world's top 20 carmakers (each producing more than 1 million vehicles per year as of 2013, via OICA) are India's Tata (listed by its CarPlay-supporting brands Jaguar and Land Rover) and China's Geely, the largest carmaker in that country not run by the state (and listed by Apple as supporting CarPlay in its most visible Western brand, Volvo).While there's been a lot of speculation about why Tesla (which still makes fewer than a tenth of a million cars annually) hasn't yet adopted CarPlay, it's noteworthy that Apple has indeed involved all of the top carmakers, all within two years of even announcing its CarPlay effort.That's particularly impressive given the longer, more conservative development cycle that carmakers follow compared to the tech industry, and the much longer replacement cycle cars have compared to tech products like iPhones and iPads.Further, the popularity of Apple's iPhone in China, and the fact that the company only officially launched there on its largest carrier just two years ago, makes it likely that local carmakers [even those not building cars on behalf of Western carmakers in joint ventures] will likely also move to adopt CarPlay soon. Of the next 30 largest automakers in the world's top 50, at least 20 are based in China, and all of them have been shipping more cars per year than Tesla.Also note that many of these companies have formed joint partnerships, collaborate on car designs, build vehicles on contract at some of these Chinese manufacturers and own equity stakes in each other or are planning to merge and or sell, terminate or create new brands over the coming years. It's also entirely possible that Apple could join carmakers in either co-building or adapting an existing vehicle, or jump right into producing cars on its own.[This article corrected the original characterization of Chinese manufacturers serving to host foreign joint ventures as not supporting CarPlay, and removed comments related to IDC's "weakest link" analysis of iPad for later publication.] Apple extends lead in US top 10 retailers by sales per square foot Apple ( aapl ) had another stellar holiday quarter , with U.S. sales rising 22% to $26 billion (or nearly what Macy's ( m ) makes in an entire year). That performance, fueled by the popularity of the new iPhone 6, gave the electronics company an even bigger lead over other retailers in productivity, with its stores generating a staggering $4,798.82 in sales per square foot on annualized basis at the end of 2014, according to brand new data provided to Fortune by eMarketer.

That compares to $4,551 earlier in 2014 and well ahead of Apple's closest rival on this front, luxury jeweler Tiffany & Co ( tif ) , which saw sales of $3,132.20 per square foot. (As a point of comparison, department stores such as J.C. Penney ( jcp ) and Macy's generate $160 to $200 per square foot   although to be fair, aisles and aisles of low-priced clothes and towels are less of a draw than than highly coveted electronics.)



The new eMarketer ranking clearly shows how brands such as Lululemon Athletica ( lulu ) and Kate Spade ( kate ) are still ascendant, while Coach ( coh ) , in the middle of a painful re-invention , is in decline.

Below are the top 10 U.S. retailers by sales per square foot, the most closely watched metric in commercial real estate. It excludes non-mall based retailers, such as gas station convenience store operator Murphy (which is in fact no. 2), primarily foreign stores such as Canada's Birks Group, Movado (whose U.S. stores are discount outlets), and privately held companies. 
2015-06-15
Apple Inc probe intensifies as Canada's Competition Bureau seeks data from ... The Competition Bureau is intensifying its probe into whether the Canadian subsidiary of Apple Inc. has employed unfair anti-competitive clauses in contracts with the large and small Canadian wireless carriers that sell iPhone devices in their retail stores across the country.

The law enforcement agency sought approval Monday from the Federal Court in Ottawa to require BCE Inc. s Bell Mobility division, Rogers Communications Inc., Telus Corp. and five regional cell-phone providers to produce quantitative details that are expected to shine a light on how wholesale and consumer iPhone agreements are structured and whether the Cupertino, Calif.-based behemoth has an influence on pricing.

By seeking to widen its inquiry in an attempt to keep tabs on the bargaining power of the world s largest public company, the Bureau will amass a breadth of information and attempt gain an exhaustive understanding of these secretive business arrangements.

Apple is in some hot water and it looks like the Competition Bureau is closing in

Tara Hendela, a spokesperson for Apple in Canada, declined to comment on the proceeding. Competition Bureau spokesperson Gabrielle Tass  confirmed that these motions were indeed filed Monday morning to help further the agency s ongoing investigation. At the time of press, the court had not yet issued a ruling.

 There is no conclusion of wrongdoing by Apple Canada Inc. at this time, and no application has been filed with the Competition Tribunal or any other court to seek remedies for any alleged anti-competitive conduct,  Tass  told the Financial Post in an email.  Should evidence indicate that the Competition Act has been contravened, the Commission will not hesitate to take appropriate action. 

The Bureau began its investigation in March of 2014 after becoming aware of potentially anti-competitive clauses that Apple Canada was using in its agreements with Canadian carriers. Then on December 9, it filed an application with the Federal Court to oblige Apple to produce documents related to the probe.

Related

But court filings dated June 4 state that the Commissioner of Competition  does not agree  that the 46,000 records that Apple submitted in March are  acceptable or sufficient  enough. It is  requesting a more comprehensive data set  from the carriers that sell iPhones: Bell Mobility, Rogers, Telus, MTS Inc., Bragg Communications Inc., Saskatchewan Telecommunications, Tbaytel and Videotron Ltd.

The Bureau is asking for details about the carriers  obligations to Apple in contracts that began on January 1, 2008. These obligations  may have or may likely have the effect of lessening or preventing competition substantially in a market,  the court filings state. These clauses may therefore  increase the price Canadians have paid, are paying or will pay for handset devices and/or other wireless services. 

More specifically, the Bureau is seeking carriers to deliver data pertaining to  the resale of handset devices, wireless service plans, the quantities they must purchase from Apple Canada and other similar information relevant for empirical analyses, including econometric analyses,  the court documents state.

Apple Canada said in a February letter that  carriers and retailers, not Apple or Apple Canada, set the retail prices of iPhone,  according to a June 3 affidavit of Shannon Kack, a competition law officer at the Bureau, that was filed in a motion against Telus. The Bureau is seeking an explanation from Telus as to how retail iPhone prices are set and how wireless service plans are set for all smartphones, among other requests.

Spokespeople from Bell, Rogers, Telus, SaskTel and Tbaytel declined to comment Monday. Spokespeople from Bragg, MTS and Videotron did not immediately respond to telephone requests for comment. If court approval is granted, the wireless carriers will have up to 75 days to respond.

 Apple is in some hot water and it looks like the Competition Bureau is closing in,  said a source familiar with the proceeding who asked not to be named.  They re not going to let this one go. 

With assistance from Gordon Isfeld

cpellegrini@nationalpost.com 
2015-10-16
Ad Blockers Are Great for Facebook Inc and Apple Inc The ad-blockalypse is upon us, and publishers everywhere want you to know it's a really important thing -- for them, of course. The term, which refers to the rise of ad-blocking software that's hurting publishers' ad-based monetization strategies, has spurred an incessant amount of listicles, explainers, and (lots of) editorials, most -- shocker! -- arguing against ad-blocking software.

Although ad-blockers have been around for decades, the newest move from Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) has reignited fears. That's because in the latest version of Apple's operating system, iOS 9, Apple is allowing ad blockers in the app store, enabling mobile browsers to cut down load times and data usage.

Interestingly enough, Apple also benefits from the inclusion of ad blockers on its devices at the expense of its biggest operating system competitor -- but don't expect Apple to carry every ad blocker.

This could drive articles and marketers to Apple News

With iOS 9, Apple made two large changes in respect to publishers. The aforementioned ad blocker was first, but the second was a rebranding of its former Newsstand app to the new Apple News format. One of the bigger changes between the two is a stronger alignment with Apple's iAD mobile ad-delivery platform that allows publishers to take 100% of all ads they sell or 70% of all ads Apple sells on the News app.

Ad blockers don't affect ads the Apple News and third-party apps (more on this later), as they do through mobile Safari browsing, so this essentially hurts Alphabet-owned Google's monetization on Apple devices, as well as ads direct from publishers, and shifts ad-spend to Cupertino. And that makes sense -- in the event that ad-blocking becomes more popular, it is only natural for advertisers to seek outlets where their ads will actually lead to an impression.

There's another company that stands to benefit from Apple's decision: Facebook (NASDAQ: FB). Much like Apple, Facebook operates a 100%/70% model with publishers. The vast majority of users use Facebook's app for mobile browsing, "ad blockers haven't had as much impact" to Facebook's monetization model, commented a company spokesperson to CNBC. Now, if there were only an ad-blocker that could block ads on third-party or on native apps...

Ad-blocker Been Choice was blocked by Apple

There is one ad blocker that was blocked by Apple: Been Choice. The company's app, which blocks ads both on the device's mobile browser, and on a variety of native and third party apps -- including Facebook and Apple News -- was pulled from the App store after being available for only a few days.

The ad-blocking technology was quite revolutionary in both its level of technology -- using deep-packet inspection to filter out ads -- and who is the ultimate beneficiary, as the service allowed users to essentially sell the right for advertisers to deliver apps for rewards. Apparently, Apple had issues with the ad-blocking technology and Been Choice wanted to work with Apple to remain in the App store -- but it appears Apple was unwilling to do so.

A cynical person would say this was due to the ad-blocker's potential to hurt Apple's ad-based revenues -- and an even more cynical person would say Apple's being duplicitous by allowing ad blockers on its mobile browser and not on native ads. But in the end, it's Apple's App store and it's allowed to do as it pleases. Look for publishers to align more closely with Facebook and Apple and improve their own mobile apps to adjust to the rise of browser-focused ad blockers. Apple ordered to pay $234 million to university for infringing patent A man takes pictures as Apple iPhone 6s and 6s Plus go on sale at an Apple Store in Beijing, China September 25, 2015. REUTERS/Damir Sagolj

A U.S. jury on Friday ordered Apple Inc (AAPL.O) to pay the University of Wisconsin-Madison's patent licensing arm more than $234 million in damages for incorporating its microchip technology into some of the company's iPhones and iPads without permission.

The amount was less than the $400 million the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation (WARF) was claiming in damages after the jury on Tuesday said Apple (AAPL.O) infringed its patent for improving the performance of computer processors.

Apple said it would appeal the verdict, but declined to comment further.

WARF praised the verdict and said it was important to protect the university's inventions from unauthorized use. "This decision is great news," said WARF Managing Director Carl Gulbrandsen in a statement.

Jurors deliberated for about 3-1/2 hours before returning the verdict in the closely watched case in federal court in Madison, Wisconsin. It was the second phase of a trial that began on Oct. 5.

The jury was considering whether Apple's A7, A8 and A8X processors, found in the iPhone 5s, 6 and 6 Plus, as well as several versions of the iPad, violated the patent.

WARF sued Apple in January 2014 alleging infringement of its 1998 patent on a "predictor circuit," developed by computer science professor Gurindar Sohi and three of his students.

Much of the dispute over damages had to do with whether a certain portion of Apple's chips that were placed in devices sold abroad, rather than in the United States, also violated the WARF patent. The jurors found that they did.

Apple had sought to greatly limit its liability, arguing before jurors that WARF deserved less than even the $110 million the foundation settled with Intel Corp (INTC.O) after suing that company in 2008 over the same patent.

Apple had argued that WARF's patent entitled it to as little as 7 cents per device sold, a far cry from the $2.74 that WARF was claiming.

WARF uses some of the income it generates to support research at the school, doling out more than $58 million in grants last year, according to its website.

On Thursday, U.S. District Judge William Conley, who is presiding over the case, ruled that Apple had not willfully infringed WARF's patent, eliminating a chance to triple the damages in the case.

Last month, WARF launched a second lawsuit against Apple, targeting the company's newest chips and devices, the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, and iPad Pro.

The case is Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation v. Apple Inc, U.S. District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin, No. 14-cv-62.

(Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi and Tom Brown) Apple, Inc. Can Easily Afford Its Expanded Stock-Grant Program Earlier this week, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced an expansion to its existing equity compensation program for employees. Historically, grants of restricted stock units have been limited to management and engineering positions, but Apple's new move will open up the RSU grant program to a much broader range of employees, including retail and AppleCare reps.

In an email to employees, Tim Cook said the program was much larger than those offered by other companies, because it essentially allows all employees to be eligible for an RSU grant. He described the expansion as "an unusual step" and "very special."

What's the benefit?

Naturally, the primary reason to offer higher levels of equity compensation and RSU grants is stronger employee retention. Apple's retail stores are believed to have relatively higher retention rates than other retail stores, a sector where high turnover is simply a fact of life, although there isn't much data available on the topic.

While there have been plenty of headlines of Apple poaching engineers from Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA), the upstart electric-car maker is also poaching quite a lot of talent from the Mac maker, according to a Bloomberg report from February. Apple's aggressive poaching from Tesla has supposedly also been contributing to development delays at Tesla.

Even though Apple is reportedly offering hefty cash-signing bonuses, Tesla is probably offering more equity grants, because it has less cash on hand. And with Tesla shares soaring in recent years, perhaps the roller coaster of being a Tesla shareholder is more enticing compared to the relative maturity of Apple shares.

Either way, by definition, there's a directional correlation between larger RSU grants and higher employee retention rates.

What's the cost?

To be clear, this is a very big expansion of the RSU program. Consider the fact that, at the end of last fiscal year, 46,200 out of 92,600, or half of Apple's full-time equivalent employees (not including temporary employees or contractors), worked within the retail segment.

It's worth noting that Apple's retail segment is also one of the areas where Apple's hiring is growing fastest. Of the 12,300 employees that were hired in fiscal 2014, more than a quarter of the additions were in retail. This trend should continue as Apple aggressively expands its retail footprint in China. These figures will be updated once Apple reports fiscal fourth-quarter earnings in a couple of weeks, and subsequently releases its latest 10-K.

Apple is also more conservative in terms of stock-based compensation compared to peers like Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL). Apple's total stock-based compensation last quarter was $856 million, compared to Alphabet's $1.1 billion. Lacking retail operations, Alphabet's total full-time work force is much smaller, at 53,600 as of the end of 2014. It makes sense that Alphabet's stock-based compensation is higher, considering the composition of its work force -- most are engineers in research and development.

Unlike the vast majority of other companies, Apple does not report non-GAAP results. One of the most common exclusions in non-GAAP reporting is stock-based compensation, because it's a non-cash expense. As Apple's stock-based compensation expenses will surely rise in a meaningful way going forward, this will put some mild pressure on profitability.

Compensating retail employees is classified under selling, general, and administration expenses, so an increase here would affect operating and net margins -- not gross margin. Excluding the stock-based compensation within cost of sales, stock-based compensation was about 13% of total operating expenses last quarter.

The bottom line is that it's the right thing to do to boost employee retention and morale, and Apple can easily afford it. WARF Wins Patent Infringement Lawsuit Against Apple Inc. MADISON, Wis., Oct. 16, 2015 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- After a jury trial in federal court, the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation (WARF) won a jury verdict against Apple Inc. The jury found that Apple infringed a WARF owned patent (U.S. Patent No. 5,781,752 (the '752 patent)) claiming an invention that significantly improves the efficiency and speed of computer processing. At the end of the two-week trial, after the jury concluded Apple's A7, A8 and A8X system on chip designs infringed the asserted claims of the '752 patent, it awarded WARF damages of $234 million dollars.

WARF filed the patent infringement suit against Apple Inc. in 2014 in federal court in the Western District of Wisconsin. WARF's claim was that Apple Inc. had used the technology to speed computer processing by allowing the efficient out-of-order execution of computer instructions with a data speculation circuit that WARF itself had patented several years earlier. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office issued the patent to WARF in 1998 on behalf of UW-Madison Computer Science Professor Gurindar Sohi and three graduate students - Andreas Moshovos, Scott Breach, Terani Vijaykumar.

"This is a case where the hard work of our university researchers and the integrity of patenting and licensing discoveries has prevailed," said Carl Gulbrandsen, managing director of WARF. "The jury recognized the seminal computer processing work that took place on our campus. This decision is great news for the inventors, the University of Wisconsin-Madison and for WARF."

"The University of Wisconsin has a long history of creative innovation across many fields," says Michael Falk, WARF General Counsel. "WARF invests in patenting UW inventions for the benefit of the UW and the public. It is a serious matter for us to undertake litigation to protect the UW's patented inventions. It is important to faculty and to the UW that patented, innovative technologies developed on campus are protected from unauthorized use."

In the two-phased trial, the federal jury first found that Apple Inc. did, in fact, infringe the asserted claims of WARF's '752 patent. They also found the asserted claims to be valid. The issues of infringement and validity took the jury six hours to deliberate in WARF's favor. "The jury did an incredible job grappling with the complex technology, and we're grateful for their effort and ultimately for the well-deserved respect that this groundbreaking work by faculty and graduate students at the University of Wisconsin Madison received," commented Falk.

"We believed our technology was ahead of its time," said Professor Gurindar Sohi, UW researcher. "Almost two decades ago we tried to anticipate how computers would need to operate today. Our team invested the equivalent of more than 11 years of work to solve this problem."

In the second phase of the trial, the jury awarded WARF $234 million dollars in damages.

Some of the Apple products that benefited from the WARF patented technology include Apple's A7, A8 and A8X processors which are found in the iPhone 5s, 6 and 6 Plus, as well as several versions of the iPad. Apple first introduced the iPhone in 2007 and the iPad in 2010.

"For 90 years, WARF has helped UW faculty take intellectual property, patent it and reinvest the licensing fees from those patents back into research and education at the University of Wisconsin-Madison," said Gulbrandsen. "Although patent verdicts like this one are typically appealed, we hope to continue to work with Apple to resolve this matter and build a stronger relationship between our two institutions."

About WARF

WARF is the nonprofit foundation that serves as the technology transfer arm of the University of Wisconsin-Madison by patenting and commercializing campus inventions. Established in 1925 and celebrating its 90th anniversary, WARF manages more than 1,600 licensing agreements and an endowment of $2.6 billion. WARF invests in the University of Wisconsin-Madison by advancing groundbreaking research and graduate education through regular financial, intellectual and legal support to UW-Madison researchers. For more information about WARF, visit warf.org

Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20151016/277926LOGO

SOURCE Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation Apple Inc ordered to pay $234 mln to university for infringing patent - Reuters  
2015-05-09
Why Apple Inc. Stock Is a Great Pick for Dividend Investors Editor's note: an earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that Apple has $194 million in cash, cash equivalents, and investments. It has been updated to the correct unit -- billion.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock attracts a lot of attention from both investors and the media. However, most eyes are usually focused on factors such as iPhone 6 sales, or the market potential for the recently released Apple Watch, while dividend announcements don't typically receive the attention they deserve. This is understandable to some degree; Apple has a relatively short history of dividend growth, and the dividend yield is not particularly high in comparison to other names in the tech industry.

On the other hand, Apple has what it takes to become one of the most remarkable dividend growth stories in the market over the years ahead, and this could mean big returns for investors in Apple stock over the long term.

Looking for dividends in the tech sector

Apple reinstated its dividend in 2012 and increased payments by 15% in 2013, 8% in 2014, and 11% in 2015. The quarterly payment is now at $0.52 per share; this means a dividend yield of 1.7% at current prices, which is not particularly exciting in comparison to other big tech companies.

IBM (NYSE:IBM) has an amazing track record of dividend growth. The company has paid uninterrupted dividends since 1916, and it has increased payments for 20 years in a row. Big Blue has doubled its dividends in the last five years, including a recently announced dividend increase of 18% for 2015. After the latest increase, IBM stock yields nearly 3% in dividends.

Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) is another tech giant beating Apple when it comes to both dividend yield and dividend growth trajectory. Microsoft has raised its dividends every year since 2003, and the company is currently paying $0.31 per share, which means a dividend yield in the neighborhood of 2.7%. Microsoft typically announces its dividend increases in September, so the company has not yet raised dividends for 2015.

IBM and Microsoft, big tech companies with successful trajectories of dividend growth and higher yields than Apple, are just two relevant examples to consider. The main point is that, when looking at current dividend yields and recent dividend history, Apple does not look like the most attractive dividend stock in the tech sector.

Moving forward

On the other hand, investment decisions need to be based on forward-looking considerations and future potential. Past performance and current conditions can provide important information, but investors need to look forward, though the windshield, not the rearview mirror, when analyzing dividend stocks. With this in mind, it's important to note that Apple's dividend growth potential comes second to none.

Apple has nearly $194 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments on its balance sheet. Even after deducting $40 billion in long-term debt and $3.8 billion in commercial paper obligations, this still leaves Apple with an enormous net cash position of over $150 billion.

Even better, the business generates massive amounts of money every quarter. Operating cash flow during the six-month period ended March 28 was $52.8 billion, a 46% increase from $36.2 billion in the same period during 2014. Free cash flow in the first two quarters of fiscal 2015 was $47.2 billion, a 44% year-over-year increase.

Apple allocated only $12 billion to share buybacks and $5.5 billion to dividends over the last six months. This means cash flow generation provides enormous room to increase dividends and buybacks in the future.

Management is prioritizing share buybacks over dividends when it comes to overall capital distributions. This is the smart thing to do if you think Apple stock is undervalued at current prices, and management clearly believes that is in fact the case. In the words of Luca Maestri, SVP and CFO: "We're allocating the majority of the expansion of the program to share repurchases, given our strong confidence in the future of Apple and the value we see in our stock."

Big buybacks are taking financial resources away from dividends now, but they can be a major plus when it comes to dividend growth potential. As the amount of shares outstanding shrinks over time, Apple can pay higher dividends per share for every dollar of cash flow, so big buybacks in the present can mean big dividend growth in the future.

Growing dividends don't only provide income to investors, they are also a powerful and transparent signal about a company's quality and financial strength, and this is a major return driver over time. Apple is on track to deliver substantial dividend growth over the coming years, and this is a big plus for investors in Apple stock. Inside Apple Inc in Switzerland: No Watch yet, but Apple Pay unofficially ... Feature

Switzerland is an affluent country with lots of people who value high quality products and new technology, making it a potential hotspot for Apple Watch--at least once the new product is officially launched in the country, known for its breathtaking mountains and equally breathtaking consumer prices.





Swiss Apps at Brienzersee, east of Interlaken

No Apple Watch for Switzerland, yet

A photo posted by Daniel Eran (@danieleran) on Apr 18, 2015 at 1:35pm PDT









Z rich Apple Store on Bahnhofstrasse



Windows ist kaputt

Apple Pay worked for me in Switzerland



Apple Pay worked at Swiss grocery store, failed at a train station kiosk

Apple hasn't yet launched its new Watch in Switzerland, where the company operates four retail stores: two in greater Z rich, one in Basel and one in Geneva. Despite not being among Apple's initial launch countries for Apple Watch, the company's Swiss retail stores are already featuring wall graphics depicting the product, as seen below in the Z rich store located in the city's upscale Bahnhofstrasse shopping district.The country has a population of just over 8.1 million people, making its four Apple Stores among the most densely packed for a foreign country. By way of comparison, Apple has no stores in Taiwan , a nation of over 23 million people; just one Shenzhen store serving the 105 million people in China's Guangdong Province and just three in Hong Kong , which has a population of nearly 7.2 million.However, Hong Kong hosts many millions of tourist shoppers from mainland China and surrounding countries, while the high prices in Switzerland make the country a poor option for shoppers visiting from the surrounding countries of Europe.Swiss cross-border shopping tends to flow in the opposite direction, with Swiss residents leaving to shop in France, Germany or Italy. That indicates that Apple sees a strong demand for its products from the Swiss themselves in Switzerland, and that demand is likely to also apply to Apple Watch, once it is launched in the country. The Z rich Apple Store I visited was busy with customers perusing iPads, iPhones and Macs, despite prices significantly higher than the U.S.My Swiss friends (or as they say, "Suisse") tended to carry iPhones and it's common to own Apple TV, iPads and Macs. That's a major change from my first visit to Switzerland back in 1999, when Macs were rather rare anywhere in Europe. Every time I've visited since, spottings of Apple products have grown more frequent and are increasingly accompanied by prominent ads for mobile apps, carrier ads for Apple's mobile devices and specialty shops handling Macs and iOS products.The Swiss are accustomed to paying higher prices for virtually everything, but wages in the country are also relatively high. That contributes to a high quality of life, where an affluent population is comfortable with spending more to buy higher quality goods. Apartments tend to offer premium appliances and fixtures, and residents tend to drive higher end cars, making Apple's luxury-class electronics naturally more attractive than the bargain, no-name, fix-it-yourself type commodity PCs and Android devices that are more common in less affluent countries.That's certainly not to say that Windows no longer exists in the country: at the train station in Berne, it was clear that the arrival information signs were using Microsoft software because their information was obscured by a dialog box imploring the public to save and close the desktop window manager to avoid the loss of data because the system had run out of memory. Unfortunately, the screens were only displays, leaving the public helpless to speichern or schlie en anything.To its credit, the SBB rail system has also developed iOS apps that handle ticketing and provide information on arrivals, making the PC-based station signage less critical for riders to depend upon.The popularity of existing Apple products within Switzerland should contribute toward Apple Watch eventually making a splash in the country--even though it is already awash in watches. Nearly 60,000 people are employed by the Swiss watch industry, and the horological industry is worth over $20 billion annually to the Swiss economy. However, much of that business is targeted at exports aimed at luxury buyers in other countries--including major markets in the U.S. and China, where Apple Watch has already launched.The delayed launch of Apple Watch in Switzerland itself, ostensibly related to a trademark issue, is supposedly going to continue until the end of 2015. Apple hasn't yet detailed when it will open up Watch sales in other countries. However, supplies are currently so constrained that even buyers in the U.S. and other launch countries are cited minimum wait times of two to four weeks for online orders, with some models not being listed as available to ship before July.However, any Swiss who want to buy an Apple Watch can wait in line at one of the few and far between boutique shops currently stocking the product, including Colette in Paris, Dover Street Market in London, The Corner in Berlin, and--for long distance travel shoppers--Maxfield in Los Angeles or Dover Street Market in Tokyo.Apple also hasn't yet expanded Apple Pay outside the U.S. either. That didn't stop me from successfully making a groceries purchase (at Jelmoli Warenhaus) via NFC using my iPhone 6 Plus in Z rich on my trip over the last three weeks, however.NFC terminals are relatively common in the country, which is known for its banking and early adoption of technology. Apple Pay wasn't accepted everywhere I tried to use it, but it did work in a retail store with my phone configured to use an American Citibank account. Had I been using an Apple Watch configured with the same account, it most certainly would have worked as well.An earlier attempt to use Apple Pay at a Swiss train station ticketing kiosk appeared to work initially but was then declined. However, that machine also refused to accept my U.S. credit card. Citibank hasn't yet introduced the mobile SIM-like "chip-and-pin" cards that Europe has been using for decades; they told me before my trip that they'd start issuing new cards later this summer.This indicates that Apple Pay may roll out globally much faster than anticipated, as the primary issue holding back a broader launch is simply the agreements with banking partners. The core NFC technology Apple selected for its payment system is already broadly implemented, and its already being used in a variety of countries with tap-to-pay cards. Integrating the same ease of payment into iOS products should be quite simple to introduce to the Swiss.In contrast, the magnetic card swipe emulation technology that Samsung acquired to bolster its own payment system is unlikely to work in many European style card readers, and will certainly not function in places like the Swiss train station where America's archaic swipe cards aren't even recognized (but where NFC elements are available).

Prior to my visit to Switzerland (where I captured the above 240fps Slomo on an iPhone 6 Plus), I visited London to observe the Apple Watch launch in that country. A subsequent article will detail my experiences in Apple's own retail stores, as well as the store within a store at Selfridges. 
2015-07-16
Apple Inc. Is Gobbling Up The World's Smartphone Profits Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhones claimed 92% of all smartphone profits worldwide during the first quarter, up from 65% a year earlier, according to Canaccord Genuity analyst Mike Walkley. Apple's whopping share of the bottom line is incredible, since iPhones only accounted for 18% of the smartphone market during the first quarter, according to IDC.

Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), which had a market share of 24.6% during the first quarter, only claimed 15% of the bottom line. Samsung and Apple's combined share of the profits exceed 100% because many smartphone makers broke even or reported losses during the first quarter. Back in 2012, Samsung and Apple split industry profits roughly 50-50, but these recent figures indicate that the former has ceded the high-end market to the latter.

Why iPhones are so profitable

Apple has a knack for selling mid-range hardware at premium prices. IHS estimates that the 64GB iPhone 6 Plus, which costs $849 unlocked, costs just $240 to manufacture. It also found that the comparable 64GB Galaxy S6 Edge, which costs $800 unlocked, costs $290 to manufacture. The difference is astounding -- Apple can manufacture a device for $50 less than Samsung, yet sell it for nearly $50 more. Samsung also has a record of spending more on marketing than Apple, which widens that gap further.

Apple can sell cheaper hardware at higher prices because it is considered a luxury brand. In 2013, a Coolbrands survey in Britain revealed that Apple was the top luxury brand in the country, crushing classic brands like Aston Martin and Rolex. Last year, Hurun Research Institute revealed that Apple was also the top luxury brand in China, toppling brands like Cartier, Louis Vuitton, and Hermes. Apple relies heavily on that snob appeal to generate big profits in newly affluent countries like China.

Apple subsequently locks in those users with a closed ecosystem. Once a consumer purchases an iPhone, they must stick with iOS or lose all their digital purchases. That closed ecosystem also enhances the premium appeal of iPhones -- buying one grants a user entrance to an "exclusive" club isolated from other smartphones.

Why Android phones are less profitable

Android smartphone makers, on the other hand, haven't really evolved into luxury brands. Samsung, LG, Sony (NYSE:SNE), and HTC (NASDAQOTH:HTCCY) sell pricier Android devices, but they aren't considered "luxury" items like iPhones. According to Strategy Analytics, the average price of an Android device was just $185 last year, compared to $624 for iPhones.

Meanwhile, competitors like Xiaomi, Huawei, and Lenovo (NASDAQOTH:LNVGY) are flooding the market with cheap Android devices loaded with high-end hardware. These companies depend on strong sales volume to offset their paper thin margins. Chipmakers like Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), MediaTek, and Rockchip are also selling "turnkey" smartphone designs to smaller companies, which help them launch cheap new smartphones in just a few weeks.

As a result, there are now roughly 1,000 companies making smartphones worldwide. Mutual competition is fueling a race to the bottom among Android device makers, which means that the market for "premium" Android devices could soon vanish. This comparison between Samsung's Galaxy S6 and its cheaper rivals shows how tough the current market is.

Display CPU RAM Cameras Battery Price Samsung Galaxy S6 5.1" Super AMOLED, 577 ppi Quad-core 1.5Ghz + Quad-core 2.1Ghz 3GB 16MP/5MP 2550 mAh $650 (32GB) Xiaomi Mi 4 5.0" IPS LCD, 441 ppi Quad-core 2.5Ghz 3GB 13MP/8MP 3080 mAh $320 (64GB) OnePlus One

5.5" IPS LCD, 401 ppi Quad-core 2.5Ghz 3GB 13MP/5MP 3100 mAh $299 (64GB)

The future looks bleak for Android handset makers

To compete against those low-margin rivals, Samsung is selling more mid-range devices, like the Galaxy J and A series, to remain competitive. HTC also started selling more mid-range devices, like the One Mini 2 and Desire One, last year. Sony declared that it intends to sell fewer phones and focus on profitability instead, suggesting that it plans to sell fewer devices at premium prices.

Those players are putting on brave faces, but the numbers tell a bleak story. Samsung recently warned that it would post its seventh consecutive quarterly loss in the second quarter, likely due to weaker-than-expected sales of the S6. In July, HTC reported its biggest quarterly loss in history, due to poor handset sales all around. Last November, Sony told investors that its plans to make its smartphone business profitable could cause annual sales to drop "by 20% to 30%."

Apple wins, everyone else loses

Apple's brand appeal and its closed ecosystem protect it from the commoditized chaos of the Android market. As a result, it can keep selling mid-range hardware at premium prices. As prices continue plunging across the Android market, margins will contract further, and Apple's share of the industry profits should continue to rise. The Most Important Thing Apple Investors Should Focus On For July 21 Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is scheduled to release its third-quarter earnings next Tuesday, and most analysts right now are interested in the figures concerning the watch. However, Amit Daryanani, RBC Capital Markets equity analyst, thinks the company is not going to reveal much data regarding it and investors should pay their attention to something else.

Daryanani was on CNBC Thursday to discuss the big thing investors should focus on in Apple's second-quarter results.

Track The Migration

"I am not sure they will give you the watch clarity at this point at least," Daryanani began. "They'll put it in the other category; I think, they are going to talk it over there. The big thing to focus on with them is, last quarter they talked about how only 20 percent of the ecosystem or the base had migrated to the 6 product cycle."

Related Link: 6 Rumored iPhone 6S Features

Daryanani explained, "I think that's a metric you want to track because that tells you A) they are having a big installed base that's going to keep migrating, but B) all this that you have seen so far has been more share gains from Android versus the installed base going to the 6 cycle."

Chinese Impact

Daryanani was asked if the slump in Chinese markets is going to have any effect on Apple's shipments to China. He replied, "It's going to be interesting to see how they address this whole dynamic, right? And to your point, there is a hit on the macro side that in China you have to contend with. But the other side of the equation is, the 4G installations in China are growing fairly rampantly.

"China Unicom, China Telecom are both ramping up 4G aggressively. So, it seems like you have two different cross-trends playing out. It will be interesting to see which one wins. We think there's a slowdown in growth, but it's still going to be solidly in double digits out of China for them," Daryanani said.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Amit Daryanani Apple Watch China RBC Capital MarketsAnalyst Color CNBC Tech Media

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-03-24
Why Gartner's Newest Report Is Good News for Apple Inc. Last week, technology research firm Gartner updated its forecast for computer, tablet and mobile phone sales through 2019. For 2015, the total device shipments are expected to reach nearly 2.5 billion units with mobile phones providing 78% of total devices shipped. Overall, the estimated number of shipments this year is expected to grow nearly 2.8% from last year's figure of 2.42 billion.

Looking beyond the headline number, and focusing on the type of device, points toward a bifurcating market with growth in the high-end markets and sales decreases in the price-sensitive, commoditized traditional PC market. For perspective, here are Gartner's figures:

Device 2014 2015 (est) Growth Traditional PCs 277,118 252,881 (8.7%) Ultramobile (Premium PCs) 36,699 53,452 45.6% Ultramobiles (Tablets & Clamshells) 227,080 236,778 4.3% Mobile Phones 1,878,968 1,943,952 3.5% Total Devices 2,419,864 2,487,062 2.8%

One of these things is not like the others...actually, two aren't

When it comes to personal computers, the differences between traditional PC growth and ultramobile PC growth are the largest departures from overall growth. Gartner points toward a currency headwinds for European enterprise buyers as the Euro continues to sink against the dollar. Traditional PC makers Hewlett-Packard and Dell will continue to face headwinds from enterprise PC buyers, along with semifinished good providers Intel and AMD that provide the chips and processors for these computers. Gartner predicts these firms will raise prices to offset currency headwinds -- in order to keep margins -- but this will result in fewer units sold.

Meanwhile, the high-end ultramobile PC market will continue to grow, according to Gartner, as the nonenterprise personal computer market is less price elastic amid more product differentiation. In addition, many companies that are spending on computers are opting for bring-your-own-device (BYOD) policies and/or giving employees more input on device selection, potentially providing a lift to ultramobile PCs.

Good news for Apple?

Gartner specifically mentions Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) MacBook Air as an example of a ultramobile PC, and Apple's had a great run with its Mac line over the last two years. Here's a visual representation of Apple's unit growth on a year-over-year basis:

As you can see, on a unit basis, Apple's done really well in its Mac line, attaining double-digit growth on a year-over-year basis in three of the last four quarters. Recently, the company added the new 12-inch MacBook line to its Mac line of laptops -- joining its MacBook Air and MacBook Pro and giving shoppers more choice.

Don't forget the iPhone

But it doesn't just end there, Gartner's report gives great news for Apple's core business, its iPhone line, by forecasting iPhones will continue to steal market share away from Google's Android operating system. Per the report, "Android vendors at the high end are finding it hard to differentiate and add value beyond the technology and features," said research director Roberta Cozza. In addition, Cozza pointed toward Apple's ecosystem and new larger form factor as reasons for Apple's continued market share growth.

And that's important: Apple will need to steal market share away from Android vendors if Gartner's estimates for smartphone growth through 2017 is correct. After a year-over-year gain in total smartphone shipments of 3.5% this year, Gartner estimates for worldwide smartphone shipments to increase 3.8% in 2016 before dropping to 1.9% in 2017. For Apple to continue its amazing iPhone growth, the company will have to steal market share from Android.

Overall, Gartner's report is good news for Apple fans as the research firm points toward a strengthening market in its Mac line and continued market share gains in its core smartphone market. Apple: Debunking The Recent Cowen Survey  Why Apple is Relevant Even if You Don't Like the Company There are many things to like About Apple. There are also plenty of things for Apple enthusiasts to criticize when the company makes mistakes. However, even if you really don't like Apple, for any reason, it's still important to not only pay attention but even embrace its technologies.

_____________________

Image credit: Apple

Apple is a very wealthy and successful company. It is confident about its products. It seldom, if ever, indulges in public discussions of its mistakes. Its products appeal to people with healthy disposable income and a desire to get things done instead of tinkering. The company drags us into the future, even when we're not ready.

For some people, this is sufficient reason to have mild distaste for Apple.

Embracing Apple Anyway

However, when we look at the ability of Apple to understand how to develop technology and how to make it work in our lives, Apple has been singularly successful. In contrast:

Google tried its hand with RSS, Glass and Wallet. They all flopped. BlackBerry and Nokia were outsmarted in smartphone technology by Apple. Microsoft tried its hand early with tablets and did not see the right path forward. The Windows Phone, Surface Tablet and Windows 8 have all failed to be warmly embraced.

Apple has a unique ability, developed over the years, to understand how technology should integrate into our lives. While other companies design products they hope we'll buy, Apple figures out what we need. Because of that, the rate of adoption of Apple products can be uncomfortably fast, even dizzying to those who stay on the outside.

We all need expert help coping with change, and to do that we need leverage.

Next page: how exponential change needs leverage Apple Inc. Co-Founder Steve Wozniak: Apple Watch Will Flop Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak doesn t have a lot of faith in the Apple Watch. He recently opened up about his thoughts on the forthcoming smartwatch and robot technology in an interview.

Wozniak (who is the lead engineer for Primary Data) thinks it s great Apple is redefining technology with exciting new projects. However, he thinks Apple s pricing for the device is not a savvy move. The watch s price, which ranges from $350 to $10,000 is outrageous. He even admitted he wouldn t spend $10,000 for the expensive Edition version unless it came with a special feature or app that would make wearing it all the time worthwhile.

Wozniak doesn t have faith in the Apple Watch

He further elaborated that when customer purchases a high-end watch, they don t buy the watch for apps; they buy the watch for prestige. He explained that the real difference between a $10,000 watch and a $17,000 watch is only the band.

The Apple Watch comes in three style options: Watch, Watch Sport, and Watch Edition. The Watch Sport version is the most affordable, featuring an anodized aluminium case, strengthened Ion-X glass and durable bands in bold colors. The moderately expensive version is the Watch. This version features a stainless steel case, sapphire crystal and a wide range of stylish bands. The most expensive version, the Watch Edition, features an 18k gold case, sapphire crystal and beautifully crafted bands.

The future of artifcial technology

Steve Wozniak also opened up about the future of technology and robots. He has a strong interest in artificial Intelligence. He sees the good and the bad that could come from emerging technologies. He believes computers will eventually take over. People will build devices to do the work for them, and the devices subsequently will take over jobs currently held by human beings.

He isn t sure if people will win or lose once robots take over. He jokingly said if AI technologies end up treating people like pets, he s going to treat his pet extra nice. 
2015-06-11
The Apple Store Gets Its First Cryptocurrency Trading App In a major step forward for the bitcoin community, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s iOS store debuted its first ever cryptocurrency trading app on Tuesday.

The app, called ShapeShift, allows users to quickly convert digital currencies from one type to another quickly and easily. The app was seen as a landmark moment for cryptocurrencies ,as the Apple store has historically been reluctant to approve bitcoin-related apps.

What Is It?

ShapeShift is the brainchild of Erik Voorhees, who was one of bitcoin's earliest adopters in 2011.

Voorhees created the ShapeShift platform to provide users of digital currencies with an easier way to change their money. The app's major draw is that it doesn't require users to set up an account or a wallet   Voorhees described it as a "vending machine" where users can submit one kind of digital currency and receive another.

Related Link: MasterCard Slams Bitcoin In Letter To UK Officials

Security A Draw

The app's simplicity also functions as a consumer protection according to Voorhees. As ShapeShift doesn't hold on to customers' money like a traditional exchange would, there isn't as much risk for hacking.

Users can also rest assured that in the case of a collapse like that of Mt. Gox, ShapeShift operators would have no way of accessing their funds.

iOS Only A First Step

ShapeShift's debut in the Apple store is only the beginning; the company is hoping to release an Android app as well in the coming months.

Although Android has a wider global reach, the company chose to begin in the Apple store as it expected to face the most pushback in getting its app approved for distribution.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Bitcoin cryptocurrency Erik Voorhees Mt. GoxForex Top Stories Markets Tech

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Store employees tell Tim Cook: We're treated like 'criminals' An Apple Store employee told Tim Cook that the company treats its staff like "criminals."

That's according to a recently unsealed e-mail that is part of a lawsuit filed against Apple (AAPL, Tech30) in 2013. The suit, filed in federal court in California, alleges that Apple Store employees were not paid wages for time spent waiting while managers checked the workers' personal bags for stolen iGizmos before they left the store.

In an e-mail sent on April 2, 2012, with the subject line "Fearless Feedback from Apple Retail Specialist," an unnamed employee told Cook that the bag check policies are "both insulting and demeaning to Apple employees."

The employee said Apple Store employees are issued a card with the serial numbers of all their personal Apple devices. Managers ask employees to present their iPhones and cards when they leave, and then they perform a bag check -- often in front of "gawking customers."

"These procedures imply that Apple doesn't trust or respect their employees," the person wrote. "Managers are required to treat 'valued' employees as criminals."

When Cook received the e-mail from the Apple Store employee, he forwarded it to the executives in charge of retail and HR, asking, "Is this true?"

The court did not unseal Cook's reply to the Apple Store employee's email or the executive team's response to Cook.

In another email to Cook, sent on January 28, 2013, a Beijing Apple Store employee said, "Apple treats employees as animals." The unnamed employee noted that the Xidan Joy City Apple Store in China's capital city has an emergency exit that's blocked by Apple products.

The person also complained about the bag check policy in the email.

Related: Apple's store headache

After being forwarded the email from Cook, HR chief Denise Young Smith wrote to Apple's strategies head Carol Monkowski that the company should think about changing its policy.

"I don't like that practice either, but I do understand why they believe it's necessary," Young wrote. "I'd like to explore other options, i.e, random checks like TSA. If it is simply a deterrent, there has to be a more intelligent and respectful way to approach."

Smith proposed suspending the policy for three to six months and to track how many more products were stolen during that time period.

Montkowski replied that a review of the store's practices seemed prudent

Apple still performs bag checks, but it's unclear if Apple ever actually changed its official policy. An Apple spokeswoman did not respond to a request for comment.

In the lawsuit, two former Apple store employees claim that the bag checks were performed after clocking out. Some days the wait was longer than five or ten minutes, which added up to $1,500 in unpaid wages per year for one worker. Apple Store employees typically make between $12 and $18 per hour.

Apple also faces a separate class action lawsuit from retail employees who say they were denied meal breaks and rest periods in violation of California labor law. Among other things, the lawsuit claims Apple employees were forced to work for stretches of five hours or more without meals, and they didn't get breaks on shorter shifts.

As part of that lawsuit, the Apple Store employees complained that the company restricts them from talking about Apple's labor conditions with one another, allowing the company to "invoke fear into the class members that if they so much as discuss the various labor policies, they run the risk of being fired, sued or disciplined." 
2015-07-13
Why Apple Must Sell 1 Apple Watch For Every 20 iPhones Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is expected to sell a sizeable number of iPhones within the first 12 months at retail.

"Put it in the context of how many iPhones they'll sell," former hedge fund manager Cody Willard told Benzinga. Apple sold more than 190 million units in 2014:

"They have to sell one Apple Watch for every 20 iPhones to hit a 10 million unit number," said Willard, estimating that Apple will sell roughly 200 million iPhones in 2015. "I think that's an awfully high order. I don't think one out of every 20 people buying an iPhone are buying an Apple Watch."

Related Link: Apple Is Cheap But Trading 'With So Much Disrespect'

Big Sales Not Needed

Rich Tullo, director of research at Albert Fried & Company, said the low margins ensure Apple Watch will be a success even if sales disappoint.

"It's a watch that costs them $100 to make and sells for several hundred," Tullo told Benzinga. "You don't need to sell many of them to be successful." Tullo doesn't expect investors to know how the Apple Watch truly performed for quite some time.

"Three years from now we'll know," he said. "On the first iteration, it looks like they did a good job at the launch. It looks like people like it. But it's in the first adoption phase. I don't think there were too many iPhone apps in the first year. Look where we are now -- it's the No. 2 phone in the world."

Not Hiding A Thing

Willard doesn't think Apple's silence on Apple Watch sales means that it has something to hide.

"I don't think Apple's hiding something," said Willard, who serves as the chairman of Scutify and Futr. "They put it in store because it wasn't selling as well [online] as it hoped. Now that it's in store, I don't think it's selling as well still."

That said, Willard is not concerned about the next 30, 60 or 90 days of sales.

"It's about the next 18 months to two years," he said. "It's not [about] this month or next summer. I would be cautious about this quarter's results on the Apple Watch."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Albert Fried & Company Apple Watch Cody Willard Futr Rich TulloAnalyst Color Exclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc. To Launch Updated iPods Tomorrow Apple may debut a new line of updated iPods tomorrow. The new lineup is reported to include the iPod Touch, iPod Nano and iPod Shuffle in an array of fresh colors including gold, electric blue and gray sidereal.

Details on Apple s updated iPods

According to a report from iGen.fr, the iPod Touch will receive a 64-bit upgrade, better camera and more storage. The current iPod Touch features a 32-bit A5 chip. The other two iPods won t get any major hardware upgrades.

iGen.fr reported sources discovered the new devices code named n102, n31a, and n12d. The current lineup of models includes n78(iPod Touch), n31(iPod Nano), and n12b(iPod Shuffle). The last time Apple updated the iPod was in 2012. Although the tech giant has yet to confirm the purported iPod refresh, the company leaked new colors in iTunes 12.2 last week.

Phone Arena s Luis D believes the Cupertino tech giant won t have a difficult time marketing the new line of iPods to a new generation. He explained,  All it would take now is to make it run the latest Apple software as good as the latest iPod devices, and we re all set. 

Apple usually updates the iPod line in September, so a July update is unusual. It is possible the reported media player refresh could coincide with the Apple Music launch. The new music service debuted late last month as a competitor to other popular streaming services Spotify and Pandora.

iPod sales on the decline

Apple has seen a significant decline in iPod sales in the last year or so. The iPod always remained as the affordable alternative to the company s more costly smartphones and tablets, but consumer interest is waning. During the fourth quarter of 2014, Apple sold 2.6 million iPods and accrued revenue of $410 million.

If the report is true, it is likely Apple will quietly launch the new line of iPods tomorrow. The firm typically only throws special events for iPhone, iOS, and new product launches. 
2015-10-14
Apple: Mac Sales To Grow In Enterprise A lot of discussion has been going around regarding projected sales for Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Mac computers this past quarter. These have been centered around estimates by analysis firms IDC and Gartner.

I believe that the whole PC landscape is about to change when Apple introduces new, low priced Mac PCs.

Recent data

IDC estimates that Apple sold only 5.3 million Macs in the September quarter, for a 3.4% year over year decrease. Gartner is less pessimistic predicting sales at 5.6 million units, but the 1.5% growth would be the slowest since 2013.

In reply, Chuck Jones at Forbes posted his analysis as to why IDC's Estimates For Apple's Mac Sales Look Too Low.

In any case, overall there is agreement that:

PC sales as a whole are shrinking (down 11% this quarter), and Whether Mac sales are shrinking or growing but slowly, Apple continues to increase its market share worldwide.

Gartner's numbers give Apple a 7.6% market share, a growth of 1.5% over a year ago. The IDC data is a bit different, but still shows growth in Apple market share. It's likely that part of this growth has come from increased adoption of Macs in the business sector, in both small/medium businesses and in the enterprise. These inroads have been led by Apple's mobile iOS devices which lead in the enterprise. ComputerWorld writes With iPad Pro, Apple pushes further into the enterprise. This opens still more opportunities for the Mac.

Headwinds

There are several factors that work against Mac adoption in the business environment. These include:

Lack of familiarity by business owners/workers. Difficulty in integrating Macs into an existing Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) environment. Lack of certain, specific programs (commercial or proprietary) required by the business. Higher initial cost for Mac purchases.

Each of these is a complex discussion by itself, and I do not intend to offer arguments for and against here. But I believe the last is up for a disruption. While many believe that real lower total cost of ownership of Macs justifies buying the higher priced hardware, a lot of businesses look solely at the initial cost. Apple currently provides no offering at a lower price point. Currently, the lowest priced MacBook Air is at $849, and the Mac Mini, a fine starter desktop, begins at just $499, but this is with no keyboard, mouse or display.

The new Enterprise Mac

Two years ago I wrote:

I hypothesize it will be the MacBook Ether. Like Chromebooks, it will be basically designed to be an internet appliance, running low-key apps locally and productivity applications in the cloud.

And last year I suggested that a new Mac would come aimed at the enterprise. It would be a full-fledged Mac OS X running on an Apple A-series processor. In that post I hypothesized that it would be a beefed up A8. This still has not happened, but perhaps there is a new hint from Apple that this might change this year.

In another post I explained how Apple's modus operandi includes the ability to wait until technology reaches a level that allows a leap. Certainly now that time has arrived for ARM (NASDAQ:ARMH)-based processors.

The hint comes directly from Apple itself during the iPad Pro announcement in comments by Apple's VP of marketing Phil Schiller, who spent quite a bit of time extolling the speed of the new device. In point after point he noted 1.8x the speed of the previous iPad Air 2, that graphics processing has increased 360 times from the original iPad, and so on.

(For a description of what the various parts of a computer are and how they function, see my tech blog.)

The telling point, however, were his comparisons to desktop computers.

This is desktop-class performance. It's faster than 80 percent of the portable PCs that shipped in the last 12 months, that's at CPU tasks. At graphics tasks, it's faster than 90 percent of them.

In a forum post on ArsTechnica, member Keylimesoda notes that he has made some preliminary estimates for speed of the new A9x processor. He writes:

I predict an iPad Pro Geekbench score of (Single:3000, Multi:6500). This is ~30% increase over the i5-5200U common in most ultrabooks last year.

The Geekbench test is a general CPU test and does not include graphics processing - an area in which Apple excels in its chip designs. Here we can expect even better performance. One thing we do know for graphics is that the iPad Pro is driving a huge screen - in terms of pixels. The screen has a resolution of 2732 x 2048 (264 pixels per inch), for a total of almost 5.6 million pixels. This is greater than the MacBook Pro with a 15-inch Retina Display that has 2880 by 1800 or 5.2 million pixels. To keep up with this number of pixels requires enormous horsepower. If it can do this, it can certainly drive a standard computer display.

The specs

Basically, all you need to do is create a small box holding the innards of the iPad Pro. You can dispense with the display and the battery and add in controllers and connectors for USB, Thunderbolt and HDMI and you have a small standalone like the Mac Mini, but with a processor that costs in the range of $35 instead of something over $100. This can bring a cost reduction of $65 to $100 or a price reduction of $125 - $185. This would bring the new desktop down from the lowest Mac Mini ($499) down to the $350 range, and would open a whole new category of users.

The effects

One simple fact cannot be denied:

Apple is gaining market share and this in spite of being in a higher price range.

The explanation for this is that Macs are highly desired. There must be a reason for this. But whatever it is, it should lead to a very significant increase in sales should the new device become available, as this is the largest market for PCs overall.

My guess is that this new Mac would garner an additional 3% market share or close to another 10 million units. This would bring in an additional $3.5 billion annually or about $0.61 per share. This is not enormous compared to the EPS of $8.65, but no mean feat for a single product.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. 
2015-12-02
How Much Does the Apple Inc. A9X Chip Cost to Make? In an earlier column, I tried to provide an estimate of the manufacturing costs of the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) A9 chip found inside of the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus. The estimate worked out to something in the range of $22 to $24, in line with an estimate provided by IHS iSuppli.

Thanks to the folks at Chipworks, we now know how large the A9X chip inside of Apple's iPad Pro is. Armed with this knowledge, I'd like to offer up an estimate of how much it costs to build that particular chip.

Putting together all of the variables

As I wrote in the previously linked column, there are three major variables that go into determining the manufacturing cost of a chip:

Finished wafer cost

Chip die size

Manufacturing yields

The impact of silicon wafer cost should be obvious. The chip die size impacts both the total number of chips that can be physically built on a given wafer as well as the manufacturing yields of the chip (there is more that can "go wrong" on a larger chip than on a smaller chip; see here).

And, of course, manufacturing yields impact costs, as the more good chips a company can extract per wafer, the lower the effective cost per chip is.

For wafer cost, I once again assume $8,400 for a Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (NYSE:TSM) 16-nanometer wafer (this estimate comes from IBS' Handel Jones, and is what Apple pays for the wafer, which includes Taiwan Semi's margins). For die size, I am using 147 square millimeters (a measurement provided by Chipworks).

The last variable here is manufacturing yields, a number that's difficult to estimate. With the A9, I assumed yields of 80% (citing a remark from an AnandTech article discussing yields of the Taiwan Semi-built 16nm HiSilicon Kirin 950 chip).

The A9X is a larger chip, which is the major factor that leads me to believe yields will be lower. The A9X also runs the CPU complex at a more aggressive frequency, which could mean lower "parametric yields" (i.e. it's easier to build a CPU that runs at 1.85 GHz than the same CPU at 2.26 GHz).

Although I must admit that there is a lot of margin for error here, I'm going to estimate manufacturing yields on the A9X at approximately 65% (though I expect them to improve over the lifetime of the A9X).

Doing the math ... again

Using Silicon Edge's dies-per-wafer estimator, I get approximately 401 dies per wafer. Assuming yields of 65% gives us about 261 good dies per wafer. Dividing the wafer cost estimate of $8400 by the estimated number of good dies yields a die cost of around $32.30.

In the A9 article, I assumed packaging costs of $3 to $5 per chip. For the sake of conservatism, I'm going to assume the high end of that range here and call it $5.

With that, I arrive at an estimate of $37.30 to manufacture the A9X.

Does this make sense? A quick sanity check

At $37.30, the A9X is significantly more expensive than the A9, which I estimate to cost Apple somewhere in the range of $22 to $24. If we assume that the A9 costs Apple $23, then the A9X costs Apple 62% more to build, which makes sense given that the A9X chip die itself is around 40% larger than the A9's (die cost increasing faster than die size on a given process makes sense).

I think this estimate passes a sanity check and is within the right ballpark (both on an absolute basis and relatively speaking), though I must caution that there is room for error here as my yield rate estimates for both the A9 and A9X represent merely educated guesses. Apple Inc.'s Reported iPhone 7c Launch Time Frame Seems Brilliant There are a number of market watchers and investors who think there is a real risk Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will see its iPhone sales decline year over year during its fiscal year 2016. A key element of this thesis is that Apple saw oversized growth in the prior fiscal year thanks to the iPhone 6/6 Plus, which satisfied pent-up demand for larger-screen iPhones.

With the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, Apple has introduced a number of key features and upgrades compared to the hugely successful iPhone 6/6 Plus, respectively. However, there is still considerable debate as to whether these devices will be enough to really drive year-over-year iPhone revenue growth.

I think Apple may have a proverbial ace up its sleeve to considerably boost the company's chances of posting another year of iPhone growth: the iPhone 7c.

What is it, and when will it arrive?

There have been a number of reports claiming Apple intends to launch a new iPhone with a four-inch display this year, with the reports generally pointing to a launch in the first half of 2016.

The device, according to a report from well-respected KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, will essentially resemble an "upgraded iPhone 5s." There has been debate as to whether the device will feature an A8 or an A9 processor, but either one would represent an upgrade from the A7 chip found inside of the iPhone 5s.

Additionally, according to a report from Chinese site TechWeb, the upcoming 4-inch iPhones will feature metal casings in many different colors, taking a page from the iPhone 5c playbook. If this is true, then this could make this line of phones could deliver the best of the iPhone 5s (nice metal chassis, solid specs) and the best of the iPhone 6c (many colors to suit a wider spectrum of tastes).

Why this timing seems quite sensible

Just as there was pent-up demand for larger-screen iPhones ahead of the launch of the iPhone 6/6 Plus phones, I suspect there may be pent-up demand for a new, modern 4-inch device. Such demand is unlikely to be anywhere close to the kind of demand that Apple left unserved with larger screen devices, but it's probably not insignificant, either.

Assuming the upcoming 4-inch iPhone is a compelling upgrade from the iPhone 5s, then I think Apple could see a nice boost in overall iPhone sales with the launch of the device.

Additionally, I think the risk of cannibalization of sales of the larger-screen/higher-end iPhone 6s/6s Plus is fairly minimal given that the latter phones will likely be more fully featured. The 4-inch device should appeal to those who really prefer 4-inch devices over 4.7-inch/5.5-inch devices, or to customers who are more cost-conscious (since these new 4-inch iPhones are likely to sell at lower price points than their iPhone 6s/6s Plus counterparts).

In other words, I believe the launch of newer, smaller 4-inch iPhone models will lead to incremental iPhone sales when all is said and done. Those incremental units/revenue could be the difference between Apple posting a slight year-over-year decline in iPhone sales and achieving growth. Here's Why Apple, Inc.'s iPad Business Has Tumbled By most metrics, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) tablet business has performed poorly in recent years. It's still a multi-billion dollar segment, but the overall trend has been brutal. Consider:

iPad unit sales have contracted on an annual basis in each of the last seven consecutive quarters, consistently falling short of analyst estimates.

The iPad's share of the tablet market has fallen from around 90% in 2010 to just over 20% today.

In Apple's 2014 fiscal first quarter, the iPad generated a record $11.47 billion -- that fell to just $4.8 billion last quarter.

Once Apple's second-largest business, the iPad is now Apple's fourth-largest segment.

Yet consumers are happy with their iPads, and they appear to be using them often.

97% of iPad Air 2 owners are satisfied with their devices.

iPad generated more than 70% of North American tablet web traffic in the first quarter, almost seven-times as much as the closest competitor.

iPad continues to score well with critics, and as is commonly listed as the best tablet you can buy.

What's with the discrepancy?

Consumers aren't upgrading

The problem appears to center around upgrades: they just aren't happening. Last month, analytics firm Localytics published a report detailing the current installed base of iPads.

Apple's second-generation iPad, originally released in 2011, remains the most popular model, accounting for about one-fifth of iPad users. The original iPad Mini, released a year later, comes in second place, with 18% market share. Interestingly, these results are similar to data Localytics published last year.

In the fall of 2014, the iPad 2 and the iPad Mini were also the most popular of Apple's tablets, though their relative popularity has eroded to some extent. This year, they accounted for about 38% of the total iPad population, compared to 47% last year. The second-generation iPad Air, released last year, has achieved a respectable 9% penetration rate.

Admittedly, some of these older iPads may have been purchased recently: although it was originally released four years ago, the iPad 2 was not discontinued until last year, and the original iPad Mini hung around until earlier this year. Apple publishes the number of iPads it sells each quarter, but unfortunately, it does not break down individual models. The iPad's average selling price has been trending down in recent years, suggesting that consumers are opting for these older devices. Still, the average iPad sold for $433 last quarter -- more than what the recently released, entry-level iPad Mini 4 costs.

The carrot and the stick

In July, during Apple's earnings call, CEO Tim Cook spoke about what his company planned to do to convince consumers to upgrade:

I am still bullish on iPad...with iOS 9, there's some incredible productivity enhancements coming...with split view, and slide over, and picture in picture. These things are incredible features.

iOS 9 includes three features that make multi-tasking possible. With Slide Over, iPad owners can access an app while inside another app. With Split View, they can use two apps simultaneously. And with Picture in Picture, they can watch a video while, at the same time, using their iPad for something else. Slide Over and Picture-in-Picture require an iPad Mini 2 or iPad Air (or newer model); Split View only works with the iPad Air 2 and iPad Mini 4.

Having recently upgraded from an iPad 3 to an iPad Mini 4, I can attest to their appeal; that said, they may not be enough. Compared to newer iPads, the iPad 2 is already missing many key features, including TouchID, AirDrop, and Handoff. The iPad 2's camera is pitiful compared to that of the iPad Air 2, and it doesn't have Apple Pay or a Retina display. At the same time, it's much thicker and heavier. The same is largely true for the original iPad Mini. If these improvements haven't been enough to entice consumers to upgrade, I'm skeptical that a few new multi-tasking features will.

Still, an upgrade cylce could be on the way, as the iPad 2 and iPad Mini will soon face obsolescence.

If recent history is any indication, Apple is likely to release iOS 10 next fall, and it's unlikely that the iPad 2 or iPad Mini will support it. Apple hasn't confirmed that definitively, but it regularly discontinues iOS support for older models: the iPhone 4, released in 2010, received last year's iOS 8, but isn't compatible with iOS 9. Owners of these older iPads will lose out on whatever features the next version of iOS brings, but more importantly, they could miss out on interesting new apps. Star Wars: Galaxy Heroes is currently the tenth-most popular free app on Apple's App Store. It supports the iPad, but requires iOS 8 to function.

It won't happen overnight, but as long as consumers continue to use and enjoy their iPads, they will upgrade eventually. And with about 40% of the iPad's installed base sporting the iPad 2 or iPad Mini, the upgrade cycle -- when it eventually happens -- could be huge. Apple: Examining US iPhone Installed Base Data Back in May I detailed how CIRP data regarding Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone installed base in the US seemed to portray a positive picture. While the research firm believed challenges were coming, the technology giant recently hit a new milestone. Today, I'll break down the latest data and detail why it leads me to believe that the current fiscal year won't be as weak as some are expecting.

The latest data from CIRP details the installed base of the iPhone topping 101 million, up from 94 million when I analyzed the data back in May. The chart below shows this growth plus a breakdown by model of the smartphone. While the US market is maturing, Apple is still growing its installed base at a decent pace.

(Source: CIRP chart via Apple Insider article)

The chart above probably doesn't even tell the whole picture because Apple's launch of the iPhone this year was on a different timeframe, causing some uneven comparisons. That's why the bar sizes of the 6s and 6s Plus look a bit smaller than their year-ago counterparts. We're not talking about an apples to apples comparison here, no pun intended.

An even more positive statement though is that the percentage of switchers from Android hit a multi-year high. CIRP detailed that 26% of people who bought the 6s line in its first 30 days of availability in the US switched from Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android platform. A year ago, the switching rate was just 12%, and two years ago saw 23% for its figure. The following quote was detailed along with these findings:

"The iPhone 6S and 6S Plus launch attracted a greater percentage of Android owners compared to a year ago," Mike Levin, CIRP partner and co-founder, said in a statement. "This says a little more about the very hot iPhone 6 and 6 Plus launch, which motivated more iPhone upgrades than in previous years. The share of buyers coming from the Android platform for this launch more resembles the long-term trend in Android and iOS switching."

CIRP went on to detail the sizable opportunity Apple has to entice consumers looking to upgrade, something CEO Tim Cook has detailed and I've covered in the past. A quick look at the chart above shows how the number of potential two-year upgraders continues to rise. A year ago, there were about 36-37 million US consumers who had "5 or other" models of the phone. But looking at the September 2015 bar, there seems to be 40 million who have the "5S, 5C, 5, or other" models. While the total installed base is growing, the number of people ripe for an upgrade is as well. That should bode well for future sales.

Apple has some opportunities here, not only getting more Android users to switch but getting old iPhone users to upgrade to newer models. The larger screen phones have definitely been a hit for Apple, and I also think we'll see a 4-inch phone coming in 2016 to keep those who prefer smaller screens happy. This might result in slightly less sales in the current quarter, but provide a boost to the back half of the fiscal year. Overall, Apple will look to break its fiscal 2015 record of 231.2 million iPhone shipments.

Another opportunity for Apple is with Apple Pay. According to the chart above, roughly 60% of the install base is currently using an iPhone 6 or newer model, which means the phones can take advantage of Apple Pay. We recently heard about the company trying to add a P2P payment service to Apple Pay in an effort to provide more services to keep users in the Apple ecosystem. Over the next couple of years, Apple Pay will become a growing business that should start to provide meaningful revenues for the company.

So how should investors look at the information I've presented today? Well it's good news that Apple continues to grow its iPhone installed base in the US, and high Android switching rates are certainly a reason to smile. According to ComScore, Apple continues to increase its US market share, as seen below. However, the company also has an opportunity to capture sales from a growing base of users that need to upgrade phones that are two years or older.

(Source: ComScore data from Sept 2015 and Sept 2014)

The chart above puts Apple at a 43.6% market share for September 2015, meaning more than 56% of US sales were not going to the company. There is a two-fold opportunity here to not only gain market share but boost sales when you consider the upgrade program. Apple has a chance to increase its sales through the new plan, which hopefully can get the company's market share above 50% in the next couple of years.

One challenge Apple has in front of it is the ever changing need of the consumer. I recently discussed why Apple decided to make an inferior iPhone in 2015, an entry level 16GB storage model. For a number of consumers the lack of storage results in some users running out of space while others are basically forced to spend an extra $100 for the 64GB model. Apple has to be careful not to alienate the consumer because a phone with lesser specs compared to other smartphone makers could stump any progress the company has made in recent quarters.

Another challenge Apple has, as CIRP pointed out, is the maturity of the US market. With the growth of the market slowing, Apple has less first-time buyers to target, meaning the company needs to steal customers away from Android. Apple cannot alienate the customer as I detailed above or those switching rates will not grow. As CIRP pointed out, the installed base grew just 4% in the September 2015 quarter, compared to 6% in the September 2014 period. Part of this is the law of large numbers kicking in, but I believe it also has to do with the delayed launch of the phone I detailed above.

Between the important features and upgrades we saw with the 6s line and the potential for a four-inch phone to capture those looking for a smaller device, I feel more confident today that Apple can match or exceed last year's number of iPhones sold. However, I would caution that Apple could see some sales pushed into calendar 2016 for those looking at the smaller model. While this might send the stock lower in the short term from those who claim disappointment, investors would be presented with an excellent buying opportunity before iPhone sales pick up in the back half of the fiscal year.

This seemed to be the story playing out Tuesday as Apple shares declined after a weak note out of Credit Suisse regarding supply chain weakness. Don't forget, however, that this analyst reiterated an outperform rating and $140 price target on the stock. Also, this was the same analyst who forecast just 47 million iPhone unit sales in fiscal Q4, one of the lowest numbers on the street, a figure that Apple handily exceeded. As Apple continues to increase its install base in the US, I think we are set for another strong fiscal year, so investors should use any weakness in shares as an opportunity.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Investors are always reminded that before making any investment, you should do your own proper due diligence on any name directly or indirectly mentioned in this article. Investors should also consider seeking advice from a broker or financial adviser before making any investment decisions. Any material in this article should be considered general information, and not relied on as a formal investment recommendation. 
2015-03-29
Inside iCloud: Apple Inc has quietly doubled its Reno, Nevada data center site Apple has greatly expanded its data center near Reno, Nev., about four hours east of Silicon Valley. However, it appears that the company's aggressive growth in iCloud server capacity is only just getting started, with massive room for expansion surrounding the facilities.



The initial facilities at Apple's data center within the new Reno Technology Park began operating in early 2013 , following large scale construction preparations to build one of the world's greenest data centers in operation.By the end of 2013, Apple had erected the first of its large scale server buildings on the property, ringed the site with rainwater culverts and security fencing, and had installed sophisticated water cooling systems.

Just over a year later, the company now has two massive buildings on the site, providing twice the capacity of its initial large structure. However, with 345 acres of land reserved by Apple, there's plenty more room to grow.The site is situated across the highway from existing solar facilities operated by NV Energy, but a reported partnership between the utility, Apple and SunPower will greatly expand the area's energy output.In 2013, Apple announced that a new 137 acre solar array would eventually provide "43.5 million kilowatt hours of clean energy, equivalent to taking 6,400 passenger vehicles off the road per year." Why Apple Inc.'s $10000 Gold Watch Is A Win For Investors Tech giant Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch strategy is as good as gold (pun intended), or at least, that's what it wants to you think.

I, and many others, have voiced a somewhat skeptical perspective on Apple's forthcoming smartwatch. To counter this swelling skepticism, Apple executives have been hard at work on the PR trail, arguing you won't believe it until you see it. It certainly was true in the case of past Apple devices like the iPod or even the iPhone. Only time will tell.

However, one area of Apple's Watch strategy has proven especially controversial, the Apple Watch Edition. Many have questioned whether the +$10,000 pricing for Apple's most expensive device even makes sense within Apple's product portfolio. Who's going to buy them, and is it really a sustainable strategy for Apple? However, recently, one of my favorite technology commentators made a great point about one critical, but largely overlooked, benefit of Apple's uber expensive Apple Watches.

An $18,000 Apple Watch doesn't make sense

In a recent post, noted technologist Benedict Evans highlighted one extremely beneficial aspect of the +$10,000 Apple Watch Edition that I hadn't yet considered. For those unfamiliar, Evans is a partner at the high profile and highly polarizing venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz where his role is to "help articulate the firm's views to the broader world" according to a recent profile. His Twitter feed offers a veritable bounty of tech punditry, offering up gems such as:

Xiaomi is not so much the Apple of China as the Dell. New business model in a commodity landscape   Benedict Evans (@BenedictEvans) March 24, 2015

And as I mentioned, Evans recently raised one very interesting point about the high-end of Apple's Watch offerings that many have found so confounding. Simply stated, it's all about the brand.

Many observers have justifiably pointed out the fundamental tension in Apple's attempts to position the Apple Watch Edition among the ultra high-end cadre of luxury watches that have lined Swiss watchmakers' pockets for centuries. The problem is that most watches in the +$10,000 range are marketed as deserving such lofty price tags in no small part because of their world-class mechanical craftsmanship. And say what you will about such claims, it's simply irrefutable that the Apple Watch Edition will lack this same degree of mechanistic differentiation from its more affordable brethren. Heck, if you replace the 18 carat solid gold casing with an aluminum one and slap on a plastic band, the same Watch would sell for $350. Although the luxury watch market is far from innocent of padding its margins, the lack of technical distinction between the Apple Watch Sport and the Apple Watch Edition seems like an especially thinly veiled example of this practice, so much so that you have wonder if Apple can truly break into the high-end of the watch market.

But Evans would argue it simply doesn't matter.

Apple's solid gold brand

Evans argues by noting that a seemingly far-fetched sales total for Apple's ultra high-end Edition Watches of, say, 100,000 units would equate to between $1 billion and $1.8 billion in revenue for Apple. Obviously, that's nothing to sneeze at, but it's closer to a rounding error for Apple's massive revenue base. And as such, Evans shrewdly argues that Apple must have an ulterior agenda of some kind, and I have to agree.

The Apple Watch Edition is a brand play pure and simple, meant to strengthen the perceived value for the other Apple Watches and probably the rest of Apple's suite of iDevices as well. Evans argues that Apple is borrowing directly from the playbook that modern luxury fashion houses have leaned on so successfully. Many luxury labels will design and sell custom couture garments with sticker prices into the tens of thousands of dollars for a single use. As is the case with the Apple Watch Edition, the ability to command these prices isn't grounded in any kind of cost-based economics, and it doesn't matter if these houses only sell a handful of these kinds of garments in a given year. However, the perception of desirability that these pieces create for a brand helps them fuel millions or billions of dollars in sales of smaller, less expensive items like handbags, lipstick, etc. And having the purpose of the Apple Watch Edition laid out this way, I have to agree.

Apple has always been a brand with an uncanny ability to project the values or qualities by which it wants to be associated. It's part of why Apple's brand alone has been valued at as much as $118 billion. Think about Apple's famous 1984 or Think Different campaigns. In both cases, Apple was able to frame itself as something much more significant than a token PC manufacturer. And I believe looking at the Apple Watch Edition as the latest in Apple's attempt to project its air of luxury and "fashionability" is a novel and important lens through which Apple investors should view these somewhat outlandish pricing strategies.

Don't question it. It's fashion, right? 
2015-11-02
Apple Inc Arrives Late To The Virtual Reality Party Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently took its first official step into the virtual reality market with a 360-degree U2 music video for the Vrse app.

The video was launched as part of an Apple Music collaboration with U2 called "The Experience Bus," a bus at concerts which lets fans don Facebook's (NASDAQ:FB) Oculus headsets and Beats Solos headsets to experience U2's Song for Someone video. The video features 360-degree footage of a jam session, along with other musicians around the world playing their instruments. The bus is also loaded with iPads and Macs promoting Apple Music and the music video.

Apple's demo might seem new to consumers who haven't seen VR videos before, but it's not that different from recent content for Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Cardboard, Facebook's Oculus, or Samsung's Gear VR. Paul McCartney's 360-degree VR concert app, created by VR company Jaunt, beat Apple and U2 to the punch by nearly a year.

To be fair, Apple wasn't really promoting the Experience Bus as its entry into the fledgling VR market. But if we take a look at Apple's other recent moves in the space, it's clearly interested in the market. The question, however, is how Apple plans to pull all the pieces together.

Understanding Apple's VR ambitions

Two years ago, Apple bought PrimeSense, which designed the first motion sensors for Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Xbox Kinect, for $345 million. Apple also filed various VR-related patents over the past year, including one for an iPhone-powered VR headset similar to the Gear VR. Back in March, Apple bought augmented reality start-up Metaio, which owns dozens of virtual reality patents, for $32 million. In August, Apple reportedly poached a top AR audio engineer from Microsoft's HoloLens team.

These moves all fueled speculation that Apple might create a VR headset to compete against the Oculus Rift, an AR one to challenge HoloLens, or something in between to take on both. If Apple launches an AR or VR headset, it will probably arrive much later than the Oculus Rift or HoloLens, which are both expected to launch next year. But arriving fashionably late to the party isn't a new strategy for Apple -- it disrupted the smartphone, tablet, and smartwatch markets in the same way.

Understanding the VR market

For now, the biggest challenge for the VR market is raising mainstream awareness of VR platforms. That's why Google launched Cardboard, a cheap DIY headset which turns Android and iOS into crude but effective VR headsets. The popularity of the Cardboard app, which has been downloaded up to 5 million times on Google Play, convinced more developers to create VR apps for the platform.

Google also partnered with GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO) to launch Jump, a VR filmmaking initiative that uses massive multi-camera rigs to create 360-degree videos for YouTube. Those interactive videos can also be viewed in Cardboard. Earlier this year, Facebook formed its own VR film studio, Oculus Story Studio, to create original content for its headsets. Facebook also recently launched 360-degree News Feed videos, which might complement the Oculus launch. Apple and U2's Experience Bus is yet another way to spread mainstream awareness of VR hardware and apps, although it will likely reach fewer far people than Google, GoPro, or Facebook's efforts.

Tech M&A advisory firm Digi-Capital estimates that the VR market could grow from nearly nothing today to $30 billion by 2020 thanks to the arrival of new VR hardware, films, and games. But if the mainstream market never fully embraces VR, those estimates might be too high.

It's about Apple Music for now

Apple is clearly interested in the VR market, but it could be a long time before the company develops its own VR headset or software platform. For now, Apple is merely capitalizing on the hype about VR to promote Apple Music. In the future, Apple could launch similar VR buses with other artists in the future to promote the platform.

Apple Music had 15 million individual and family accounts and 6.5 million paying customers at the end of last quarter. This means that it's quickly catching up to market leader Spotify, which has over 75 million active users and more than 20 million paid subscribers.

However, investors should remember that Apple Music is an ecosystem play rather than a revenue one. Even if Apple Music eventually matched Spotify's 2014 revenues of $1.2 billion, it would only account for less than half a percent of Apple's projected sales for this year. Instead, Apple Music -- along with iTunes and the App Store -- is just another way for Apple to lock users into its ecosystem and prevent them from swapping to Android. That strategy ensures that most Apple customers return year after year to buy new iPhones. Apple, Inc.'s Chinese Growth Story Is Still Intact For all the new products, services, and technologies, investors are really focused on two metrics as it relates to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL): iPhone units and China sales. And that makes sense, over the past four quarters, the company's signature product has now been responsible for over 60% of its total revenue for over the past four quarters. The company went as far as listing its reliance to a single product as a potential risk in the company's third-quarter report.

And when it comes to iPhone growth, the company is doing well. In the recently reported fourth fiscal quarter, Apple reported $32.21 billion in iPhone revenue with unit sales of 48 million. As opposed to last year's corresponding quarter, those figures are up 36% and 22%, respectively, leading the company to an earnings-per-share figure of $1.96, up 38% from last-year's figure.

For China, however, Apple continues to execute. Taking advantage of perhaps the last easy year-on-year comparison, Apple reported yet another huge year-on-year growth figure in the Middle Kingdom.

China keeps growing

On a year-on-year basis, China keeps enriching Apple investors. Here's a representation of China's increasing reliance to Apple's top line: 
2015-11-30
Why Apple Inc.'s 2016 MacBook Will Use an Intel Corp. Core M Processor Popular Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) focused website Patently Apple recently put out a piece pondering whether the Mac maker's upcoming 12-inch MacBook will use either a next generation A10X processor (the successor to the A9X found inside of the iPad Pro) or a next generation Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Core M processor.

I believe Apple will stick to an Intel processor rather than transition to an in-house chip. Here's why.

Intel's financial guidance provides a really good hint

According to the usually right Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo (via AppleInsider), the 12-inch MacBook is now Apple's best-selling PC product, with the 13-inch MacBook Pro coming in second. If this is the case, then I believe that if Intel had lost the spot in the next MacBook (something Intel would know at this point), such a development would have had a material impact on the Chipzilla's financial guidance for 2016.

At its most recent investor meeting, Intel said it expects revenue in its client computing group (CCG) to be anywhere from flat to up by a "low single-digit" percentage from 2015 levels. In light of this guidance, it's hard to believe Intel has lost its spot in the next generation MacBook.

Other reasons why such a move would be impractical

In order for Apple to release a MacBook with an A-series processor, it would need to make sure that all of the applications potential customers are interested in running have been rebuilt by developers to work on an ARM (NASDAQ:ARMH) based processor.

Apple would have little trouble in moving over its own applications; it would cost time, money, and manpower, but Apple is certainly capable of porting over native X86 applications to the ARM instruction set on an ARM-compatible version of iOS.

The bigger challenge, in my view, would be in getting third-party developers to port their applications over. Apple could certainly work with big developers to move their code over, but not all applications from the many different software vendors will be ready by the early 2016 timeframe (which is when I'd expect a new MacBook to launch).

To work around this, Apple would need to introduce some sort of emulation capability, similar to what Intel did on Android in order to support the execution of ARM-native apps. In applications that require emulation in order to run, I would expect a significant performance penalty relative to a native implementation running on an Intel processor and, if the application requires a reasonable amount of performance, a real degradation in user experience.

Don't expect Intel to lose this spot anytime soon

Although I do think Apple could handle going through a messy architecture transition on the Mac, I think the risk/reward for such a move is quite poor.

Intel already makes best-in-class low-power PC processors and I expect that the performance/features of its Core M product family will only get better out in time as future designs target a roughly 5-watt power envelope from the start (my understanding is that this requirement was added fairly late in the development cycle of the most recently launched Core M chips).

The only way I see Intel really losing a spot to an Apple-designed chip inside of future MacBooks is if Apple loses faith in Intel's PC product pipeline. But if Intel can continue to deliver on significantly improved chip designs with each generation, I just don't see such a transition away from Intel happening for the Mac. Apple, Inc. Has an Unusual Solution for People Who Can't Afford an iPhone Low-cost smartphones have come a long way in recent years. For less than $200, consumers can purchase critically acclaimed handsets powered by Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android, like Motorola's Moto G or Xiaomi's Redmi 2. They certainly don't offer the same level of performance or features as a $649 flagship, but they're capable of accomplishing most tasks.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has long resisted the urge to release a low-cost iPhone. It discounts older models, but only slightly: the iPhone 5s, at $450, is still considerably more expensive than the average Android smartphone. This isn't much of a problem in developed economies, where consumers are able to afford Apple's high prices, but it limits emerging market demand. In the past, analysts have regularly called on Apple to release a cheap iPhone aimed at this market -- but those calls have been ignored.

Still, Apple's management sees the value in expanding the total number of iPhone owners. On the company's last earnings call, it laid out an alternative strategy -- one that could help put more iPhones in the hands of budget-constrained consumers.

A byproduct of more frequent upgrades

Apple is expected to sell around 70 million iPhones this quarter. Some of those handsets will go to first-time smartphone owners, but most buyers -- especially in the U.S. -- will be upgrading from an existing smartphone (and more often than not, an older iPhone). Those used smartphones could be headed to junk drawers or landfills, but an increasing number will make their way to emerging markets.

Firms like Gazelle, Glyde, HYLA Mobile, and Brightstar have been buying and selling used iPhones for years. Generally, phones are purchased from wireless carriers or directly from consumers in developed economies, then resold in emerging markets. If you participated in an iPhone trade-in program anytime this year, someone in Vietnam or Bangladesh might be using your old handset at this very moment.

Historically, however, most consumers have held on to their old handsets, even if they didn't intend to use them. In 2013, HYLA Mobile (via Bloomberg) estimated that only 15% of consumers traded in their old smartphones when they purchased new ones. That figure has likely risen in the last two years, and should rise significantly in the quarters to come.

New plans adopted by U.S. wireless carriers that allow for more frequent upgrades also force consumers to trade in their old handsets. Verizon will give iPhone 6s owners the ability to upgrade to an iPhone 7 next year, but only if they're willing to trade in their existing iPhone. The same is true for similar plans from T-Mobile, Sprint, and AT&T. The popularity of these early upgrade programs is expected to rise in the coming months -- Piper Jaffray believes more than half of U.S. iPhone owners will soon begin upgrading on an annual basis. That should mean tens of millions more used iPhones available to emerging market consumers.

U.S. wireless carriers remain the driving force behind this shift, but similar plans are increasingly being offered in other countries, and by Apple itself.

A boon for the App Store and Apple's platform

Apple's CEO Tim Cook spoke about this trend on the company's most recent earnings call, arguing that it should provide a significant tailwind for Apple's App Store business.

"I would also point out that some of these upgrade programs that are in the market, they sort of began to look more like a subscription business in terms of the way they operate...we think that, in the aggregate, that they may reduce upgrade cycles...also, the iPhone that has been sold to someone else hits the price point that we're not hitting today, largely, which could help further fuel the services revenue which we did quite well on last quarter."

Later in the call, Cook reiterated the point, arguing that used iPhones could provide tough competition for handsets powered by Alphabet's mobile operating system:

"We do like the fact that [early upgrade programs create] a market for...iPhone at a different price point...[that used iPhone is probably a] better product than [what the] customer may be currently buying, which would further help from an ecosystem point of view and that's not to be underestimated."

A used iPhone sold to a consumer doesn't benefit Apple's iPhone business directly, as it collects no revenue on the sale, but it does benefit the company in other ways. A consumer who buys a used iPhone might still purchase some apps from the App Store. Apple's Services segment, which includes the iTunes app store, is now Apple's third-largest business. Last quarter, it generated almost 10% of Apple's total revenue, rising 10% on an annual basis.

The growing number of used iPhones available in these markets could cannibalize some of Apple's own iPhone sales, but given the high price of new iPhones, it's more likely that they'll steal business from low-cost Android vendors. Alphabet's mobile operating system powers about 81% of the smartphones sold globally, with most of its success attributable to emerging market buyers. There won't be enough used iPhones available to make a significant dent in Android's market share, but every additional iPhone user helps as the iOS platform becomes that much more attractive to mobile developers.

Used iPhones may not be the emerging market answer analysts were looking for, but it seems to be the one they'll get. An Accurate Breakdown Of Apple iPhone Costs  Why Apple Is Best Positioned In Smartphones, In One Chart  Apple Music's first outside hardware partner is Sonos Apple Music subscribers will soon be able to queue up songs from Apple Inc. s AAPL, -0.53% catalog to wireless speaker systems from Sonos Inc. When the public beta launches on Dec. 15, it will mark the first time Apple pairs with an outside hardware maker on deep integration of its music streaming service.

Everyone using a Sonos speaker will be able to take part in the beta program provided they subscribe to Apple Music (which offers three-month free trials). Like any other Sonos-compatible music service   Spotify, Tidal, Pandora and Google Play, for instance   you send songs from Apple Music to one or more speakers using the Sonos app itself, on iOS, Android, Macs or PCs.

The defining features of Apple Music will all be available in the Sonos app, including human-curated  For You  playlists that are suggested based on your listening habits, Apple s Beats 1 radio station, and  My Music  which is a library of songs made up of each particular user s iTunes purchases plus favorite streaming albums and singles.

The two companies have been working on bringing Apple Music to Sonos speakers since Apple Music was first introduced, back in June. The partnership is unique for Apple in that Sonos speakers access the Internet to pull songs directly from a music service s servers. Songs aren t simply streamed via the phone, tablet or PC. The Sonos app is just a controller, letting you tee up what s next.

Apple doesn t typically grant that level of access to outside companies. With Apple Music, though, the iPhone maker is loosening its constraints a bit. For example, a dedicated Apple Music app is available on Android phones and tablets.

An extended version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Apple Inc. (AAPL): Why The Stock Is A Long-Term Short EconMatters: Holiday Melt Up in Stocks. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and most stocks do routinely well during the 4 th quarter, and especially the last couple of months of trading after earnings are out, and the fund managers are pushing everything up

with the goal of making their trading numbers by year end window dressing. It is amazing more people don`t realize this phenomenon and just buy December expiration calls on the SPY after the usual selloffs that happen in the third quarter, and wait for the holiday rally where stocks routinely melt up at year end.

$125 a Share

Apple almost touched $124 a share after earnings before some negative news came out regarding the supply chain which hinted at slower demand for I-Phones towards year end, and the stock reached its all-time high of almost $135 a share in late April of 2015. But if you are not already in at a good price for a long term short of Apple stock, then hope for one more run-up into year-end holiday trading to position yourself for the inevitable decline in this once Wall Street darling. Anything over $125 a share is an excellent price entry point to short this stock, and have a long term positive expected return on your investment from the short side. This stock should continue to put in lower highs and lower lows for the next five years, and ultimately continue lower for the next decade as this company eats through its massive cash reserves trying to come up with their next I-Phone blockbuster product in a declining margin world.

Large Institutional Ownership

Apple stock is a widely held stock by institutions, hedge funds and fund managers. This stock is basically a core holding in many fund managers portfolios, this is bad news once the bloom comes off of this rose, and investors start to see the long-term writing on the wall regarding increased costs and declining margins across the variety of Apple products it offers to consumers. In the end they are in a commoditized business, and this story never ends well judging by the history in this space over the last 50 years.

I-Phones Sales Hanging in There

I-Phones continue to hang on with newly created iterations with their slightly better bells and whistles but the improvements or differences between phone iterations are becoming less and less pronounced. Apple pulled the last big improvement in their phone out of the hat with finally giving in and producing a larger screen size for consumers. Sure there are still many I-Phone users who need to upgrade their phone, but I-Phones users are first adopters, that`s why they have I-Phones to begin with because branding and image are important to them so they don`t wait long to have the newest I-Phone. Stock prices are forward looking and the stock will move before the fundamentals fully become apparent to the overall market. By the time it becomes obvious that the trend in I-Phone sales is down for the foreseeable future, the stock will have long started its downward trek in price.

Smartphone Industry is a Mature Market

The cell phone and smart phone market is a mature industry, even basic and lower end smart phones essentially have the same comparable specs and features. And now that consumers have to pay full price for these small computers, consumers are going to think twice about shelling out $700 for a new I-Phone every year. Especially when the phones haven`t changed that much and they can get a pretty damn good equivalent smart phone for $50-$200 and in some cases even free with slightly older models. Once consumers get reoriented to the fact that they are basically buying the entire phone as no part is subsidized by their data provider, it is intuitive that I-Phone prices are going to come down to remain competitive in the market.

Margins Will Shrink for Entire Smartphone Segment

This is the next phase in the smart phone wars. First it was product innovation and differentiation. This phase as products become more and more alike is routinely followed by the price wars phase. And Apple has always tried to brand their way out of this problem by remaining the one premium branded product in the space. EconMatters view is that this may work for six more months but the writing on the wall will play out for Apple, and they will have to reduce prices just to stop the bleeding. As Apple is in for some brutal comps as I-Phones become too expensive relative to competitor offerings given the actual slight if any differences between smartphone specs. A consumer would find it difficult to justify paying $600 more for a phone when the only difference is a small icon on the back which will be covered up by a smartphone case nonetheless.

Beware of Spaceship Office Space

Beware in the history of building new office palaces or naming stadiums as this occurrence often through history signals the turning point in company fortunes. The list is long of company hubris at the top of the market spending out the wazoo for plush nice new office space only to have to move out of said office space or sell this luxury space at rock bottom prices in distressed times only a few years later. I expect this to be no different with Apple`s new spaceship offices in California. How many stadium naming rights deals have come undone over the years due to being taken over entirely or bankruptcy? The list is formidable to say the least! Candidly Bay Area real estate is probably in a bubble right now both on the commercial and residential side. And with the bubble in Unicorn and early stage financing of technology startups starting to show signs of cracking, it appears that technology stocks in general of many companies are going to experience difficult times based upon unrealistic expectations and cheap money evaporating that created unsustainable valuations. Thus let us label Apple stock as the signature leader in the decline of this bubble; the tech bubble bursting version 3.0.

The Electric Car Savior

This isn`t a surprise to Apple executives, why do you think they are working so hard on coming up with the next revolutionary product? This is why Apple is contemplating how far they can get into the automotive space, how profitable are heads up displays, or entire futuristic technology dashboards, can they profitably build an electric car without going bankrupt in the process due to cash flow drain? Investors are not going to stick around and wait to see if Apple can invent the next blockbuster product. Once the earning`s pain comes, this stock is going to get punished with 15% plus shellacking s on future earnings releases over the next five years. I do think electric cars are inevitable replacements for the combustion engine, but is Apple really going to outcompete German engineering in this area? Is Apple going to produce more electric vehicles ten years from now than BMW? Does this seem like a positive expectancy investment?

Grow Old Gracefully

I think the most optimistic case for Apple stock is that they can just grow old gracefully so to speak and produce high quality products for their core competency in existing product offerings. I admire their research and innovative spirit looking for the next big technological breakthrough, but this requires cash, and it is a good thing they have stored a lot of nuts for this rainy day, because they are going to bleed through cash reserves over the next ten years like nobody`s business seeking the next I-Phone holy grail product. I hope for their sake they find it because their existing business is a commoditized product model, and margins are going to come down during the same time as the company`s overall cost structure is going to go up significantly.

Bear Market Environment

Apple stock has had some massive declines on several occasions over the last 10 years of this bullish market environment. Look for the stock to move around a lot as it continues to put in lower highs and lower lows in a continual downtrend over the next decade. Apple stock is a long-term short for the patient investor. There will be several short shark attacks as institutional investors bail after miserable earnings releases over the next 10 years. But just wait until interest rates rise and we are in a full out bear market environment for the real declines in this stock. The sheer size of this stock in portfolio holdings is impressive, so not a lot of buyers left in this name, but this represents a whole heck of a lot of potential future sellers in this name on substantive negative news.

This article is brought to you courtesy of EconMatters. 
2015-12-04
Could Apple, Inc. Killing the Headphone Jack Hurt Square? Over the past week, speculation has intensified that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is preparing to kill the traditional 3.5 millimeter headphone jack in its never-ending quest for the thinnest and lightest iPhone it's ever made. Japanese blog Macotakara is reporting that the iPhone 7 will abandon the headphone jack and instead integrate audio directly into the Lightning connector.

This isn't an entirely new rumor, as Apple introduced specifications to integrate audio signals into Lightning in the summer of 2014 as part of its MFi accessory certification program. Around the same time, there was talk that Apple was making Lightning versions of its own EarPods as well. But the very fact that these rumors have now resurfaced gives that much more credibility to the possibility that Apple is indeed about to axe the jack.

As expected, this move has potentially massive implications for Apple's army of third-party accessory makers that participate in its MFi program. That could also apply to freshly public Square (NYSE:SQ), which famously commandeered the headphone jack for mobile payments.

Time to sign up for MFi

Square's innovative Magstripe Reader has long been its claim to fame, allowing anyone to accept credit card payments through the headphone jack of a smartphone. As such, the company could stand to lose if Apple ditches Square's primary interface method. Note that Square has never participated, nor has it needed to, in Apple's official MFi program. Square built its technology on standard 3.5 mm headphone jacks, where it doesn't need to worry about licensing fees or proprietary standards.

But if Apple kills the headphone jack, there's a distinct possibility that Square will need to sign up for MFi if it wants to develop a Lightning-compatible Magstripe Reader. None of this is to suggest that Apple might kill Square altogether, but it could hurt Square in the form of increased development costs related to its hardware. Square has long incurred losses on its hardware upfront in an effort to expand its installed base, which in turn grows payments volume. Negative gross margins for hardware sales are simply a necessary evil.

The market is evolving, though, and Square will need to keep up. The company recently released a new NFC contactless and chip card reader that it sells for $49, in part to support Apple Pay as well. Square has always given away its Magstripe Readers for free, and charging $49 for the new reader shows that the development wasn't cheap. If Square now needs to consider signing up for MFi and allocating resources to developing a Lightning-compatible reader, we're talking about even more R&D dollars that will continue to weigh on hardware gross margins.

Never look back

The good news is that Square likely has plenty of time to adapt. Even if Apple follows through with making the iPhone 7 the thinnest and lightest iPhone ever made by abandoning the traditional headphone jack, it's not as if the entire mutual customer base will upgrade overnight. Many of Square's small and local merchants will still have the same iPhones that they've always used to process payments.

But if there's anything we know about Apple, it's that once it turns its back on an antiquated technology, it never looks back. All future iPhones would lack the headphone jack, and as newer models infiltrate the market, Square will eventually need to come up out with a new reader. But at what cost? Alphabet Inc. Is Crushing Apple Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. in This Growing Market Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Chromecast is the best-selling media-streaming device in the world, according to research firm Strategy Analytics. The firm estimates that Google's device claimed 35% of the market during the third quarter, followed by 20% for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) TV and 16% for both Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) Fire TV and Roku's devices.

The 9.2 million streaming devices shipped in the quarter accounted for 17% of all shipments of "connected TV" devices, which also include smart TVs, Blu-ray players, and game consoles. Strategy Analytics estimates that total shipments of connected TV devices will grow 17% annually to 221 million units for the full year. What does Google's lead in this growing market mean for rivals like Apple and Amazon?

Google's streaming strategy

Google is approaching the connected TV market with two platforms: Android TV and Chromecast. With Android TV, Google relies on OEMs to manufacture Android-powered smart TVs and set-boxes that download apps and media content from Google Play. This platform replaces Google TV, a similar effort that flopped due to delayed Android integration and resistance from content providers. Android TV products, which are comparable to Apple TV and Fire TV, are notably pricier and less popular than Chromecast.

With Chromecast, Google "casts," or mirrors, mobile apps, media, or Chrome content to a $35 dongle connected to the TV. This strategy targets customers who simply want to mirror content from their mobile devices at the lowest possible price. Certain iOS and Android games can also be mirrored onto the TV, allowing the smartphone to be used as a Wii-like controller.

Chromecast's direct competitors include Amazon's Fire TV Stick and Roku's Streaming Stick, which both cost a little more. In late September, Google launched two new puck-shaped Chromecasts -- one for video and apps, and another for audio streaming.

Why the Chromecast is popular

The popularity of Chromecast indicates that customers like simple streaming solutions that use their smartphones or tablets as central hubs. Bigger set-top boxes cost more because they are equipped with more powerful hardware, which isn't necessary for mirroring-only solutions.

For casual gamers, playing a downloaded game on a $149 Apple TV or $100 Fire TV might not be all that different from playing an iOS or Android game being mirrored to the Chromecast. The new Chromecast also offers more flexible gaming options. For example, a player with an Android device can play a multiplayer game with an iPhone owner if both players cast their displays to the Chromecast.

The Chromecast isn't a major source of revenue for Google. Based on Strategy Analytics' third-quarter estimates, Google probably sold 1.8 million Chromecasts at $35 each, which equals $63 million in revenue (0.3% of its third-quarter revenues). Instead, it's an ecosystem play. By keeping an eye on the apps and media content that users stream to the Chromecast, Google gains more information to craft targeted ads, which strengthens its core advertising business.

Don't count Apple and Amazon out yet

But before Alphabet investors declare victory in the streaming device wars, they should note that things could change during the fourth quarter. Apple's aggressive marketing of the new Apple TV could boost holiday sales against the Chromecast. Amazon's decision to stop selling Apple TV and Chromecast devices could also hurt Chromecast sales, since the Chromecast was one of its top-selling consumer electronics devices.

Apple and Amazon also have different reasons for selling streaming devices. For Apple, the Apple TV could generate more digital revenues through media and app purchases, and serve as a base for Apple Music and its long-rumored streaming TV service. These digital revenues could diversify Apple's business away from iPhones, which generated over 60% of its revenue last quarter.

Amazon is using its set-top boxes to keep users dependent on its Prime ecosystem. Without a Prime membership, Fire TV users can't access Amazon's library of TV shows, films, and music. But once customers pay $99 per year for the service, studies show that they buy more digital and physical products. Earlier this year, research firm CIRP claimed that the average Prime member spends $1,200 annually on the site, compared to $700 for nonmembers.

Upcoming battles

Google has a good lead in the streaming market, but I'm not certain that it will last as full-featured streaming devices become smaller and cheaper. I also think that Apple's brand power and Amazon's massive ecosystem could curb Google's early growth. Either way, connected TVs will become a key battleground for these tech giants over the next few years. Samsung Corp to pay Apple Inc $548 million in patent suit, but it's no sign of ... Samsung Electronics Co. agreed to pay Apple Inc. the US$548 million a court ordered but that doesn t mean they ve come to a final resolution of their long-running patent battle over smartphones.

Samsung said in a court filing Thursday that it s only paying the money because an appeals court refused to block a judgment ordering it to pay. The South Korean device maker said it will pursue reimbursement for at least some of the money if the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office invalidates the patents and if the U.S. Supreme Court takes up its request for review.

They ve got to learn to coexist in some shape or form. This has been a very painful thing for the entire industry

It s been almost five years since Apple first accused Samsung of  slavishly  copying the iPhone, setting off a global patent battle that has shrunk in size but not in vitriol. The two tech behemoths have dropped all non-U.S. cases, leaving two main disputes that still have a ways to go in courts.

 I don t think it s over, but hopefully we re getting close,  said Robert Stoll, a patent lawyer with Drinker Biddle in Washington who isn t involved in the case.  They ve got to learn to coexist in some shape or form. This has been a very painful thing for the entire industry. 

The US$548 million is part of a case that dealt primarily with Apple s designs for the iPhone, as well as its  pinch-to- zoom  technology. The patent on the invention has been invalidated by the PTO, and Apple is challenging that decision.

Related

Samsung  Confident 

 We are disappointed that the court has agreed to proceed with Apple s grossly exaggerated damages claims regardless of whether the patents are valid,  said Danielle Meister Cohen, a Samsung spokeswoman.  While we ve agreed to pay Apple, we remain confident that our products do not infringe on Apple s design patents, and we will continue to take all appropriate measures within the legal system to protect our products and our intellectual property. 

Samsung has until Dec. 14 to file its petition to the Supreme Court challenging the finding that it infringed Apple s patented designs for phones. That s also the day Samsung is scheduled to cut the check to Apple.

The reason for paying the money is to avoid daily interest from accruing and increasing its costs, said Marcus Thymian, a patent lawyer with McDonnell Boehnen Hulbert & Berghoff in Chicago who isn t involved in the case.

 The fight goes on,  he said.  I don t see it as a precursor to a settlement. The cost of litigation is large in amount of dollars, but not large compared with the amount of revenue they re bringing in from the smartphones. 

Pinch-to-Zoom

Apple isn t conceding that Samsung would be entitled to any reimbursement, even if the pinch-to-zoom patent is invalidated. It s also asking the trial judge in California to impose even greater damages for continued infringement of the company s patents; Apple also wants IS$1.8 million in compensation for some of its costs.

The second trial involved Apple s slide-to-unlock, autocorrect and quicklink features of the iPhone. The appeals court that specializes in patent law in September said Apple can get a narrowly worded order that would block Samsung from using the inventions.

Samsung is asking the court to reconsider that decision, and has the backing of Google Inc., Facebook Inc., HTC Corp. and EBay Inc., which say the ruling has created uncertainty and enables patent owners to extract unfairly large settlements.

According to the Thursday filing, the two sides met with a magistrate judge in a settlement conference.

 That process is complete and did not result in a settlement,  they said.

The case is Apple Inc. v. Samsung Electronics Co., 11cv1846, U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California

Bloomberg.com 
2015-09-09
Opinion: The numbers don't lie: Apple's stock is a bargain In late July, I said investors were looking at a  golden opportunity to buy Apple s stock  after the iPhone maker s shares declined 4%.

That drop followed a fiscal third-quarter earnings report that showed strong earnings and sales growth, but the company disappointed investors with a lower-than-expected outlook for fourth-quarter sales.

Since then, Shares of Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% tumbled 18% from $125.22 on July 22 to a 2015 closing low of $103.12 on Aug. 24, before recovering to $110.15 on Wednesday. So the shares are down 12% since I made my call. On Wednesday, the shares were down 1.9%, following Apple s annual rollout of new products, including the iPhone 6s and 6S Plus, the iPad Pro and a new Apple TV streaming device.

Apple executives also discussed partnerships with several companies, including IBM, Cisco, Microsoft, in order to better orient the iPad Pro toward enterprise customers.

Follow: Apple event live coverage

Of course, I didn t predict the S&P 500 s SPX, -0.68% 8% decline since July 22 either. It appears I was  early  in suggesting that Apple would be a good long-term investment. Then again,  long term  means being committed for several years, and not reacting to the day-to-day fluctuation of the stock market.

FactSet Apple s stock has more than tripled over the past five years, but it hasn t always been a smooth run.

A major concern for analysts following the fiscal third-quarter earnings announcement was the possibility that Apple could face pressure on sales in China, where economic growth seems to be slowing. Sales in China more than doubled to $13 billion in the three months ended June 27.

Read: Apple s stock drop ahead of iPhone event could be good news for investors

Then again, Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha said in a note to clients on Thursday that  there will be continued volatility around the supply chain, given concerns over China demand even if Apple does not seem to have been impacted yet. 

Apple sold 169 million iPhones during fiscal 2014. Garcha expects sales for fiscal 2015 to rise to 234 million,  expanding to 241 million (in 2016) before plateauing.  He said upgrades will provide a  healthy tail wind to growth,  with large-size iPhones penetrating 70% of the iPhone market by the end of fiscal 2016 from  sub-30% today. 

The numbers tell the story: Apple s stock is cheap

Apple is, by far, the largest company in the world by market capitalization. The market value is $641 billion, with Google Inc. GOOGL, -0.15% coming in second place at $397 billion, if we include both the Class A and Class C GOOG, -0.09% shares.

Here are the 10 largest S&P 500 companies by market cap, including sales growth over the past 12 months:

Sales numbers have been adjusted by FactSet to exclude certain items, including revenue from foreign-exchange contracts.

Doubting Apple s ability to keep up a strong sales-growth pace is nothing new, but as you can see, it leads the 10 largest S&P 500 companies, four of which are technology firms.

The difference is even more stark when looking at growth of sales per share:

We included Google s Class A shares in this table, since the company split its shares into Class A and Class C in April 2014. The Class C shares are subject to dilution. Any further common shares the company issues will be Class C.

Apple s continuing buybacks lowered its average fiscal third-quarter diluted share count by 5% from a year earlier.

Read: How Apple s big events help its rivals

Buybacks have gotten a bad name, being seen as evidence that many companies lack innovative ways to expand their business with excess cash. Some may also use the buybacks simply to maintain the share count while doling out huge stock-based compensation packages to top executives.

Read: The real reason to worry about obscenely high executive pay

But in the case of Apple, the buybacks are shareholder-friendly, boosting already fantastic sales-growth numbers and earnings, as we ll see below.

This table shows how much more money Apple is making than other large companies:

Only J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -1.17% has posted faster earnings growth than Apple over the past 12 months, as the bank s legal and other costs associated with the credit crisis have declined.

Here s EPS growth over the past 12 months for the 10 largest S&P 500 companies:

For so many tech stocks, investors focus on sales growth rather than earnings growth. That is especially true for Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -1.29% But Apple continues to achieve outstanding results in both areas.

But the naysayers have a lot of influence, as you can see when looking at price-to-earnings multiples. The S&P 500 trades for 16.7 times the weighted aggregate consensus earnings estimate, among analysts polled by FactSet. Apple always trades at a big discount to the S&P 500 by this measure.

Here are current-year price-to-earnings ratios for the same 10 companies:

J.P. Morgan is the cheapest stock on the list by current-year P/E, but large banks tend to trade at a considerable discount to the S&P 500. Apple is the second-cheapest, trading at just 12.3 times current-year estimated earnings.

Apple s stock still looks like a bargain for long-term investors, despite years of doubt about its ability to continue boosting iPhone sales. Yes, it s always the case that past results don t determine how a company will do in the future, but there s no denying that Apple continues to surprise analysts and investors by putting up strong numbers as the years go by. Apple Stock Falls After Event: Here's How The Stock Acts Historically Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) were down roughly 2 percent on Wednesday, following its much-awaited event.

How will the stock perform in the weeks and months to come?

A look at the historical price movements might shed some light on the issue.

Usually, Apple s stock tends to surge in the month before big product announcements. However, after the product is presented, shares tend to fall, or at least struggle for a few days (and sometimes, even a month), a study conducted by Bespoke Investment Group reveals. Money Beat has called it a  typical buy-the-rumor-sell-the-news type of event. 

Related Link: Analyst: Apple TV Might Be Too Expensive (And Why It Should've Bought TiVo)

The chart below shows how the tech behemoth s stock has behaved before and after each iPhone and iPad launch.

Source: Bespoke

According to Bespoke, Apple has historically gained, in average, 5.2 percent in the month prior to iPhone announcements. Nonetheless, on the actual event days, shares have usually declined, averaging a fall of 1.8 percent in the month that followed the presentations.

As noted in the chart above, the stock does not always decline after product announcements. In 2007, on the day the iPhone debuted, the stock gained about 8 percent. However, since that moment, investors  reactions have been mostly negative.

The table above provides a more detailed look of the stock s reaction to each product launch.

Posted-In: Apple TV Bespoke iPad Pro iPhoneLong Ideas Movers Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Will Apple Inc be able to keep a secret about its upcoming products ever again? For Apple Inc., which wrote the book on how to unveil a new gadget, the days of the big reveal appear to be over, unless it can figure out how to quash pre-event leaks that have all but killed the magic that once surrounded its flamboyant showcases.

Apple's Christmas for geeks spoiled by product leaks, but Apple TV is a big gift

Comment: It s a struggle to determine how much coverage a product launch such as this Apple event should get anymore. It s great PR for a company that doesn t need it

 There s never been a series of Apple products that have leaked this much prior to an event,  said Ken Hyers, an analyst who tracks the mobile handset business for U.S.-based consultancy firm Strategy Analytics.  No one in tech puts on a better show than Apple, but a lot of this show is just confirmation  of widespread rumours.

Such is the risk of having so many different suppliers around the world working on so many new, highly anticipated gadgets. Purported hardware specifications and photos of their components and packaging were being published in the weeks leading up to Wednesday s San Francisco event in sourced reports, dampening the kind of showmanship that once electrified the tech community.

But then again, with the explosive growth in the device market having over the years attracted much fiercer competitors than just BlackBerry, Apple is in a world where it is rarely the first to bring a new technical feature to market. Although it still pulls off the most flair (in most cases) in the delivery, even when it s not exactly pioneering a new innovation.

A pressure-sensitive display that lets users do more when they tap, called Touch Force, is one of the main features of the new iPhone 6S line, but it was reported in late May by blog 9to5Mac. (And Samsung has at least been hinting at pressure screens since last year.)

Related

Other iPhone features, like a 12-megapixel camera, rose-gold casing and 4K display, have already appeared on rival devices. After tallying up the list of features, Hyers joked that the only thing he didn t know was coming before the event began was whether the charging port in the newest Apple devices featured Apple s lightning connector or a USB.

 The supply chain is so colossally huge now, where you have components coming from so many different manufacturers and devices being built in factories across China,  he said.  A lot more people are able to get pieces of the device and put them out there  for public consumption on places like social media and blogs.

Still, the Cupertino, Calif.-based giant is betting ahead of the holiday shopping season that its lineup of new devices, as iterative or expected as they may be perceived by the masses, will be enough to expand its reach into new markets and lift sales to new heights.

Shares of Apple fell 1.9 per cent in New York to US$110.11.

 More than ever, for any of these events, whether it s Apple, LG or Samsung, short of forcing the workers to stay in the factories with an armed guard around, you can t prevent this sort of thing,  Hyers added.  It s practically impossible,  he said, for a company of this size to keep its secrets, well, secret.

cpellegrini@nationalpost.com Take a Look at Apple by the Numbers As the world anxiously awaits the technology updates and new device announcements expected from Apple Inc. at its annual conference on Wednesday, here's a look at some of the company's most recent statistics, as of March.

The revenue for Apple, arguably one of the most valuable brands around the world, grew from about $8 billion dollars in 2004 to more than $180 billion in 2014.

iPhones

In the fourth quarter of 2014, the iPhone sold at a growth rate that was almost double that of the industry, 49 percent to 26 percent. On March 9, during its "Spring Forward" event, Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook announced his company had sold 700 million iPhones worldwide.

The first iPhone, which in March Cook called, "the best iPod we had ever created," was introduced in June 2007. Seven months later, Apple had sold 3.7 million iPhones. By March 2015, the device was propelled into the top-selling smartphone in the world, with 99 percent customer satisfaction, Cook said. China passed the U.S. as Apple's biggest market for the iPhone during the first quarter of this year.

Apple Watch

Almost 1 million people in the U.S. ordered an Apple Watch in the first 24 hours after it was available for pre-order in April.

Apple TV

Cook called Apple the "industry leader" in the streaming TV space. By March, the company had sold 25 million units, and dropped the price from $99 to $69.

Stock

For the first time ever ahead of its annual event, Apple stock has been dropping, according to USA Today. Shares of Apple fell 6.2 percent in the month before Wednesday's long-awaited conference.

Mac vs. PC

Apple's Mac business grew 21 percent last year, compared with the PC industry, which shrunk 2 percent in the same time, Cook said.

Apple Pay

The digital wallet service allows users to make payments using the iPhone and other Apple products. Last October, the service began with six of the largest banks in the U.S. Now, more than 2,500 banks support Apple Pay. In just three months, the company tripled the number of locations accepting the service to nearly 700,000 across the U.S.

Stores

As of March, Apple had 453 stores in 16 countries worldwide. The company plans to nearly double its stores in China by having 40 in the Asian country by the end of this year. In 2011, China became the world's largest smartphone market. The country has an estimated 520 million smartphone users, the highest number in the world.

Customers

More than 120 million customers visited Apple Stores in the fourth quarter of 2014.

Health

More than 900 applications help users manage and track their health and fitness.

Apple fans can watch a livestream of Wednesday's event, which starts at 1 p.m. ET at the Bill Graham Civic Auditorium in San Francisco. Apple Inc. Before iPhone 6S Launch: Where Will Demand Go Next? Apple has scheduled its biggest event ever for 1 p.m. Eastern today, suggesting some major surprises, although it s hard to imagine that the company could possibly top the rumors that have been going around. The company also faces a tall order in topping last year s iPhone sales, as the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus brought its first larger-screened iPhones, and this year s iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus will likely have smaller improvements, which is typical of S models.

Big screen smartphones: the final frontier

If demand for Samsung s smartphones has taught us anything, it s that it appears phone makers have reached the final frontier in terms of upgrades. After adding a bigger display, there haven t been many further improvements, and Apple finally caught up to other smartphone makers with the larger display last year.

As a result, some think the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus will be Apple s last hurrah and that next year will mark a meaningful decline in demand. However, others remain confident that demand for the iPhone will continue rising steadily.

iPhone 6S to kick off farewell tour?

The folks at Argus Insights wrote a blog post with a bold headline:  iPhone: The Farewell Tour?  However, JPMorgan analysts issued a collection of charts suggesting that demand for the iPhone will continue to rise steadily.

One of the big problems Apple and all smartphone makers is saturation in major markets. Because of the lack of significant upgrades each year, consumers are choosing to keep their  good enough  phones. Argus Insights CEO John Feland said earlier this year that Apple probably has only one good iPhone cycle left unless, of course, the company can surprise consumers with some kind of major innovation.

iPhone 6S the last model to spur upgrades?

The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are expected to come with a new Force Touch display, which could be enough to convince consumers to upgrade, but beyond that, it s expected that Apple will just have the basic annual upgrades like camera improvements, a better processor, etc. Argus Insights put together a graph showing the history of iPhone demand since April 2014.

As you can see, demand rose as retailers cleared out their inventory of the iPhone 5S, and then it shot upward around the release of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. Then it fell again over the summer as fans anticipated the release of the iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus.

Why might the iPhone 6S cycle still be big despite the lack of compelling upgrades?

So why has Argus come to the conclusion that iPhone users may buy this year yet? They suggest that iPhone 5S and 5C users are ready for an upgrade if they were unable to upgrade last year. Also they believe those who did not buy the Galaxy Note 5 because of the so-called  Pengazi  issues, as could Android users who were still locked into their contracts when the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus came out last year.

As a result, the firm believes that Apple will again enjoy a strong iPhone cycle one more time this year, although it probably won t be as big as last year.

iPhone upgrades by the numbers

JPMorgan put out some graphs ahead of today s even to give investors a picture of where Apple s iPhone sales might go next. First they show what they call  natural adopters  compared to the company s total installed base:

They don t explain what they mean by  natural adopters,  however. Next is a graph showing upgrades as a percentage of the iPhone base, which they shoe rising steadily through the end of next year:

Where JPMorgan differs from Argus

Interestingly, the JPMorgan team appears to think Apple has a big opportunity for upgrades through at least the third quarter of 2017. At that time, they think upgrades to phones with larger screens may be tapped out, which would remove one reason consumers may have for upgrading over the next couple of years if they don t have a phone with a big screen.

Interestingly, they think there will still be a lot of iPhones with smaller screens in use through the end of next year. This seems to suggest that either iPhone users will keep their iPhone 5S or that Apple will release an updated C model.

There have been rumors that there will be an iPhone 6C this year along with the iPhone 6S and 6S Plus. We will find out if these rumors are true in just a couple of hours.

Apple to keep dominating in high-end smartphones

Apple has been holding a large share of the $400+ smartphone market for several years and is expected to continue doing so. While this is good, demand for high-end smartphones dropped significantly in 2012 and has yet to recover fully.

And here s a look at three possible cases for Apple s share of the high-end smartphone market over the next couple of years:

Apple and Samsung have been battling less expensive Chinese-made smartphones, which are beginning to catch up to the high-end models in terms of some specs, although there is still room to grow.

We will be live blogging today s big event, so check back here around 1 p.m. Eastern for full coverage.

Most graphs are courtesy JPMorgan, except where noted. How to trade Apple before and after its big announcements How to trade Apple before and after iPhone events Wednesday, 9 Sep 2015 | 11:30 AM ET | 01:04

There's no shortage of hype ahead of Apple events and releases.

Steve Jobs was master of the buildup and presentation, and that hasn't changed with Tim Cook.

But is there such a thing as "antici-pointment" when it comes to Apple? (A feeling of anticipation followed by disappointment?)

Read MoreSeptember swoon playbook: Avoid Apple, buy Nike

Historical market action suggests that anticipation builds leading up to releases and events, and may then be followed by disappointment. Put another way: Buy on the rumor, sell on the fact.

Using big-data analytics platform Kensho, we looked back on all iPhone announcements and releases since January 2007, when Steve Jobs first introduced what he called a "revolutionary product."

Back then, investors didn't know what to expect or make of the original iPhone. Apple stock rose less than 1 percent in the two weeks leading up to the announcement, and traded fairly flat in the two weeks after. But when the product was released six months later, in June, the stock soared more than 14 percent. It seemed that expectations had been set, and the bar had been set high. 
2015-03-12
Broadcom Corporation and the Next Apple Inc. iPhone The Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6 series, like all prior iPhone iterations, features a Broadcom (NASDAQ:BRCM) connectivity chip. The latest iPhones come with a 1x1 802.11ac capability, which implies the chip Broadcom is providing to Apple falls on the lower end of its 802.11ac offerings. Many competitors in the high-end of the Android market are using 2x2 802.11ac solutions, which offer significantly more peak bandwidth.

What this means is that to the extent that Apple dominates the high-end of the smartphone market, Broadcom should see a poorer product mix than it would if companies like Samsung were gaining share.

A question that I find particularly interesting is whether Apple will make the move to a 2x2 802.11ac solution with the next iPhone, or whether it will stick with the 1x1 802.11ac solution currently found in the iPhone 6.

What each scenario would mean

It is well-known that the older a chip is, the cheaper it gets. If Apple sticks with the same connectivity chip in the next iPhone, then -- assuming Apple remains the dominant premium smartphone player -- this could actually be an average selling price and/or margin headwind for the chipmaker.

If Apple moves to a 2x2 802.11ac solution, then I would expect that it would move to a more mature and lower-priced offering. This might not mean a big boost for Broadcom's average selling prices, but it would sure beat the decline that would come with reusing the current 1x1 802.11ac solution.

The next iPhone is already getting significant upgrades

According to AnandTech, Apple used the same 802.11n Wi-Fi chip in both the iPhone 5 and the iPhone 5s, opting not to upgrade the chip generation-to-generation. There is a fairly recent precedent, then, for Apple to use the same Wi-Fi chip for two generations in a row. This would help Apple maximize its margins (at the expense of suppliers like Broadcom), but some might argue that it would hamper Apple's competitive positioning.

An interesting argument to the contrary would be that Apple was able to rake in $18 billion in profit using the iPhone 6 series and its "mere" 1x1 802.11ac solution against flagship Android phones with 2x2 802.11ac solutions.

Additionally, rumors point to Apple already making a number of potentially costly upgrades in the next iPhone. For example, the move to an applications processor built on a 14/16-nanometer FinFET manufacturing technology are expected to raise per-chip costs. Apple is also expected to double the amount of memory in its iPhones, from 1 gigabyte to 2 gigabytes, and move to the newer, more costly LPDDR4 memory type in the process.

Finally, according to the Wall Street Journal, Apple is expected to add Force Touch to its next iPhones. It stands to reason that adding Force Touch, which requires Apple's "taptic engine," will also add to component costs.

While a new and more expensive Wi-Fi chip would be a nice improvement, it is not clear if Apple will be able to include one while maintaining acceptable margins. It might just be smarter for the company to wait another year for the current crop of 2x2 802.11ac solutions to come down in price. Apple Inc. has acquired 26 firms in 15 months while pursuing increased ... Feature

Riding high the day after detailing a series of new products at its Spring Forward event, Apple's chief executive Tim Cook recapped the company's progress at its annual shareholder meeting on Tuesday, with a particular focus on acquisitions, partnerships and achieving the kind of diversity that reflects the company's growing, global audience of employees and customers.



Cook reviews 2014

Swift, Pay & Continuity

With $13B in CapEx for 2015, Apple is "reshaping the global supply chain"

26 new acquisitions, 100,000 employees

Apple has now passed the 100,000 employee mark. In 2006, Apple employed just 20,000. Within the last year, Apple has added 20,000 new employees to its global workforce.

Happy with IBM, "no relationship" with Tesla

Brand as a reputation, rather than an invented facade

Diversity is part of doing the right thing as a business

Cook noted that Lisa Jackson was hired "because she was perfect," and stated that Denise Young Smith was promoted because of "what she accomplished at Apple Retail."



The formal business side of Apple's shareholder meeting reelected its seven directors and devoted the least attention to political distractions at the event in several years. There were no protests about "iWaste" (Greenpeace now lauds Apple's leading position in environmental issues), and no " silly sideshow " activist lawsuits like one filed by David Einhorn in 2013.There was only a brief presentation of a "Risk Report" proposal fronted by a right wing group that sought to skewer the company's investments in alternative energy as entirely dependent upon the current U.S. administration's policies and doomed to crisis if the next one goes in the direction imagined by certain U.S. Senate members flouting the Logan Act.Shareholders overwhelming rejected the proposal with more than 98% of their votes. The rapid conclusion to the corporate business side of the meeting left Cook with more time to devote to things he was actually interested in talking about, as well as questions and comments from shareholders in attendance, which weren't always things Cook wanted to discuss.Cook beamed while holding up a print copy of the New York Post emblazoned with the headline "Watch Out!" and featuring a cover festooned with eight screens depicting Apple Watch fitness, friends, phone, faces, social media, texts, flight status and sports features. A subheading blared, "Apple unveils its new do-it-all wrist gismo.""Check it out on your iPad," Cook quipped to the audience, "I hope you have one."He then praised a series of Apple's teams and their leaders, including the "bang up job" of Craig Federighi's software team in delivering iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite; Eddy Cue's iCloud team in successfully deploying Apple Pay during the holiday season when retailers are hesitant to audition new technologies; and the "unbelievable process" that luxury goods expert Angela Ahrendts has brought to Apple Retail.Cook separately noted the first new retail locations Apple has opened in Brazil and Turkey, the company's 21st store opened in China, and reiterated the company's plans to have 40 stores open in Greater China by the middle of 2016.Cook then recapped the introduction of Research Kit , noting that it is "not a business model" and that, "for those looking for an ROI [Return on Investment], there's not one."That line appeared to be directed across the bow of critics who last year demanded (and again this year, in the failed shareholder proposal) that Apple only pursue investments capable of turning a short term profit immediately measurable in dollars.Instead, Cook referred to Research Kit as a "tool to make a profound difference" in clinical research and healthcare, the beginning of a theme of responsible, ethical and principled corporate leadership that wound through the rest of the shareholder meeting.Cook also mentioned Swift , Apple's new programming language, noting in particular that despite relatively little attention from the media, Swift was already being taught in universities around the world, just months after it was introduced last fall. That kind of rapid dissemination into educational channels is virtually unprecedented, Cook noted.Like Apple Pay, Swift is being adopted faster than even Apple expected it could be. Cook has repeatedly noted that Apple believes Swift "will have a profound effect on our ecosystem."Cook also reiterated how initiatives from CarPlay to HomeKit to Health create a "seamless extension of iOS" in other aspects of user's lives, and tied in the umbrella technologies of Continuity in iOS and OS X--and soon Apple Watch--as also playing an important role in expanding, enhancing and differentiating Apple's platforms and products for consumers.After profiling the success of recent product introductions, Cook noted that Apple isn't standing still. The company aims to invest a record $13 billion in capital expenditures during fiscal 2015. So far, the company has reported spending $2.1 billion on CapEx in its fiscal Q1, which includes "product tooling and manufacturing process equipment; data centers; corporate facilities and infrastructure, including information systems hardware, software and enhancements; and retail store facilities."In fiscal 2014, Apple spent $11 billion on CapEx. Just five years ago, the company was only spending just over $2 billion on annual CapEx in total, outlining a vast increase in the infrastructure, including manufacturing capacity, that Apple is investing in on global scale.In October 2013, Asymco analyst Horace Dediu astutely noted that Apple's rapidly increasing capital expenditures "has followed very closely their production of iOS devices," after having earlier detailed "how Apple's enormous capital spending is reshaping the global supply chain for the industry."Over the last fifteen months, Apple has acquired 26 other companies, Cook announced, largely for their talent and intellectual property. That's a larger figure than the 24 acquisitions Cook cited last year as having completed in the previous 18 months. Additionally, the identity of 17 of Apple's latest 26 acquisitions remains a mystery.Only nine of these are publicly known about, including photography developer SnappyLabs , TestFlight maker Burstly , micro-LED maker LuxVue , social search startup Spotsetter , talk radio service Swell , the "Pandora of Books" BookLamp Beats Electronics , e-magazine publisher Prss and UK media analytics startup Semetric Cook noted that the company likes to keep its acquisitions and the strategy behind them as quiet as possible, as reflected in the boilerplate acknowledgements the company's PR team is occasionally forced to make, stating only that "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plan."That's a very different model than the prominent acquisitions made by other major tech firms, which frequently not only advertise who they are buying but also explain why, noting in some cases that they are buying audiences of active users (as Facebook did with Instagram and WhatsApp), or promoting the idea that they are entering entirely new business (like Google's recent acquisitions of Softcard, Nest, Dropcam and Titan Aerospace).Cook also noted that Apple has now passed the 100,000 employee mark. Last May, AppleInsider profiled that in 2006, Apple employed just 20,000. Within the last year, Apple has added 20,000 new employees to its global workforce.Cook next addressed Apple's partnership with IBM to build " MobileFirst apps for iOS, saying Apple is happy with IBM and that the "conduit is wide open" for the two companies to collaborate in new arenas. Cook praised IBM's "knowledge of verticals" and its "go to market team," noting that the enterprise is interested in the ease of use and simplicity that Apple offers."IBM is not in the business we are in," Cook noted, perhaps an allusion to the series of instances where former partners have turned on Apple as competitors, including Microsoft in the 1990s, Google in the 2000s, and most recently its key supplier Samsung in the 2010s.In response to shareholder questions asking about whether Apple has plans to leverage IBM's Watson and other advanced machine learning technologies, Cook said the two companies' relationship is "so good it would be a surprise if other things don't fall out."On the other hand, two shareholders hoping for some affirmation of Apple entering into a partnership with (or even acquiring) carmaker Tesla were apparently disappointed to hear Cook flatly say "we don't have a relationship with Tesla."Cook added that he'd welcome Tesla's adoption of CarPlay (the minor but very visible carmaker is a notable standout in this regard), but Cook didn't entertain any speculation about Apple's reported plans to enter the automotive business as a carmaker itself.When asked about what Apple is doing to protect and nurture its multibillion dollar brand, Cook answered with a thought he attributed to Steve Jobs, that a brand "can sometimes be viewed as a facade," essentially a false front of invented pretense. Instead, Cook said that Apple sees its brand as standing for something, meaning something and 'expressing who we are.'Rather than fronting a brand identity, Apple sees its brand as a representation of what the company actually does and is. "We don't try to be a German company in Germany, or a British company in the UK. We are a California company," Cook stated.That also explains why Apple hasn't sought to create a proliferation of marques to designate low end or luxury model lines (like the old Apple Performa or Centris brands from the 1990s that Jobs canceled) and why it doesn't stretch its reputation thin with brands like Samsung's Galaxy, which includes both high end expensive products down to very low end, basic devices the company internally refers to as " good enough, carrier friendly " models.Cook also addressed a series of other initiatives at Apple, beginning with its pioneering efforts in human rights and worker rights in China, including invitations that brought Chinese Universities into factories as partners in creating an educated, dynamic workforce.He noted accessibility in Apple's products as an important factor in making the best products possible for everyone who uses them, and noted that Apple had reached its goal from the previous year to achieve 100 percent renewable energy for powering its data centers and other facilities, noting that experts had previously told the company that it would not be able to do this, but it did anyway.Also addressed were Apple's greater than $100 million backing of the Global Fund's (Product)Red campaign to end HIV transmission in Africa, and its $100 million pledge to the Obama Administration's ConnectED , tasked with enhancing learning and opportunities in disadvantaged schools.Cook noted that the program has identified that 92 percent of children at schools linked to poverty are members of minorities. That highlights one example of how providing a more level playing field in early opportunities can result in improvements down the line in diversity overall.Introduced as a special guest, Cook invited the Reverend Jessie Jackson to read prepared comments from the audience addressing the need for continued efforts to support a diverse workforce and to bring more diversity into corporate leadership positions.Cook has previously acknowledged that Apple's executive team and board--like most American companies--are predominantly made up of white males, although efforts to broaden the board's demographic to better represent the company and its customers has resulted in the appointments of two highly qualified female executives, Andrea Jung and Sue Wagner.In response to a question about diversity from a shareholder who identified himself as both African American and representing the GLBT community, Cook singled out Lisa Jackson , the former head of the EPA, now leading Apple's environmental initiatives, and Denise Young Smith , who was promoted from running Human Resources in Retail to overseeing all of corporate HR.But instead of than suggesting that Apple was aiming to improve its diversity numbers through preferential treatment of members of minorities, Cook noted that Jackson was hired "because she was perfect," and stated that Young Smith was promoted because of "what she accomplished at Apple Retail."Rather than implementing selective hiring policies resembling Affirmative Action, Apple is instead seeking to increase the number of qualified women and minorities who are working in tech. That includes a new $40 million contribution to the Thurgood Marshall College Fund, a non-profit supporting 100 historically black colleges and universities across the U.S.The TMCF, which is also supported by Walmart and the NBA, will use the money to "create a database of computer science majors at HBCUs, train both students and faculty and offer scholarships," according to a report by Michal Lev-Ram for Fortune.That report noted that Apple is also setting up a paid internship program for "particularly promising students," as well as donating $10 million to National Center for Women and Information Technology, an organization working to "create a broader pipeline of female technology workers." Google, Microsoft and Symantec have also contributed to fund the NCWIT.Apple's Young Smith told Fortune that the company is also talking to military leadership to develop ways to 'provide technology training and specialized on boarding programs for veterans,' a population that in the U.S. has historically failed to gain adequate support in finding employment after their service from the nation itself."In any of these programs we're really trying to provide focus, impact and a ripple effect-not just on Apple," Young Smith stated. HBO Now on Apple TV: A Win-Win Deal for Apple Inc. and Time Warner Inc.? Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) recently announced that Time Warner (NYSE: TWX) HBO's HBO Now, the premium channel's stand-alone streaming service, will launch in early April as a three-month timed exclusive for Apple TVs, iPhones, iPads, and iPods. The app will be nearly identical to HBO Go, but will cost $15 monthly instead of requiring a subscription to cable TV. New subscribers will get the first month free, just in time to watch the season premiere of Game of Thrones on April 12.

This deal clearly benefits Apple by giving consumers a new reason to buy an Apple TV instead of a Roku device, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Chromecast, Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Fire TV, or similar product. But it also limits HBO Now's potential audience by keeping it off other set-top players, mobile devices, smart TVs, and gaming consoles. Is this a lopsided deal or actually a win-win deal for both companies?

How HBO will help Apple

Apple recently lowered the price of the Apple TV from $99 to $69. That was a clear response to cheap streaming devices like the Roku 1, Chromecast, and Fire TV Stick, which all cost between $30 to $50.

According to research firm Parks Associates, Roku devices accounted for 29% of U.S. streaming device sales in 2014, followed by 20% for Chromecast and 17% for Apple TV. However, Roku and Apple TV's market shares both declined year over year after Amazon and Google entered the market.

Apple was originally rumored to launch a redesigned Apple TV last year, but the upgrade was delayed due to stalled negotiations with content providers. Therefore, the HBO deal could encourage content providers to get on board and pave the way for the launch of a new Apple TV. Apple doesn't report Apple TV sales figures quarterly, but CEO Tim Cook announced at the "Spring Forward" even that Apple has sold 25 million units to date. Compare that to last April when Cook said 20 million units had been sold so far, and May 2013 when the running total was 13 million units.

Investors should remember that Apple TVs aren't high-margin products. Teardown.com claimed that the third generation Apple TV cost roughly $70 to manufacture back in 2012. In 2014, the site tore down Amazon's $99 Fire TV set-top box and claimed that it had a bill of materials of $93.

The second revision of the Apple TV from 2013 (the current unit) likely has cheaper components, but its margins are probably still thin. However, Apple intends to monetize the device by tethering more users to the iTunes ecosystem.

How Apple will help HBO

It might seem counterproductive to limit HBO Now to a Apple devices at launch, but it makes sense considering the way Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), the largest cable and broadband provider in the U.S., interfered with the launch of HBO Go.

When HBO launched HBO Go, most ISPs allowed cable subscribers of HBO to access the app. Comcast, however, worried that HBO Go would cause its broadband costs to rise and cannibalize viewership of its cable TV counterpart. Therefore, Comcast blocked HBO Go on Amazon, Roku, and Sony PlayStation devices. Amazon and Sony didn't retaliate, but Roku filed a FCC complaint against Comcast and forced the ban to be lifted.

By striking a deal with Apple, Time Warner sends a clear message to Comcast -- that it might get away with bullying Sony and Amazon, but it should probably think twice before blocking access on Apple devices. Launching HBO Now as a timed exclusive for Apple devices narrows its appeal to less than a fifth of U.S. streaming devices, but it ensures that the app gets a focused and widely publicized launch. Additionally, the exclusivity window is only three months.

The verdict

Apple's HBO deal probably annoys Roku, Amazon, Google, and other streaming device makers, but it probably won't turn Apple TV into a market leader. Meanwhile, Netflix gets three more months to shore up its defenses against HBO Now across other streaming platforms.

NPD Group estimates that 25% of U.S. homes will own streaming devices by the end of 2015, up from 16% in 2014. If Apple wants a bigger piece of that pie, it must launch a cheaper device on par with the Chromecast and Fire TV Stick, since the luxury appeal of its smartphones, tablets, and computers isn't carrying over to set-top boxes.

Meanwhile, HBO Now gets a nice promotional boost from the Apple deal, but the service could still be considered overpriced compared to Netflix and Amazon Prime, which respectively cost $7.99 per month and $99 per year. Therefore, the deal lets Apple and Time Warner help each other, but those mutual benefits probably won't be enough to boost their presence in the streaming media market. Expert: Apple Watch Could Have A Projector Or Holographic Display In 5 Years Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is gearing up for the release of its first wearable device, Apple Watch. The long-awaited smartwatch comes with a host of bells and whistles, but the primary focus seems to be on the user's overall daily health. That may not be the case five years from now.

Cody Willard, chairman of Scutify (a financial social network), told Benzinga that Apple is developing bigger and better features that could be rolled out within the next two to five years. The primary feature will be a projector or holographic effect that will display an image above the watch's display.

"It's just not here yet," said Willard. "Apple's not going to put it on here until it's ready. Could be two years. Could be five years."

If there are any holdups, it could be the projector's initial functionality.

"People are going to want to be able to interact with the actual projector, not just tap an actual touch screen," Willard warned. "Along with this, of course, voice recognition and voice command [will] become easier to use. The evolution of that is progressing as usual."

Hewlett-Packard Company (NYSE: HPQ) is one of many companies working on mobile display technology that allows a 3D image to extend beyond the screen.

Related Link: Expert: Apple, HBO Partnership Is The Start Of Something Big

Too Excited To Sit

While future iterations could be far more advanced, Willard is still very excited for the first-generation Apple Watch.

"I can't even sit in my chair I'm so excited," he said. "The ability to engage with the Internet and the content and the videos and the phone calls and messages and Scuttles and my Scutify app and all that stuff, to be able to do it easier, faster, more functional, without my fingers having to hold a phone [is incredible]."

Willard doesn't care about the most expensive Apple Watches, which retail for $17,000. He said the company created those "just for buzz reasons."

"They don't have any expectation of selling even $1,000 watches," said Willard. "I'm guessing 80 percent will be under $500."

Don't Expect A Price Drop

The MacBook Air has had so many price drops that consumers might expect the Apple Watch to go through a similar cycle. Willard said otherwise.

"It's going to be more like the iPhone pricing," he said. "They won't drop prices. They'll just keep rolling out better versions."

If the price is ever reduced, consumers shouldn't expect a massive decrease.

"I highly doubt that Apple will ever drastically drop the price -- even over time -- on the Apple Watch," said Willard. "I expect it will be $349 for several years to come and it might even go up in price like the iPhone 6 Plus."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Apple Watch Cody Willard iPhone 6 Plus ScutifyTop Stories Exclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-12-22
Apple Inc. and Ericsson Forgive, Forget, and Move On Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is no stranger to the courtroom, but the tech giant will also bury the hatchet on occasion. On Monday morning, Apple and Ericsson (NASDAQ:ERIC) canceled all patent litigation between the two companies, instead settling for a seven-year partnership.

The new cross-licensing deal works on a global level, and includes all standards-essential technology patents from both Ericsson and Apple along with an undisclosed handful of other patents.

The pact starts off with an initial payment from Cupertino to Ericsson, and then Apple will continue to pay ongoing royalties to the Swedish telecommunications veteran over the years. All of the specific terms and costs are confidential. Ericsson's next quarterly report might provide some clues, assuming that Apple's payments are large enough to make an obvious difference to Ericsson's income statements.

This action ends legal proceedings in Texas, California, and three European countries. You know how it works: One suit is met by counterclaims, with additional complaints filed in other courts to keep the other party on their toes.

Next up, the combatants turn into partners, pooling their resources to research next-generation networking management, video traffic improvements, and the general 5G wireless standard.

"We are pleased with this new agreement with Apple, which clears the way for both companies to continue to focus on bringing new technology to the global market, and opens up for more joint business opportunities in the future," said Ericsson's Chief Intellectual Property Officer Kasim Alfalahj in a press statement.

Talking to Swedish newspaper Svenska Dagbladet , Alfahali clearly wanted to hold back but still offered some additional detail on the deal.

"We have been having discussions for the last two years in order to put a new agreement together," Alfahali said. "It is broad, global, and extends over seven years. An important agreement."

When asked how this might affect Ericsson's hiring needs, he backed down: "It is too early to say what traction this may get."

Ericsson shares jumped as much as 7% higher on the news. The stock is still trading 22% lower year to date, including a 14% drop over the last six months. The company has struggled to grow sales or cash flows in recent years, as the telecom infrastructure industry has consolidated all around Ericsson.

Apple shares rose 1% on Monday, just ahead of the general market. Ericsson never threatened to kill or bankrupt the much larger company, but a peaceful agreement is always better than the uncertainty of swirling lawsuits.

The Apple accord is not a game-changer, or Ericsson would have had to report the approximate size of Cupertino's life-saving checks. But it certainly goes in the "good news" column, and may to used as leverage to land other agreements and patent-supported sales in the near future. Apple Offers Proxy Access Apple Inc. said it had made it easier for long-time shareholders, or a group of shareholders, to nominate a director for its board, joining a growing list of companies offering  proxy access. 

In a securities filing, Apple said its board of directors had adopted amended bylaws Monday that allow a shareholder, or a group of up to 20... Apple Says WARF's $234M Patent Damages Can't Be Tripled Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. 
2015-11-06
As Goes Apple Inc. (AAPL) So Goes the Nation: The Rise of the Digital Service ...  As goes GM, so goes the Nation  is attributed to Charles Wilson, CEO of GM, in Congressional hearings 1953. His viewpoint was that GM was so big, and so important, that the country s economic fortunes were inherently dependent on a robust General Motors.

And this was not so far fetched in the Industrial era. 1940s-1960s America was a manufacturing king. Following WWII industrial products dominated the economy, and post-war U.S. manufacturers made products sold around the world as other economies rebuilt and recovered, or just started emerging. With manufacturing the jobs and economic value creator, and GM the largest manufacturer and non-government employer of its time, what was good for GM was generally good for America.

But that tie has clearly broken. GM filed bankruptcy in the summer of 2009. From 2007 to 2009 American employment fell from 121.5M to just over 110M. Last month jobs rose by 271,000, pushing employment to a fully recovered 122M jobs. However, GM and its manufacturing partners have struggled to recover, as this economic expansion has largely left them behind.

We ve seen a wild shift in the country s economic base. In 1900 America was an agrarian economy. Over half the population lived on farms. Fully 9 out of 10 working people had a job related to agriculture and food production. But automation changed this dramatically. By 2010, fewer than 1 in 100 people worked in farming or agriculture. Farm incomes are at a 9 year low, and the future direction is downward. Rural towns have disappeared as people moved to cities, concentrating over half the nation s wealth in just its 20 largest cities.

WWII marked the shift from an agrarian to an industrial economy for America. It was the industrial economy that pulled America out of the1930s Great Depression. The industrial revolution ushered in all kinds of mechanical automation, and it was applied to doing everything as labor shortages forced innovation to meet rising defense challenges. And it was the industrial econom

But we re no longer an industrial economy. Just as the agrarian economy vanished, so too is the manufacturing economy. Manufacturing jobs have been declining since 1970, and by 2010 they represent only 13% of workers and 15% of the country s GDP (Gross Domestic Product).

By 2000 we had started the shift from an industrial to an information economy. Digital bits replaced machines as the source of wealth creation. By 2010 it was services, and the huge growth in digital services, that caused the jobs recovery. Services now represent 84% of all jobs, and 82% of the economy. (Economic statistics from FTPress division of Pearson Publishing.)

Today the 3 most valuable companies in America are Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT). Number 6 is Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB). Their value (and in the case of Apple, Google and Facebook rather rapid value explosion) has been due to understanding how to maximize the value of information. They don t so much  make things  as they make life better through products which are purely ethereal   rather than something tangible.

Today s #1 valued retailer is Amazon, now worth more than Wal-mart. Amazon is largely a technology company, building its revenues by knowing more about the customer and what she wants, then matching that with the right products. All in a virtual shopping arena. No stores, salespeople and often no inventory needed. Its technology skills became so good the company has become the #1 provider of cloud services.

Tesla has done something everyone thought impossible. It has created a new auto company where many others failed (recall the DeLorean used in  Back to the Future ? Or the Bricklin?) But Tesla did this by building an entirely different car, one that is based on all new electric technology, that has far fewer moving parts, needs far less service, has better operating performance and actually bears little resemblance to the autos   or auto companies   of the past. Tesla is far more a technology company, designed for the information era, than what we would think of as a  car company. 

The ramifications of this are dramatic. Working class middle age white people are dying faster than any other demographic in America. Their death rates are up 22%, and continuing to increase precipitously. Cause: suicide, drugs and alcohol. This is the group that once found good paying jobs working machines in manufacturing. Now, untrained for the information era, they are unable to find work   even though demand for trained labor is outstripping supply.

Today s growth companies, those powering the American economic engine, are filled with intellectual assets rather than physical assets. Apple, Google and Facebook (et.al.) are creating intellectual capital, and they need employees able to add to that capital base. it is not enough for job candidates to have a college degree any longer. Today s job hunter has to be information savvy, digital savvy, tech savvy.

In the 1960s the gap widened dramatically between those in manufacturing and those in farming. By the 1970s farms were closing by the hundreds as value shifted out of agrarian production to industrial production. It was devastating to farm communities and farm families.

Today the gap is widening between those skilled in manufacturing or general knowledge and those with information-based skills. The former are seeing their dreams slip away, while the latter are making incomes at a young age that are hard to fathom. Cities like Detroit are crumbling, while San Francisco cannot supply enough housing for its workers. The shift to an information economy is fully in force, and change is accelerating. For those who make the shift much is to be gained, for those who do not there is much to lose. 
2015-06-09
Google Inc. Undercuts Apple Inc. in Mobile Payments (but Not Intentionally) Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) won't get a cut of credit card providers' transaction fees on its new mobile payment platform, Android Pay, according to a recent Wall Street Journal report. That dramatically undercuts Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Pay, which charges a transaction fee of 0.15% for credit card purchases.

Undercutting rivals with free products might sound like a textbook Google strategy, but Google actually wanted similar transaction fees as Apple. Unfortunately, Visa (NYSE:V) and Mastercard (NYSE:MA) recently adopted a "tokenization" card security system which prevents payment services from charging fees to card providers. Apple secured its three-year deal for Apple Pay's fees before that system was in place.

Since Google was late to the party, it now has to use Android Pay as an ecosystem play rather than a revenue one. But now that Google has the cheaper system, could it also gain ground against Apple in the mobile payments market?

Google's payments strategy

Back in 2011, Google introduced Google Wallet, a PayPal-like service for storing debit cards, credit cards, loyalty cards, and gift cards.

Unfortunately, the U.S.-only service faced fierce resistance from Softcard, a competing platform backed by AT&T, Verizon, and T-Mobile U.S. Those carriers blocked Wallet on most of their handsets and crippled the fledgling service. Google eventually circumvented that block with Android 4.4 in late 2013, then acquired Softcard earlier this year to integrate its technology with Android Pay.

Yet that only solved the problems of hardware compatibility and carrier backing. Another major issue was privacy. When Google asked banks to support Wallet, it requested that data on purchases and other personal information be sent back to Google for targeted ads. Citi agreed to Google's terms, but many other banks refused to mine customer data for Google.

Enter Android Pay and Samsung Pay

Google recently introduced Android Pay, which confused many people by overlapping Google Wallet's features. Both platforms have a "tap to pay" feature for NFC, and both are linked to credit and loyalty cards. But whereas Wallet required a PIN code to use the NFC feature, Android Pay simply requires a phone to be unlocked. To address security issues, Android M will add native support for fingerprint scans. Meanwhile, Wallet will stick around as a peer-to-peer and online payments system for websites.

However, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) is getting ready to launch its own payments platform, Samsung Pay, on its Android devices. Samsung Pay reportedly won't charge transaction fees within South Korea, but it's unclear if it will do the same in other markets.

Samsung Pay represents a much bigger threat to Android Pay than Apple Pay, since Samsung handsets account for nearly a third of all Android devices worldwide, according to IDC. Samsung Pay will work at over 30 million retail locations, thanks to its acquisition of mobile payments start-up LoopPay, compared to 700,000 locations for Android Pay.

Apple's payments strategy

Compared to Google's clunky strategy for mobile payments, Apple's strategy is more streamlined. Apple focuses on three key facts: it controls over 40% of the U.S. smartphone market, its new devices have fingerprint scanners, and that it doesn't plan to use Apple Pay to mine data.

As a result, 2,500 banks agreed to Apple's terms for transaction fees, and 700,000 retail locations now accept Apple Pay. Google might think that banks could drop their transaction fee deal after it expires, but if Apple Pay catches on, Apple simply needs to highlight those three facts again to secure a renewal.

Apple also has its own digital wallet app, known as Passbook. Like Google Wallet, Passbook stores digital versions of credit and loyalty cards. Apple recently announced that it would integrate Passbook's saved cards into Apple Pay, and that it would rebrand the main Passbook app as Wallet.

An unproven market

All these tech giants are scrambling to offer mobile payments solutions, but the market is a still an unproven one.

Apple recently told Reuters that "about half" of the top 100 merchants will accept Apple Pay by the end of the year. However, Reuters surveyed 98 of the largest brick-and-mortar retailers in the U.S., and found that only 4% planned to add support by the end of the year. Another survey from InfoScout in March found that 85% of iPhone 6 owners haven't even touched Apple Pay. It's unclear exactly how much revenue Apple Pay will generate through transaction fees, but BGC Partners analyst Colin Gillis stated that it wouldn't "be a material revenue stream on its own anytime soon."

However, U.S. mobile payments might rise from $13 billion spent in 2012 to $90 billion by 2017, according to Forrester Research. If that forecast is accurate, services like Android Pay, Apple Pay, and Samsung Pay could eventually become new pillars of growth for these aging tech giants. The 4 Biggest Things Apple, Inc. Announced at WWDC 2015 As expected, there were no hardware announcements when Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) took to the stage on Monday to kick off its WWDC 2015. Apple has become quite good at directing its own media coverage through controlled leaks, and The New York Times shot down the idea of a new Apple TV just days before the event. Instead, the Mac maker focused exclusively on software and services, citing the familiar "people briefed on the product." Here are the four biggest things that came out of the opening keynote.

Split View on iPad (Air 2)

This is a big one. For years, users have been asking for a better way to multitask on the iPad, and Apple has finally delivered. Once upon a time, "multitasking" on iOS simply meant quickly switching between apps, but true multitasking is finally here in the form of split-screen apps, a feature that Apple calls Split View.

There is also a less powerful version called Slide Over, in which a small version of an app can be pulled over and worked with. The primary difference is that only one app is truly active at a time, whereas in Split View both apps are active and can be resized.

Split View is available only on iPad Air 2. Some will say that move is merely an attempt to sell more of the latest and greatest models. Others will argue that there are probably some technical reasons that only the Air 2 supports Split View. Both are probably true -- consider, for example, that the Air 2's A8 chip has 40% faster CPU performance and 2.5 times better graphics performance compared with the Air's A7 chip.

Apple is also introducing picture-in-picture, in which a video can be viewed while doing other tasks.

Apple Music

It's been just over a year since Apple's blockbuster (by Apple standards) acquisition of Beats. The company made it quite clear at the time that Beats Music was one of the key reasons behind the big buy. More specifically, Beats Music put a big emphasis on human curation. Apple Music is essentially an amalgamation of all of the existing services already out there -- there isn't anything truly revolutionary being offered.

Apple Music offers on-demand streaming similar to Spotify, live broadcasting radio such as Sirius XM, and a sort of social-networking platform for artists to connect with listeners. But Apple Music Connect isn't merely Ping reincarnated. Apple has since realized that it's better off leaving social networking to the pros, opting to integrate Facebook and Twitter in numerous ways. Connect focuses primarily on allowing artists to connect with followers, adopting a Twitter-esque assymetric following model. This was a feature of Ping, but Ping overreached with its ambition and also attempted to be a social network for users.

Interestingly, Apple Music will be available on Android later this year. It's eerily identical to when Apple brought iTunes to Windows in 2003, which was an explicit admission that the competing platform was simply too big to ignore altogether. Instead, Apple will attempt to use the service as a Trojan horse, trying to show Android users the light of using an Apple service with the hopes of converting them to iOS altogether.

There won't be a free ad-supported version of Apple Music. The service will cost $10 per month, or $15 per month for a family of up to six people, and it launches on June 30.

Native Apple Watch apps

It's been just six weeks since Apple Watch first started shipping, and Apple is promptly addressing one of its initial criticisms: App performance suffers because most Apple Watch apps are merely extensions of iPhone apps. Currently, the only native Watch apps are the ones that Apple makes. To address this concern, Apple plans to release watchOS 2, an update that will allow third-party developers to begin making native apps, which will dramatically improve performance. Additionally, native apps will soon have access to more of Apple Watch's hardware, such as the microphone or other sensors.

In addition to these changes, watchOS 2 will offer a feature called Time Travel -- a new way to view past and future information, such as upcoming events or weather forecasts. Lastly, developers will also soon be able to make their own "complications," the small data indicators that appear on the Apple Watch face.

Proactive Siri

Say what you will about Google (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) Now and how it's creepy and eerily omniscient, but it sure can come in handy sometimes. Google Now was officially unveiled in June 2012 to take on Siri, but with a predictive twist. Google Now scans all of your data gathered through the search giant's plethora of services and then proactively makes suggestions accordingly. Google continues to push the limits of what sacrifices consumers are willing to make when it comes to their privacy in exchange for a useful and free service.

Siri is becoming proactive in much the same way, incorporating traffic conditions to send notifications on when you need to leave to make an appointment. Siri will also scan emails for calendar events or try to recognize incoming phone numbers that aren't already in your address book, among other things. The big difference, however, is that Apple is continuing its privacy crusade and ensures that none of these proactive features compromises a user's privacy in any way.

All of these proactive features occur on the device and are not linked to other services or a user's Apple ID. In the event that a service needs to access the cloud for any reason (such as looking up traffic or using voice recognition), all information is made anonymous and assigned a random identifier. Tim Cook recently took a stab at the new Google Photos service: "You might like these so-called free services, but we don't think they're worth having your email or your search history or now even your family photos data-mined and sold off for God knows what advertising purpose. And we think someday, customers will see this for what it is." Apple to completely part ways with DPR/Skanska on Apple Campus 2 within weeks  
2015-01-26
After eating AMD & Nvidia's mobile lunch, Apple Inc could next devour their ... Feature

While rumors have long claimed that Apple has plans to replace Intel's x86 chips in Macs with its own custom ARM Application Processors, MacGPUs are among a series of potentially more valuable opportunities available to Apple's silicon design team, and could conceivably replicate Apple's history of beating AMD and Nvidia in mobile graphics processors--and Intel in mobile CPUs.



Apple's aspirations for GPU (and GPGPU)

Apple could focus its efforts on standardizing its GPUs across iOS and Macs, as opposed to standardizing on ARM as its cross platform CPU architecture

Metal to the Mac

Cross platform pollination

Not too easy but also impossible not to

Monopolies resistant to change are now fading

When the PC computing world was dominated by Intel and Microsoft, there was little potential for making any changes that might threaten the business models of either Wintel partner

Thinking outside the PC

Skating to where the GPU will be

Building upon How Intel lost the mobile chip business to Apple , a second segment examining how Apple could muscle into Qualcomm's Baseband Processor business , and a third segment How AMD and Nvidia lost the mobile GPU chip business to Apple , this article examines how AMD and Nvidia could face new competitive threats in the desktop GPU market.In parallel with the threat Apple poses to Qualcomm in Baseband Processors, there's also a second prospect for Apple that also appears to have far greater potential than ARM-based Macs: Apple could focus its efforts on standardizing its GPUs across iOS and Macs, as opposed to standardizing on ARM as its cross platform CPU architecture.Such a move could potentially eliminate AMD and Nvidia GPUs in Macs, replacing them with the same Imagination Technology PowerVR GPU architecture Apple uses in its iOS devices.Today's A8X mobile GPU (used in iPad Air 2) is certainly not in the same class as dedicated Mac GPUs from AMD and Nvidia, but that's also the case with Apple's existing A8X CPU and Intel's desktop x86 chips.Scaling up GPU processing capabilities are, however, conceptually easier than scaling CPU because simple, repetitive GPU tasks are easier to parallelize and to coordinate across multiple cores than general purpose code targeting a CPU.Apple has already completed a lot of the work to manage queues of tasks across multiple cores and multiple processors of different architectures with Grand Central Dispatch, a feature introduced for OS X Snow Leopard by Apple's former senior vice president of Software Engineering Bertrand Serlet in 2009, and subsequently included in iOS 4.A transition to PowerVR GPUs would also be easier to incrementally roll out (starting with low end Macs, for example) as opposed to the CPU replacement of Intel with ARM processors. That's because OpenGL enables existing graphics code to work across different GPUs, greatly simplifying any transition work for third party app developers; there's no need for a sophisticated Rosetta-style technology to manage the transition.By allowing developers to bypass the overhead imposed by OpenGL with its own Metal API , Apple can already coax console-class graphics from its 64-bit mobile chips. Last summer, a series of leading video game developers demonstrated their desktop 3D graphics engines running on Apple's A7, thanks to Metal.Just six months earlier, Nvidia was getting attention for hosting demonstrations of those same desktop graphics engines running on its Tegra K1 prototype, which incorporates the company's Kepler GPU design adapted from its desktop products.However, that chip was so big and inefficient it could not run within a smartphone even by the end of the year (and Nvidia has no plans to ever address the phone market with it). In contrast, with Metal Apple was showing off similar performance running on its flagship phone from the previous year).With Macs running a souped up edition of the GPU in today's A8A (or several of them in parallel), Apple could bring Metal games development to the Mac on the back of its own PowerVR GPU designs licensed from Imagination.Apple already uses Intel's integrated HD Graphics (branded as Iris and Iris Pro in higher end configurations; they are built into Intel's processor package) in its entry level Macs, and currently offers both discrete Nvidia GeForce or AMD Radeon and FirePro graphics in its Pro models.By incorporating its own PowerVR GPU silicon, Apple could initially improve upon the graphics performance of entry level Macs by leveraging Metal. Additionally, because Metal also handles OpenCL-style GPGPU (general purpose computing on the GPU), the incorporation of an iOS-style architecture could also be used to accelerate everything from encryption to iTunes transcoding and Final Cut video effects without adding significant component cost.Both iOS and OS X make heavy use of hardware accelerated graphics in their user interface to create smooth animations, translucency and other effects.Standardizing on the same graphics hardware would enable new levels of cross pollination between the two platforms. Certainly moreso than simply blending their very different user interfaces to create a hybrid "iOSX," which has become popular to predict as an inevitability even though it has little benefit for users, developer or Apple itself, and despite the fact Windows 8 is currently failing as a "one size fits all" product strategy for Microsoft.The very idea of Apple replacing x86 CPUs in Macs with its own Ax ARM Application Processors would appear to necessitate a switch to the Imagination GPU architecture anyway, making an initial GPU transition a stepping stone toward any eventual replacement of Intel on Macs.Of course, some of the same reasons Apple might not want to leave Intel's x86 also apply to Nvidia and AMD GPUs: both companies have developed state of the art technology that would certainly not be trivial (or risk free) to duplicate.It is clear, however, that Apple is intently interested in GPUs, having developed a modern computing architecture for Macs that emphasizes the GPU as a critical computing engine, not just for video game graphics but system wide user interface acceleration and GPGPU.Apple's new Mac Pro architecture (above) incorporates two GPUs and only a single Intel CPU on the three sides of its core heat sink, in clear recognition of the fact that GPU processing speed and sophistication are increasing at a faster pace than CPUs in general (and Intel's x86 in particular), and that multiple GPUs are easier to productively put to work and fully utilize compared to multiple CPUs.The same phenomenon is visible when you zoom in on Apple's modern Ax package: its GPU cores are given more dedicated surface area than the ARM CPUs, even on an A8X equipped with 3 CPU cores, as seen in the image below by Chipworks.All the speculation about Apple moving from Intel's x86 to ARM also fails to consider the potential for more radical change; why not move virtually all heavy processing on the Mac to a series of powerful GPUs and use a relatively CPU as basic task manager, rather than just replacing the CPU with another CPU architecture?When the PC computing world was dominated by Intel and Microsoft, there was little potential for making any changes that might threaten the business models of either Wintel partner. PowerPC and AMD64 were opposed by Intel, while Unix and OpenGL were opposed by Microsoft. That left little room for experimenting with anything new in either hardware or software.The two couldn't even rapidly innovate in partnership very well: Microsoft initiated its Windows NT project in the late 1980s for Intel's new i860 RISC processor, but was forced back to the x86 by Wintel market forces. Then a decade later Microsoft ported Windows to Intel's 64-bit VLIW Itanium IA-64 architecture, only to find the radical new chip flop after it failed to deliver upon its promised performance leap.In the consumer market, Microsoft attempted to create a PDA business with Windows CE, and Intel invested efforts in maintaining DEC's StrongARM team to build ARM chips for such devices. The results were underwhelming (and the entire concept was largely appropriated from Newton and Palm, rather than being really new thinking for PCs).Over the next 15 years of building the same formulaic x86 Windows boxes, Intel eventually grew frustrated with the failure of Windows even as Microsoft chafed with the mobile limitations of x86. Their solo efforts, including Microsoft's Windows RT using ARM chips and Intel's expensive experiments with Linux and Android have been neither successful nor very original thinking.We are now at a new frontier in computing that hasn't been as open to change and new ideas since IBM first crowned Intel and Microsoft coregents of its 1982 PC, a product that wedded Intel's worst chip with Microsoft's licensed version of better software to build a "personal computer" product that IBM hoped would not actually have any material impact upon its own monopoly in business machines.Apple's own meritocratic adoption of PowerPC was sidelined in 2005 by market realities, forcing it to adopt a Wintel-friendly architecture for its Macs (and for the new Apple TV in 2007). However, by 2010 Apple's volume sales of ARM-powered iPods and iPhones enabled it to introduce an entirely new architecture, based on the mobile ARM chips it had co-developed two decades earlier.When it introduced the iPad in 2010, it wasn't just a thin new form factor for computing: it was a new non-Wintel architecture. While everyone else had already been making phones and PDAs using ARM chips, there hadn't been a successful mainstream ARM computer for nearly twenty years.That same year, Apple also converted its set top box to the same ARM architecture to radically simplify Apple TV (below) and be able to offer it at a much lower price. The fact that the product already uses PowerVR graphics makes it a potential harbinger for what Apple could do in its Mac lineup, and what it will almost certainly do in other new product categories, starting with Apple Watch.Microsoft maintained dominating control over PC games, operating systems and silicon chip designs between 1995 and 2005 by promoting its own DirectX APIs for graphics rather than OpenGL. Apple fought hard to prop up support for OpenGL on Macs, but the success of iOS has delivered the most devastating blow to DirectX, similar to the impact MP3-playing iPods had on Microsoft's aspirations for pushing its proprietary Windows Media formats into every mobile chip.By scaling up Imagination GPUs on the Mac, Apple could reduce its dependance on expensive chips from Nvidia and AMD and bolster support for Metal and GPU-centric computing, potentially scaling back its dependence on Intel CPUs at the same time by pushing more and more of the computing load to its own GPUs.Apple owns a roughly 9 percent stake in Imagination and--as the IP firm's largest customer--Apple makes up about 33 percent of Imagination's revenues. That makes Apple strongly motivated to pursue an expansion of PowerVR graphics, rather than continuing to fund GPU development by AMD and Nvidia.This all happened before: How AMD and Nvidia lost the mobile GPU chip business to Apple--with help from Samsung and Google Apple Investors: A Colossal Quarter Is Not Enough (But This Is) These graphs were produced by Capital Market Labs. Learn how the company is bringing the power of living data to the world of finance.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is set to release earnings on January 27 after the bell, and it could be the most anticipated earnings release in the history of the financial markets.

Here s a quick chart of Apple s revenue (TTM) and various milestones.

Apple will likely report its largest quarterly revenues -- ever -- on the back of iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus sales. Early indications from component suppliers are very strong.

Additionally, early indications from wireless service providers are also strong; one report stated that over 50 percent of new activations in the United States during the holiday season were for the iPhone (a substantially larger number than Apple s current global market share of ~41 percent).

Estimates from China are also coming out larger than ever.

Next, let s look at a visualization. It shows just how large Apple is in the technology sector, and plots total revenue (TTM) on the x-axis and net income (TTM) on the y-axis.

Quite simply, there is Apple, and then there s everybody else.

At one point, 62 million iPhone sales was considered awfully bullish for this quarter (fiscal Q1). Some pundits started creeping in with the idea of 65 million units sold. Now the company stands at a point where 70 million iPhone sales for the quarter may be the target and that number is, without hyperbole, colossal.

Earnings estimates call for $2.59 per share ($15.2 billion), with some analysts expecting a high of $2.97 per share ($17.4 billion).

On the revenue side, estimates call for ~$67 billion, although a $74 billion +  whisper  number is out there.

One thing to remember: The mix of phones purchased matters a lot.

Margins are higher on the iPhone 6 Plus than any other iPhone (including iPhone 6) per a note from Morgan Stanley, and there is preliminary data that suggests the mix of iPhone 6 to iPhone 6 Plus sales was moving more toward the Plus model as inventory became available in December.

Let s now turn to a second visual that plots market cap on the x-axis and research & development (R&D) (TTM) on the y-axis.

Interestingly, while Apple is the largest company by a lot whether one measures by revenue, net income or market cap, it does not spend the most on R&D. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC), Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: CSCO) and International Business Machines Corp (NYSE: IBM) all spend more.

Apple has fewer products than many of those firms, and also has a more focused approach.

In the final  broad  chart, let's plot market cap on the x-axis again, but this time, put stock repurchases on the y-axis.

Yet again, it's clear: There s Apple, and then everybody else. Apple has cash and is spending nearly $100 billion of it to buy back stock over a three-year period.

Here s a look at a time series of Apple s stock buy backs. Note that there were $0 (zero) from 2007 through 2012.

Let s now focus on financial measures more myopically to Apple. The next visual plots one-year total revenue in the blue bars and one-year cash from operations growth in the red line.

Back in 2012, it experienced year-over-year 70 percent revenue growth  - just astounding. That growth has finally come back to  human levels,  but is still well above 10 percent for a firm that s already enormous.

Apple is in this incredible place where it s a behemoth, pays a fat dividend and buys back huge amounts of stock, but is still growing revenue quite significantly (those blue bars are always positive).

Let s stay with this thread and plot net income (TTM) below.

Here s something that has received little attention: Apple had larger net income in 2012 (TTM) than it does now.

Yep, earnings are smaller .

This is where it s key to look at actual net income, and NOT earnings per share (EPS). The stock buyback gluttony has reduced the number of shares outstanding by a significant amount and makes EPS look larger.

That s smoke and mirrors. The actual net income numbers are down from $41.7 billion in the year ending September 20, 2012 to $39.5 billion in the year ending September 27, 2014.

For the first three quarters of calendar (not fiscal) 2014, Apple reported net income of $8.467 billion, $7.748 billion and $10.223 billion, respectively (for Q3, Q2 and Q1). That totals to $26.44 billion with calendar Q4 still to be reported.

Using the estimates from the top of this article, that leaves Apple s net income for 2014 calendar year in a range of ($41.6 billion, $43.8 billion), compared to the all-time high realized TTM number of $41.7 billion reported for fiscal year 2012.

Yes, estimates still put Apple s net income in 2014 below those achieved in 2012.

So What?

If Apple hits consensus estimates, net income will still be below the value two years ago. If Apple blows out consensus, net income will be ~5 percent-7 percent larger than its all-time high in 2012.

So  there s got to be something else that will move the needle for this company in the future.

And, of course, Apple knows that.

The needle-mover, in some part, is supposed to be the Apple Watch. After all of the revenue, net income and margin numbers come pouring out of the earnings call, listen for news on the Watch. There's no way to actually know when it will be released, other than early 2015.

It could be Valentine s Day, it could be March, it could be summer. For investors really in search of the stock-moving news on this next earnings call from Apple, the Watch is it.

If Apple reports a blow-out quarter and finishes with an announcement that the Apple Watch will be available for sale before Q1, the stock could explode up. But, if there s no news on the Watch, or even  delayed news  on the Watch, all the iPhone sales in the world may not be enough to push the stock to all-time highs.

A colossal quarter is not enough to be bullish on Apple. But there are plenty of other headlines that could make a bull out of anyone.

Ophir Gottlieb can be found on Twitter @OphirGottlieb

Image credit: Luis Villa Del Campo, Flickr

Posted-In: Apple EarningsPreviews Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. SAP Asks Microsoft, Apple to Share Hacker-Fighting Intelligence SAP SE is trying to marshal business technology s biggest suppliers to gather hacker-fighting intelligence following a spate of security problems with open-source software.

The biggest maker of business applications has contacted companies including Microsoft Corp. and Apple Inc. about sharing information on analyses of the weaknesses in open-source code, which is generally free to run and available for the user community to improve, according to Gordon Muehl, chief technology officer for security at Walldorf, Germany-based SAP.

More cooperation among the business-software makers could help stanch security flaws found in the open-source programs, which increasingly touch online services and devices used by billions of people. A flaw called Heartbleed, discovered last spring, left hundreds of thousands of servers and routers vulnerable to attack. Another one, Shellshock, emerged in September.

 In the aftermath of Heartbleed, it s clear open source isn t totally secure,  Muehl said.  A computer program looks at the code and says,  This or that might be a problem . Those computer programs only give you a  might be,  so you need expert work to look into that. 

Muehl plans to address managers from International Business Machines Corp., Microsoft and about 20 other companies about his proposal in March. He spoke with Apple Chief Information Officer Niall O Connor about it in October.

Helping Everybody

Steve Lipner, Microsoft s software security director, said in an e-mail the company is optimistic about the SAP initiative and is reviewing a white paper Muehl s team shared. IBM representatives didn t immediately have a comment. An Apple representative in London didn t return calls seeking comment.

Muehl will present more details of the proposal at the next meeting of the Linux Foundation s Core Infrastructure Initiative, an industry effort to identify and fix open-source components whose security maintenance had languished, said Jim Zemlin, president of the San Francisco-based trade group, which supports development of the open-source operating system.

Apple pushed out an automatic security update to its Macintosh computers in late December to fix a security problem in open-source software included in the OS X operating system.

Muehl  sees a way to solve both his issue and everybody s else s,  Zemlin said.  It s not often a global software company comes to you and says,  I want to do something that helps everybody.  

Powering Internet

Open-source software, developed by programmers working for different organizations, helps power many of the Internet s most ubiquitous tools. Services from Facebook Inc. and Google Inc., and Apple s iPhone all make broad use of the software. SAP, IBM and Oracle Corp. use open-source components inside systems they sell to businesses.

In November, Microsoft released its .Net programming tools for corporate software under an open-source license, letting developers write code that can run on Windows, the Mac, and the open-source Linux operating system.

The cross-platform sharing means technology companies are interdependent on each other s inventions. SAP ships IBM s Eclipse development tools in its Hana data-analysis software, uses the OpenStack platform software for its cloud computing services, and ships other open-source components including the Apache Web server and OpenUI5 tool kit for writing Web applications.

The company, on track for 19.2 billion euros ($21.6 billion) in sales this year, is moving more of its products to the cloud, an effort that s squeezing profit margin.

Industry Struggling

Muehl s idea is to have many companies scan for problems in the open-source programs they all use, then share findings about which components are clean and which need improvements.

 We need to check the security anyhow. Why not publish that so it gets better over time?  he said.  Because we only have a limited number of experts, the whole industry is struggling. 

SAP may fold a shared database of source-code security analysis into the Core Infrastructure Initiative, Muehl said. The group, formed last year, has raised $6 million so far to triage and fix weaknesses in open-source code, according to Zemlin.

The initiative s members are a who s who of the technology industry, including Google, Facebook, Microsoft, IBM, Intel Corp., Cisco Systems Inc., and VMware Inc. Hewlett-Packard Co., Salesforce.com Inc. and Bloomberg LP, the parent company of Bloomberg News, are also members. 
2015-09-15
Is Apple, Inc.'s "3D Touch" Supplier a Buy? As expected, the headline selling feature in Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus models will be 3D Touch, the rebranded technology that integrates pressure sensitivity into the display to unlock a whole new slew of interface interactions. Seeing as how investing in Apple component suppliers is a popular investing trend these days, investors can't help wondering if Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI) is worth looking at, since the smaller analog-chip maker is reportedly the exclusive supplier of the microcontroller that drives the 3D Touch display.

Is Analog Devices a buy?

The Street has been busy tackling this very question. Last month before earnings, BlueFin Research Partners estimated that overall Force/3D Touch revenues could add up to an additional $500 million in fiscal 2016. The firm notes that Analog Devices has had some trouble finding customers willing to pay for its superior performance, but Apple fits the bill quite nicely.

Seeing as how the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus production ramp likely started a few months ago, it was no surprise when Analog then reported record revenues of $863 million in its fiscal third quarter. It was also pretty obvious where the strength was coming from as well.

Market Segment Revenue Sequential Growth Year-over-year Growth Industrial $384.2 million (2%) 10% Automotive $130.1 million (7%) 0% Consumer $206.8 million 89% 155% Communications $142.2 million (22%) (14%)

In no uncertain terms, the consumer segment stole the show. Naturally, Analog Devices has to speak vaguely when referring to Apple on the conference all, but it's pretty clear who it is. Here's CFO David Zinsner:

Well, precision technology, we're attempting to leverage that across all of our end markets and all of our customers. The specific product that is driving some of the demand for next quarter is specific to one customer, and in a lot cases, we work with those customers to customize the technology for their needs. And obviously as we do that, we don't give that to another customer to be able to utilize.

Not only were the quarter's results better than expected, but Analog Devices also issued upbeat guidance. In the coming quarter, revenue is expected in the range of $880 million to $940 million, which utterly crushed the consensus forecast of $876 million.

There's more where that came from

Following the strong results, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey boosted its rating on Analog Devices to "buy" while increasing its price target from $68 to $71. The firm believes that Apple Force/3D Touch will proliferate throughout Apple's lineup in the coming quarters, and Analog Devices will be a key beneficiary as the incremental revenue adds up.

This is an entirely reasonable conjecture, since Apple tends to introduce innovative new technologies in one major product before bringing it to the rest of the product portfolio. Usually, Apple does this with the iPhone first, but this time around it introduced Force Touch first in Apple Watch and the new MacBooks before the iPhone (Analog Devices supplies the chips in both of these devices). That being said, I fully expect the iPad to get 3D Touch next, although it'll take more time to implement the technology on such large displays.

RBC Capital also rates Analog Devices "outperform" with a $70 price target.

It seems that the Street is mostly bullish on Analog Devices as Apple ramps up Force/3D Touch. Even though Apple is contributing heavily to the near-term upside, it's also good that Analog Devices has a very large and diversified customer base. We've all seen what can happen if suppliers rely too heavily on Apple. Big Three Canadian carriers snub Apple Inc's new monthly instalment plan A week after Apple Inc. unveiled a program to allow customers of its retail stores in the United States to finance unlocked models of its two newest iPhones and upgrade annually, top executives at Canada s three largest carriers dismissed the plan in chorus, reiterating that the subsidy model they have in place works just fine.

Tim Cook s coming of age: How the Apple Inc CEO stepped out of Steve Jobs  shadow

Fast forward eight years, and it turns out Apple does want a stylus after all. It s the symbol of a new era, showing Cook s willingness to break the rules set by Apple s opinionated founder Read more

Apple s new pricing arrangement separates the cost of a handset from the price of cellular service. Based on equal payments over a 24-month period, an iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus can be leased starting at US$32 and US$37 per month, respectively, and there s no initial down payment. Service will be a separate charge.

In Canada, however, the basic storage option for each device can be purchased for $398.99 and $528.99 on a two-year contract. Carriers then recover the balance of the $899 and $1,029 retail prices during the term.

While the leasing program can help Apple sell more of its flagship product, U.S. carriers will be on the defensive because they will have to do more to retain key clients. Hence, don t expect the largest carriers in Canada, which analysts say operates within an oligopoly, to import it or ask for a similar pricing model any time soon.

 Why would we do it? We see it as cash-dilutive for us and, eventually, the industry if everybody does it,  Anthony Staffieri, chief financial officer at Rogers Communications Inc., the country s largest carrier, said Tuesday at an industry conference hosted by investment bank BMO Capital Markets in Toronto.  We don t see a lot of upside. We see it as if the market moved that way, then we d look at it reactively. 

The four U.S. carriers participating in Apple s Upgrade Program   AT&T Inc., Sprint Corp., T-Mobile US Inc. and Verizon Communications Inc.   may  lose a point of contact with subscribers,  Maher Yaghi, an analyst at Desjardins Securities, said Friday in a note to clients. This, in turn, could encourage people to discontinue their contract with their provider, called churn, and opt to finance directly with Apple.

 We re certainly not looking to lead at all on any kind of handset financing,  John Gossling, chief financial officer at Telus Corp., told the conference.  I see why a handset manufacturer might like it, especially when their product is pushing $1,000, but that doesn t mean it s something we feel compelled to do. The subsidy model has worked very well for us. 

Bell Mobility, for example, subsidizes phones between an average of $300 and $350, which sees customers paying $200 upfront, according to BCE Inc. s chief executive officer George Cope. The upfront cost of a new iPhone, however, is almost three times higher than Cope s estimated average of $200.

 What people are looking at is do you finance that $200 to make a person pay nothing upfront to drive it,  Cope said during an interview session with BMO Capital Markets telecom analyst Tim Casey.  It s not a program you re going to see. You re not going to see it from Bell. I think it s a very healthy market when people put money down to purchase the product, and if it changes, then we ll change with the market. 

In the meantime, the carriers are preparing for the Sept. 25 launch of the new iPhones, a smartphone that historically has compelled devout Apple users to renew their plan or look elsewhere to get the latest phone. Will it be the disruptor that the double cohort, the wave of three- and two-year plans expired concurrently, was supposed to be, or will it be too pricey to catalyst meaningful attrition?

The double cohort is  not nearly as disruptive as we were worried it could have been,  said Staffieri, CFO at Rogers.  Mind you, us and others have been doing a lot to inoculate our base against potential churn, but I would say that spending has been largely in check. Biggest driver is going to be the success that the (iPhone) 6s is going to have in the marketplace. 

cpellegrini@nationalpost.com 
2015-10-05
Apple Inc. Blasts Android's Security Flaws, but Is iOS Really Better? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook recently blasted Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android over its security issues and claimed that iOS was the superior choice for enterprise customers. Speaking at Boxworks, Cook declared that "no one wants to deal with a fragmented ecosystem" and that iOS has security built in "from the start."

That comparison between Android and iOS isn't new, but it isn't as clear cut as Cook suggests. Let's take a closer look at the security issues across both platforms and how they could impact both companies' reputations among enterprise customers.

Why iOS is more secure than Android

Apple's iOS is considered more secure because the company completely controls the hardware and software in a walled-garden ecosystem. This helps Apple pinpoint vulnerabilities quickly and patch them with timely over-the-air updates.

By comparison, Alphabet's Google division doesn't really "control" Android. Roughly a thousand companies make smartphones worldwide, and most of them run on various versions of Android. When a bug emerges, Google creates patches, applies them to the Android open source project code, then sends them out to OEMs. If an OEM wants to apply the patch, it must build a brand new version of Android for every single device. The OEM then must provide carrier-specific versions to every carrier worldwide. If the OEM or carrier decide that process is too exhausting, they usually don't bother updating their versions of Android at all.

That's why Android devices are exposed to so many different security threats. For example, it was recently revealed that 95% of all Android phones could be hacked by a simple multimedia text attack called Stagefright. Security firm Zimperium zLabs identified the problem back in April, but many OEMs still haven't patched their versions of Android to deal with Stagefright yet.

Don't celebrate yet, Mr. Cook

That might sound like Apple has earned bragging rights in mobile security, but Google isn't down for the count yet. With Android 5.0 Lollipop, Google teamed up with BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY) to create a more secure and enterprise-ready version of the Android OS. Google also incorporated some features from Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) mobile security platform, KNOX, into Lollipop. Enterprise users could split profiles for work and personal use in Lollipop while containerization tech applied separate security policies to personal and work data. Android 6.0 Marshmallow adds even more security features like fingerprint scanning.

Last month, Google finally rolled out its first monthly security update for Nexus device owners. While that didn't really solve the problem with complacent OEMs and carriers, it provides enterprise customers with a dependable core group of enterprise Android devices to choose from. Samsung, the top Android OEM in the world, also extended KNOX protection beyond its flagship devices to offer enterprise customers a wider selection of phones.

Despite Android's security flaws, it's still gaining ground against iOS in terms of worldwide mobile enterprise device activations. According to Good Technology's Mobility Index report, iOS devices accounted for 64% of all activations during the second quarter, down from 72% a year earlier. During that period, Android activations rose from 26% to 32%. That divergence can likely be attributed to the higher prices of iOS devices and Lollipop's new enterprise features.

Apple isn't bulletproof, either

While Apple's walled garden ecosystem makes it easier to apply security updates, it certainly isn't bulletproof. The humiliating iCloud hack last year exposed Apple's dependence on outdated security measures. A major security flaw in iOS and OSX, which was discovered in June, could enable hackers to steal saved passwords.

In August, fake iOS apps that installed malicious software were discovered. Those apps helped hackers steal 400GB of data from an Italian company that sells surveillance tech to governments. Last month, a video demonstrating how to bypass passcode-protected lock screens on iOS 9 was widely circulated. A new piece of iOS malware known as YiSpecter recently started attacking devices in China and Taiwan.

Apple's security problems aren't surprising considering how inconsistent its software quality has become over the past few years. The Apple Maps disaster, the bug-ridden OS X Yosemite launch, the device-crippling iOS 8 launch, and ongoing iCloud problems are just some of the many software issues that have plagued the company. If Apple is struggling so much with its core software launches, it might not be able to respond to serious security threats in a timely manner.

A $25 billion business

At Boxworks, Cook stated that sales to enterprise customers generated $25 billion in the 12 months ending in June. That sounds impressive, but it's only equivalent to about 14% of Apple's 2014 revenue and 11% of its projected revenue for 2015. Apple hopes that higher sales of iOS devices to enterprise customers can revive slumping iPad sales and soften an inevitable slowdown in iPhone sales.

Cook is right to question Android's spotty security record, but Apple's growth in the enterprise market is hardly guaranteed. Apple has a more streamlined platform for security updates, but its own software and security headaches suggest that those that it could face more problems in the near future. Apple TV: The Amazon Ban Won't Hurt A Bit  Apple Inc. (AAPL): Why Carl Icahn Is So Bullish On The Stock David Zeiler: Having fallen more than 10% since late July, the Apple stock price just may be ripe for more buying, according to activist investor Carl Icahn.

 Apple, even in a bear market   it may get hurt, it may go down   but I think Apple is still ridiculously underpriced,  Icahn said in a CNBC interview Wednesday.

Icahn owns more than 53 million shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and has on several occasions urged CEO Tim Cook to enhance shareholder value by increasing the dividend and buying back shares.

But Icahn s relationship with Apple stands out as unusual for an activist investor.

For the past year, Icahn has spent more time praising Apple and making wildly optimistic predictions (he said the AAPL stock price should be $203).

Typically, activist investors agitate for changes in corporate strategy.

Icahn followed that same playbook when speaking to CNBC this week.

Why Icahn Wants to Buy Even More AAPL Stock

 They are still misunderstood by most of Wall Street.

They say it s manufacturing. It s not. It s a great ecosystem,  Icahn said.

And he admitted to being tempted by the current AAPL stock price of about $110.

 I am very seriously considering buying a lot more of it,  Icahn said.  I would be buying much more if I weren t really concerned about the market. 

Just days earlier, Icahn put out a video entitled  Danger Ahead: A Message from Carl Icahn  in which he discusses his concerns about the markets and the possibility of another financial catastrophe as bad as or even worse than the 2008 financial crisis.

It s possible Icahn is waiting for the markets to go south in a major way before scooping up more shares of companies he likes, such as Apple stock.

While it s always difficult to ferret out Icahn s real motives, with AAPL stock, he s mostly on target. Here s why 

Why Carl Icahn Is Right About the Apple Stock Price

Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald put a $200 a share target on Apple stock back in April.

 Apple has a long history of creating devices that fill needs people don t even understand they have  then turning them into industry standards,  Fitz-Gerald said. He believes the company s focus on expanding its already powerful ecosystem into new areas is the key to future growth.

 I m thinking here about things like Apple Pay, Apple-powered cars, TVs, even buildings, artificial intelligence, and form factors that haven t been invented yet but which you can bet are already on Apple s drawing board,  Fitz-Gerald said.

He thinks the company will grow both revenue and earnings by a healthy 25% to 30% a year for the next five to 10 years.

And, like Carl Icahn, Fitz-Gerald sees the pullback in the Apple stock price as a buying opportunity.

 Stocks like Apple rarely, if ever, take a break like this,  Fitz-Gerald said.  That means you ve got one whale of an opportunity on your hands, and a unique chance to buy in when everybody is running the other way. 

Written By David Zeiler From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet. And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. 
2015-06-27
New Details Of Apple Inc.'s Retail Revival Emerge As Steve Jobs' favorite musician, Bob Dylan, famously sang, "The times they are a-changin'." Today, that sentiment rings true for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) in several critical respects.

iPhone 6 shipments continue to surge, putting Apple on course to set fresh financial records by nearly every measure in its current fiscal year. Of arguably greater long-term significance, the Apple Watch marks the tech giant's first new product launch in five years, an occasion that creates entirely new opportunities and challenges for Apple and newly minted retail chief Angela Ahrendts. According to reports, Ahrendts plans to overhaul Apple's retail operations, starting with its iconic in-store layout. Recently, a number of details of Ahrendts' plans were reported. Let's review the key details.

Make room for the Apple Watch

Rumors of Apple's plans to revamp its retail operation date back several years. However, recent coverage suggests that adjusting the flow and feel of Apple's retail stores for the Apple Watch lies at the center of its coming retail renovations.

According to Apple fan site AppleInsider, the updated Apple Stores will project a more "premium feel" intended to help extend the Watch's branding as a high-end consumer good. Regarding Apple Stores as a whole, this entails decreasing the number of total products in Apple's retail locations and emphasizing only premium quality accessories rather than the wide array of complementary goods currently available for purchase.

The report also speculates that a number of layout innovations currently found at select Apple Store locations -- notably the ingenious accessory storage system currently found in New York's Upper East Side location -- will feature prominently in these less cluttered Apple Stores. Additionally, areas featuring better seating have already begun surfacing at Apple Stores across the U.S. Clearly, significant changes are coming to the entire Apple Store feel, starting as early as July by some accounts.

Beyond these storewide aesthetic shifts, the Apple Watch's upcoming place within Apple's stores has also proven an area of intense interest. With prices for the Watch Edition reaching as high as $17,000, Apple must find a way to create a coherent retail experience for Apple's suite of iDevices -- long branded as devices aimed at empowering creative individuals -- along with a smartwatch that blurs the line between high tech and high fashion.

Successfully evolving the Apple in-store experience in a way that effectively marries these two seemingly conflicting ideals will be no easy task for Ahrendts. However, she won't be working alone. As has been widely reported, Apple's chief of design, Jony Ive, has been collaborating with Ahrendts in crafting Apple's new retail vision.

Much remains unknown about how this still-emerging storyline will ultimately play out. However, this will be an early, and highly useful, test of whether Ive and Ahrendts can deliver in their new roles.

Retail revenue revival?

Within the last decade, the financial importance of Apple's Retail segment peaked in the year following the introduction of the original iPhone in 2007. In 2008, retail produced just below 20% of Apple's total sales. However, as Apple's mobile devices, especially the iPhone, have risen to prominence, the economic importance of Apple's Retail segment has gradually declined.

Although retail shrank as a percentage of Apple's total sales over the past decade, this trend owes more to the overwhelming success of other Apple products, versus acute issues with Apple's retail operations. Case in point: the Retail segment's impressive 28% average annual growth rate over the past decade is astounding in its own right. And while it lagged other reporting segments in recent years, there's reason to think Apple might be primed for a retail renaissance in the coming years.

A major contributor to Retail's declining importance within Apple's reporting structure was the emergence of the iPhone (and to a lesser extent the iPad). Unlike any other Apple product, the iPhone's distribution strategy utilized third-party and telecom companies to sell a significant portion of Apple's iPhones in addition to Apple's branded stores.

Naturally, the increase in external sales partners de-emphasized Apple's own direct retail channels. But given the lack of context interested consumers will face in deciding whether or not to purchase an Apple Watch, it follows that the Apple Store is particularly well suited to be the primary sales channel for the Watch.

It's been easy for investors to interpret Apple's retail slide as a more systemic problem than is actually the case. Hopefully, with the advent of the Apple Watch era and a retail redesign tailored to help improve the Apple shopping experience, Apple's retail operations will return to the spotlight in short order. 
2015-05-28
Why Is Apple Inc. Still Investing in Apple Maps? When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) released Apple Maps in 2012 it was riddled with inaccuracies, featured limited capabilities, and quickly became the butt of many jokes. But Apple has improved the application in the last two and a half years, and it has a pretty good mapping app on its smartphones. However, Apple's maps app efforts are about more than smartphones.

Many point to an increased rivalry with Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) as the reason Apple decided to produce Apple Maps. But for a company that makes its money primarily from hardware sales, spending hundreds of millions on one piece of software to best a rival is crazy. Even when that company has $194 billion in cash on its balance sheet.

Apple has continued to invest in mapping capabilities and most recently purchased Coherent Navigation and renewed its license with TomTom. The TomTom deal gives Apple mapping assets that provide the backbone of Apple Maps. Apple can build on top of them with its own mapping data. The Coherent Navigation acquisition will bolster Apple's navigation and mapping capabilities with its location accuracy coming within centimeters of a user's actual position. Regular GPS, in comparison, is accurate within about 3 meters to 4 meters.

Why is Apple still spending money on improving Apple Maps?

It won't sell more iPhones, but it could sell more Apple Watches

About 24.8% of all smartphone owners in the U.S. use Apple Maps, according to comScore. With a 42.6% share of the U.S. smartphone market, that suggests 58% of iPhone owners use Apple Maps despite its terrible reputation.

Why does Apple care so much as long as users can get a great experience through whichever mapping app they choose? It is selling more iPhones than ever, $100 billion worth just last year and almost $100 billion more in the first half of its current fiscal year. The improvements in Maps has nothing to do with it.

Maps aren't an integral feature of the iPhone, but the need for an accurate mapping app that is tightly integrated with iOS could be more useful in Apple's newest product. Navigation and run-tracking features are main selling points of the Apple Watch. If users aren't confident in the accuracy of Apple's mapping software, they're less likely to use those features.

The acquisition of Coherent Navigation adds hyper-accurate GPS location data to Apple's arsenal, so Apple can pinpoint its users' location within centimeters instead of meters. That's not a big deal for someone getting directions, or even driving a car, but when it comes to buzzing a user's wrist when the person is walking or running, it's important not to buzz too soon or too late.

Mapping could also be used for future products

Even further down the line, Apple is rumored to be working on a self-driving car. A device like that requires extremely accurate mapping and location data, and Apple is building an arsenal of technology. The company has vans out on the street collecting mapping data, which could eventually lead to Apple creating its own map asset instead of licensing maps from TomTom.

Investors should look for Apple to integrate mapping and location-based data more closely with the Apple Watch and new devices in the future. That might be in the form of the Apple Watch receiving a dedicated GPS chip or more functions based on users' locations. It could involve an entirely new device that relies even more on the users' location. Or it might be how its devices interact with one another based on location (think smart home). Jony Ive Was Demoted, Not Promoted, And Other Things Apple There are several implications from this explained within the article.

However, there are several signs which indicate this was not really a promotion, at least regarding his power to influence the iPhone and Apple in general.

Now, this might be controversial, but I believe Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) Jony Ive was just demoted when he was "promoted" to Chief Design Officer (CDO). I will explain why I say this.

Jony Ive's Previous Position At Apple

Formally, Jomny Ive was previously Senior Vice President of Design and saw its responsibilities expanded to include software UI design. At that point, Jony Ive controlled both the hardware and software design of the iPhone.

However, Jony Ive's position within the company has long exceeded its formal position. Steve Jobs is quoted by Walter Isaacson (in his Steve Jobs biography) as having told him that Jony Ive:

"has more operational power than anyone else at Apple except me."

This effectively made Jony Ive the second in command within Apple. Something also confirmed by Steve Jobs branding him "his spiritual partner at Apple."

How Is It A Demotion

As we've seen, formally Jony Ive was promoted, and he does retain control over the two areas which he already controlled. However:

This control is now indirect, through Richard Howarth for hardware design and Alan Dye for UI design.

In becoming a C-level executive, Jony Ive actually becomes the third most important executive, after the CEO and CFO. Third is a lower position than second.

In the article which first disclosed the promotion, by Jony Ive's friend Stephen Fry, Jony Ive said he'd be traveling more, which is not exactly consistent with a massive focus on the next product iterations, especially the next iPhone iterations. Indeed, in the past avoiding such travel was an Apple priority to concentrate on the product design. So one can say Jony Ive is distancing itself at least from concrete present product design.

Furthermore, in that same article Jony Ive is said to be concentrating more on store design work and the new HQ design work. Both are, for the most part, highly irrelevant for Apple's ultimate success - which at this point rests solely on the success of the iPhone.

The whole thing basically points to Jony Ive losing power within Apple to influence its near-term destiny. This destiny is tied to the iPhone, and Jony Ive with all the changes is likely to have much less input into such design.

On The Bright Side

Jony Ive could conceivably have more impact on the design of the future Apple car. First, the new position will free him from administrative processes and allow him to concentrate on more diverse and newer projects. This could include the Apple car. And second, there's a slight clue pointing in this direction in a recent New Yorker article titled "The Shape Of Things To Come." I quote:

He and Newson are car guys, and they feel disappointed with most modern cars; each summer, they attend the Goodwood Festival of Speed, where vintage sports cars are exhibited and raced in the South of England. "There are some shocking cars on the road," Ive said. "One person's car is another person's scenery." To his right was a silver sedan with a jutting lower lip. Ive said, quietly, "For example." As the disgraced car fell behind, I asked Ive to critique its design: "It is baffling, isn't it? It's just nothing, isn't it? It's just insipid." He declined to name the model, muttering, "I don't know, I don't want to offend." (Toyota Echo.)

This article, out on February 23, 2015, seems very relevant because it eerily predicted many of the things happening now, which is fitting for the title it carried. For instance:

Jony Ive described himself as "deeply, deeply tired." Hence consistent with a position less connected to the ongoing pressure to produce iteration after iteration of existing products.

The article quotes Laurene Powell Jobs as saying that "artists aren't to be responsible for this kind of thing" when referring to Jony Ive and the pressure for Apple to deliver to Apple shareholders - something deeply connected to the next iPhone. This could have foreshadowed Jony Ive's present "distancing" of management responsibilities and, quite possibly, the iPhone.

Jony Ive's "ownership" of the Apple Watch, though when the article was written the Apple Watch, was being publicly presented by Tim Cook.

So this move could also point toward Jony Ive having more of an involvement with the Apple car's design. And Jony Ive might even be part of the reason the Apple car project exists to begin with, though Steve Jobs was also fond of trying to build one.

The Apple Watch

Another possible reason why Jony Ive might have felt the pressure to step aside somewhat from Apple's core products might be the performance of the Apple Watch. While initial numbers seemed ok, with never-confirmed millions (2-2.5 millions) in initial orders, the recent pace of orders seems to have slowed down to a crawl.

Digitaltrends.com now puts the order pace at just 30,000 per day, which is consistent with a 11 million pace for an entire year. 11 million Apple Watches is well below the stratospheric expectations which existed when I penned my article titled "A Watch Cannot Move The Needle Much," where those expectations stood as high as 50 million units per year. Indeed at this point even the recent much-lowered expectations are being slashed, with KGI securities now estimating the market at just 15 million units sold in the first year.

This "failure" might have led Jony Ive to finally decide to step away from the need to produce winner after winner, consistently with what Laurene Powell Jobs said. Or it could have led to a level of internal power struggle which Jony Ive is probably ill-suited or uninterested to fight.

Either way, the fact is that Jony Ive's promotion is more like a demotion in terms of internal power.

Implications For Apple

Each transition of an important figure in Apple's past represents a large risk. When Steve Jobs died Apple managed to avoid losing its balance, even though he was the most important figure Apple ever had.

Now Jony Ive seems to be distancing himself from Apple's largest moneymaker, the iPhone. This, too, will present a large risk for Apple in the sense that Apple will do as the iPhone does. Apple should have a competent bench of replacements, including the two executives which will handle hardware and software UI directly, but changes are still a risk.

Apple has to win every year with every iPhone iteration. The iPhone represents two-thirds of Apple's revenues and more than four-fifths of its profits. If a single iPhone iteration fails, Apple stock cannot be spared a significant beating. Moreover, the latest iPhone (the iPhone 6) had tremendous pent-up demand for the larger display. The next 2 iPhones, the 6S and 7, will thus be facing a much harder mission.

In the iPhone 6S, the central feature, force touch, is unlikely to make any difference for consumers. A speedier SoC is likely but improvements at this point are now rather marginal. The camera also is likely to be better and to finally include an higher MP count, and this will probably take the center stage from the force touch. But it, alone, also is unlikely to move the market.

The problem repeats itself with the iPhone 7. Indeed, it will probably be even worse. The iPhone 6S can still count on a legion of iPhone 5S replacements, so will still have a measure of benefit from the larger display. The iPhone 7 won't have such luxury.

Between the Apple Watch "failure" (I say this between double quotes because this "failure" is just versus expectations, any other company would cry to have one such "failure") and the absolute need for the iPhone 6S and 7 to be winners, Jony Ive might have decided to step a bit aside. He might have decided to dedicate himself to newer, more interesting and less risky subjects. Like the Apple car.

The Apple car is distant in the future and has little likelihood (at this point) of supplanting the iPhone's importance. But for a designer, especially a car-loving designer, it must be 1,000 times more interesting.

Conclusion

Far from being a promotion, the Jony Ive ascendancy to CDO seems like an early retirement from the responsibilities of dealing directly with Apple's bread winners. It also seems like an effective loss of managerial power. But for Jony Ive personally, the change is likely for the better.

Jony Ive will probably be more involved with projects that are longer-term in nature, like the Apple car, and less involved with projects which are critical to Apple's value today - like the iPhone.

For Apple investors this is a risk. But then again, so was the departure of Steve Jobs.

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Acquires Augmented Reality Company Metaio Apple has acquired Metaio, an augmented reality startup that launched way back in 2003 as an offshoot of a project at Volkswagen. The company s site said it stopped taking new customers, and now a legal document shows Apple has bought it. The document confirms a transfer of shares of the startup to Apple on May 21st/22nd.

When asked by TechCrunch, Apple responded with its standard reply it gives as confirmation of acquistions,  Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans. 

The company began showing signs that something was clearly amiss when it canceled its user conference in San Francisco earlier this month and later took down the company s Twitter accounts. It also posted on its website a couple of days ago that it was ending purchase of products and subscriptions. Email tech support ends June 30th.

Our senior writer Josh Constine went to Metaio s San Francisco office yesterday to investigate, and a nervous employee refused to speak with him and shut the door in his face.

A source told TechCrunch that clients who use Metaio are  flipping out  after seeing the shut down message on the website and not hearing a word from the company about what s going on until now.

Metaio hadn t taken traditional Silicon Valley venture capital, but had raised some money from Atlantic Bridge and Westcott.

The company is well established. Many impressive projects have been produced using its tools including this one of with Ferrari that gives a potential buyer an AR tour of the car (as though the actual car isn t cool enough):

And this one for travelers in Berlin to see what the scene they are looking at would have looked like when the Berlin Wall was up. The program uses historical footage that you can see by pointing your smartphone or tablet at a particular place.

Metaio boasts a big community of developers with a 1000 customers and 150,000 users worldwide in 30 countries. All of them are wondering what s up right now.

The acquisition could help Apple bolster its virtual reality and augmented reality efforts. Earlier this year, Apple patented a VR headset that works with iPhones. And yesterday, 9To5Mac s Mark Gurman reported that Apple is working on an augmented reality feature for its Maps app that lets you point your phone at a street to see what business are around, or a restaurant s exterior to see the menu or specials. Metaio s technology could certainly aid with that.

Many, including Facebook s Mark Zuckerberg, have called virtual reality the computing platform after mobile phones. Apple has found enormous success as a platform for desktop and mobile computing with OS X and iOS. Acquiring Metaio could help it power what comes next. GM to Offer Android, Apple Systems in Many 2016 Models By the end of the year, nearly every major automaker will begin offering Apple's CarPlay or Google's Android Auto, two systems that effectively turn a car's dashboard screen into a smartphone.

General Motors made the biggest move so far Wednesday, announcing that both systems will be available in seven 2016 Chevrolet models starting in the summer. The Apple system will appear in seven additional Chevy models. Earlier in the week, Hyundai announced the Android system in the Sonata midsize car.

Experts say the move to systems devised in Silicon Valley is an admission by the automakers that people favor the way their smartphones work over the automakers' own touch screens and voice commands, which have been prone to glitches. The in-house systems have cost the car companies millions and dinged their quality ratings.

People are familiar with smartphones and have music libraries, podcasts, social media contacts and other personal items on them, said Tim Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies, a technology research firm in San Jose, California. Automakers, he said, have realized that most drivers can't be bothered learning a whole new car-based system.

"We just want familiar. We want our content, our services that we already own on our phone. We just want the car to have the representation of that on demand," Bajarin said.

To get the systems, GM customers will have to purchase a new Chevrolet equipped with the brand's "MyLink" touch screens, which are available on many entry-level models.

Once people plug into the car's USB port, the system will convert the screen to resemble the phone. The system will then be able to play a person's music library, log on to music apps with a touch, send and receive text messages by voice, and even call up Apple or Google Maps for navigation.

The number of available apps will be limited to avoid driver distraction, GM officials said. Many can be controlled by voice commands, and video won't be supported by the car system.

To work with MyLink, Android phones must have at least the Lollipop 5.0 operating system, while Apple CarPlay requires an iPhone 5 or newer model.

GM will provide CarPlay or Android Car for no additional cost. Although this might cause some drivers to shun MyLink, GM believes that ultimately giving consumers the choice will help it sell more cars, said Saejin Park, the company's director of innovation and portfolio planning.

Mark Boyadjis, senior analyst for infotainment at IHS Automotive, said the decision doesn't necessarily mean the death of MyLink, Ford's Sync and other systems. The automakers' systems have specific information about the car that Apple or Google can't duplicate    Apple's China Footprint...In 10 Charts Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) shares are down 0.5 percent on Thursday morning, and while the market may be focused on a text message bug, there's another story brewing on Wall Street.

UBS analysts Steven Milunovich and Peter Christiansen just issued a massive note on Apple in China.

The country is the primary "driver" of growth at the tech giant, UBS said. So much so, in the firm's eyes, that it holds a 12-month Buy rating on Apple with a $150 price target.

UBS Survey: Why Apple Is Winning China

Check out 10 graphics UBS compiled in the Apple report.

Tier 1 cities make up the majority of Apple store distribution in China.

iPhone sales in China are becoming more important to the tech giant.

Premium smartphone share is growing at a time when competitors are shrinking or stagnant.

Total smartphone share is also healthy.

Market share is expanding no matter how you look at it.

The iPhone sells at multiple income levels in China.

The brand is trusted.

And users are committed.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Emerging Markets Top Stories Markets Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-07-28
3 Simple Reasons To Buy Apple Inc. After Earnings At first glance, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) third quarter report looked stellar. Revenue soared 33% annually to $49.6 billion and net income surged 39% to $10.7 billion. Both figures topped consensus estimates for $49 billion in revenue and $10.3 billion in profit. Apple's operating cash flow rose 46% annually to $15 billion, and it finished the quarter with over $200 billion in cash.

But sales of the iPhone, which rose 35% annually to 47.5 million units, fell short of the 49 million units that analysts were expecting. Apple's fourth quarter revenue guidance between $49 billion to $51 billion also barely missed the average estimate of $51.1 billion, due to the strong U.S. dollar. Investors looking for reasons to dump Apple were spooked, and the stock slipped 7% in pre-market trading on July 22 before closing down 4% for the day.

But as a longtime Apple investor, I believe that it's premature to sell this stock. Let's discuss three reasons that investors should buy, not sell, Apple stock after its earnings report.

1. Check the fundamentals

First and foremost, Apple is still a cheap stock. It currently trades at 14 times trailing earnings, versus the S&P 500's P/E of 21. That's also considerably lower than its P/E of 18.5 last November, which represented a 12-month high for the stock.

That's also lower than the average P/E of 19 for the electronic equipment industry, which includes industry peers like BlackBerry and Hewlett-Packard. Apple also trades at 14 times analysts' earnings estimates for fiscal 2015, versus the S&P 500's forward P/E 18.

Therefore, Apple's stock price might be near a historic high, but that doesn't mean the stock is trading at a premium to the market.

2. Don't overlook the iPhone's strengths

Meanwhile, Apple's 35% unit growth in iPhones is far more robust than unit growth in the third quarters of previous years. In the third quarters of 2013 and 2014, iPhone unit sales respectively climbed 20% and 13% annually.

The average selling price of the iPhone also rose $100 from the prior year quarter to $662.42 thanks to the larger form factor iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. That's more than double the global average selling price of $297 for all smartphones worldwide in 2014, according to IDC. Apple can keep charging higher prices because it brands its devices as "luxury" products -- something that rivals like Samsung can't easily do.

Thanks to that brand appeal, Apple can sell mid-range hardware at top-tier prices. That's how it claimed 92% of the world's smartphone profits during the first quarter of 2015, according to Canaccord Genuity analyst Mike Walkley, while only controlling 18% of the overall market. That appeal also helped Apple's revenue in Greater China more than double to $13.2 billion, although the region's smartphone market recently contracted.

3. Look beyond the iPhone

Many investors only check iPhone numbers when judging Apple, since 63% of its revenue came from smartphone sales last quarter. However, Apple's opportunities for diversification and growth shouldn't be overlooked.

First, Apple is expanding its digital ecosystem with Apple Music, Apple Pay, CarPlay, HealthKit, HomeKit, streaming TV, and other services. These platforms can help Apple leverage its strength in hardware to defend against Google, which has crept into iOS with apps like Google Now, Drive, Chrome, and Maps. If Apple can expand its walled garden to those other areas, its services revenue -- which generated 10% of its sales last quarter -- could rise.

Second, Apple's brand strength gives it the momentum to enter other markets. There are currently rumors about Apple developing an electric car, augmented reality glasses, a gaming console, an action camera, and other products. If Apple revolutionizes any of these markets in the way it did with smartphones or tablets, it could eventually diversify its top line away from iPhones, iPads, and Macs.

The bottom line

If Apple starts trading at a premium to the market, iPhone sales slow down significantly, and average selling prices decline, I would probably sell my shares. However, Apple's iPhone-fueled sales momentum hasn't slowed down yet, which gives CEO Tim Cook more time to shape the company's future. For now, it seems smarter to buy, not sell, when Apple stock dips. This Apple, Inc Insider Just Sold $20 Million In Shares Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock recently pulled back following the company's release of its third quarter earnings due to a slight miss on iPhone sales and soft sales guidance for the current quarter. I personally think that Apple's low valuations still make it a compelling buy at current prices, but one Apple insider has sold a lot of shares recently.

According to SEC filings, retail chief Angela Ahrendts has sold $19.5 million in Apple stock since April. Ahrendts notably sold $8.7 million in shares in three separate transactions right before the Apple Watch launch on April 24. We shouldn't jump to conclusions based on those transactions alone, but we should dig deeper and see what they actually mean for Ahrendts and Apple's investors.

Apple's highest-paid employee

When Apple initially hired Ahrendts, Burberry's CEO, as its retail chief in October 2013, it indicated that it wanted to reinforce its luxury appeal. Preserving that premium appeal allows Apple to sell mid-tier hardware at premium prices, which helped it gobble up 92% of the world's smartphone profits during the first quarter with an 18% market share, according to Canaccord Genuity analyst Mike Walkley.

With estimated earnings of $82.6 million last year, Ahrendts became Apple's highest-paid employee and the highest-paid woman in America. About $70 million of that package consisted of stock awards, with $37 million listed as compensation for the stock bonuses she gave up at Burberry. In that context, selling $20 million in shares within a few months might not be such a huge deal.

Grading Ahrendts' performance

But investors might question whether or not Ahrendts deserves that massive paycheck. Her predecessor, John Browett, failed to fill the big shoes of Ron Johnson -- who pioneered the concepts of Apple Stores and the Genius Bar -- and was fired after just six months on the job. Browett tried to slim down Apple's retail stores by reducing employees and cutting costs, even as executives warned him that doing so could cause a customer service disaster during high-traffic product launches.

Ahrendts is taking a different approach. Instead of shrinking Apple Stores down, she expanded Johnson's retail foundations and added pre-launch showcases for the Apple Watch in stores. Customers had to schedule "fittings", and customers who wanted to buy the gold versions of the watch were led to a private VIP room. One could argue that it was a pretentious strategy from Burberry's playbook for VIP customers, but it strengthened Apple's credibility as a luxury brand.

Ahrendts also sends out weekly video updates to all retail employees via an internal app. That personal touch has drawn positive comparisons to Ron Johnson, according to a survey of Apple employees by Business Insider. Ahrendts is also expanding Apple's online retail experience with an initiative known as "Customer at the Center", which encourages customers to order devices online instead of lining up at brick-and-mortar stores, which have more limited supplies.

Don't judge Ahrendts on the Apple Watch alone

The Apple Watch launch was Ahrendts' first big test as retail chief, but the device hasn't been selling as well as some analysts had hoped. Pacific Crest analyst Andy Hargreaves, for example, recently cut his 2015 sales forecast from 11 million to 10.5 million units, and his 2016 forecast from 24 million to 21 million units.

Some investors might link Ahrendts' recent stock sales with that "soft" launch, but they should remember two things. First, the Apple Watch was never intended to be the next iPhone or iPad. Second, Apple Watches claimed 75.5% of the global smartwatch market in the second quarter, according to research firm Strategy Analytics, with estimated sales of 4 million devices. Claiming three-quarters of the fledgling smartwatch market within three months certainly doesn't sound like a failure to me.

It's also unfair to judge Ahrendts based on the launch of a single device like the Apple Watch. Instead, we should see how she handles the retail launches of the updated iPhones, iPads, and Macs later this year.

A final thought

In my opinion, investors should keep an eye on Apple's insider sales, but they shouldn't buy or sell shares based on those numbers alone. Angela Ahrendts certainly sold a lot of stock lately, but it's arguably reasonable compared to her overall pay package. Insiders also have plenty of personal reasons to sell, which aren't revealed in SEC filings.

Between fiscal 2006 and 2013, Burberry's annual sales growth rose from the low single-digits to the high teens. That growth was widely credited to Ahrendts' strategy of introducing new lines for younger shoppers while protecting the premium appeal of its classic check pattern. If Ahrendts can apply the same strategy to Apple's retail operations and keep its top devices fresh in both online and brick-and-mortar settings, then she certainly deserves to sell her shares whenever she wants. Google Inc's (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Google Play Store vs Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL ... I hear one thing as I walk to work every day that stops my train-of-thought for a second and sets me on an internal debate. I work at the library on campus, and I often hear the tour guides stopping their tour group just outside as I m getting into work. The one line never fails, and I feel like I can almost talk along at this point.  Some people ask between a Mac laptop and a regular laptop, and I say that choice is mostly up to preference -  I never need to hear the rest.

There has always existed a segregation of applications and software between Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)-created hardware and non-Apple created hardware. One difference that s become more evident over time is the demographic that each type of hardware might be specifically aimed at. A specific case I m immediately thinking of is GarageBand   our institution orders Macintosh computers for a specific educational purpose, in a computer lab nevertheless, so the inclusion of a music-making software has always piqued my curiosity.

For the purposes of this article, I looked through four pieces of information to try and draw any logical, interesting conclusions that might show differences between the two app markets. Obviously, OS-exclusive apps do exist and should always be accounted for (i.e., Fallout Shelter for iOS only  for the next few months), but understanding more about the demographics of each OS is the purpose of interpreting any information.

Referencing articles from Google, I started by searching for the most downloaded applications from each individual market. Unsurprisingly, staple apps were the result   Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger (since two apps are a necessity) and variations of games like Angry Birds and Clash of Clans (and several newcomers since I last checked into mobile gaming).

Going further, I tried to find the top lists of exclusive apps for each app market. The differences started to reveal themselves more.

Among the most exclusive downloaded apps of the iOS app market include applications that enhance or create new small, beneficial things to improve your quality-of-life. These include easy-to-use, convenient translators with functions such as allowing a conversation between two people by dividing the phone into two mirrored halves, very smart and intuitive calendar applications that allow you to balance your life and physical fitness in one sleek interface, and  art applications. Applications that allow manipulation of pictures taken with a device s camera, allow for creation of digitally-drawn pictures on digital canvases with the use of a fine-tipped stylus, and applications that allow mostly only a filter to be applied and pre-determined thumbnails to be attached to a picture.

The list for Google Inc s (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Play Store included applications that primarily altered the phone/device and the use of the device itself; things along the lines of cloud software, a few calendars that synchronized across devices and included heavy notification push-support, file explorers/network monitors, and Android-exclusive Widgets. Widgets are small functions that rest on a homescreen that are able to be interacted with and can display information that might change. These were more purpose-oriented and seemed more applicable in a professional setting.

Despite the differences, the keystone in the mobile app market is gaming. Games bring in a ludicrous amount of money on a weekly basis, and most are done through intrusive microtransactions that inhibit accomplishing tasks in the game that require time or an investment of money. Maybe time isn t money.

Both application markets are fascinating, and few applications can be found as exclusive nowadays. The similarities are there, as well   both markets house firms as big as gigantic names, down to single-man exploring developers. But again, few apps are exclusive   why not dip both hands into the pot of gold?



 Four Stocks With  Too Much  Cash: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Berkshire Hathaway Inc ... They say that money can t buy happiness. Well, that may or may not be true, but of one thing I am certain: Money buys you options.

When you re looking for stocks to buy, one thing to examine is the so-called  war chest.  See, a company with a lot of cash on hand can expand its business without having to borrow funds or dilute shareholders by issuing new equity. And importantly, they can also reward their shareholders with big dividend hikes or share repurchases. Or, they can simply sit on the cash and save it for a rainy day. And it s every bit as true for companies as it is for regular people.

But in any event, it s just about impossible to have  too much  cash on the books.

Today, we re going to look at four stocks sitting on a mountain of cash. Some have been better stewards of their cash hoards than others, but all have the options at their disposal that comes with being cash-rich.

Apple Inc.

Given the size of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s cash stash, I feel obligated to mention Apple first.

Apple s cash balance is the stuff of legend. If AAPL s cash and marketable securities were a standalone company, they would be just bigger than Walt Disney by market capitalization, and just smaller than Anheuser-Busch InBev. Even allowing for punishing tax rates on Apple s cash held offshore, Apple has enough cash in the bank to sustain its dividend at current levels for years   without earning a single dime in additional profit.

As of this week s earnings announcement, Apple had just under $203 billion in cash and securities. That s about 28% of its gargantuan market cap. And the most amazing thing is that Apple s cash hoard has continued to expand even while a disproportionate share of it gets dedicated to dividends and share repurchases.

Over the past year, Apple has raised its dividend by 11% and shrunk its shares outstanding by about 5%. And I expect plenty more to come.

Apple s earnings release had disappointing guidance for the remainder of the year and sent shares sharply lower. I d view any weakness here as a buying opportunity. While the iPhone 6 upgrade cycle was a one-off event not likely to be repeated, Apple shares are very reasonably priced, and its cash hoard gives it a wide margin of safety.

Berkshire Hathaway Inc.

Stepping away from the world of tech, we get to Warren Buffett s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.A).

Buffett is unlikely to ever  retire  from the investment business. He s a lot more likely to die in the saddle with his boots on. But Buffett has indicated that he would like to hunt one last large elephant of a company before checking out to that big stock exchange in the sky, and accordingly, Berkshire Hathaway has been stockpiling cash.

As of its most recent filings. Berkshire had about $64 billion in cash, amounting to about 18% of the company s market cap.

I have no special insight as to Mr. Buffett s last big acquisition. But I can tell you that he has become a little more flexible with how his company s cash is spent. Buffett has never paid a dividend, arguing (rightly) that it makes more sense to retain the cash for reinvestment. Considering that Buffett   arguably the world s greatest investor   is the one doing the investing, I would have to agree.

That said, Buffett did authorize a share repurchase plan in 2011, something I never thought I would see. It makes one wonder: Might a dividend really be a possibility?

Google Inc

Next up is Apple s rival in the smartphone wars, search-engine giant Google Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL)

While Apple s cash stash gets more attention for the sheer size of the dollars involved, Google s is nothing to sneeze at. As of June 30, Google had just shy of $70 billion in cash and marketable securities, which amounts to about 14% of its market cap.

Google could take a few lessons from Apple on how to reward its shareholders. Despite being an established tech company and one of the largest in the world by market cap, Google has yet to declare a dividend or commit to a share repurchase.

I want to like Google. I really do. But the company seems to have very little regard for its shareholders. The founders always had something of a stranglehold on the company via their control of supervoting B shares. But following Google s reorganization last year, which resulted in the creation of non-voting C shares, only cemented their control further.

There is a reason why Carl Icahn has focused his activism on Apple and not Google. Not even a billionaire corporate raider like Icahn can cajole an unwilling Google management to part with their cash. There aren t enough voting shares for him to buy to make a difference.

That said, Google s cash gives it options. Google is one of the few companies out there that could make a legitimate bid for Twitter, for example. And Google, despite its lack of discipline, remains one of the most profitable companies in the world. It also has what Warren Buffett would call an  unassailable moat  in its control of Internet search. Virtually every site in the world, including this one, are built with the express intent of being optimized for Google search.

Google is a fine company and a seriously cash-rich stock.

Just don t expect to see any of that cash returned to you as a dividend any time soon.

Microsoft Corporation

Rounding out cash-rich  Big Tech  companies, we come to Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT). Like Apple, Microsoft had an earnings announcement this week that was something of a disappointment. While Microsoft actually beat expectations for the quarter, the outlook ahead was nothing to write home about.

The Nokia acquisition has proven to be a disaster and resulted in a massive write-off. And Windows sales remain weak due to continued sluggishness in PC sales. With the post-XP upgrade cycle now complete and Windows 10 not yet available for sale, the next quarter probably won t be much to look forward to.

Yet the news is by no means all bad. Microsoft s transition to a cloud-based business services company is progressing faster than expected, and the company is showing an innovative streak under CEO Satya Nadella that it rarely showed under former CEO Steve Ballmer.

And Microsoft s cash position, at $97 billion, remains one of the largest in the world. It also represents a stunning 26% of Microsoft s market cap.

Like Apple, Microsoft has come to be very generous with its shareholders. Microsoft has upped its dividend at a 17.5% clip over the past five years in addition to shrinking its share count by about 0.8% over the past three years. Expect more to come.

Don t be late to the party   Click Here to see what 4500 Wall Street Analysts say about your stocks. 
2015-04-07
Think Apple, Inc. Has the Strongest Customer Loyalty? Think Again. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has long been perceived as the tech company with the most loyal following, but a recent survey from SurveyMonkey showed that the company's mobile rival, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), receives more allegiance from its customers.

That's great for Samsung, but does more customer loyalty really lead to more device sales?

The cold, hard numbers

In the fourth quarter of 2014, SurveyMonkey asked 5,000 respondents to answer questions about customer loyalty. Here's what they said:

Samsung scored higher for customer loyalty (35), compared to Apple (28).

The loyalty industry average for this survey was 19, meaning both companies came out considerably higher than their peers. For comparison, Microsoft received a score of -8.

received a score of -8. Apple still dominates customer satisfaction (something Apple CEO Tim Cook often talks about at company events). Apple scored a 41, while Samung received a score of just 25. The average is 75, so clearly both companies could do better.

It should be said that this is just one survey, and the answers are representative of all of Apple's and Samsung's products. That means a defective Samsung refrigerator or a buggy Apple TV would factor into survey respondents' answers just as much as if a customer loved his or her smartphone.

So how do we know if these loyalty numbers correlate with sales of Apple and Samsung's most important devices? In short, they don't.

Sales speak louder than surveys

While this information is interesting, clearly the most important thing to consider is actual sales of devices. If you're an Apple investor, the above loyalty stats probably don't mean much to you given the company's record-breaking iPhone sales quarter. Apple sold 74.8 million iPhones and officially became the top-selling smartphone vendor in the world.

At the same time, Samsung investors probably don't care about the company's industry-beating loyalty while its mobile devices sales have slipped over the past three quarters.

Sure, having stronger customer loyalty sounds great. But I think both companies and their investors know strong sales are much better.

Apple's advantage

Looking past the loyalty stats, Apple is enjoying Android's current identity crisis.

"Android vendors at the high end are finding it hard to differentiate and add value beyond technology and features. Furthermore, Apple's brand clout and ecosystem -- alongside the new large-screen iPhone models -- are strong alternatives," Gartner Research Director Roberta Cozza recently stated.

But Cozza didn't stop there. "We also estimate that, despite Apple's premium price tags, the iOS base replacement cycle that started in the fourth quarter of 2014 with the larger iPhones will carry on into 2015," she said.

So let's add all of this up. Samsung has better customer loyalty but lagging smartphone sales, and high-end Android devices are finding it difficult to differentiate themselves. Meanwhile, Apple has lower customer loyalty, a record-breaking iPhone sales quarter, and Gartner expects the good times to keep coming. So much for surveys. Strong Earnings To Drive April Dividend Hike At Apple  
2015-11-27
Inside the Apple Inc. A9X Chip Every year, the patent analysis and competitive intelligence company Chipworks tears down the applications processors found in Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) latest iPhones and iPads. As you might recall, Chipworks confirmed that the A9 processor inside of the iPhone 6s/6s was, indeed, manufactured by both TSMC (NYSE:TSM) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), a fact that came as a surprise to many.

Chipworks also provided chip die sizes for both the TSMC-built and the Samsung-built A9s, giving the public a glimpse into how both chip manufacturers' respective 16-nanometer and 14-nanometer chip manufacturing technologies' compared in terms of transistor density.

After contacting the folks at Chipworks, I was able to get some interesting information about the A9X chip that powers the recently launched iPad Pro as well as a die shot of the chip that I am allowed to publish for your viewing pleasure.

Without further ado, let's get to the good stuff.

Say "hi" to the A9X

Following is a die shot of the A9X, courtesy of Chipworks:

Chipworks' Dick James tells me that he sees a 12-cluster GPU, two CPU cores, and an absence of the level-three cache memory found inside the A9 chip (I'll explain why I think Apple didn't include it later in this article). I agree with his assessment. The two CPU cores can be seen in the green box, and I believe that inside of each blue box are two GPU clusters, for a total of 12 clusters.

One thing worth noting is that Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF) -- Apple's GPU IP supplier -- only lists variants of its Series 7XT graphics IP with 2, 4, 6, 8, and 16 "shading clusters." The 12-cluster design points to a semi-custom implementation by Apple of the Series 7XT, similar to what Apple did with the Series 6XT-based graphics IP in last year's A8X chip.

How big is this beast?

According to Chipworks, the chip measures in at approximately 147 square millimeters, a whopping 40% larger than the size of the TSMC-built variant of the A9 chip inside of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus. This is an absolutely huge increase in area (and by extension transistor count) from the A9, which no doubt means that this monster of a chip is far more difficult to manufacture, especially on a relatively new manufacturing technology.

Connecting the lack of cache with die size

Remember how I said that it doesn't look like the A9X features the 8 megabytes of on-die cache memory that the A9 does? Well, I think I have an explanation for that.

The A9X features a memory interface that's twice as wide as the one on the A9, allowing the chip to pass data to and from memory at twice the rate that the A9 can.

I believe that this is enabled by the fact that a chip like the A9X, which powers a relatively large device such as the iPad Pro, has both more thermal headroom than the A9 (since the iPad Pro is a larger device that can handle a more power hungry chip) and can take up a larger area footprint than a phone chip (the memory inside of the iPhone 6s/6s is stacked on-top of the A9 package; the memory in the iPad Pro sits on the logic board).

Finally, note that the A9X is already a very large chip, which means that it's probably much more difficult (and expensive) to manufacture than the A9. Adding the additional level three cache may not have brought enough of a performance improvement (particularly in light of the much wider memory interface) to justify the increased chip manufacturing costs.

The A9X is a great technical achievement

I believe that the A9X is easily the most advanced mobile system-on-a-chip available today. It has best-in-class CPU/graphics performance and it is an extremely large chip built on a bleeding-edge foundry manufacturing process.

It is little wonder that the chip performs as well as it does in the various performance tests available online, and I believe that the engineering teams at Apple should be quite proud of themselves for building and deploying a chip like the A9X in 2015.

I look forward to seeing more from Apple's chip teams in the coming years; I have a feeling that investors and customers alike will continue to be impressed. Broker Roundup: Analysts Weigh In on Apple Inc. (AAPL) and HP Inc (HPQ) Analysts are weighing in on the technology giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and newly spun-off tech giant HP Inc (NYSE:HPQ). Here s a quick roundup of recent brokerage notes on AAPL and HPQ.

Apple Inc.

In a research report released Friday, FBR Capital analyst Daniel Ives reiterated an Outperform rating on shares of Apple, with a price target of $175. Through his Black Friday Apple store checks, Ives revealed growing interest in Apple Watch sales heading into the holiday season.

Ives wrote,  While supply constraints/a choppy launch period have caused stumbles out of the gates for Cook & Co. on the Apple Watch front since April s unveiling, we have slowly seen momentum in the field over the last few months; this morning, we heard of ramping interest/sales among consumers based on our conversations at various Apple, Target, and Best Buy stores. While Watch unit sales have been roughly 6 million since launch, based on our analysis and improving consumer interest heading into the holiday season, we believe Watch sales in the December quarter should be close to the 5 million-/6 million-unit mark. 

 Taking a step back, Apple Watch is still a rounding error on overall Apple sales; however, the wearables category is an important area for Apple going forward, and Watch sales are being closely watched into the holiday season as a barometer for future growth/product areas,  the analyst concluded.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Daniel Ives has a total average return of 6.6% and a 61.3% success rate. Ives has a 0.1% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #328 out of 3646 analysts.

Out of the 50 analysts polled by TipRanks, 37 rate Apple stock a Buy, 11 rate the stock a Hold and 2 a recommend Sell. With a return potential of 26%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $148.86.

HP Inc

In a research report issued Wednesday, FBN Securities analyst Shebly Seyrafi initiated coverage on shares of HP, with a Sector Perform rating and price target of $13.50, which implies an upside of 6% from current levels.

In explaining his neutral Sector Perform rating Seyrafi stated,  Key concerns include continued strong competition in printing (especially from Japanese competitors Canon and Epson), slow-growing TAMs (CAGRs of LSD% in printing and 4% in personal systems), currency, and strong competition in the 3D printer market, a market where investors have not been rewarded recently from their investments in DDD, SSYS or VJET. 

To the company s credit, the analyst noted,  Key positives include a strong recurring revenue from supplies (about a quarter of HPQ s revenue and a larger percentage of operating profits), a very negative cash conversion cycle (CCC), large TAMs ($230B+ in printing (A4) and $340B+ in personal systems), opportunities to penetrate the copier (A3) market, the ability to penetrate the office printing market with inkjets (ink in the office) by leveraging its PageWide technology, opportunities (and challenges) in the 3D printer market (which HPQ expects to enter next year), and a stabilizing PC market due to an easier comp in F2016 (as F2015 faced a tough comp due to the end of support for Windows XP in early 2014), benefits from Windows 10 ramping (noting that Windows 10 sentiment is now 75%, 25pp higher than Windows 8), and new Intel Skylake processors helping driver better performance. 

According to TipRanks.com, analyst Shebly Seyrafi has a total average return of 1.4% and a 52.0% success rate. Seyrafi has a -26.3% average return when recommending HPQ, and is ranked #1309 out of 3646 analysts.

Most of the analysts covering HP remain on the sidelines. A total of 28 analysts currently provide ratings; 17 of them suggest a Hold, while 11 recommend a Buy rating. The 12-month consensus mean price target for the stock is $25.45, reflecting a nearly 100% upside over today s closing price. 
2015-03-20
Will Apple Inc.'s Streaming TV Efforts Move Ahead Without Comcast Corporation? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) plans to launch a streaming TV service for Apple devices with about 25 channels, including Disney's ABC, CBS, and Fox, according to The Wall Street Journal.

The service will likely cost $30 to $40 per month when it arrives this fall, and also offer "skinny" bundles with well-known channels -- such as Disney's ESPN and Fox's FX -- while shedding the smaller networks included in standard cable packages.

However, Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA), the parent company of NBCUniversal, isn't hopping aboard. The two companies were previously in talks to co-develop a streaming TV platform, but Apple reportedly believed Comcast was stalling negotiations to promote its own X1 set-top box, which combines conventional TV and Web services (such as traffic and weather) with rentals and purchases of TV shows and films.

Recent reports indicate Apple plans to launch the service without Comcast. Is this a smart move, or does Apple need NBCUniversal's channels -- which include NBC, Bravo, and USA -- to succeed?

Entering a crowded market

If Apple's streaming TV service launches this fall, it will enter a crowded market.

Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) and Amazon.com offer licensed and original shows and movies for $9 a month and $99 per year, respectively. Hulu Plus, a joint venture between Fox, ABC, and NBCUniversal, offers a similar deal for $8 a month.

Time Warner's HBO Now, which is scheduled to launch as a timed exclusive for Apple devices next month, will let users stream its movies and shows without a cable subscription for $15 a month. Sony (NYSE:SNE) also plans to enter the market with PlayStation Vue, which will have access to channels from CBS, Viacom, NBCUniversal, and Fox, but will cost $50 per month.

For customers who want live TV, there's Sling, which offers live streaming of 17 networks. CBS offers a $6 per month package for live and on-demand programs, but there's no access to NFL games. NBC plans to launch a comparable service, known as NBCU, for about $3 per month by the end of 2015.

Faced with that dizzying array of choices, Apple's streamlined selection of 25 channels looks attractive, but it costs considerably more than the competition. Yet it's competitively priced against basic cable packages, which cost an average of $55 per month, according to research firm SNL Kagan.

If Apple's streaming TV service takes off, it will boost the company's "services" revenue, which comes from iTunes, App Store, Apple Pay, and other services. Last quarter, the segment's revenue rose 9% year over year and accounted for 6.4% of Apple's top line. It will also boost sales of Apple TVs, which held a 17% share of streaming devices in U.S. households last year, according to Parks Associates.

What streaming TV means to Comcast

Comcast isn't a fan of streaming media because it's the largest cable TV and broadband provider in the U.S. Streaming services gobble up bandwidth on its broadband connections and encourage consumers to drop their cable subscriptions. Comcast relied on its cable business for 64% of its revenue in 2014.

Comcast has repeatedly tried to throttle the growth of streaming services. Last year, Comcast persuaded Netflix to pay a "toll" for faster paid peering connections. Comcast blocked access to HBO Go on select streaming devices, including the PS3, PS4, and Amazon's Fire TV. The company also lobbied unsuccessfully to kill new net neutrality laws, which now bar ISPs from selectively throttling online traffic or offering companies and customers paid "fast lanes."



Comcast's answer to the cord-cutting movement is to intertwine cable and broadband services together with its X1 set-top box, but it's unclear if it can compete against dedicated streaming devices like Apple TV, Roku, and Chromecast.

Is resistance futile?

Despite Comcast's sulking resistance, Apple would benefit from adding NBCUniversal's channels to its streaming service. According to Nielsen's weekly ratings, NBC has consistently ranked first or second in broadcast TV channels among 18- to 49-year-olds over the past year.

Yet that point might be moot soon. Due to a clause in its acquisition of NBCUniversal in 2011, Comcast could be forced to offer its content to Apple, since it agreed to offer its content to online video distributors on a "comparable" basis.

Of course, the definition of "comparable" is probably a point of contention between Apple and Comcast. However, Guggenheim Securities analyst Paul Gallant recently told investors that Apple could pressure Comcast to comply by filing a FCC complaint to force the cable giant to define "economically comparable terms."

The bottom line

Launching a streaming TV network would likely generate fresh digital revenue for Apple's services segment and increase sales of the Apple TV. But for Comcast, the network represents yet another victory for the cord-cutters who will cannibalize its cable revenue while straining bandwidth at its broadband segment. Apple buys four-building office complex in North Austin Just One More Thing...

We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your Statesman.com profile.

If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder.

Close Apple Inc. Could Crush the Over-the-Top TV Market That Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) TV update people have been waiting for may still be a while in the making, but Apple fans received even better news this week. The Wall Street Journal reports Apple is in talks with television networks to provide a TV-streaming service similar to DISH Network's (NASDAQ:DISH) Sling TV.

Several other companies have expressed interest in providing a slim bundle of channels delivered over the Internet, but Apple holds one big advantage over all of them: Apple makes its money selling hardware, not services.

Welcome to the Apple family

When Apple announced that it would be an exclusive hardware partner to HBO for the launch of HBO Now, it also announced a price cut for Apple TV, from $99 to $69. That price cut makes Apple TV less expensive than comparable set-top boxes from Roku and others, and should give a boost to sales of a device that hasn't been updated in more than two years.

While many are clamoring for an Apple TV hardware update, this price cut makes perfect sense now in light of Apple's reported plans to launch an over-the-top television service. There are two factors that differentiate set-top boxes -- price and services. Apple rarely competes on price, but with a 2-year-old hardware design, it can certainly afford to do so.

On services, Apple lags well behind the competition, but an Apple television service could add something to the package that none of its competitors can offer. As a result, Apple stands to spike sales of its Apple TV device. Despite the lower margins on the device, Apple could make up for them with sales of its (undifferentiated) services like video and music downloads.

I wouldn't expect Apple to extend its streaming service to smartphones and tablets not called iPhone or iPad. It might allow non-Safari web browsers to access the service due to its less-dominant position in PCs and the longer upgrade cycle. Still, the service seems designed to lock consumers into the Apple ecosystem with the Apple TV being the gateway.

Breaking even on services

Apple is experienced in providing a service at near break-even profit margins. For years, its iTunes segment produced an estimated profit margin in the low single digits. That only changed after Apple added software and services to the segment, which typically carry a profit margin around 50%.

A television-streaming service is no different. Apple doesn't have to make a strong profit margin on the service for it to be a success because it will spur hardware sales, just as iTunes did last decade.

That's good news, too. While there's no hard data on the profit margins of Sling TV, it's a pretty good assumption that they're relatively low. With some of the most popular channels, including ESPN and it's $6 carriage fee, the content costs are likely in the $15 per-month range for the $20 per-month service. Add on top of that sales and marketing, content delivery costs, and customer service, and the profits start to dwindle away -- especially without scale.

Apple reportedly plans to have about twice as many channels as Sling TV, and would consequently charge a price 50% to 100% higher. Apple is much more efficient with its marketing dollars and already has scale for content delivery, which will cut down its operating expense.

Still, the less reliant Apple is on turning a profit with its streaming service, the more aggressive it can be on providing value and winning a spot in the growing number of broadband-only households.

Sling TV costs $20 a month. The Wall Street Journal reported that media executives say they think Apple is looking at a price around $30 to $40 a month. Unnamed sources are cited as saying Apple is looking to launch the service in September.

A good leadoff hitter

A streaming service from Apple could help to diversify Apple away from its reliance on hitting the ball out of the park with every product release. Apple could generate a consistent and predictable revenue every month from subscriptions that would help smooth out Apple's seasonal revenue from its product-release cycle.

If Apple sees success in the United States, it might be able to extend a similar service internationally, creating a meaningful revenue stream for the company going forward. In the meantime, it would serve as a very strong incentive for consumers to make their next set-top box, smartphone, tablet, or laptop an Apple product. Myth Vs. Reality With Apple's Stock Buyback A closer look at Apple's buyback program indicates that about $80 billion of the company's buyback program from 2012-2015 is used to actually reduce the share count.

Apple announces grandiose plans like $90 billion in capital returned by the end of 2015, and it is useful to study how much money actually goes toward retiring Apple stock.

One of the hardest things with studying a company's stock buyback program is that the actual amount of retired shares is often less than the advertised rate announced by the company. There's much fanfare when companies announce a stock buyback worth billions of dollars, but what's useful for shareholders is the actual reduction in the share count that enables the investor to be entitled to more earnings per share (and the appurtenant dividends) as a result of the buyback.

The difficulty is that stock buyback evaluation is often a lagging exercise - you have to wait years for the actual share repurchases to take place before you can get a clear idea of the stock repurchase program's efficiency. In the case of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), many investors remember the tech giant's declaration in April 2014 that it was increasing its share repurchase authorization from $60 billion to $90 billion, and it expected to complete the buyback program by the end of 2015.

There are three annual periods of Apple's buyback that we should evaluate. It had never repurchased any stock prior to its 2012 announcement that it would begin a buyback program, and the relevant examination periods are the 2012-2013, 2013-2014 and the 2014-2015 years of buyback activity.

During the 2012-2013 period, Apple reduced its share count from 6.574 billion to 6.294 billion for a share count reduction of 4.25%. The company actually reduced the share count by 280 million shares, and the median price of the stock that year was $79.55. This works out to $22.27 billion spent on the stock.

When you study the 2013-2014 period, you will see that Apple reduced its share count from 6.294 billion to 5.866 billion. This reduced the share count by 6.80% over the course of the year. This period reduced the share count by 428 million. This examination period provided a clear example of why long-term investors benefit more form share buybacks at lower prices, as the median price of shares repurchased was $68.60. The company spent $29.3 billion on buybacks during this comparison period, but the increased share count reduction can be explained by the lower price of the stock just as much as it can be explained by more company funds dedicated to retiring the stock.

And then there is the 2014-2015 period. Apple's stock is expected to decline from 5.866 billion to 5.625 billion. If that happens, the share count will be reduced by a little over 4%. The average price of the repurchased stock will probably be around $120, and the share count should decline by around 241 million. This works out to $28.9 billion spent on reducing shares. Of course, the 2014-2015 period is just an estimate, and is subject to Apple's share prices over the rest of the year as well as the amount of money that Apple actually dedicates toward the stock buyback.

Still, this information is useful for those who are interested in the mechanics of Apple's actual buyback program rather than headlines that exclaim things like $90 billion in buybacks by the end of 2015. The reality is probably around $22.2 billion + $29.3 billion + $28.9 billion for $80.4 billion actually getting spent toward the direct retiring of shares rather than actions that are used to mop up additional shares to prevent dilution. Apple is retiring around 4-6% of its stock each year, and that's more useful to investors than hearing eye-popping numbers that are difficult to connect to the bottom line without examining the percentage decline in shares outstanding.

These buybacks have been useful for investors. For instance, Apple made $39.5 billion in 2014 profits compared to $41.7 billion in profits in 2012. Over those two years, Apple's profits actually declined by 5.27%. However, because Apple retired around 700 million shares of stock over that period, it was actually able to report earnings per share growth from $6.31 in 2012 to $6.45 in 2014 because the share count had been reduced by a greater rate than the profit decline.

This buyback program is important in that explains why Apple will be able to raise its dividend and grow profits per share in the coming years. When you make around $40 billion in profits per year, it's difficult to move the needle and experience high organic earnings per share growth. However, because Apple's dividend payout ratio is only 28%, it has a lot of available retained profits that it can use to reduce the share count. Because Apple is permanently retiring 4%-6% of its stock annually, investors have a built-in growth mechanism that can move the profits per share forward even through the years when it is difficult to move organic profits beyond that $40 billion mark.

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-01-29
How, and Why, Apple Overtook Microsoft A far more subdued Satya Nadella, Microsoft s chief executive, who is trying to transform the company and reduce its dependence on the Windows operating system, referred to  challenges.  Microsoft s revenue was barely one-third of Apple s, and operating income of $7.8 billion was less than a quarter of Apple s. Microsoft shares dropped over 9 percent as investors worried about its aging personal computer software market.

Photo

Robert X. Cringely, the pen name of the technology journalist Mark Stephens, told me this week that when he interviewed Microsoft s co-founder, Bill Gates, in 1998 for Vanity Fair, Mr. Gates  couldn t imagine a situation in which Apple would ever be bigger and more profitable than Microsoft. 

 He knows he can t win,  Mr. Gates said then of the Apple co-founder Steve Jobs.

But less than two decades later, Apple has won. How this happened contains some important lessons   including for Apple itself, if it wants to avoid Microsoft s fate. Apple, after all, is now as dependent on the success of one product line   the iPhone accounted for 69 percent of its revenue   as Microsoft once was with Windows.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

The most successful companies need a vision, and both Apple and Microsoft have one. But Apple s was more radical and, as it turns out, more farsighted. Microsoft foresaw a computer on every person s desk, a radical idea when IBM mainframes took up entire rooms. But Apple went a big step further: Its vision was a computer in every pocket. That computer also just happened to be a phone, the most ubiquitous consumer device in the world. Apple ended up disrupting two huge markets.

 Apple has been very visionary in creating and expanding significant new consumer electronics categories,  Mr. Sacconaghi said.  Unique, disruptive innovation is really hard to do. Doing it multiple times, as Apple has, is extremely difficult. It s the equivalent of Pixar producing one hit after another. You have to give kudos to Apple. 

Walter Isaacson, who interviewed Mr. Jobs for his biography of the Apple co-founder and chief executive, said:  Steve believed the world was going mobile, and he was right. And he believed that beauty matters. He was deeply moved by beautiful design. Objects of great functionality also had to be objects of desire. 

iPhone Domination The iPhone now accounts for so much of Apple s revenue and profits that some worry the company is too dependent on one product line. $200 billion Macintosh 150 Other iPod iPad 100 Apple revenue iPhone 50 0  06  10  14 Fiscal years ended in September 4 qtrs. through Dec.  14

Like many successful companies, Microsoft nurtured its dominant position, but at the risk of missing potentially disruptive innovations.  You have to acknowledge that Microsoft has been successful and it still is,  said Robert Cihra, a senior managing director and technology analyst at Evercore.  But clearly, they ve struggled over how to protect the Windows franchise while not having that hold them back in other areas. I think even Microsoft would agree that they ve been too concerned with protecting Windows over the years, to their detriment. 

By contrast,  Steve ingrained in the DNA of Apple not to be afraid to cannibalize itself,  Mr. Isaacson said.  When the iPod was printing money, he said that someday the people making phones will figure out they can put music on phones. We have to do that first. Now, what you re seeing is that the bigger iPhone may be hurting sales of iPads, but it was the right thing to do. 

Mr. Cihra agreed:  Apple laid waste to its iPod business. They re happier selling 74.5 million iPhones than they would be even if they still were selling that many iPods, which they wouldn t be anyway because someone else would have cannibalized them. 

Microsoft has repeatedly tried to diversify, and continues to do so under Mr. Nadella. But  it s been more of a follower whereas Apple has been more of a trendsetter, trying to reinvent an industry,  Mr. Sacconaghi said.

In belatedly buying Nokia, Microsoft is offering its own smartphone, the Windows phone, in head-to-head competition with Apple. While the device has garnered some critical praise,  I m not sure consumers need a third option  to the Android and iOS platforms, Mr. Cihra said. Microsoft s already tiny share of the smartphone market has been dropping.

Photo

Perhaps more surprising, the Apple model of integrating all aspects of the design and manufacture of a product, long abandoned by other manufacturers, has been vindicated. Microsoft was once content to stick to software, ceding processors to companies like Intel and the PCs themselves to an array of other manufacturers.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

 Microsoft seemed to have the better business model for a very long time,  Mr. Isaacson said.  But in the end, it didn t create products of ethereal beauty. Steve believed you had to control every brush stroke from beginning to end. Not because he was a control freak, but because he had a passion for perfection. 

Apple  proved that you want to own the hardware and not just the platform,  Mr. Cihra said.  With the advent of PCs, everyone gave up on that model except Apple. But if you get that model right, the upside leverage is huge. If you want an Android device, you can go anywhere. But if you want an iPhone, you have to go to Apple.

 If you can do that, you get pricing power, and the profitability is unbelievable.  Apple reported profit margins this quarter of just under 40 percent.

And then there s Apple s successful leadership transition to Mr. Cook, who took over as chief executive in 2011, shortly before Mr. Jobs died. It s not that Steve Ballmer, Bill Gates s immediate successor, and now Mr. Nadella haven t done a decent job at the helm of Microsoft. Until this week s dip, Microsoft shares were close to a record high. But Mr. Gates is still very much alive, and remains engaged with the company.

Video

Mr. Jobs  told me that Tim Cook would be an inspiring leader,  Mr. Isaacson said.  He knew Tim wouldn t wake up every morning trying to figure out what Steve Jobs would do. Steve would never have made a bigger iPhone. He didn t believe in it. But Tim did it, and it was the right thing to do. 

Some investors worry that Apple could become the prisoner of its own success. As Mr. Sacconaghi noted, 69 percent of the company s revenue and 100 percent of its revenue growth for the quarter came from the iPhone, which makes Apple highly dependent on one product line.  There s always the risk of another paradigm shift,  he said.  Who knows what that might be, but Apple is living and dying by the iPhone. It s a great franchise until it isn t. 

Apple is also running into  the challenge of large numbers,  Mr. Cihra said. With a market capitalization approaching $700 billion, the number  scares people,  he said.  How can it get much bigger? How is that possible?  Apple is already the world s largest company, by a significant margin.

Advertisement Continue reading the main story

But he noted that by many measures, Apple shares appeared to be a bargain.  The valuation is still inexpensive,  he said.  It s less than 13 times next year s earnings and less than 10 times cash flow,  both below the market average.  Those are very low multiples. They have $140 billion in cash on the balance sheet and they re generating $60 billion in cash a year. All the numbers are just enormous, which is hard for people get their heads around. 

Mr. Cihra noted that Microsoft already dominates its core businesses, leaving little room for growth. But, he said,  Apple still doesn t have massive market share in any of its core markets. Even in smartphones, its share is only in the midteens. Apple s strategy has been to carve out a small share of a massive market. It s pretty much a unique model that leaves plenty of room for growth. 

Can Apple continue to live by Mr. Jobs s disruptive creed now that the company is as successful as Microsoft once was? Mr. Cihra noted that it was one thing for Apple to cannibalize its iPod or Mac businesses, but quite another to risk its iPhone juggernaut.

 It s getting tougher for Apple,  Mr. Cihra said.  The question investors have is, what s the next iPhone? There s no obvious answer. It s almost impossible to think of anything that will create a $140 billion business out of nothing.  The Big Reason Apple Is Beating Samsung in China Samsung lost the battle of the big phones last quarter as Apple's copycat large iPhone lured buyers in the crucial Chinese market.

The South Korean company said Thursday its October-December profit sank, with an improvement in its semiconductor business insufficient to mask its mobile problems.

It was in China, the world's largest market for smartphones, where Samsung's dramatic decline was most evident. Its weakness there is a key reason why Samsung's share of global smartphone sales dropped to about one quarter last year from a one-third share in 2013.

Apple Inc. contributed to Samsung's latest reversal in fortune, launching iPhones with bigger screens that robbed Samsung's Galaxy phones of a key selling point. Samsung was already battling competition in low-end phones from upstart manufacturers such as China's Xiaomi.

Samsung is struggling in countries such as China because "they're sort of being eaten from the bottom up by regional players" including Huawei and Xiaomi, said Ben Bajaran, an analyst at Silicon Valley research firm Creative Strategies.

"And now with Apple being competitive in larger phones, you're seeing Samsung losing any edge they had at the high end," he said.

In the second quarter last year, Xiaomi overtook Samsung to become the biggest selling smartphone maker in China. Samsung now ranks third in that market, after Apple raced to the top in the fourth quarter, according to research company Canalys.

Thanks to its bigger iPhones, Apple sold a record 74.5 million iPhones last quarter, which along with high prices helped make it the world's most profitable company.

According to Strategy Analytics, Apple tied Samsung in global smartphone sales, the first time Samsung has not had a big lead since late 2011. The research firm said Apple's new iPhones were "wildly popular" in China as well as the United States and Europe. Counterpoint, another market research firm, put Apple narrowly ahead of Samsung.

Samsung, in contrast, reported its fourth straight drop in quarterly earnings. Profit sank 27 percent to 5.3 trillion won ($4.9 billion). Strategy Analytics estimated that Samsung shipped 74.5 million smartphones in the quarter, down from nearly 90 million in the previous year's quarter. Samsung has not given a precise figure but estimated it sold between 72.2 million and 75.1 million smartphones.

Until September, Apple lacked one thing that Samsung and other phone-makers had: a supersized smartphone screen. Apple's older iPhone 5 had a screen that measured 4 inches diagonally, while screens of 5 inches or larger have been the standard in Asia for more than a year. The new iPhone 6 measures 4.7 inches and the 6 Plus is 5.5 inches. And that's made a huge difference.

Meanwhile, Samsung's flagship Galaxy S5 smartphone was criticized for a cheap looking design. Samsung replaced parts of the design with metallic features in subsequent models after the criticism.

Strategy Analytics, a market research firm, said Samsung and Apple were tied each shipped 74.5 million smartphones in the final quarter, making it the first quarter since 2011

Samsung's fourth quarter profit was a moderate improvement from the previous quarter's 4.2 trillion won and higher than analysts' forecasts of 4.4 trillion won, according to financial data provider FactSet.

Sales fell 11 percent from a year earlier to 52.7 trillion won while operating profit slumped 36 percent to 5.3 trillion won, in line with Samsung's preview earlier this month.

The company's fourth-quarter net income beat forecasts mainly thanks to the solid performance of its component businesses, such as memory chips and display panels. The semiconductor division was a key cash cow generating about half of Samsung's quarterly operating income.

Samsung didn't give clear guidance of how its mobile business would perform during the current quarter. Instead, to appease investors the company announced a 40 percent increase in its annual dividends for 2014. Its share price fell 1.3 percent in Seoul.

Repeating its previous statements, the company said it will try to differentiate its smartphones with new materials and designs and will reduce the number of smartphone models to streamline its business.

Samsung has introduced the Galaxy Note Edge, the big-size smartphone with a curved side display, but it remained a niche product. Output of curved screens remains limited until a new production line goes into operation later this year.

The company is expected to unveil an update to its flagship Galaxy S smartphone in the spring.

--Associated Press 
2015-11-10
Apple Inc slashing iPhone 6S orders because of weak demand: Credit Suisse Apple has slashed orders for hardware components by up to 10 per cent, probably because of weak demand for the iPhone 6S, according to analysts at Credit Suisse.

One theory the analysts have for the lack of interest in the iPhone 6S is the disappointing number of apps that actually use Apple s new 3D Touch function, one of Apple s main bragging points for the new phone.

The analysts estimate that Apple will build fewer than 80 million units of the iPhone 6S in the fourth quarter of this year, and they have lowered their expectations for units built next year to 222 million from 242 million.

Apple shares were down nearly 4 per cent to US$116.70 on the Nasdaq on Tuesday afternoon.

But this doesn t necessarily signal long-term trouble for the iPhone business as a whole, according to Credit Suisse.

One positive factor the analysts point to is the new upgrade plans Apple has rolled out for iPhone users in the U.S. The plans let Americans pay for an iPhone in monthly installments (US$36.58 for the 64GB iPhone 6S) and upgrade to a new iPhone every year. Credit Suisse says these new installment plans will accelerate the rate at which people upgrade their iPhones, a theory backed up by its research.

The analysts also have high hopes for the general growth of the iPhone user base, which they predict will grow to 615 million, continuing the 24 per cent growth in the past year.

It has been a big year for Apple.

The company reported its fourth-quarter earnings in October, announcing that it had sold 48.05 million iPhones, representing 22 per cent growth year-over-year. Apple also had the largest annual profit of any company in history, US$53.4 billion, which beat Exxon s annual profit of US$42.8 billion in 2008. (Apple s fiscal year ended September 30.)

That record-smashing profit represents a 35 per cent growth from last year, 28 per cent growth from its previous record year, and a whopping 41 times growth from a decade ago, when the iPhone had yet to be announced.

While some analysts worry that Apple will eventually come up against  the law of large numbers,  which suggests that massive companies can t continue to deliver strong growth, Apple has defied them so far. Apple: Has Tim Cook Lost Focus? Unless the company has something much bigger up its sleeve, Apple Music represents a miscalculated and concerning loss of focus.

It's no exaggeration to say that the iPhone has changed the future of Pandora. I could take this little guy out of my pocket and choose music to suit my needs. It took us one day to make Pandora fully background aware on iPhone. Our growth rate doubled overnight. We add 30,000 new listeners a day on the iPhone.

Pandora (NYSE:P) co-founder Tim Westergren said those things on the same stage Steve Jobs owned during an April 2010 event where Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduced multitasking on the iPhone.

There aren't many very good pictures of Westergren's appearance floating around online, which is why I had to use this relatively weak one, courtesy of Engadget. But lots has changed in five-plus years.

If Westergren - or even somebody less random - appeared at an Apple event with Tim Cook today, you could have designs on dozens, if not hundreds or thousands, of high-quality snapshots via Google (owned by Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL) I think), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), Instagram or any other repository that chronicles our most messed up cultural practice of experiencing life through a smartphone screen.

While Apple might not be wholly responsible for Pandora's success, it deserves all the credit Westergren gave and, as far as I know, still gives it. And the feeling should be mutual. After all, Pandora consistently ranks as one of the top-grossing apps in Apple's App Store. As I pound out the prose on my MacBook Pro with Retina Display, circa mid-2012, Pandora occupies fifth place in that ranking, two notches behind more subscription-focused Spotify. For the record, Pandora is the 8th most popular free app in the App Store, four spots ahead of 12th-placed Spotify. (I found these details by tapping Top Charts on my iPhone's App Store app). Clearly, Pandora and Spotify both owe Apple the world, in what has long been a mutually beneficial relationship.

But now, for some reason, Apple seems to want to change - and really has changed - all of that. It's probably even fair to say that to some extent, Apple - via Apple Music - wants to crush Pandora and Spotify just as it did the artist formerly known as RIM (that's BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY)). I'm willing to suffer murder or a heart attack in the comments section of this article, but this is something I just don't get.

In a nutshell, I think Tim Cook might be misunderstanding Apple's opportunity to disrupt the streaming music landscape.

When Apple went after BlackBerry, it made all the sense in the world to attack. BlackBerry completely misunderstood the smartphone market going forward. There's no need for a lengthy explanation. If you require a refresher, read the excellent book released earlier this year, "Losing the Signal: The Untold Story Behind the Extraordinary Rise and Spectacular Fall of BlackBerry". It chronicles the divergent views of the future of mobile computing.

Jim Balsillie was wrong about the role of apps. Steve Jobs was right. Simple as that. Apple exploited BlackBerry's ineptitude, not to mention the internal strife and chaos. It turned out to be one of the most obvious and game-changing decisions in tech history.

Looking back at that crazy story tells us as much about Apple as it does about the old RIM. Apple, particularly in the Jobs era, always chose its targets wisely and at the right time.

To that end, there was probably a reason why the company was so late to the streaming music game - and really never actually went there under Jobs. It wasn't that Jobs - as I incorrectly argued in 2014 - missed the boat on streaming. It was that it was, and is, a boat Apple never should have jumped into.

From a user experience standpoint, Pandora and Spotify are both at the top of their game in a tough business. They're not failing miserably in some key practical and/or theoretical area, exposing a weakness Apple would be insane not to exploit. Quite the opposite. Pandora and Spotify actually provide Apple with a key cog of its ecosystem. Tim Cook should be investing in Pandora and Spotify, not going after them.

The miscalculation Cook is making is one I don't think Jobs ever would have made. Cook seems to be of the mind that Apple needs to be internally responsible for every aspect of its ecosystem. But unless Apple has much bigger aspirations for its foray into music, it's better off keeping its eye on hardware and leaving things like streaming music platforms up to the experts.

While Jimmy Iovine and Trent Reznor can chirp at the way Pandora and Spotify curate music, what Pandora and Spotify are doing and Apple purports to do aren't - to a listener's ears - all that different. Everyday users don't care how the app spits out music; they just want a clean and easy-to-use experience. Pandora and Spotify provide this in superior fashion. They do it so well, the user doesn't even consciously realize what's happening. That's the beauty of a product or service that becomes second nature, a daily habit you'd be lost without. Apple Music doesn't come close in this or any other similar regard.

But that aside, Apple Music should not make investors want to buy Apple stock. In fact, if you're lining up the pros and cons of an investment in AAPL, Apple Music should be a primary concern. It makes me wonder if the company has taken its eye off of the ball.

Tim Cook should ask himself what would happen if Apple removed Spotify and Pandora from the App Store tomorrow. (There would be an all-out mutiny against the company that would take off on social media, with a backlash more severe than the blowback faced as a result of all previous bonehead corporate moves combined). Then, Cook should realize that he's better off skimming off the top of Pandora and Spotify's greatness. That Pandora and Spotify probably help his company sell more iPhones than Apple Music has and likely ever will.

Control the parts of the ecosystem where Apple has exhibited great strength. That's the hardware and the all-encompassing operating systems, not ancillary areas such as streaming music. Apple has never been particularly good at putting these platforms together. iTunes never really evolved aesthetically or functionally. And even though nobody seems to want to point this out, Apple bought a failure in Beats Music, reincarnated it into another failure in iTunes Radio and is now at the plate about to look at strike three with Apple Music.

If the conclusion here is that Apple has lost/shifted focus from what it does best - and I don't know if this is the case, as I am just relaying my most intimate thoughts for your consideration - then I would think twice about buying and holding AAPL to the death. It might not be that type of investment.

All of that said, if the company has much more massive plans than we know about for Apple Music, I'm happy to back off. There's a better than 50 percent chance that Apple, knowing what a bad business straight streaming is, simply wants to use Apple Music as a gateway into something that I'll loosely define as being a record label. (Though it's probably not going to become a record label - Pandora is following a similar strategy).

As I suggested last year, Apple should start the modern version of a record label. I'm surprised it hasn't already. That's where the money is. In starting off by buying a label such as Big Machine Records and whatever else you need to acquire to "own" every aspect of the Taylor Swift franchise (for example). Now we're talking about the company entering, disrupting and potentially transforming/fixing an industry that is in desperate need of intervention. An intervention Apple provided BlackBerry, but has no business trying to lay on Pandora and Spotify. How Much Does the Apple Inc. A9 Cost to Make? A recent teardown report from IHS iSuppli estimated the cost to manufacture the Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) A9 at $22. IHS doesn't explicitly show how it arrived at this number, but I'd like to provide my own estimate for the cost of the A9 and see how it compares with the estimate from IHS.

Doing the math

The cost to manufacture a processor is essentially a function of the following variables:

Wafer cost

Die size

Yields

We want to determine how many good chips a company gets per wafer and then divide the wafer cost by that number in order to figure out the effective cost per chip.

According to semiconductor business analyst Handel Jones, a 16-nanometer wafer in the fourth quarter should cost a fabless customer around $8,400 . We know that the Apple A9 built on TSMC's (NYSE:TSM) 16-nanometer process measures in at 104.5 square millimeters.

Using a tool from Silicon Edge to estimate the number of dies per wafer, we get roughly 572 chips.

Now, not all of those chips will work to specification; some will simply be non-functional and others will work but be unable to hit the performance/power specifications required.

In a recent AnandTech article discussing the TSMC 16-nanometer-built Kirin 950 chip, an 80% yield figure was given. So, let's assume that Apple's A9 yields (when built on TSMC's 16-nanometer process) are about 80%.

This means that of the 572 chips Apple gets per wafer, 457 of them are good enough to make it into iPhones. Assuming a wafer cost to Apple of $8,400, this would imply a per-die cost of around $18.38.

Adding in packaging and test

At first, it might seem that IHS may have lowballed its estimate, but there is one more factor that goes into chip manufacturing cost: packaging and test. It's hard to get a good estimate of how much this process costs on a per-chip basis, but if we assume that it costs Apple anywhere from $3 to $5 per chip to actually do the packaging and test, we get a per-chip cost of anywhere from $22 to $24.

The IHS estimate seems to be on point

Although to arrive at an estimate we had to make a number of assumptions that may or may not hold up in reality, I believe that the estimate from IHS iSuppli is quite reasonable and representative of what it actually costs to build the A9 chip.

Some thoughts about the upcoming A10 chip

It has been reported by multiple sources that Apple's next-generation A10 processor will be manufactured in the same TSMC 16-nanometer manufacturing technology that a portion of the A9 chips currently are.

In order to deliver performance and feature improvements over the current-generation A9, I believe that Apple will need to add more transistors, increasing the die size of the A10 relative to the A9. On the surface, this may seem as though it should add non-trivial amounts of cost, but it's worth keeping in mind that 16-nanometer FinFET Plus yields should continue to improve between now and when the A10 will need to go into production.

The improved yields may serve to, at the very least partially, offset the costs associated with the increased chip area.

Another potential cost adder that Apple might face with the A10 is the use of TSMC's advanced InFO packaging. This technology promises to reduce the chip's footprint as well as bring performance and power benefits, but since it is fairly new, it may be more costly than traditional chip packaging methods.

I don't expect the A10 to be substantially more expensive to produce than the A9, but I am expecting a modest increase in production costs. The Ideal Acquisition For Apple Is Micron, Not Tesla  Quarz Capital Management Sends Letter to Apple Inc., Pushing for the Split Out ... GEORGE TOWN, Cayman Islands, Nov. 10, 2015 /PRNewswire/ -- Quarz Capital Management (QCM), an investment manager, today issued a letter urging Apple Inc. to positively reshape the investment community's perception of the company by clearly segregating the operating results of their rapidly growing and high margin Software & Services segment from the rest of their hardware business.

Through this increased transparency, QCM believes that investors will better appreciate and value the tremendous growth dynamics and rich margins of this segment, driven by Apple's growing, huge and captive installed base, addition of new product platforms and expansion into powerful new service categories. The potential increase in value of the share price resulting from such a financial segregation and reorganization has already been evident in other tech companies' moves such as Google (Alphabet), Amazon (AWS) and Microsoft (New reporting segments).

QCM views that the financial reorganization will allow this segment to be valued in line with peers, unlocking the persistent undervaluation that Apple currently trades at. QCM believes that Apple can achieve a share price in excess of $200 per share by pursuing this move in combination with the capital return program and various growth catalysts.

QCM has delivered the following letter to Apple's management team, board of directors and other stakeholders.

QUARZ CAPITAL ISSUES OPEN LETTER TO

TIM COOK, CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OF APPLE

ALL RECIPIENTS ARE ADVISED TO READ

" IMPORTANT DISCLOSURE INFORMATION "

AT THE END OF THE ATTACHED LETTER.

Quarz Capital Management, Ltd.

Clifton House 75 Fort Street

George Town I KY1-1108 I Grand Cayman

Cayman Islands

"Apple Software & Services   show us the numbers!"

Dear Tim,

We applaud you and the entire Apple Inc. (the "Company", "Apple" or "AAPL") team for another year of record profitability. It is truly remarkable that the installed base of Apple products currently exceeds 800 million and continues to expand as Apple increases its market share in all of its key geographic markets. With the launch of new products and entry into powerful new service categories, we look forward to Apple's strong sales momentum to sustain into 2016/2017.

As a long term shareholder of Apple, we could not be more supportive of your leadership and the team at Apple. We welcome the capital return program and also share your excitement that 'Apple's best years lie ahead'. However, we doubt that growth opportunities and capital return policy will be sufficient in fully unlocking the substantial discount that Apple's stock currently trades at.

We view that the key reasons for the persistent undervaluation of Apple's stock are that the investment community has a fundamentally misguided perception of Apple as purely a hardware business, and Apple management's failure in effectively addressing this issue. Most investors do not give enough credit and neglect the rapidly emerging Software & Services ("S&S") business and the compelling ecosystem that Apple has been successfully building.

The main purpose of our letter is to urge and convince you and the board that now is the time that Apple takes the decisive step to positively reshape the investment community's perception of the company by more clearly and in detail segregating the operating results[1] of the Software & Services segment, from the rest of the business.

We view the current consolidated reporting approach of the financial results as the main cause of why Apple S&S is continually valued as a hardware instead of a software business. As the majority of the cost base in the consolidated financials is from the hardware segment, it is nearly impossible to understand the financial details, such as margin development, costs and return on capital of the S&S segment. Discerning the 'health' of this segment has also been a tedious and roundabout process with analysts scouring Apple's press releases, conference calls and events to put together different and often incomplete pieces of information on the segment. Put together, it is challenging, if not impossible to accurately value this segment as a standalone entity in the current reporting structure.

The appropriate valuation of S&S will be critical to valuing Apple in its entirety. While a significant proportion of Apple's profit is still contributed by the hardware segment, we believe that Apple's next leg of growth will be increasingly led and dominated by S&S. This is driven by 1.) The massive and growing installed base of Apple device users, 2.) New product platforms and services, and most importantly, 3.) Hundreds of thousands of Apple App and Software developers globally who are pushing the boundaries of development and bringing their latest and greatest works to the Apple Ecosystem. The impressive ramp up of Apple Music, Pay, and enterprise software further affirms our bullish view that AAPL S&S is at the dawn of a multiyear growth cycle and that Apple has 'no shortage of growth opportunities' to pursue in this segment.

With the split out of the operating results of S&S from the hardware segment, we view that investors will better appreciate and value the tremendous growth dynamics and rich margins of the different S&S product lines such as iTunes, App Store, Apple Music, Apple Pay, enterprise offerings and future new service offerings. The potential increase in value of the share price resulting from a more transparent financial reporting and reorganization has already been evident in tech companies such as Google (Alphabet), Amazon (AWS) and Microsoft (New reporting segments) when they undertook similar steps to provide clearer financial information on key revenue segments to their investors.

Our evaluation of the different product lines within the S&S segment indicates a conservative valuation of $260 billion or $47 per share at a trading multiple of 35x P/E 16E. This is in line with trading valuations of similar size software and internet peers. We would argue that AAPL's S&S business deserves a much higher valuation multiple due to numerous growth catalysts and resilient revenue attributed to the captive and growing user installed base. Together with the cash value of $28 per share, and $158 per share for the hardware business at a valuation of 16.3x P/E 16E, in line with the S&P 500, we believe that Apple's share is easily worth in excess of $200, providing investors with an excellent upside potential in excess of 60% after this move.

We view that the argument for not providing greater granularity of financial information to prevent competitive harm is without merit. Firstly, there are no comparable competitors as Apple designs and produces the product platforms which these S&S are delivered over. Secondly, Apple's strategy has always been to offer unparalleled and differentiated products and services that redefine the industry instead of through price competition.

We have shared with you our strong conviction of Apple's future growth trajectory. Most importantly, we hope that we have impressed on you and the board the compelling need for Apple to clearly segregate the operating results of the Software and Services segment from the rest of its business. We believe that Apple S&S is at the onset of a multiyear structural growth cycle. By reporting S&S as 'just another segment' within the broader scope of an investor perceived 'Hardware Company' only serves to undermine the value of this business.

Splitting out the operating results of the Software & Services segment, combined with the various growth catalysts and a continued capital return program can potentially deliver an upside of 60% to Apple's share price, yielding an attractive return to long term shareholders.

Sincerely yours,

Jan F. Moermann

Chief Investment Officer, Quarz Capital Management, Ltd.

Havard Chi

Portfolio Manager, Quarz Capital Management, Ltd.

[1] Including cost items

For further information please contact:

Havard Chi (hch@quarzcapital.com, +65-9433-3898)

Jan F. Moermann (jfm@quarzcapital.com, +41-79-257-8932)

Assumptions:

Apple Hardware   We forecast revenue growth of 7.8% resulting in a total revenue of $230 billion in FY2016. Revenue growth rate of individual product lines, namely iPhone, iPad, Mac and Other Products are projected to be 5.9%, 6.0%, 5.8%, 46.1% respectively. We see Net Income for this segment to increase by 10.8% in FY2016 to $53 billion . The tremendous growth in Other Product category is driven by the full year consolidation of Apple Watch sales and the launch of Apple TV. The faster growth rate of the bottom line in FY2016 is attributed to our estimate that iPhone margins will improve in FY2016 due to the 'S' cycle. We also expect iPad margins to improve slightly due to higher iPad Pro's ASP and the continuing sale of existing iPad models.

  We forecast revenue growth of 7.8% resulting in a total revenue of in FY2016. Revenue growth rate of individual product lines, namely iPhone, iPad, Mac and Other Products are projected to be 5.9%, 6.0%, 5.8%, 46.1% respectively. We see Net Income for this segment to increase by 10.8% in FY2016 to . The tremendous growth in Other Product category is driven by the full year consolidation of Apple Watch sales and the launch of Apple TV. The faster growth rate of the bottom line in FY2016 is attributed to our estimate that iPhone margins will improve in FY2016 due to the 'S' cycle. We also expect iPad margins to improve slightly due to higher iPad Pro's ASP and the continuing sale of existing iPad models. Apple Software & Services   After modest growth of 10.2% in FY2015, we forecast strong revenue growth of 36% to $27 billion in FY2016. We expect Net Income growth to trend higher at 38.9%, yielding a Net Income contribution of $7.4 billion . App Store   We estimate this unit to comprise ~60% of S&S's sales in FY2015. With the addition of new product platforms such as Apple Watch, Apple TV, iPad Pro, and strong China sales, we forecast revenue to grow at 40% in FY2016, exceeding FY2015 growth rate of ~28%. Apple Music   Apple Music currently has 6.5 million subscribers since it was launched in End-June 2015 . We expect subscriber count to grow to an average of 12 million in FY 2016 with an ASP of $100 /year/user (including family memberships). We project revenue of $1.2 billion from Apple Music in FY2016. Apple Pay   We are bullish that Apple Pay will build its dominant market share versus other mobile payment alternatives due to critical security advantages of Apple devices. With the systematic roll out of Apple Pay in both the US and internationally, and increase in penetration rate of NFC enabled POS (Point of Sales), we project that Apple Pay will increase its share of retail transaction in the US and Europe to 2% and 0.4% respectively in FY2016. We forecast a revenue of $150 million for this unit in FY2016. iTunes Store   We estimate iTunes to comprise ~18% of S&S's sales in FY2015. We forecast negative revenue growth of 5% in FY2016 as healthy sales growth in video content is offset by lower 'pay per download' music sales.

  After modest growth of 10.2% in FY2015, we forecast strong revenue growth of 36% to in FY2016. We expect Net Income growth to trend higher at 38.9%, yielding a Net Income contribution of . Share buyback   We forecast that Apple will execute $35 billion [2] of share buyback in FY2016 at an average price of $130 per share, buying back 270 million shares.

We forecast that Apple will execute [2] of share buyback in FY2016 at an average price of per share, buying back 270 million shares. Average shares outstanding   We estimate that Apple's average diluted share count will be at 5.44 billion in FY2016 after factoring in the share buyback program.

We estimate that Apple's average diluted share count will be at 5.44 billion in FY2016 after factoring in the share buyback program. Net Cash Flow   We project that FY2016 net cash flow to be $24 billion in FY 2016 after the deduction of $12.5 billion for Capex and $35 billion for the share buyback program.

We project that FY2016 net cash flow to be in FY 2016 after the deduction of for Capex and for the share buyback program. Net Cash   We project net cash balance to be $156 billion after applying 6% to the entire cash balance to account for tax effect on international cash repatriation.

[2] Apple has a remaining amount of $56 billion (as of End-Sept 15) from its current capital return program, with $36 billion allocated for share repurchase.

About Quarz Capital Management

Quarz Capital Management (QCM) is a value-oriented and research-driven Investment Management firm. The firm positions itself as an independent investment boutique providing highly distinctive equity strategies with a core focus on technology. These competencies are distributed within key markets in Europe, US and Asia. We provide highly specialized and tailored asset management solutions and services mainly to ultra-high net worth individuals (UHNWI) and families, endowments and foundations.

Important Disclosure Information

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING THIS LETTER

THIS LETTER CONTAINS OUR CURRENT VIEWS ON THE VALUE OF APPLE INC's SECURITIES AND ACTION THAT APPLE INC's BOARD MAY TAKE TO ENHANCE THE VALUE OF ITS SECURITIES. OUR VIEWS ARE BASED ON OUR ANALYSIS OF PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION AND ASSUMPTIONS WE BELIEVE TO BE REASONABLE. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT THE INFORMATION WE CONSIDERED IS ACCURATE OR COMPLETE, NOR CAN THERE BE ANY ASSURANCE THAT OUR ASSUMPTIONS ARE CORRECT. APPLE INC's ACTUAL PERFORMANCE AND RESULTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM OUR ASSUMPTIONS AND ANALYSIS. WE HAVE NOT SOUGHT, NOR HAVE WE RECEIVED, PERMISSION FROM ANY THIRD-PARTY TO INCLUDE THEIR INFORMATION IN THIS LETTER. ANY SUCH INFORMATION SHOULD NOT BE VIEWED AS INDICATING THE SUPPORT OF SUCH THIRD PARTY FOR THE VIEWS EXPRESSED HEREIN. WE DO NOT RECOMMEND OR ADVISE, NOR DO WE INTEND TO RECOMMEND OR ADVISE, ANY PERSON TO PURCHASE OR SELL SECURITIES AND NO ONE SHOULD RELY ON THIS LETTER OR ANY ASPECT OF THIS LETTER TO PURCHASE OR SELL SECURITIES OR CONSIDER PURCHASING OR SELLING SECURITIES. ALTHOUGH WE STATE IN THIS LETTER WHAT WE BELIEVE SHOULD BE THE VALUE OF APPLE INC's SECURITIES, THIS LETTER DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE, NOR SHOULD IT BE READ, AS AN EXPRESSION OF ANY OPINION OR PREDICTION AS TO THE PRICE AT WHICH APPLE INC's SECURITIES MAY TRADE AT ANY TIME. AS NOTED, THIS LETTER EXPRESSES OUR CURRENT VIEWS ON APPLE INC. OUR VIEWS AND OUR HOLDINGS COULD CHANGE AT ANY TIME. WE MAY SELL ANY OR ALL OF OUR HOLDINGS OR INCREASE OUR HOLDINGS BY PURCHASING ADDITIONAL SECURITIES. WE MAY TAKE ANY OF THESE OR OTHER ACTIONS REGARDING APPLE, INC WITHOUT UPDATING THIS LETTER OR PROVIDING ANY NOTICE WHATSOEVER OF ANY SUCH CHANGES. INVESTORS SHOULD MAKE THEIR OWN DECISIONS REGARDING APPLE INC AND ITS PROSPECTS WITHOUT RELYING ON, OR EVEN CONSIDERING, ANY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS LETTER.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements contained in this letter are forward-looking statements including, but not limited to, statements that are predications of or indicate future events, trends, plans or objectives. Undue reliance should not be placed on such statements because, by their nature, they are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or activities and are subject to many risks and uncertainties. Due to such risks and uncertainties, actual events or results or actual performance may differ materially from those reflected or contemplated in such forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of the future tense or other forward-looking words such as "view," "believe," "convinced," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "estimate," "should," "may," "will," "objective," "project," "forecast," "management believes," "continue," "strategy," "promising," "potential," "position" or the negative of those terms or other variations of them or by comparable terminology.

Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the expectations set forth in this letter include, among other things, the factors identified under the section entitled "Risk Factors" in APPLE INC's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 26, 2015. Such forward-looking statements should therefore be constructed in light of such factors, and Quarz Capital Management is under no obligation, and expressly disclaims any intention or obligation, to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.

SOURCE Quarz Capital Management, Ltd. Analysts Weigh In on Two Stock Giants: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Priceline Group Inc ... Analysts are weighing in on the technology giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and online travel giant Priceline Group Inc (NASDAQ:PCLN), with positive ratings and views.

Apple Inc.

FBR Capital analyst Daniel Ives, one of Apple s biggest bulls, weighed in with a few predictions on Apple heading into 2016. The analyst maintained an Outperform rating on AAPL, with a price target of $175, which represents a potential upside of 45% from where the stock is currently trading.

Ives offered five predictions for the Apple story: (1) iPhone sales will top Street initial estimates for FY16 on the heels of strong 6s sales with a boost from legacy 6 upgrades; (2) streaming TV will finally be announced in C1H16, as the analyst believes this remains central to Cook s streaming plans and will open up a major  game-changing  opportunity for Apple to penetrate the consumer living room; (3) China will represent a $100 billion market opportunity for Apple on the iPhone front, remain white hot despite macro fears, and comprise its biggest geographic region by late 2017; (4) iPad Pro sales will help reverse the negative tablet trend seen over the last year, with success being found on the enterprise market and thus representing 15% of Apple s revenues (versus ~10% today); and (5) Apple s electric car endeavor, code-named Project Titan, will gain steam by continuing to hire cutting-edge auto industry experts and dedicating significant R&D and potential technology acquisitions in the next-generation auto arena down the road, making this initiative a 60% 70% possibility by 2020 based on our analysis.

The analyst concluded,  The wild card remains a potential $75 billion to $100 billion increased buyback, which could be on the horizon, in our opinion, during the course of 2016 given the mounting pile of cash in the coffer. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Daniel Ives has a total average return of 6.2% and a 58.2% success rate. Ives has a 2.4% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #453 out of 3832 analysts.

Out of the 49 analysts polled by TipRanks, 37 rate Apple stock a Buy, 10 rate the stock a Hold and 2 recommend Sell. With a return potential of 24%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $149.10.

Priceline Group Inc

In a research report released yesterday, Oppenheimer analyst Jed Kelly reiterated an Outperform rating on Priceline shares, and reduced the price target to $1545 (from $1,580), after the company released its third-quarter earnings report that failed to live up to Wall Street s high expectations.

Kelly noted,  PCLN shares traded down 9% on room-night deceleration from the Bangkok bombing and merchant booking softness. We believe one-time items contributed more to slower growth, than increasing competitive pressures, based on Booking.com s unique inventory count. In our view, slower bookings overshadow the strong fundamental trends such as stable commissions, total advertising leverage on gross profit (-50bps y/y), and aggressive buy-backs, that caused a 5% non-GAAP EPS beat. With shares at 19x our revised 2016E non-GAAP EPS, we believe current levels offer a favorable entry point for long-term investors, given our high-teens EPS growth forecast and management s commitment to returning capital through buybacks. 

According to TipRanks.com, analyst Jed Kelly has a total average return of 21% and a 80% success rate. Kelly is ranked #856 out of 3832 analysts.

Out of the 19 analysts polled by TipRanks, 13 rate Priceline stock a Buy, while 6 rate the stock a Hold. With a return potential of 9.5%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $1435.80. Better Buy Now: Apple or Alphabet? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) are among the most powerful companies of our times. The two tech titans compete against each other in key industry areas such as mobile, and they both make massive amounts of money for investors. Which one is a better buy right now: Apple or Alphabet?

Apple looks undervalued

Apple is the biggest publicly traded corporation in the world, but the stock still looks quite cheap when looking at the business fundamentals. Apple trades at a price-to-earnings ratio around 13 times earnings, a substantial discount versus the average P/E ratio for companies in the S&P 500 index (currently greater than 19).

The company delivered impressive financial performance for the third quarter, with sales growing 22% year over year to $51.5 billion and earnings per share jumping by a staggering 38% over the year-ago quarter.

However, Wall Street analysts are forecasting that sales will increase by only 3.6% in the December quarter due to maturation in the iPhone business and modest growth contribution from other segments. Management seems to agree: The company is expecting revenue in the range of $75.5 billion to $77.5 billion during the quarter, only a slight increase from $74.6 billion during the same quarter last year.

Apple stock is cheap for a reason: The consensus is that growth will slow down considerably in the coming quarters. The company has proven time and again that it can outperform expectations, but investors need to know that Apple's financial performance over the coming quarters is hard to predict at this stage.

Alphabet is a top-notch business

Alphabet is the global king in online advertising. According to estimates by eMarketer, the company owns 55% of the search ad market thanks to the popularity and ubiquity of its Google search engine. In addition, Alphabet owns many of the most valuable services and applications in the online world, including Android, Chrome, Maps, and YouTube, among several others.

Alphabet is performing really well from a financial point of view. Revenue came in at $18.7 billion last quarter, a year-over-year increase of 21% on a constant-currency basis. The business model is remarkably profitable: The company makes operating margins in the neighborhood of 25% of sales on a GAAP basis and adjusted operating margin is around 33% of revenue.

Alphabet stock is priced at above-average levels, carrying a P/E ratio greater than 30 times earnings. This does not necessarily mean that Alphabet is overvalued. A superior company merits a superior valuation, and Alphabet is a top-notch business with plenty of opportunities to profit from growing online advertising demand in the years ahead. Even at these prices, Alphabet can deliver solid gains for investors, but the stock simply is not as cheap as Apple.

Apple or Alphabet?

I really think both companies are great investments to hold for the long term. I own both Apple and Alphabet in my personal portfolio. In fact, they're the two biggest positions in my account. Still, it's important to consider the differences between the two businesses and what they offer in terms of risk versus potential reward.

Apple is priced at very attractive levels since Wall Street is expecting a big deceleration in growth over the coming quarters. If performance turns out to be better than expected on the back of sustained iPhone growth and/or growing revenue from other segments, then the stock should offer big upside potential from current levels. On the other hand, if Apple stagnates due to maturation in the smartphone industry and lackluster growth in other areas, investors in the company could get disappointing returns.

Apple is more of a hit-or-miss investment right now. Things could go really well for investors, or the stock could create a major drag on portfolio performance. It mostly depends on what kind of growth the company can deliver in the coming quarters

Alphabet, on the other hand, looks far more predictable. The company is an undisputed powerhouse in online advertising. The stock is priced at a premium versus the overall market, but it's not unreasonably valued considering the company's quality and growth prospects. There is a fairly good chance that Alphabet will continue delivering strong returns for investors over the years ahead, but I wouldn't expect explosive gains from the company in the coming months.

If you believe Apple will outperform expectations in the coming quarters, then it has superior upside potential than Alphabet at current prices. Alphabet, however, offers more predictable returns and more visibility when it comes to financial performance in the future. I do believe both companies will beat the market over the long term, but Apple provides both more uncertainty and higher potential for gains. Depending on your own investing philosophy, you may want to go with Apple, Alphabet, or -- why not? -- both. 
2015-04-12
Should Apple Inc. Launch an 8K iMac? A recent press release from the LG newsroom declared that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) "will release the iMac 8K with a super-high resolution display later this year." Such an iMac would far exceed available resolutions on other all-in-one devices, but there is a problem: Apple has not announced the device yet.

While the announcement might have been a mistake, it is likely that LG -- a major display supplier for Apple -- accidentally revealed information that was not intended for the public. That would suggest the Apple 5K iMac, which launched last year, could soon be obsolete.

Would 8K resolution be ridiculously excessive for an all-in-one PC? Or is it the inevitable next step for an industry struggling to come up with fresh ways to attract new customers?

The business of 8K devices

4K TVs and monitors, which have four times the resolution of 1080p displays, cannot yet be considered mainstream devices. 4K TVs only accounted for 20% of global TV sales last year, according to research firm DisplaySearch. Only a limited number of content providers yet offer 4K content, which limits the utility of owning such displays. That is probably why the next-generation Apple TV reportedly will not offer 4K support.

4K laptops, a niche device category intended for graphics editing and gaming, generally start at about $1,000, although lower-end systems generally cannot play 3D games at full 4K resolution. 4K tablets and smartphones are also usually restricted to niche markets. For example, Panasonic sells a massive 20-inch 4K tablet for $6,000, but it is doubtful anyone considers it to be a replacement for an iPad.

Despite the slow adoption of 4K devices, the PC and mobile industry is moving straight ahead to 8K displays. In February, the Video Electronics Standards Association, or VESA, approved a new Embedded DisplayPort standard that allows all computers and mobile devices to output 8K resolutions. VESA expects OEMs to start manufacturing 8K-compatible devices by the end of 2015. Microsoft also recently announced that Windows 10 will support 8K resolutions for displays larger than 27 inches.

A step too far?

Most industry watchers believe it will be years before 8K displays and content achieve mainstream adoption. Therefore, is there any reason for Apple to launch an 8K iMac at all?

The 5K iMac, which has a 27-inch display, costs $2,500. PC Pro, which gave the device five out of five stars in its review, claimed the 5K display makes it easier to edit photos and videos. But as devices hit 8K resolution, processing power, memory, and storage space must also be boosted to edit larger photos and videos or run 3D applications.

A nine-minute 8K video filmed at 30 fps would require about 8GB of disk space, highlighting how tough it could be to stream 8K content across the Internet. Meanwhile, even top-tier graphics cards like the NVIDIA GTX Titan X cannot run every game at 60 fps on high-detail levels at 4K. Lastly, the ability of the human eye to distinguish between 4K and 8K resolution is highly debatable.

What does this tell us about the Mac business?

Despite those challenges, there are two reasons to believe Apple could launch an 8K iMac this year.

First, Apple always leapfrogs existing designs to maintain its "futuristic" appeal. This strategy can be seen with the new MacBook, which uses a single port for charging, display, and file transfers. Second, Apple must continually update its Macs with higher resolutions, beefier components, and slimmer devices to keep consumers interested.

The Mac business matters more to Apple's future than investors might think. Last quarter, 69% of the top line came from iPhones, which means slowing sales of the smartphone line could crush the stock. Mac sales, however, rose 9% year-over-year and accounted for 9% of total revenue.

From the fourth quarter of 2013 to the same period of 2014, Apple's global market share in PCs rose from 5.8% to 7.1%, making it the fifth largest PC vendor in the world, according to IDC. Therefore, it is important for Apple to nurture the growth of its Macs with new 5K and 8K devices, since they could help diversify its top line away from iPhones and iPads. Is Samsung Group Making A Comeback Against Apple Inc? Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) recently announced that it expects its first quarter operating profit to decline 30% year over year to 5.9 trillion won ($5.4 billion). That drop is steep, but it represents an improvement from the 36% year-over-year decline it reported last quarter. Revenue is expected to fall 12% to about 47 trillion won ($43.2 billion).

Samsung will report its full first quarter earnings later this month, but those preliminary figures indicate that its bottom line declines are slowing down. Does this mean that Samsung could finally recover lost ground against Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Xiaomi, and other rivals later this year?

How Samsung could bounce back

Samsung's global market share of smartphones fell from 29% to 20% between the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2014, according to IDC. Apple nullified Samsung's big screen advantage with the iPhone 6, while lower-margin rivals like Xiaomi undercut Samsung's mid-range devices. As a result, Samsung's mobile profit plunged 64% year over year in the fourth quarter.

In the high-end market, Samsung's S5, which launched last year, was widely criticized as being too similar to the S4 from 2013. Speaking to The New York Times, BNP Paribas analyst Peter Yu also noted that if Samsung's brand was covered up, users "couldn't tell the difference between the Chinese smartphones and the Samsung smartphones."

The Galaxy S6 certainly breaks the S4/S5 mold with its sleek metal casing, while the S6 Edge stands out further with a three-sided curved screen.

That strategy might help the S6 sell more units than the S5, which failed to outsell the S4. Samsung sold 12 million S5 units during its first three months on sale in 2014, compared to 16 million S4 units in 2013. According to South Korean news outlets, Samsung has already sold 20 million S6 units in advance to carriers. Yu (the BNP Paribas analyst) expects Samsung to ship 44 million S6 devices this year, compared to 38 million S5 devices in 2014.

In the low to mid-range markets, Samsung has been criticized for launching too many devices at once. In response, it is consolidating that market with a single series, the Galaxy J, to compete more effectively against rivals like Xiaomi and Micromax.

Why Wall Street believes in Samsung

Analysts polled by Thomson Reuters expect Samsung's full-year profit to rise 6% year-over-year -- a big reversal from the annual earnings decline that they projected earlier this year. Those rosier projections are based on stronger S6 sales projections, a clearer mid-range strategy, and strong semiconductor sales.

Analysts expect Samsung's semiconductor business to return to profitability in the second half of the year. The semiconductor unit provides Samsung's new devices with its home-grown Exynos processors, which are replacing Qualcomm's Snapdragon chips. Samsung will also manufacture new chips for NVIDIA and supply Apple with A9 chips for the next iPhone.

Why Apple probably isn't worried

Forecasts for Samsung look brighter than before, but there's no reason for Apple investors to panic. The success of the S6 and S6 Edge hinges on the notion that fresh, aesthetically pleasing designs will win back users. Although some users might fall into that category, that theory doesn't address Samsung's other problem: it lacks Apple's high-end appeal.

A recent survey by the Hurun Research Institute in Shanghai found that Apple was the top brand for gifting among China's richest men and women, topping luxury brands like Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Chanel, Dior, and Hermes. Apple was the only electronics company on the list. That robust status appeal could make it tough for Samsung to win over affluent customers.

Another problem is that Samsung users can easily switch to rival Android smartphone makers because their Google Play purchases remain valid. Apple, however, "locks in" users by controlling both its hardware and software ecosystems.

The bottom line

Samsung's fate in the high-end market hinges on a single question: can high-end Android devices survive the commoditization of the Android market?

If they can, the S6 and S6 Edge could help Samsung make a comeback against Apple in the high-end market. But if not, the only solution for Samsung is to establish its own mobile operating system -- which it has struggled do with Tizen. In the low and mid-range markets, it could get stuck in a race to the bottom to preserve market share as margins crumble.

Therefore, investors should take these reports of Samsung's "turnaround" with a grain of salt. Slowing year-over-year declines are encouraging, but the success of the S6, S6 Edge, and Galaxy J series are hardly guaranteed. Are Pundits Wrong About Apple Watch Demand? After months of anticipation, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is nearly ready to release its long-awaited smartwatch. The insurmountable hype ensures that some investors will be disappointed, but there's still a question that must be asked: Are the pundits wrong?

"I think the first batch of watches will sell out just fine and will cause a positive reaction," options expert Nic Chahine told Benzinga.

"Then there will be many negative reviews of it and will likely reverse the pop. Then markets will josh for position into Apple earnings, which will be outstanding once more."

See Also: Early Apple Watch Pre-Order Estimates Are In

Thomas Carr, founder and CEO of DrStoxx.com, believes that some investors are underestimating the Apple Watch's sales potential.

"I think the pundits are wrong about demand for Apple's new watch," Carr told Benzinga. "They are underestimating the 15 [to] 21-year-old demographic that knows nothing but Apple products. ChangeWave Research shows 8 percent higher pre-launch demand for the iWatch than the 2007 launch of the iPhone.

"Why else would Apple be buying up 1/3 of the world's gold if not to meet the expected demand of one million units per month of the Apple Watch 18k-gold edition?"

'Music Is The Killer App'

Albert Fried & Company Director of Research Rich Tullo reiterated his belief that music is the killer app for Apple's first smartwatch. "Music is the killer app for that!" Tullo told Benzinga.

"People like to see their heart rate when they exercise and how many miles and all those things, and that's really wonderful. The other thing they do when they exercise is listen to music. And if you don't exercise, guess what: you're listening to music. If you're commuting, you're listening to music. It's the killer app for that device."

Tullo said he'd like to see Pandora Media Inc (NYSE: P) develop a device to show people that music is the killer app for wearables. He believes music could help Apple sell a lot of watches.

"Why people are not getting there on that is beyond me, when it's on the end of the nose of their face," Tullo added.

Related Link: Apple Watch Reviews: 10 Things We Learned From The Critics

Big Sales

Tullo said the Apple Watch will sell "a ton of units" just because it's from Apple. "Even if it's unsuccessful, they'll sell a million," he said.

The semi-negative reviews (which basically tell consumers to save their money) did not change his opinion -- none of that matters if the device "provides the user with a great experience."

He also said that consumers cannot judge it as a watch. "It's not going to be a great watch, just as the first iPhone wasn't as good as the RAZR in a lot of different ways.

"BlackBerry was a horrible phone but it was enormously popular. Why? Because it did one thing really well and it provides the user a great experience to use email. That's what the iWatch needs to do. And if they can't do that, it won't be successful."

Tullo believes that experience, no matter how great, must include music. "It's gotta have music," he concluded. "It's gotta do music superbly well."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Image credit: Apple

Posted-In: albert fried Albert Fried & Company Apple Apple Watch ChangeWaveAnalyst Color Top Stories Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-09-16
3 Simple Reasons Apple Inc Should Buy GoPro Inc. Should Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) buy GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO)? Analysts at Northland Capital Markets certainly think so, stating that Apple could acquire the action camera maker to diversify its product line and expand its digital ecosystem.

The deal would closely resemble Apple's $3 billion acquisition of Beats Electronics last year. Just as GoPro sells its action cams at premium prices, Beats sells its headphones and speakers at higher prices than its rivals. Just as GoPro is expanding its media ecosystem with the GoPro Channel, Beats expanded its brand with its Beats Music streaming service. And just as Apple carried Beats products at Apple Stores prior to the acquisition, Apple sells GoPro cameras in its brick-and-mortar and online stores.

With a market cap of $4.4 billion, GoPro would eclipse Beats as Apple's largest acquisition in history, but it would be pocket change for Apple, which finished last quarter with over $200 billion in cash. In my opinion, an Apple buyout might occur for three big reasons.

1. A natural extension of phones and watches

As I discussed in a previous article, smartphones won't ever displace action cams, because the two products are aimed at different markets. Apple customers are unlikely to strap their precious and fragile iPhones to motorcycle helmets and surfboards, so a market for durable and compact GoPro cameras will always exist. That's why HTC and Sony launched their own action cams instead of installing wide-angle lenses in their phones.

Apple showcased a GoPro app for the Apple Watch at its special event in early September. The app acts as a remote viewfinder and control for GoPro cameras, which makes it easier to use screenless cameras like the HERO4 Session. The app complements GoPro's standard iOS and Android apps, which let users control the cameras from phones and tablets. These apps will also likely control GoPro's drones when they launch next year.

Since GoPro's camera feels like a natural extension of the iPhone and Apple Watch, it would be reasonable for Apple to buy GoPro to diversify its top line beyond iPhones and iPads. iPhone sales accounted for over 60% of its top line last quarter, while sales of iPads have fallen for six consecutive quarters.

2. Ecosystem and cloud growth

GoPro's revenue is expected to grow about 20% annually this year to $2.3 billion, which would represent just 1% of Apple's projected 2015 sales of $233 billion. But we should remember that Apple didn't acquire Beats for its hardware revenue. In 2013, Beats only generated around $1.4 billion in revenues, mostly from sales of headphones and speakers, according to Fast Company. Instead, Apple likely acquired Beats to integrate its streaming service into Apple Music in response to the rising popularity of streaming apps and the decline of digital music downloads.

GoPro's ecosystem is built on its video channels, which have a massive social media following. Last quarter, its YouTube channel's subscriber base grew 40% annually to 3.1 million. Its Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) fan base grew 16% to 8.8 million. GoPro was also the fourth most engaged brand on Instagram, with 5.8 million subscribers -- a 140% jump from a year earlier. The GoPro Channel can also be viewed on Roku devices, Xbox consoles, Virgin America flights, and other networks. Although the GoPro channel is generally known for user-submitted and professional videos that double as viral ads for its cameras, the company is beefing up the network with VR films and original content. Those creative assets could be useful if Apple moves ahead with its rumored plans to produce original programming.

To enable users to back up and share content more quickly, GoPro is developing a cloud platform. If Apple buys GoPro, it can simply integrate that platform into iCloud and keep it out of the hands of rival tech companies with expanding cloud ecosystems.

3. GoPro won't be on sale for long

GoPro stock has plunged more than 40% over the past month on the illogical assumption that image processor supplier Ambarella's (NASDAQ:AMBA) conservative outlook for the rest of the year represents a slowdown for the entire action camera market. As a result, GoPro stock now trades at 16 times forward earnings -- a steep discount for a company that respectively grew its revenue and earnings by 72% and 277% annually last quarter.

If Apple pays $6 billion for GoPro -- which would represent an acquisition premium of 36% from current prices -- it would get a business that generates over $2 billion in annual revenues, devices that complement its phones and watches, and an ecosystem that grows its user base by double and triple digits every quarter. Adding GoPro cameras to its product lineup also wouldn't hurt Apple's margins, since GoPro's gross margin (46.4% last quarter) is actually slightly higher than Apple's (39.7%).

The key takeaway

Apple is clearly intrigued by action cams -- that's why it filed a patent for one earlier this year. But instead of developing and marketing its own action cam, it makes much more sense to simply buy GoPro's established brand and digital ecosystem for a few billion dollars. Apple Inc.'s Yield Is Near 2%. Is This the Safest Investment on the Street? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is one of most widely held, widely covered, and heavily scrutinized stocks on the market today. Hundreds of millions love its products, and many of these consumers wish to own stock in the company. We've heard over and over the arguments that Apple is a compelling long-term investment that gushes cash, is cheap on any conventional valuation metric, and should probably trade significantly higher. I am long Apple and believe that in time, the market will acknowledge these facts and the stock will trade significantly higher.

Today, I want to look at the company purely as a safe vehicle for those not seeking outsized returns but rather preservation of real purchasing power.

Let's define risk

Risk, to me, is not the value of my Apple stock as it drops 20% in a month or week, but rather the permanent loss of my capital. If you hold Apple stock, just like any other stock or a broad market index, you are bound to experience dozens of 10% drops over a 30-year period. This doesn't concern me, nor should it concern any long-term investor.

Another element of risk is having inflation eat away at your real purchasing power. If you stick $1,000 under a mattress or in a low-interest checking account for a decade, you're engaging in some very risky financial behavior. A can of soda that cost $1 when you "put your money safely away" might cost $1.50 when you pull it out. I think holding Apple stock nearly eliminates both of these risks.

Permanent loss of capital

The chances that an investment in Apple stock will lead to a permanent loss of capital any time in the foreseeable future seems slim to none. The company's massive cash hoard, $50 billion-plus in net income, growth in emerging markets, expansion into new products, and low valuation make any steep permanent decline in share price at these levels appear very unlikely. Apple sports a forward P/E of under 12, which is well below that of the S&P 500 overall. If we take that number ex-cash on the balance sheet, it's even lower.

Steve Jobs and now Tim Cook have proved to be conservative capital allocators who don't desire to "empire build" through acquisitions. Apple could buy massive companies with its cash hoard, and I'm sure many other CEOs would have embarked on something like the AOL-Time Warner deal that destroyed so much shareholder value. The fact that they have focused on smaller acquisitions to acquire technology or talent makes me feel much more comfortable with them as stewards of my capital.

The slow drain of inflation

Let's assume that Apple's outsized growth period is over -- which it isn't -- and that it's in a steady state of growth. This growth should loosely approximate GDP expansion over the long run. This alone would prevent inflation from eating into the real purchasing power of Apple shareholders.

When we then add in Apple's dividend, real purchasing power should far outpace inflation. Currently, Apple yields less than 2% but has a payout ratio of only 22%. Purely through free cash flow, Apple could double its payout and still have a conservative payout ratio of 44%. The company chooses not to do this because it feels that buybacks are more compelling at the moment and it wants to have a sizable cash cushion to protect itself from any threats.

In the future, Apple's yield will almost certainly go substantially higher, the share price will be remarkably higher, or, most likely, there will be some combination of the two. For those who buy in now, the yield on your initial cost in five, 10, or 20 years could look astronomical.

Safest place on the Street

There are probably other publicly traded companies that are even safer than Apple when it comes to fighting inflation and preventing permanent loss of capital. But I think Apple is very near the top of the list, and none of those other companies present the potential upside of the giant from Cupertino. If investors have a time horizon of five to 10 years or longer and want to protect their wealth with a substantial upside possibility, Apple deserves a good, hard look. Apple, Inc.'s Dividend Could Double in 6 Years While Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) dividend yield of 1.8% may not be big enough for income investors to get excited, well-informed dividend investors know that dividend yield alone isn't the full picture. Indeed, the quality of the underlying investment, along with the potential for dividend increases in the future, are just as important as dividend yield. For Apple stock, the quality is there: Down about 17% from its all-time high, and with shares trading incredibly cheap relative to Apple's underlying fundamentals, it doesn't take long to realize the intrinsic value looks compelling at $115. But what about Apple's dividend potential? Is the potential for its dividend growth meaningful enough for income investors looking for a growing stream of stable income?

What's not to like about Apple's dividend?

Beyond dividend yield, there's little investors can really complain about when it comes to an analysis of Apple's dividend. Sure, Apple's dividend history is weak; the tech giant didn't restart its dividend until 2012. And it took Apple's cash and marketable securities swelling to around $100 billion for the company to finally decide it wanted to pay a dividend.

But forgiving Apple's underwhelming dividend yield and lack of dividend history is easy once investors take a moment to ponder Apple's cash position. Apple is hands down a cash cow. Consider some of these facts about Apple's cash position and its cash flow.

Apple has $202.8 billion in cash and marketable securities on its balance sheet.

The tech giant's free cash flow, or cash from operations less capital expenditures, was $69.4 billion during the trailing twelve months alone.

Of Apple's $69.4 billion in free cash flow in the last twelve months, just $11.4 billion was spent on dividends.

The company's payout ratio, or dividends paid divided by earnings, is a conservative 22% -- a testament to the immense room for further increases down the road.

Apple's free cash flow has increased every year for nine years in a row.

All this data about Apple's cash is great. But it means little to investors seeking out a rising stream of steady income if Apple's board doesn't have an appetite for annual increases. Fortunately, however, healthy increases over the long haul look likely.

How long will it take Apple's dividend to double?

There are two ways to evaluate Apple's potential for further increases.

The first way is to take a look at the company's dividend history so far. Apple has increased its dividend each year since the dividend was reinitiated in 2012, with an average increase of 11.2%. These increases likely provide a glimpse of how the company will approach annual dividend increases in the future.

The second way to think about the potential for further dividend increases is to consider whether or not management has explicitly stated plans regarding future increases, or not. Apple's board has done exactly this, stating in a 2014 press release that Apple "plans to increase its dividend on an annual basis."

Considering how rapidly Apple's sales, cash hoard, and cash flow have continued to grow, and with no signs of any significant headwinds for Apple's business in the foreseeable future, it's looking like Apple could easily keep up its current rates for dividend increases.

Annual increases around this level would nearly double Apple's current annual payout in dividends in just six years. Another way to put it: this would give Apple's dividend a 3.5% yield in six years on today's cost basis.

Pair potential for meaningful dividend growth with the fact that Apple shares are grossly undervalued, this tech stock looks like a compelling investment for dividend investors. Apple Inc. (AAPL): The Fate Of The Bursting Tech Bubble Is In The Hands Of ... Tyler Durden: In a world in which everything is up if only one excludes all the things that are down, a favorite pastime of  strategists  has become announcing how high S&P500 earnings would be if only one excluded energy companies  ..and the impact of the dollar

  and China s economic slowdown  and the Emerging Markets currency crisis  and the [cold|hot|just right] weather  and rising labor costs  and everything else that stands between revenue (non-GAAP of course, just ask Tesla) and the bottom line.

What if one does the inverse: what if instead of eliminating the worst performing sectors (and all other factors that detract from performance in a priced to centrally-planned perfection world) one eliminates the biggest company in the world, Apple?

The result is troubling. As can be seen in the chart below, when it comes to second quarter earnings, Apple made all the difference in the world, literally, between gains and losses for what was otherwise one of the  best  performing sectors. In fact, AAPL provided a whopping 6% swing in IT sector EPS for Q2, pushing them from down 1.5% Y/Y without AAPL to +4.4% with Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL).

Q2 is now in the past, with everyone focused on Q3. What can one expect here?

According to Factset  Apple is currently expected to be the largest positive contributor to year-over-year earnings for the Information Technology sector for Q3 2015.  The bad news, however, is that for the first time in over two years, without and with the contribution of AAPL, the IT sector will post a year over year decline in EPS, the first Y/Y drop since Q2 2013 when it was AAPL that dragged infotech EPS lower.

As for earnings excluding AAPL, forget it:  the estimated earnings decline for the Information Technology sector is -0.4%. Excluding Apple, the sector would report a year-over-year decline in earnings of -5.9%. 

As Factset further adds, it really is all about AAPL:  As of today, if Apple reported actual EPS equal to or above the mean EPS estimate, it would mark the 5th consecutive quarter that Apple has been the largest contributor to year-over-year earnings for the Information Technology sector. 

But the worst news comes in the fourth quarter:  year-over-year comparisons for iPhone sales become more challenging in Q4 2015. Sales for the iPhone are projected to be down slightly (-1%) in Q4 2015. As a result, the magnitude of Apple s contribution to year-over-year earnings growth for the Information Technology sector is expected to be much smaller in Q4 2015 relative to recent quarters. 

So while Q3 tech EPS with AAPL could be a nail-biting toss up, with the final number potentially even ending in the green, in the fourth and final quarter of 2015   the quarter when supposedly the Fed will have hiked   all bets are off and the Info Tech sector, even with AAPL, will post its biggest EPS decline in over two years.

And with the tech sector (read Apple) still the market-driving sector for the entire market, now that we know that this:

Continue reading on the next page ..

  was a bust, let s hope that this:

 and this:

Are just the Hail Mary s that the broader market, the broke US consumer, and the hard-landing Chinese economy were waiting for.

Source: Factset 
2015-08-27
Apple Already Dominates Smart-Wearables Market, IDC Says Apple Inc. sold 3.6 million Apple Watches in the second quarter, beating some analysts  expectations and making the company the dominant provider of smart wearable devices after just one quarter of sales, market research firm IDC said in a report.

Apple sold 66 percent of the 5.5 million smart wearables, defined as devices capable of running third-party applications, said Ramon Llamas, research manager for IDC s wearables team. Only 1.4 million smart devices, almost all of them Samsung Electronics Co. s Gear products, were sold in the quarter a year earlier, Llamas said Thursday.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Apple hasn t released sales data for the watch, though it has said sales exceeded those of the iPhone and iPad in their first quarter on the market. The Cupertino, California-based company reported revenue of $2.64 billion for a broad  other  category that includes the Apple Watch and products such as Beats headphones and iPods. Bloomberg estimated second-quarter watch sales were at least 1.9 million.

Apple vaulted to second place in the total wearables market, which includes fitness-tracking devices made by Fitbit Inc., Garmin Ltd. and Jawbone Inc. Fitbit held the top position with 4.4 million units sold in the quarter, according to IDC.

Gene Munster, an analyst with Piper Jaffray & Co., estimates Apple sold 2.5 million watches in the quarter, based on an average selling price of $550. Apple sells three basic versions of the watch that range from $349 to $17,000 for an 18-karat gold model.

Beating Expectations

 If you believe the IDC numbers, Apple s doing better than you probably thought  in wearables, Munster said in an interview.  Even if you don t believe the IDC numbers, they still have taken great market share in no time. The category is setting up well for Apple, but it s going to take a year or a year-and-a-half to really take off. 

Fitbit executives have said they don t believe their business has been hurt by the Apple Watch because their products focus on consumers who are specifically concerned with health and fitness. Fitbit s sales more than tripled in the second quarter, although profit margins declined more than analysts expected.

IDC expects the smart-devices sector to grow to 89 million units in 2019 from 33 million this year, surpassing sales of basic wearables, which are forecast to increase to 66 million units in 2019 from 39 million this year.

The smart segment also is likely to be more profitable, given the higher prices for the devices. The average price of a smart wearable was $402 in the second quarter compared with $96 for the rest of the market, Llamas said.

Best Buy Co. announced Tuesday that the Apple Watch would be available in 900 stores on Sept. 4 and all 1,047 U.S. big-box stores by the end of the month. The chain began offering models of the watch costing from $349 to $700 about three weeks ago on its websites and at 100 locations. Apple Inc. Might Not Refresh the 15-Inch MacBook Pro Later This Year After All A few months ago, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) released a minor refresh of its 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro. The new system was mostly the same as the prior-generation model it replaced, with a few enhancements such as a slightly larger battery, faster discrete graphics processor, and a Force Touch trackpad.

The fact that the device didn't include an updated processor was a disappointment, but it was expected given that Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) probably didn't have updated processors suitable for the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro available in quantities at the time of the device's launch.

Although there had appeared to be evidence that updated processors from Intel might be available this fall to support an updated 15-inch MacBook Pro, it seems that this may not be the case after all.

CPU World leaks quad-core Skylake lineup

Highly reliable website CPU World recently published the specifications of Intel's upcoming batch of H-series notebook processors. According to the site, the initial round of H-series processors that Intel plans to launch between September and October will all come with Intel's HD 530 graphics engine.

The HD 530 graphics is the marketing name for Intel's lower-end "GT2" integrated graphics configuration. In the current MacBook Pro, Apple uses processors with higher performing GT3e graphics.

With the Skylake H-series processors, Intel is expected to offer processors with even higher-performing GT4e graphics. Such processors seem to be the prime candidates for a refreshed 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro.

Unless CPU World's information is incomplete, it would seem that these GT4e parts will launch at some point after the initial GT2 Skylake-H parts.

We might be looking at the first quarter of 2016 for a complete MacBook refresh

According to a recent leak from website Fanless Tech, the 28-watt Skylake-based parts (dual core with GT3e graphics) will become available in the first quarter of 2016. It would make sense that the quad-core Skylake parts with GT4e graphics -- which should be even more difficult to manufacture than the dual core parts with GT3e graphics -- would come in around the first quarter of 2016.

If Intel can get both the dual-core parts with GT3e graphics as well as the quad-core parts with GT4e graphics out in high volumes during the first quarter of 2016, then Apple might elect to do a comprehensive refresh of its MacBook lineup at that time.

Might Apple be at a disadvantage relative to its Windows peers?

Many of the Windows notebook vendors will likely update their systems to include Intel's Skylake processors (albeit with GT2 graphics) this fall. If Apple doesn't refresh its MacBook lines until early 2016 as it waits for more powerful chips from Intel, then a reasonable question to ask is: "Would Apple be at a disadvantage relative to its peers in the Windows world?"

Frankly, it doesn't seem so. Apple was not the first to adopt Intel's Broadwell-U family of processors in its MacBook Air and 13-inch Pro computers; it lagged popular Windows PC vendors by a several of months as the company probably wanted to wait for the more advanced Broadwell chips with more powerful GT3 graphics to become available.

Despite this wait, Apple still saw its Mac sales during its fiscal second quarter -- during most of which, Apple was not shipping Broadwell-based computers -- grow year over year in a weak overall PC market. Apple's Latest China Problem: Market Share As if Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) didn t already have enough to worry about in China, Morgan Stanley analyst Bill Lu believes that smartphone manufacturers are aggressively taking advantage of the remaining window before the launch of the next iPhone to attempt to gain market share from Apple in China.

In a new report, Lu looks at the potential share loss and what it means for Apple and its competitors.

The Strategy

With Apple s new iPhone model anticipated to launch in September, competitors are taking advantage of the last few weeks prior to the launch to bleed Apple of its market share in China. According to the report, OEMs Huawei, Meizu and Xiaomi have all announced new models within the last two months.

Is It Working?

The report includes the most recent market share data (based on page views) for the month of July.

The numbers show that the competitors  strategy may be working to a certain extent, as Apple share dropped by about 0.2 percent during the month, while share of rivals Xiaomi, Meizu and Huawei all climbed in July.

Apple s 12.7 percent share is currently good for third place in China, behind Muawei s 16.5 percent share and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (OTC: SSNLF) s 15.5 percent share.

Outlook

Chinese smartphone shipments for July came in at 39.9 million units, an 18 percent monthly increase and a 10 percent yearly increase.

 While we now only expect low-single-digit sequential growth for China s smartphone market in 3Q15/4Q15 after the forecast cut in mid-August, the sustainability of Chinese OEMs and components remains to be seen,  Lu explains.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Apple Apple China Apple market shareAnalyst Color Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Microsoft pays more than Apple for its audit, and why investors should care The annual audit instills confidence in the financial statements and the capital markets, something nobody misses until it s too late - like in the early 2000 s. Yet investors rarely pay attention to the audit s clearly stated cost, because audit fees don t create waves that upset earnings forecasts.

Another reason investors care little about fees is the auditor s opinion itself. The auditor s opinion is the financial reporting equivalent of a horseshoe crab - a living fossil, hardly changed since prehistoric days. Basically a rubber stamp, the audit opinion says nothing about the work and thinking behind it. The proxy statement gives investors the amount of audit and other fees paid, along with sanitary assurances of propriety by the audit committee. Mildly reassuring, the disclosures are often boilerplate and convey little beyond the audit committee declaring,  We did our job.  Investors crave information, but this isn t information they crave.

Quantitatively driven as they are, investors ignore the basic data on audit fees and miss some puzzling questions. Consider one pair of companies: Apple ( aapl )

and Microsoft ( msft ). Sure, they re different: one is the dominant computer-based consumer products company on the entire planet, and the other one is a monolithic software company. Apple has $231.8 billion in assets compared to Microsoft s $172.4 billion, and Apple s $182.8 billion of revenues eclipse Microsoft s revenues of $82.7 billion. Who has the higher audit costs? In 2014, Apple s total Ernst & Young audit fees: $10.6 million. Microsoft s total Deloitte audit fees: $46.2 million.

Why does it cost nearly 4.5 times more to audit the smaller one of the two? Is Microsoft that much more complex to audit than Apple? Are Apple s financial reporting controls so superior to Microsoft s that the auditors have less work to do? Without background color provided about the quality of the audits, investors can only look at a few numbers and scratch their heads.

Here s another pairing that puzzles: AT&T ( t ) and Verizon ( vz ). They re definitely in the same business, and share roughly the same dimensions. AT&T s assets and revenues are $292.8 billion and $132.5 billion, respectively, while Verizon s assets and revenues are $232.7 billion and $127.1 billion, respectively. They were even once the same company, and they still share Ernst & Young as auditor. Intuitively, you would expect Verizon to have lower total audit fees than AT&T, being the lesser of the two. Yet in 2014, Verizon s total audit cost was $36.3 million, compared to $27.7 million for AT&T. Why? There s no satisfactory intuitive answer - and there s no additional information that makes it clearer.

In the banking world, it s slightly more intuitive when you compare Citigroup ( c ) and Wells Fargo ( wf ). In regard to assets and revenues, the giants are nearly the same: $1.8 trillion in assets for Citi compared to $1.7 trillion for Wells Fargo, and $90.6 billion in revenues for Citi compared to $88.4 billion for Wells. In 2014, the total tab for Citi s audit: $92.0 million; for Wells, it s $41.9 million. Again, they share the same auditor: KPMG. Citigroup is a far more global enterprise than Wells Fargo - but should it cost $50 million more because of geographic dispersion? And if it really is the reason for the same auditor to cost that much more, shouldn t investors know more about the reasons? Does the Citigroup board know that the same auditing firm costs so much less at a comparably sized bank - and if they know, do they care enough to know the reasons why?

It s a sad statement that investors aren t more curious about the nature of an audit - something provided strictly for their benefit. Maybe it s because it doesn t usually rock earnings per share or forecasts, or maybe it s because companies haven t imploded frequently since the beginning of the century.

An early-stage proposal from the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) might provide much more quantitative information about the work behind the audit. It could make investors care without companies vaporizing on a daily basis.

The PCAOB intends to have audit firms develop  audit quality indicators  for both firms and individual engagements. These quality indicators would be available for investors  evaluation - and many of them would be quantitative, making them more interesting to investors. In its first pass, the PCAOB lists 28 possible indicators. Some of the potentially useful ones deal with the level of involvement of the engagement partner on an audit; the engagement partner s workload, and the workload of the manager and staff on the audit engagement; hours spent on an engagement by persons with specialized skill; the years of experience for partners and staff on an engagement; the turnover rate of audit personnel; percentage of audit work outsourced to others; and level of investment in training personnel.

It s an ambitious project, one that won t be concluded any time soon. If the PCAOB can pull it off, though, they just might make investors care about what s going into an audit, beyond ticking off a box on a proxy to  accept the board s recommendation to appoint auditor XYZ. 

Jack T. Ciesielski is president of R.G. Associates, Inc., an asset management and research firm in Baltimore that publishes The Analyst s Accounting Observer, a research service for institutional investors. Ciesielski and his clients own shares of Microsoft. 
2015-03-06
Is Apple Inc. Stock Heading to $150? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been one of the best-performing stocks during the past several years, soaring to become the company with the highest market capitalization in the entire stock market. Despite the blockbuster gains the stock has achieved, however, many believe Apple can still climb further, with some citing a $150 per-share price target as the next stop in Apple's inexorable rise.

We asked three Motley Fool contributors for their thoughts about whether Apple would be able to reach the $150 mark. Let's take a closer look at what they think is in store for Apple's future.

Andr s Cardenal (Yes, and then some more!): I think Apple can easily rise to $150 per share, and the stock can also go considerably above that. To begin with, at a price of $150, Apple would be trading at 17.5 times earnings forecasts for the fiscal year ending in September 2015. That would be in line with the average valuation for companies in the S&P 500 Index, above 18.

The iPhone is clearly booming around the world. Global unit sales increased 46% during the last quarter, and performance was particularly impressive in BRIC countries, where iPhone sales jumped 97% year over year. Apple enjoys tremendous profitability thanks to its unique pricing power and brand differentiation. Furthermore, the company has a rock-solid balance sheet with nearly $178 billion in cash and liquid investments.

Considering Apple's financial performance, potential for growth in emerging markets, and fundamental quality, the company could easily trade at a premium versus the overall market. However, current sales and earnings depend too much on the iPhone; even if sales are booming, that's a major risk factor to consider.

New products such as Apple Pay and Apple Watch are absolutely key. That's not because of their financial impact, which will most likely be moderate in the beginning; it's because Apple stock offers substantial room for gains if management can prove to investors that it can continue innovating and successfully expand into new product categories.

Dan Caplinger (No): I own Apple shares, so I'd be pleased as punch if the stock managed to go to $150 and beyond. Nevertheless, I'm not betting on that happening, as Apple's shares have come quite far quite quickly. Optimism over its coming product launches leave Apple vulnerable to disappointment if the company doesn't enjoy the success that most people expect.

Apple's products enjoy massive popularity; but for those who don't absolutely have to have the newest device as soon as it comes out, any slowing in the upgrade cycle could cause sales to slow. That wouldn't necessarily be fatal to Apple's share price, as its current valuation is quite reasonable; but it could nevertheless bring its impressive gains during the past couple of years to at least a temporary halt.

In addition, one future possibility is that Apple might seek to appease activist shareholders like Carl Icahn by paying a massive special dividend. If that happened, investors would clearly profit; but the continuing share price after the dividend payment would likely go down by nearly the same amount as Apple paid out. That might be winning on a technicality, but it would also answer some investors' concerns about Apple simply becoming too large to advance any further.

Apple has plenty of growth potential in its future. After such an impressive run, though, it might take a while longer before Apple can crack the $150 barrier.

Bob Ciura (Yes): Apple is heading to $150. At first glance, it might seem like a daunting task for Apple stock to get there. After all, the stock is coming off a huge rally. Shares of the tech giant are up 66% in the past year. It might also seem difficult for Apple to break through $150 per share, since Apple is now the biggest company in the world, with a market capitalization in excess of $730 billion.

As crazy as it sounds, Apple is still fairly cheap. The stock trades for 17 times trailing earnings per share, which is still cheaper than the market as a whole. The S&P 500 Index is valued closer to 20 times trailing EPS. And Apple's valuation still has room to expand, because the company is growing at very high rates. A discounted multiple doesn't seem appropriate for a company that grew EPS by 13% in fiscal 2014 and 48% in the fiscal 2015 first quarter.

Analysts expect Apple to earn $8.59 per share in FY15, which would represent another strong year, with 33% growth. At today's price, Apple trades for 15 times its 2015 earnings estimates. If Apple were to reach $150 per share, the stock would trade for 17.5 times 2015 earnings. This is entirely possible, and would actually not require significant multiple expansion. As a result, I fully expect to see Apple trading at $150 per share at some point this year. Apple's Currency Exposure Within Acceptable Limits  
2015-01-22
Xiaomi is a Big Threat to Samsung, Not Apple Inc. Fast-growing Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has been cited as a major threat to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) with increasing frequency in the past year or so. Indeed, Xiaomi went from a start-up to the world's third-largest smartphone maker in the span of just 3 years. By mid-2014, it was the leading smartphone brand in China by shipments.

Xiaomi clearly has ambitions to rival Apple. In revealing Xiaomi's latest high-end smartphones, company founder Lei Jun made frequent comparisons to Apple's iPhone 6 Plus. He argued that Xiaomi's products were as good as or better than the iPhone 6 Plus, despite costing half as much (or less).

However, as much as Xiaomi may talk about Apple, it really has Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) in its crosshairs. That's because Apple has two key advantages over Samsung in the fight against Xiaomi: more brand cachet and a differentiated hardware/software ecosystem.

Xiaomi vs. Samsung

These three points meant that first, Xiaomi didn't have a big hurdle to convince Samsung users to consider Xiaomi phones. Second, it could significantly under-price Samsung, particularly for high-end devices. Lastly, it meant that Xiaomi phones were compatible with Samsung devices, minimizing switching costs.Samsung was an obvious target for Xiaomi. First, Samsung sells phones covering a wide range of price points which limits the brand's "premium" prestige. Second, Samsung's high-end phones (the Galaxy S and Galaxy Note models) are sold at big markups. Third, most of Samsung's phones run on the open-source Android operating system.

Xiaomi has convinced a large swath of Chinese consumers that its phones are just as good as (or better than) their Samsung counterparts, despite costing less. This has allowed Xiaomi to cut deeply into Samsung's market share. For all of 2014, Samsung's Chinese market share appears to have declined by about one-third, with the share losses worsening as the year progressed.

Xiaomi vs. Apple: a different story

For Apple, the threat from Xiaomi is much more manageable than for Samsung -- a point that is reinforced by Apple's stable market share in China. Apple has two key advantages: a unique level of brand cachet (manifested in strong customer loyalty) and its own operating system that is designed to "play nice" only with other Apple devices.

This means that to win customers away from Apple, Xiaomi needs to convince them to give up any iOS apps they may have purchased and deal with a potentially clunky process of migrating other data from their old iPhones. It's not impossible -- especially for people who don't own any other Apple products -- but it's still an uphill battle.

It's also important to note that Apple doesn't offer low-end smartphones and barely participates in the mid-range market. Xiaomi sold 61 million phones last year, bringing in about $12 billion. That means its average selling price was less than $200. By contrast, the average selling price for an iPhone is about $600 globally -- and likely higher in China.

For the most part, media outlets have interpreted this as a problem for Apple. (I.e. Xiaomi sells great smartphones for less than half the price of an iPhone.) But another way of looking at this vast discrepancy is that iPhone buyers in China aren't concerned about saving money on their phone purchases.

In fact, the opposite may be the case. The iPhone has become a major status symbol in China in recent years, precisely because of its high price tag. As one Hong Kong-based columnist put it earlier this month: "Apple products have become synonymous with a particular lifestyle. Everyone wants to look young, wealthy and carefree."

A manageable problem

Thus, Apple's decision to maintain premium pricing for all iPhones may counterintuitively stimulate more demand in China. The vast majority of Chinese consumers simply can't afford to spend the equivalent of nearly $1,000 for an iPhone. But there are still hundreds of millions who can, and a large proportion of them are doing just that.

On the margin, Apple will undoubtedly lose some sales to Xiaomi among more practical consumers who will pocket the savings and buy a Xiaomi phone that still carries a good deal of cachet in China. But since Apple never had a realistic chance of dominating the Chinese market with pricey iPhones, this shouldn't be a big concern.

By contrast, Samsung's strategy of building a phone for every niche in the market appears to be backfiring in China at the hands of Xiaomi. Samsung phones don't match iPhones as high-end status symbols in China, but they cost significantly more than comparable Xiaomi models. As a result, Samsung will have a much harder time maintaining its market share in China than Apple in the next few years. The Surging Dollar May Take A Bite Out Of Apple's Earnings  
2015-07-24
Silicon Valley Overtaken By Growth Of Apple? Computer Giant Keeps Adding ... Monterey International Pop Festival Celebrates 50 Years One of the original mega music festivals is back and is celebrating a 50th anniversary this June...

Boston Heavyweights Rock Elbo RoomOne of the East Coast's best purveyors of heavy music finally make their way to the Bay Area this Sunday when Boston band Gozu headlines the Elbo Room in San Francisco's Mission District with support from Portland's Ape Machine and local acts Brume and Zed. Apple Inc. (AAPL): Why Investors Shouldn't Be Alarmed Jay Taylor: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), the world s largest company by market capitalization, reported earnings Tuesday that were full of bright spots. But it wasn t the first time we ve seen Apple disappoint investors despite its huge numbers.

The stock fell considerably in after-hours trading, tumbling more than 8% before paring losses to open Wednesday down roughly 6%.

Though the stock did recover and end Wednesday down only 4.3%, the effects of the stock s sharp drop were felt across global markets   though, they too recovered most of their losses throughout the day.

Let s take a close look at the Apple earnings report and what exactly the market saw that was so disappointing.

The company reported a year-over-year revenue increase of 33%, from $37.4 billion in the third quarter of 2014 to $49.6 billion in the third quarter of 2015. Earnings per share grew by 45% from $1.28 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2014 to $1.85 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2015.

I have no doubt that Apple s EPS metric was boosted by the elimination of millions of shares, thanks to Apple s share buyback program.

Apple CFO Luca Maestri noted that the company returned $13 billion to shareholders through the company s  capital return program,  a mix of dividends and stock buybacks. Considering that we can calculate the company s dividend payments to have been around $3.1 billion, we know that the company spent just shy of $10 billion repurchasing its own stock, retiring nearly 70 million shares!

With fewer shares outstanding the company s EPS will continue to look stronger and stronger.

Record iPhone Sales

The CFO also noted during the conference call that the average purchase price of the $90 billion worth of shares repurchased by the company is roughly $86 per share. This is well below the stock s current price.

The company reported a record third quarter for iPhone sales, an increase of 35% over the previous year s same quarter. CEO Tim Cook noted on the earnings conference call that this growth in iPhone sales was more than three times greater than the industry average. He also noted that while unit sales grew by 35%, iPhone revenue grew by 59%. This is a clear indication that the company sold a significant number of its premium-priced and newer models.

This information makes sense when you consider that Apple s overall operating margin grew to 39.7% compared to 39.4% year-over-year.

Great Expectations

Huge increases in revenue, huge increases in EPS along with increasing margins. What s not to like?

Indeed, it seems that Apple s biggest problem is that investors have been happily surprised by Apple s earnings reports so frequently that they expected more than Apple could deliver.

Apple s cash pile grew to more than $200 billion during the quarter, an almost unfathomable quantity of liquid assets, especially when you compare it to those of other major companies. The Wall Street Journal image below does just that.

Despite beating revenue expectations, including individual product expectations for the iPhone, Mac and even the beleaguered iPad, investors seem to have been looking for more. Perhaps they wanted to hear surprisingly good news about the recently released Apple Watch or Apple s new Apple Music service.

Regarding those products, Apple didn t provide concrete numbers. However we know that the Apple Watch falls under  other  revenue, that the company generated $1.74 billion in  other  revenue during the same quarter last year and only $2.6 billion in the quarter reported. Considering that analysts were hoping for $1.84 billion in Apple Watch revenue, these numbers suggest the Apple Watch fell well short of these expectations.

That said, Apple s CFO said that Apple Watch sales were  well over  the $860 million year-over-year increase in the  other  revenue category.

Famed Apple expert and Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster estimated the Apple Watch figure to be around 1.2 million units sold versus his estimates of 3 million. He also reiterated his $162-per-share price target.

Tim Cook didn t specifically address Watch sales, other than to say it was  a great start for Apple Watch,  and that  the excitement for Apple Music has been incredible.  He also told investors that the company has finally caught up to Apple Watch demand and that the product is now available in 19 countries, with three more countries coming online before the end of July.

Cook also added that the company wasn t sharing Apple Watch sales data to avoid giving competitors insight.

An Overreaction

In a nutshell, this looks to me like yet another blowout Apple earnings report. It also looks like yet another Apple earnings report that hasn t lived up to far-too-lofty expectations of some in the market.

If you own Apple stock then you shouldn t be alarmed. The evaporation of $60 billion in market capitalization during after-hours trading seems to me like an overreaction by  investors  expecting things they shouldn t have expected.

Blowout revenue, EPS, margins and revenue from all of Apple s leading products tells me that everything is well at the world s largest company.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Jay Taylor from Wyatt Research. Apple Inc's Mac Success Is Something of a Surprise If you haven't gotten the memo, PC sales are anemic. For the most recent reminder of the horrible state of the industry, look no further than Gartner's second-quarter worldwide PC shipments statistics. According to the information technology research firm, worldwide PC shipments totaled 68.4 million units in this year's second quarter, down significantly from last year's corresponding total of 75.6 million -- 9.5%, to be exact.

Of course, this is only more bad news in what's become an ongoing trend. In the first quarter Gartner found the worldwide PC market contracted 5.2% on a year-over-year basis. To be fair, Gartner tends to ascribe continued poor year-over-year performance mostly to temporary factors, blaming 2014's famous XP support purge for problems in the first quarter and a strong dollar for slower unit shipments in the second quarter. Many other observers, however, think the problem is less cyclical and more structural. More directly stated, many are predicting the death of the PC.

Still, there are a few companies that seem immune to this poor performance. Most notably, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) seems to be able to perform while other companies struggle.

Let's talk about that first quarter

While the rest of the PC market contracted on a year-over-year basis in the first quarter, there were some companies that did grow. Chinese vendor Lenovo and Hewlett-Packard registered worldwide shipment growth of 5.7% and 2.5% respectively on a year-over-year basis. And while Apple itself was not included in Gartner's named companies, listed instead under its "others" category, Apple's results during a near-matching period can be gleaned from its financial statements.

For Apple's second fiscal quarter, which mostly corresponds to the first calendar quarter, Apple reported Mac unit growth of 10%, going from 4.14 million to 4.56 million units. Apple performed better than major PC manufacturers and in stark contrast to the overall market. Of course, it's important to acknowledge Apple's PC's are not specifically affected by the previous year's Windows XP forced upgrade cycle, thus benefiting from a better comparison number, but that doesn't explain its second-quarter performance.

Apple's second-quarter CPU performance is strong

On Tuesday July 21, Apple reported its fiscal third-quarter earnings (second calendar quarter). Overall, the company did beat analyst expectations on revenue and earnings, hitting $49.6 billion and $1.85, respectively, versus $49.4 billion and $1.81, respectively. And while the company beat established analyst expectations, the stock fell as actual investors wanted higher revenue and earnings (the proverbial "whisper number"). Shares of the company fell as much as 7% after-hours as of this writing.

And although Mac units fell slightly short of estimates of 4.9 million, the company reported nearly 4.8 million units sold. When compared to last year's total of 4.4 million, Apple reported a 9% year-over-year growth in unit shipments. Again, this is in direct contrast to the overall shipments in the greater computer industry, which fell the aforementioned 9.5%, according to Gartner's data. For Apple to grow in this market is a sign of its brand value proposition. Look for Apple to continue to grow Mac sales regardless of the overall industry's performance. 
2015-02-15
3 Internet of Things Companies Making Tech for Apple Inc. There are plenty of technology companies that have their components in Apple(NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhones, but a handful of them are using their expertise in mobile devices to transition into the burgeoning Internet of Things (IoT).

Investors looking for tech stocks that have a future beyond just mobile devices -- take a look at these three companies delving into the IoT.

Sensing movement in the Internet of Things

InvenSense (NYSE:INVN) provides the micro electro-mechanical system (MEMS) gyroscopes for motion tracking in the iPhone 6 lineup. In its third quarter 2015 earnings, Apple made up 45% of InvenSense revenue.

But the company is also betting big that its MEMS will play a huge role in the IoT as well. That is good news -- according to IHS, the "explosive expansion of the Internet of things is driving rapid demand growth" for micro electro-mechanical systems.

That may be why the company introduced the M3 system-on-a-chip at the Consumer Electronics Show last month, which combines a 6-axis motion sensor with digital motion processors, proprietary software, an ARM CPU, and embedded flash -- all into a 3x3 millimeter space.

CEO Behrooz Abdi had this to say about the chip:

In addition to mobile, this single-chip IoT device has applications in many market segments including wearable, smartphone, the smart home, gaming, drones, industrial, and automotive and lends itself well to anchoring compelling modular IoT solutions with full connectivity and memory powering exciting new vertical markets.

Invensense has been a bear in the market over the past 12 months -- down 25% -- with some of the negative movements coming from investors unhappy with the drop in gross margins. But for those looking for a long-term IoT play that has the tech chops to produce top notch components for Apple, don't write this company off just yet.

Strong connections for Apple and IoT

Behind strong cellular connections is Skyworks Solutions (NASDAQ:SWKS), which makes the analog and mixed signal semiconductors for the iPhone and iPad. Apple uses Skyworks radio frequency technology to boost signals from its mobile devices to telecom carriers.

Skyworks is not the sole provider of these chips in Apple devices, but its share of components in those devices is growing. About 20% to 25% more Skyworks technology is in the new iPhone compared to the iPhone 5S, according to Oppenheimer & Co. analyst, Rick Schafer.

But just as with Invensense, Skyworks is branching out into IoT possibilities as well.

Future connected devices will "require high levels of integration and will need customized solutions produced in massive scale and attractive cost points. All of these attributes play directly into Skyworks' core strengths. In this way, Skyworks is a conduit into the Internet of Things," CEO David Aldrich said on a recent earnings call. Aldrich added that the IoT is one of four major trends driving growth at the company this year.

Some question the possibility of more growth for the company, with its stock already up 155% in 2014. While the company still has a lot of room to run in the Internet of Things, investors should watch pricing pressure from major OEMs, as well as increased radio frequency competition from Qualcomm.

Much more than mobile payments

NXP Semiconductors(NASDAQ:NXPI)scored a big win a few months ago when Apple decided to use the company's near-field-communication chips to power the new Apple Pay system. Two NXP chips enable NFC payments and also secure them.

That is a big deal for NXP, as Apple has made its payment system a key feature of both the iPhone 6 lineup and the forthcoming Apple Watch. But future prospects extend far beyond the iMaker.

NXP is one of the first companies to mass-produce chips for vehicle-to-vehicle (V2V) and vehicle-to-infrastructure (V2I) communication systems. And just last month Audi -- a leader in connected vehicles -- said that NXP technology outpaced previous tests with other V2X equipment.

NXP chips, along with a Delphi antenna, communicated potential hazards between two vehicles -- all while traveling over one mile apart at high speeds.

And that is just part of its IoT pursuits. Between wearble technology like the Apple Watch, connected cars with Audi, and additional connected home technology, NXP has shown that the company is much more than a mobile chipmaker.

Plenty more to come

There are plenty of other companies making mobile technologies right now that will ultimately use their expertise in the IoT, but these three companies are proof that now is the time for tech companies to make the transition. Investors looking for tech investments should keep a close eye on which players are poised to use their mobile know-how for the growing Internet of Things. Is Apple Inc. About to Kill the iPad Mini? According to DigiTimes, "Taiwan based supply chain makers have not received orders for new versions of the iPad mini." This, DigiTimes claims, has led its sources in the supply chain to believe that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will not launch an update to its iPad mini lineup in 2015, ending the lineup.

While such rumors are hardly new, the issue is worth reexamining.

Apple sure didn't show the iPad mini much love in 2014

When Apple refreshed its iPad lineup last year, it made a number of unusual moves. Firstly, while the iPad Air 2 was made thinner, faster, and just all-around better, the iPad mini 3 was essentially just an iPad mini 2 featuring Touch ID.

Now, do keep in mind that it is well-known that the iPad mini lineup generally carries lower selling prices and gross profit margin than the flagship iPad Air lineup. Given that even Apple's research and development spending isn't unlimited, it's no surprise that the company is going to put more effort behind its higher-margin, higher average selling price products.

That being said, for Apple to not provide a meaningful update to the iPad mini lineup signals that iPad mini 2 sales were probably terrible during its run as flagship. The reasoning here on Apple's part may have simply been: "Well, if customers didn't really respond well to the iPad mini 2, which was a great product at its launch, then what good would it do to put a lot of effort into the iPad mini 3, which won't sell well regardless of product quality?"

Is Apple likely to kill the iPad mini, though?

While I'm convinced that the iPad mini lineup as a whole isn't selling well (and I'd wager the iPhone 6 Plus isn't helping iPad mini's case at all), I still believe there are a number of Apple customers who still appreciate the option to buy smaller iPads.

My guess, then, is that Apple won't kill the line (that is, unless sales truly become de minimis), but I think the pattern of relatively meagre and/or infrequent upgrades is going to continue. After all, if the demand for the product category just isn't all that robust, then it might make sense to just milk current products for as long as possible.

Further, by continuing to pour most of its energy and resources into the iPad Air and, potentially, the widely rumored larger iPad, Apple can continually tempt iPad mini users to buy up the stack. In fact, while a relatively stale iPad mini model will be available to those who really must have an iPad mini, customers may be tempted to try out a larger iPhone and/or a larger iPad in lieu of truly great iPad mini offerings.

In that case, given the higher margins of the larger iPads (and the even higher margins of the large iPhone), this would be a net win for Apple. The only risk is if customers must have a smaller tablet, don't like Apple's offerings, and instead opt to buy small tablets from competitors. However, Apple still has the advantage that iPads are the only tablets that run iOS, so if a customer prefers iOS, then switching to Android/Windows might simply be out of the question. Five Ways That Apple Is Already Positioned to Be a Car Company Tim Cook, chief executive officer of Apple Inc., center, arrives to speak with Gary Cohn, president and chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs Group Inc., right, at the Goldman Sachs Technology And Internet Conference in San Francisco, California, U.S., on Tuesday, Feb. 10, 2015.

Apple Inc. may already be positioned to evolve into a global automaker in many ways that other Silicon Valley companies aren t.

The Cupertino, California-based tech company has put a few hundred employees to work on a secretive project to develop an electric automobile, a person familiar with the matter has said. While Apple often tests ideas that don t get released, the work underscores the company s long-held desire to play a greater role in the automotive space, which is ripe for more of a merging with users  digital lives.

 It makes a ton of sense,  Gene Munster, an analyst with Piper Jaffray Cos., said Saturday in an interview.  If you would ve said 10 years ago,  Apple is going to be in the car business,  I think people would ve said you re crazy -- because it would ve been crazy -- and today it s a much different company that s able to tackle these massive addressable markets. 

Apple, with a market capitalization that s more than $700 billion, needs to continue growing sales in iPhones, its largest revenue generator, while also expanding into new markets, such as automobiles, if it s to reach a $1 trillion valuation, Munster said. He added that he doesn t think Apple would bring out a car in the next five years.



Nonetheless, Apple boasts some advantages versus other Silicon Valley companies with car ambitions. Tesla Motors Inc., which delivers less than 10,000 vehicles a quarter, surprised investors last month when Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk said the company wouldn't be profitable until 2020.

Apple s strengths as a potential automaker include:

1. $178 Billion

The automotive industry churns through cash at an astonishing pace. Apple, as it turns out, has a cash hoard of almost $180 billion. As Musk said last week, Apple is  just running out of ways to spend money. They spend money like it s water over there and they still can t spend enough of it. 

While the old rule of thumb was that it cost about $1 billion to develop a new car, those costs are now being spread over more vehicles as traditional automakers work to use vehicle platforms for more models, said Dave Sullivan, an automotive industry analyst with AutoPacific. That would be one challenge for Apple, as would a lack of experience building cars, though Thilo Koslowski, vice president and automotive practice leader at Gartner, said they could acquire those manufacturing skills.

 It s well understood because it has been around for 100 years,  he said of building cars.  What isn t that well understood are the pieces that Apple would potentially bring to the table. 

2. The Ultimate Mobile Device

Apple has built its fortune on creating products that are compellingly designed and that integrate software in such a fashion that immerses users  lives deeper into the Apple world, further hooking them for future upgrades. And it already has car-suited technology -- mapping software, for instance -- ready to go.

 The car is one of the most important and critical pieces of the puzzle that you need to master if you want to interact with customers wherever they are,  Koslowski said.  It s pretty important to have a phone that s connected, and can show you your calendar and do all kinds of other things, but now extending it to this other device that happens to have four wheels. 

3. Car Guys?

The car business seems simple to outsiders, tempting some to think they can do better than Detroit, which spent a generation sliding toward bankruptcy reorganizations before re-emerging to new profits.

But the modern automotive industry has a mixed record on how outsiders perform. For every Alan Mulally, who jumped from Boeing Co. to oversee Ford Motor Co. s renaissance, there s a Bob Nardelli, the former General Electric Co. executive and Home Depot Inc. CEO, who was at the helm of Chrysler during its bankruptcy. Tesla has so far succeeded while Fisker Automotive, another high-profile electric car company, had its assets sold off in bankruptcy.

Apple, meanwhile, has a unique mix of executives with tech and auto experience. The company has long hired engineers from the automotive space, often with experience in supply chain management, battery technology and user-interface experience.

Luca Maestri, Apple s chief financial officer, spent 20 years at General Motors in areas of finance and operations. Eddy Cue, the influential senior vice president of Internet software, is a car enthusiast and on the board of Ferrari. Steve Zadesky, vice president of iPhone product design, who is leading Apple s car effort, spent time working at Ford earlier in his career. Marc Newson, a well-regarded industrial designer who joined Apple s secretive design team last year, did a high-profile concept car for Ford in 1999.

4. Retail Network

One of the strengths -- and weaknesses -- of traditional automakers has been their dealer networks. It s hard to open up store fronts around the world fast enough to get the scale needed to sell cars. In the U.S., there are added complexities such as state franchise laws that often prohibit manufacturers from selling cars directly to customers.

That s something Tesla has sought to upend. Rather than selling through franchised dealers, the Palo Alto, California-based automaker operates its own showrooms -- which were created by a former Apple executive -- and takes orders over the Internet. The approach has drawn the ire of franchise dealers and the automaker has butted heads with dealer groups last year in Georgia, Missouri, New Jersey, New York, Ohio and Pennsylvania before reaching compromises.

Apple, of course, already has a giant retail network through its hundreds of Apple Stores worldwide, from Brazil to Sweden to Turkey.

5. Apple Does Global

The automotive business has a global complexity like few other industries, with regulatory, marketing and logistics issues that can trip up the capital-intense business on any given day.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Apple, which designs its products in California but depends upon contractors to assemble them mostly in Asia, is used to managing an on-time supply chain around the world -- something Google Inc. doesn t do in its day-to-day Internet search business -- and handling the complexities of currency swings throughout global markets. CEO Tim Cook built his reputation at Apple for his ability to navigate those global operations.

 That would be a huge plus should they decide to manufacture cars,  Tim Bajarin, president of Creative Strategies, said.

He said he remains skeptical that Apple wants to get into the actual business of selling cars, rather than just moving deeper into creating operating systems for automakers.

 Doing cars is not in Apple s wheelhouse,  Bajarin said.  It s more likely they are trying to create a richer, more immersive electronics experience tied to iOS where not only the audio system but the information and possibly new levels of security through sensors and cameras would be part of what they would offer to other carmakers. 

Apple could be creating concepts, or reference designs, to integrate technology to demonstrate to automakers, he said.





 
2015-11-12
Synaptics Incorporated Catches a Break as this Apple Inc. Chip Project ... A report from DigiTimes recently claimed Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has placed orders with Synaptics (NASDAQ:SYNA) for display driver chips for its next generation iPhone, widely referred to as the iPhone 7. According to a teardown report from Chipworks, the iPhone 6s/6s Plus each use a display driver chip provided by Synaptics.

Although it may not seem particularly newsworthy that Apple is continuing to use a supplier that it has sourced parts from in the past, this is actually a pretty big deal for Synaptics. Here's why.

Apple is said to be trying to work on its own display driver technology

According to the aforementioned teardown report of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, Apple separates its touch controllers (which come from Broadcom (NASDAQ:BRCM) and Texas Instruments (NASDAQ:TXN) in the current iPhones) from the display driver.

However, DigiTimes reported earlier this year that Apple is working to build a custom solution that integrates both the touch controller as well as the display driver into a single chip. Synaptics is currently sampling its second generation of such a solution , referred to as TDDI (touch and display driver integration).

If Apple is successful in building its own TDDI solution -- something it apparently hasn't been able to get in order for the iPhone 7 -- then this would almost certainly mean lost revenue for Apple's display driver chip vendor (Synaptics) as well as for Broadcom/Texas Instruments, which supply the iPhone touch controllers.

This may mean Synaptics is "in" for the next few iPhones; long-term picture looks less positive

If Apple sticks to its typical iPhone release cadence, which should mean a totally new design next year and a significant internal upgrade in the second half of 2017, then I suspect Synaptics winning the display driver spot in the iPhone 7 should also mean that Synaptics should be able to bag the revenue throughout the iPhone 7s cycle as well.

The bad news, though, is that given Apple's track record and significant capacity to spend on chip projects, it is likely to succeed in developing that in-house TDDI chip within the next couple of years. This means investors in Synaptics, as well as Broadcom and TI, should expect the revenue associated with the display driver and touch controllers, respectively, to dry up at some point.

Will Apple use Synaptics' TDDI chips or a stand-alone DDI?

It might seem reasonable to expect Apple would choose to use Synaptics' second generation TDDI solution. After all, according to Synaptics, TDDI solutions offer significant advantages over solutions that separate the touch controller(s) from the display driver chip.

The DigiTimes report merely says Apple has placed "LCD driver IC orders" with Synaptics; it doesn't indicate Apple will be migrating to one of Synaptics' more integrated TDDI solutions. I believe, in the absence of an Apple-designed TDDI chip, Apple will continue to use discrete touch controllers and display drivers.

The reasoning behind this is simple: Apple has been using the Broadcom/Texas Instrument touch screen controller combination for several generations now, and I suspect any associated firmware/software that Apple has built in support of these chips is quite mature at this point.

If Apple were to move to a solution from Synaptics, then Apple might not be able to leverage the large amount of research-and-development work that has gone into fine-tuning the current iPhone touch architecture.

Although there may be technical benefits associated with moving to a Synaptics TDDI solution, the risk associated with transitioning away from the current architecture, coupled with the fact that the use of such a solution is expected to be fairly short lived, doesn't seem worth it. What Could More Memory Mean for the Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Plus? In 2014, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) broke with tradition and launched not one but two flagship mobile devices: iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The iPhone 6 Plus was essentially a larger version of the iPhone 6, but with a few enhancements, namely a higher resolution display and the inclusion of optical image stabilization for still images.

With this year's iPhone 6s/6s Plus, the differences between the two devices remain the same, except this year the iPhone 6s Plus gained support for optical image stabilization with videos as well.

It would seem, though, according to a report from well-known KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, that next year's iPhone 7 Plus will include more system memory than the iPhone 7. Let's take a closer look at what this might imply for the next-generation iPhone.

Some memory basics

According to Kuo, the added memory in the iPhone 7 Plus over the iPhone 7 will be included for performance reasons. To understand how added memory can lead to better performance, it's important to understand the role of main memory in a computer system such as the iPhone.

Whenever an application runs, the operating system loads that application into memory so that the main processor can access the data and instructions associated with that program as quickly as possible. In fact, in iOS, if there is not enough room for the currently running application in main memory, the operating system will actually shut down other apps in order to make room for the currently running app in main memory.

As long as the applications that a user is running can fit into currently available memory, the user experience should be good.

Why would a larger-screen phone need more memory?

Right now, there isn't much to differentiate the larger iPhone from the smaller one aside from the minor camera differences and the display resolution. However, I suspect that in a bid to try to enrich its product mix/iPhone average selling prices, Apple will continue to add hardware/software features to differentiate its larger iPhones from the smaller ones.

One fairly obvious thing that Apple could introduce is split-screen multitasking in its larger iPhones beginning with the iPhone 7 Plus, a feature similar to what is currently available on the iPad Air 2 and the upcoming iPad Pro. Since such a feature should allow two, potentially resource-hungry applications to run in tandem, it could make sense to increase the amount of memory included in the device.

Could future Plus models get improved applications processors, too?

Although Kuo says that both the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will use Apple's upcoming A10 processor, I do think that at some point down the line Apple might benefit from developing a more powerful applications processor specifically for the Plus iPhones.

For example, since the larger iPhones are generally in thicker chassis with greater volume, an applications processor specifically tailored for the larger phone could be allowed to dissipate more heat. The larger phones also have substantially larger batteries, which could also allow Apple to deliver more performance at the same battery life.

I don't think such an applications processor would have to be vastly different from a design perspective. The difference between an iPhone Plus-bound A-series processor and a vanilla iPhone-bound A-series processor could simply be one of operating frequency on both the CPU and the graphics blocks.

If Apple wanted to get really fancy, though, it could increase the number of GPU cores to better support the higher resolution display found on the Plus models.

That said, I don't think the challenge here is one of actually building the customized chips; Apple can certainly afford to hire whatever talent that it needs in order to support the development of such chips. Rather, I suspect that the difficulties associated with having two different phone chip designs would stem from having to manage the inventories of the two different chip models.

Apple probably has enough data to be able to reasonably approximate the demand mix between the regular-sized iPhones and the Plus models, but there's no doubt that such a move would introduce additional complexity that the company just doesn't feel the need to deal with. Are Apple Inc.'s Mobile CPU Designs No Better Than Qualcomm Inc.'s? In a recent piece published in the EETimes, chip industry analyst Linley Gwennap was quoted as saying the "performance of the Apple-design[ed] (NASDAQ:AAPL) CPU core is very good, but no better than that of [Qualcomm's (NASDAQ:QCOM)] Snapdragon."

I respectfully disagree with Gwennap and believe that since Apple began rolling out its home-grown mobile CPU cores, it's had a defensible lead over Qualcomm in terms of mobile CPU performance. Here's why.

An historical perspective

Apple first introduced its own custom-designed CPU core, known as Swift, in the A6 chip that powered the iPhone 5, breaking with Apple's previous tradition of using off-the-shelf ARM (NASDAQ:ARMH) CPU cores.

Since then, Apple has used its own custom ARM-compatible CPU designs in its follow-on mobile processors. These CPUs are generally regarded to offer best-in-class performance and power efficiency in smartphones.

Qualcomm, too, has been designing its own custom ARM-compatible CPU cores for use in its flagship Snapdragon processors, although it continues to opt for off-the-shelf ARM designs for its midrange and low-end processors, as ARM's designs are quite good for those classes of devices.

In the table below, I show the CPU cores and the years they debuted in devices that consumers could purchase from both Apple and Qualcomm:

Year Apple Qualcomm 2012 Swift Krait 200 2013 Cyclone Krait 300/Krait 400 2014 Typhoon Krait 450 2015 Twister N/A 2016 New Apple Core Kryo

Let's take a look at how the Apple-designed cores have compared with the Qualcomm-designed ones.

Digging into performance

In order to compare the performance levels of these chips, I am going to use a performance test known as Geekbench 3 (we will use the single-core test in order to do a like-for-like comparison of the CPU cores).

It is far from perfect, but I feel this is a good way to do a fairly quick and easy comparison of the performance levels of these mobile CPU cores, especially since there is plenty of data in the Geekbench 3 database for just about any mobile processor that one wants to find.

Without further ado, let's get to the results. First, Qualcomm:

CPU GB3 Composite Score (single-core) Krait 200 (MSM8960) 514 Krait 300 (APQ8064) 661 Krait 400 (MSM8974) 960 Krait 450 1074

Now, Apple:

CPU GB3 Composite Score (single-core) Swift 704 Cyclone 1412 Typhoon 1624 Twister 2532

To the extent that Geekbench 3 is a reliable indication of CPU performance, it would appear Apple has managed to release faster CPUs than Qualcomm has, all at a more rapid cadence.

Devices using Qualcomm's next generation CPU core, known as Kryo, are expected to arrive in the March/April timeframe per the company's public statements. Even if Kryo were to offer similar levels of performance to Apple's Twister (possible, but my guess is that it will fall short), Apple still would have a solid six-month lead in getting a Twister-class CPU core to market in high volumes over Qualcomm.

In an industry where product cycles are about a year long, that's a not-so-trivial achievement.

All told, although I don't want to take away from Qualcomm's efforts in the mobile chip space -- it is far and away the top merchant silicon vendor -- I think the claim that Apple doesn't lead the industry, at least in terms of mobile CPU designs, doesn't hold water.

Does this matter one iota to sales?

For chip nerds such as myself, trying to get a handle on the competitive dynamics between Apple's CPU core efforts and Qualcomm's is interesting, but from a business perspective it doesn't really matter much.

I doubt that any of the millions of people who buy iPhones each year are doing so because of the CPU performance of the devices relative to the CPU performance seen in top Android devices. There are other considerations such as the industrial design, brand image, customer service, camera quality, graphics performance, battery life, and much, much more. Apple, Inc. Doesn't Need Revenue Growth to Build Shareholder Value Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is an exciting stock to own. It's one of the few stocks where the underlying business is unquestionably grade A, yet the stock trades as if the business and its prospects are subpar. Case in point: a recent Apple analyst who downgrades his expectations for the business, yet maintains an outperform rating for the stock.

A bullish downgrade?

"Apple Shares Tumble on iPhone Demand Worries," reads a headline from the Wall Street Journal that began making rounds Tuesday, as Apple shares fell about 3% on the same day. The article cited an analyst who said demand for iPhone may be weaker than expected.

"Apple has lowered its component orders by as much as 10% according to our teams in Asia," said Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha (via WSJ). The analyst cited "weak demand for the iPhone 6s launched in September," WSJ author Kristen Scholer wrote.

In light of the analyst's conclusion about Apple's component orders, Garcha now predicts Apple will sell 222 million iPhones next year, down from a prior estimate of 242 million. Further, Garcha has reduced his estimate for Apple's 2016 EPS by 6%. But here's what's interesting: In spite of meaningfully lower expectations, Garcha has opted to maintain his "outperform" rating for the stock.

The reason analysts like Garcha can remain optimistic about Apple stock even when they're less confident in the underlying business is because of the stock's conservative valuation. Trading at less than 13 times earnings, Apple doesn't need to grow revenue in order to build shareholder value. With the company's current levels of revenue and cash flow, the tech giant can generate around a 9% annual return on per-share intrinsic value simply by repurchasing shares, and paying out dividends.

Comparing Apple with McDonalds

One of my favorite ways to illustrate the value in Apple stock at less than 13 times earnings is to compare it to McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) stock. Consider McDonald's and Apple compared side by side on some key metrics:

Company Trailing-12-Month EPS Growth (YOY) Free Cash Flow-to-Sales Free Cash Flow Yield P/E Apple 43% 30% 11% 12.7 McDonald's (9%) 18% 5% 24.5

Despite Apple proving to investors it can still grow per-share value considerably, and generate loads of free cash flow (evident by the first two metrics in the table above, respectively), Apple still trades at a significant discount to McDonald's. This is clear by observing Apple's lower free cash flow yield -- measured by annual free cash flow as a percentage of market capitalization -- and its lower P/E ratio.

This isn't to say McDonald's stock is overvalued. The fast-food company obviously possesses many of the characteristics that investors who seek companies with staying power are looking for. But in just a few metrics, these comparisons make a strong case that Apple stock is undervalued.

No wonder investors can remain bullish on Apple stock, even when near-term revenue growth is uncertain: The stock's cheap valuation provides plenty of wiggle room. Apple: Sifting iPhone Sales Data  
2015-08-23
Apple, Inc. Stock Is a Steal -- And I Plan to Buy More It was only about a week ago when I last wrote about Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock trading at a deep discount. But with the stock trading even lower, the point is worth reiterating. This time, instead of using a discounted cash-flow valuation to show how cheap the stock is, let's compare it with a few other companies. How about comparing Apple with fellow megacaps McDonald's (NYSE:MCD) and IBM (NYSE:IBM)?

The underlying businesses

Apple, McDonald's, and IBM all run very different businesses. But for these gigantic cash cows, it will ultimately be their bottom-line growth that will make or break these stocks over the next decade. With this in mind, let's look at the sort of growth in earnings these companies are currently serving up investors.

McDonald's net income in the trailing 12 months is lower than net income in any year since 2007. The company's bottom line peaked in 2013 at $5.6 billion. Since then, it has trended lower, hitting $4.2 billion in the trailing 12 months. Further, McDonald's TTM EPS of $4.31 is more than a dollar below its 2013 EPS of $5.55. The weaker net income recently is driven by declining revenue, a lower gross profit margin, and rising operating expenses as a percentage of revenue.

IBM's net income in the trailing 12 months was $11.3 billion -- also its lowest since 2007. The company's bottom line peaked in 2012 at $16.6 billion and has been trending lower ever since. Further, EPS are also down substantially; after reaching highs of $14.37 and $14.94 per share in 2012 and 2013, IBM's EPS in the 12 trailing months are a much lower $11.36. Like McDonald's, declining revenue, a lower gross profit margin, and rising operating expenses as a percentage of revenue are playing a key role in driving net income lower.

Apple's earnings story is quite the opposite. In fact, it's quite astoundingly positive. TTM net income is at an all-time high, at $50.7 billion. And it's up significantly from its 2014 net income of $39.5 billion. Apple's TTM EPS of $8.65 is up sharply from $6.45 and $5.68 in 2014 and 2013, respectively. This earnings growth is driven by year-over-year revenue growth around 30% in recent quarters, a rising gross profit margin, and lower operating expenses as a percentage of revenue.

Valuation

While there's obviously more to the story than these companies' recent earnings histories, this background is enough to at least realize there's no reason Apple's price-to-earnings ratio should be lower than either of these companies. Indeed, given Apple's excellent performance in recent years, it would make sense for Apple to trade at a much greater premium to earnings than both McDonald's and IBM.

But this isn't the case at all. Today, McDonald's and IBM have P/E ratios of 22.8 and 11.4, respectively. Meanwhile, Apple's P/E ratio is just 12.5. And if we flip over to the cash flow statement, Apple stock's ridiculous fire sale is even more pronounced. Apple trades at just 8.9 times free cash flow. Compare this with McDonald's and IBM's price-to-free cash flow ratios of 11.2 and 21.4, respectively.

Sure, investors shouldn't expect Apple to continue to grow its bottom line the way it has recently in the years ahead. But the fact that it was even possible for this tech giant to deliver such incredible results for shareholders during the past year should be enough to merit a higher premium to earnings than 12.5. Further, by comparing Apple with McDonald's and IBM, it's clear the market's sell-off of Apple stock has gone too far.

I already own Apple stock, and it already represents a good chunk of my portfolio. But I'm seriously considering buying more Apple stock in the coming days. Right now, it's looking like a great buy. 
2015-10-04
Mark Your Calendar: Apple, Inc. Earnings Brace yourself. It's earnings season. Fortunately, this usually means very little for portfolio turnover -- at least for Foolish investors with their unusually long time horizons. But even if long-term investors don't plan on buying and selling amid the mostly irrational volatility, earnings season is always a good time to check in on the companies investors have in their portfolio. One such company many investors will be checking in on this month is Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), which the just announced that it's reporting its fiscal 2015 fourth-quarter results on Tuesday, Oct. 27. Here's what investors should keep an eye on when the company reports earnings.

Expectations

Heading into the announcement, analyst expectations are optimistic. On average, analysts expect Apple to report revenue and EPS of $51 billion and $1.88, respectively. These figures represent 21% and 32% year-over-year growth for EPS and revenue from the year-ago quarter.

Apple's outsized EPS growth reflects the company's continued aggressive share repurchase program. Recently, Apple has averaged about $10 billion of spending on share repurchases every quarter. And during Q4, Apple could have spent around $20 billion on share repurchases, adding even more leverage for EPS growth.

iPhone sales

As always, one key metric to watch will be iPhone sales.

For a benchmark, consider Apple's Q3 iPhone sales of 47.5 million units and its year-ago iPhone sales of 39.3 million.

How many iPhones could Apple have reasonably sold during the quarter? One clue on iPhone sales potential is Apple's revenue guidance for Q4 (provided in Apple's third-quarter report) for a 19% year-over-year increase; considering iPhone sales usually represent the majority Apple's reported revenue growth, it's reasonable to believe iPhone unit sales could increase around 15% from the year-ago quarter during Q4. This would put Apple's fourth-quarter iPhone unit sales at about 45 million -- not bad for a quarter with nearly one-year-old iPhone models and only about a week of limited availability of the new iPhone 6s and 6s Plus.

Gross profit margin

One of the interesting metrics to watch in recent quarters has been Apple's gross profit margin. Benefiting from the company's continued pricing power and soaring iPhone sales, Apple has consistently been posting positive year-over-year comparisons on this important profitability metric.

Apple expects this trend of positive gross profit margin comparisons to continue in Q4, guiding for a gross profit margin range of 38.5% to 39.5% -- above its gross profit margin of 38% in the year-ago quarter.

Revenue guidance

Considering Q1 is seasonally Apple's biggest quarter for iPhone sales every year, benefiting from both the first full quarter of availability of the tech giant's newest models and the holiday season, investors will be looking closely at the company's reported guidance.

And two items this year specifically serve to heighten the interest in guidance to be provided during Q4 for first quarter revenue.

First, investors will be wondering if the tech giant will be confident enough to guide for a year-over-year increase in revenue considering just how monstrous Apple's first-quarter was last year. In Apple's fiscal 2015 Q1, the tech giant reported year-over-year revenue growth of 30%, helped by a 46% year-over-year increase in iPhone sales. Can Apple top this huge quarter?

Second, Apple has a new product this holiday quarter: the Apple Watch. With supply in full swing and some recent key updates to the watch, including the introduction of gold and rose gold colors for the Apple Watch Sport line, will the new product help Apple's revenue comparisons? Or will its share of revenue be too small to notice?

Check in on Apple's fourth-quarter earnings after market close on Oct. 27 and tune in to the company's live earnings call at 5 p.m. ET. 
2015-03-26
Apple's Tim Cook leads different Tim Cook assumed he was ready for the harsh glare that shines on Apple s ( aapl ) CEO. He had, after all, filled in for Jobs three times during the Apple founder s medical leaves of absence. Cook ultimately became the company s chief executive six weeks before Jobs died, in October 2011.

What Cook found out instead is that there is no preparation for the scrutiny that comes with succeeding a legend.  I have thick skin,  he says,  but it got thicker. What I learned after Steve passed away, what I had known only at a theoretical level, an academic level maybe, was that he was an incredible heat shield for us, his executive team. None of us probably appreciated that enough because it s not something we were fixated on. We were fixated on our products and running the business. But he really took any kind of spears that were thrown. He took the praise as well. But to be honest, the intensity was more than I would ever have expected. 

Cook s reflection on his trial by fire comes at an other-wise triumphant moment. On this sunny Sunday in March, he is taking a breather from rehearsals for the event the next day in which he will reveal details of the Apple Watch, the first all-new device of his tenure as CEO. Sitting under a canopy at an outdoor caf  in San Francisco, steps from the auditorium where Apple will put on the product-reveal spectacle, Cook, 54, nibbles on snacks as he reflects on the 31/2 years that he has run Apple. He s heard the repeated refrains that  Apple can t innovate under Tim,  that the company needed a low-cost iPhone to thwart the progress of Google s Android, that Cook never could replicate the Jobs magic and therefore that Apple never again would be  insanely great. 

Cook taught himself, he says, to block out the noise.  I thought I was reasonable at that before, but I ve had to become great at it. You pick up certain skills when the truck is running across your back. Maybe this will be something great that I ll use in other aspects of my life over time. 

Already there is tangible evidence that the tread marks left no permanent scars. No one will be able to say for quite a while whether the Apple Watch or new services like Apple Pay or the $3 billion acquisition of headphone maker and music service Beats last year will prove financially successful. What can be said is that each in its own way constitutes proof that Apple is moving forward under its first nonfounder CEO since Gil Amelio got the ax in 1997. What s more, those moves and others speak volumes about Cook s leadership, at least measured against the widespread assumption that he would simply mind the company Jobs left in his custody.

Courtesy of Apple

In fact, there s little debate that the state of Apple under Cook is fundamentally sound. Its stock has soared from a split-adjusted $54 to a recent $126 since Jobs died, translating into a market capitalization well north of $700 billion, the first company to cross that level. Indeed, its market value is more than double that of either Exxon Mobil or Microsoft. At the same time, Apple s cash hoard has tripled since 2010, to more than $150 billion. (That s despite the fact that Apple has spent a total of $92.6 billion in dividends and buybacks under Cook, all the more noteworthy because Jobs frowned on distributing cash to shareholders.) Apple has defended its high-end turf in smartphones, especially in China, where it sold $38 billion of merchandise overall in 2014. Cook has handled the occasional product snafu Apple Maps comes to mind with candor and humility. As well, he largely has held together the long-tenured management team he inherited from Jobs, augmenting it with a few key players and owning up to the occasional hiring blunder.

Remarkably, Cook has come into his own as a high-profile leader of Apple, not merely tolerating the spotlight but leaning into it to focus attention on issues of importance to him and his company. His decision last October to announce publicly that he is gay instantly made the onetime low-profile and exceedingly private executive a global role model. It also made him the only openly gay CEO in the Fortune 500. And Cook has used the pulpit provided him by Apple s worldwide platform to opine on subjects as diverse as human rights, access to education, female representation on Wall Street, immigration reform, and privacy rights. He even ventured into the heart of the Deep South, to the capital of his home state of Alabama, to lament the sorry state of racial equality there.

Cook has differentiated himself from Jobs in myriad ways, and not merely with his willingness to speak out on societal issues. Cook, who joined Apple from Compaq Computer in 1998, came from an operations background and had spent the formative years of his career at IBM. At Apple that means he s not what company executives like to call a  subject-matter expert  on such critical areas as product development, design, and marketing. Consequently he behaves much more like a coach who trusts his players than the manipulative mastermind Jobs was.

David Paul Morris Getty Images

The result has been a level of stability in the senior management ranks few expected.  He never tried to be Steve,  says Eddy Cue, senior vice president for Internet software and services, who joined Apple in 1989.  He tried to always be himself. He has been very good at letting us do our thing. He s aware and involved at the high end, and he gets involved as needed. Steve got involved at the pixel level. 

There is no model, of course, for following someone like Jobs, a founder-entrepreneur widely regarded for a ruthless impulsiveness that repeatedly resulted in greatness. What s more, three-plus years of steady success is no guarantee for the future. Says Michael Useem, the prominent Wharton management professor and director of the school s Center for Leadership and Change Management:  In my own small world the question of whether Cook can sustain Apple s momentum comes up more often than just about any other question on top management these days. 

For his part, Cook says he has grasped that more important than answering his critics is learning to ignore them.  I m not running for office,  he says.  I don t need your vote. I have to feel myself doing what s right. If I m the arbiter of that instead of letting the guy on TV be that or someone who doesn t know me at all, then I think that s a much better way to live. 

Cook s defiant, confident tone reflects the CEO he has become. No one guards Apple s distinct corporate culture a culture designed by Jobs more fiercely than Cook. Yet he also is gradually tweaking Apple at its edges, leading the company where he wants to take it, adding his unique perspective, and subtly but clearly redefining Apple in his image. It isn t clear if Jobs would have approved or disapproved. But the enigmatic founder himself, in his dying days, told Cook that he shouldn t obsess over trying to channel Jobs when making decisions. Given that, the question of what Jobs would have thought of where Cook is leading the company is, in the end, beside the point.

Moments of Truth

Richard Tedlow taught the history of business at Harvard for 31 years. He developed an expertise on the technology industry, penning books about the Watson family s turbulent stewardship of IBM and a biography of the mercurial CEO of Intel, Andy Grove. Today Tedlow teaches at Apple University, the in-house education unit Jobs established before his death. Apple University isn t a typical managementtraining arm, and Tedlow calls it the  Think Different corporate university,  a nod to the famous advertising campaign Jobs orchestrated in the late 1990s. Its goal is to document for its employees Apple s peculiar ways as well as to ensure that the company s people consider non-Apple perspectives that will help them think critically and remain open to new ideas.

Angela Ahrendts, Jony Ive, Eddy Cue, Jeff Williams, Lisa Jackson Courtesy of Apple

Tedlow calls the school a  therapeutic alliance between technology and the liberal arts.  Its courses on topics seemingly far removed from the business of computers and gadgets unsubtly reinforce Apple s view of itself. For example, the Stanford political philosopher Joshua Cohen has lectured about pianist Glenn Gould s meticulous effort to record and then re-record the famous Bach Goldberg Variations. Jobs  famous obsession with the perfect screws on the inside of the original Mac can t be far from an Apple student s mind.

The course Tedlow has been teaching lately is called Moments of Truth. It features a discussion of Abraham Lincoln s famous  with malice toward none  second inaugural address, which he made into  a moment not of retribution but of reconciliation,  says Tedlow. The 67-year-old former academic, who has remained almost completely out of the public s eye since joining Apple, also includes Margaret Thatcher s decision to commit to battle in the Falkland Islands and Johnson & Johnson CEO James Burke s handling of the Tylenol bottle-tampering crisis.

Tedlow draws a straight line from the moments of truth of Lincoln and others to the situation Cook faced when Jobs died. Sure, leading a beloved gadget maker isn t quite on par with reuniting a great nation ripped asunder by a bloody civil war. But the emotional parallels resonate.  I certainly think he had to come onboard and take the weight of everybody s expectations,  says Tedlow. At a memorial service for employees in the courtyard of Apple s Cupertino, Calif., campus, Cook told the company,  Our best days are ahead of us  a difficult message to deliver at that moment and one Tedlow compares to Lincoln s trying to reassure a war-weary and deeply divided nation.

Convincing anyone that the post-Jobs era held great promise was a tough sell for Cook. The company had few headline-level innovations on the near-term horizon. At a product launch the day before Jobs  death, for example, the voice-recognition application Siri was one of the company s few hints at something new. Yet Siri represented Apple playing catch-up to a feature Google s Android already offered. Worse, it wasn t particularly good. Siri quickly became the butt of jokes at Apple s expense for its frequent inability to understand its user.

A year later Apple was in hot water for another weak product, its version of mobile mapping. Apple had booted Google Maps from the prime position on the iPhone in favor of its own version. But Apple Maps was riddled with errors, comically leading users to wrong destinations. The product was so lame that Cook publicly told customers he was  extremely sorry  for the debacle. He recommended that they use Google Maps, among other products, instead. A short time later Cook fired Scott Forstall, the head of mobile software and a longtime Jobs acolyte.

In early 2013, Cook confronted another senior management challenge. His highest-profile hire from outside Apple had been John Browett, the former head of the U.K.-based discount electronics chain Dixon s. The chief of a low-end retailer was a curious choice for the head of Apple s high-touch retail operation. (Ron Johnson, the former Target executive who had run the Apple Stores division since its inception, had by this time left Apple and later signed on as CEO of J.C. Penney.) Browett didn t fit in at Apple he angered store employees by changing scheduling practices, for example and Cook dumped him in March 2013. (Browett later acknowledged in a speech that it was a shock to be let go not because he was incompetent but because he didn t gel with the Apple culture. Reached for comment, he declined to elaborate.)

Looking back, Cook sees the episode as part of his education as CEO.  That was a reminder to me of the critical importance of cultural fit, and that it takes some time to learn that,  he says. As CEO,  you re engaged in so many things that each particular thing gets a little less attention. You need to be able to operate on shorter cycles, less data points, less knowledge, less facts. When you re an engineer, you want to analyze things a lot. But if you believe that the most important data points are people, then you have to make conclusions in relatively short order. Because you want to push the people who are doing great. And you want to either develop the people who are not or, in a worst case, they need to be somewhere else. 

Another challenge for Cook was figuring out how to deliver Apple s message when its new products simply weren t ready to be discussed. At a technology industry conference in mid-2013, for instance, Cook was so elusive that investors openly questioned whether he had a vision for the company. Apple s stock by that time had fallen back to the level at which it had traded when Cook took over.

Photograph by Joe Pugliese

All the while, behind closed doors, Cook was shoring up his management team as the company was working on the new products the world so badly wanted. In late 2013 he lured the CEO of Burberry, Angela Ahrendts, to head Apple s retail stores. A year later Apple launched the large-screen iPhone 6 and its even bigger iPhone 6 Plus. It also unveiled a new payment system, Apple Pay, and its soon-to-be-shipped Apple Watch. The new iPhones, more than anything else, put Apple back on its upward trajectory. It sold a stunning 74.5 million of them in the last quarter of 2014, as the company generated $18 billion in profits, sending the stock price on an upward tear.

The success has allowed Cook to take mistakes in stride. In late 2014 a glassmaker called GT Advanced Technologies, which Apple had contracted with to make a next-generation screen for its devices, declared bankruptcy when Apple declined to use its product. GTAT, as it is known, filed suit against Apple, claiming that its finances were ruined because of investments it made to fulfill the Apple contract. Apple, for its part, said it was blindsided by GTAT s bankruptcy. The two sides eventually settled, and Apple committed to building a data center and solar farm on the company s former manufacturing site in Arizona. Apple also was forced to take a major write-off for the debacle it won t say how large a painful screwup for a company that regularly commits billions of dollars to its manufacturing processes. Jeff Williams, senior vice president of operations and Cook s successor in that role, says Cook told him three things after the lawsuit.  When I informed Tim of the problem, his response was,  Let s see what we can learn from it. We re not going to bat a thousand. And we re going to keep betting on great technologies for our customers.   

Cook s measured emotional approach in leading Apple is markedly different from his predecessor s, but the focus on core products and a long-term orientation are exactly the same. In that context, it isn t critical that Apple Pay or the new wristwatch amount to giant profit drivers.  I have a simplified view of Apple,  says Jean-Louis Gass e, an Apple executive in the 1980s who now writes a widely read weekly column on Apple in the email newsletter The Monday Note .  They have and always have had one business, personal computers. Now they make them in three sizes, small, medium, and large the iPhone, the iPad, and notebook and desktop computers. Everything else, including Apple Watch in the case of the iPhone, exists to push up the margins of those products.  To Gass e s way of thinking, Apple s strategy under Cook resembles the digital-hub strategy Jobs put into place 15 years ago, where products like iTunes drove sales of the iPod and ultimately the Mac.  Tim is playing the long game in his own way,  he says.

Cook frames the debate in terms of how investors ought to view Apple.  The kind of investors we seek are long term because that s how we make our decisions,  he says.  If you re a short-term investor, obviously you ve got the right to buy the stock and trade it the way you want. It s your decision. But I want everybody to know that s not how we run the company. 

Putting His Life in View

In his early performances at the helm of Apple product launches and other public events, Tim Cook came off as wooden. But then, no matter how well he had done, he would have compared unfavorably with Jobs, a virtuoso of the keynote presentation. As time has passed, however, Cook has clearly settled into the role. At the watch event, he emceed with a natural smile on his face. When he hugged the fashion model and maternal-health advocate Christy Turlington Burns who has been using an Apple Watch on long-distance runs there was nothing awkward about their interaction.

Cook even seems to be enjoying himself. The day after the product launch, he presided over Apple s annual meeting in Cupertino, a tedious chore most CEOs endure rather than relish. Cook, on the other hand, visibly cottoned to the give-and-take with shareholders, answering questions in a folksy manner and amiably avoiding the ones he didn t want to address. After twice sidestepping questions about whether Apple would buy the much-admired and rather Apple-like automaker Tesla Motors, he playfully praised himself for artfully not taking the bait.  There s some advantage to being CEO,  he quipped.

While being CEO allows Cook the luxury of swatting away unwanted questions, it also gives him a powerful platform to address a host of other issues even if they aren t directly related to Apple. In late October his home state inducted him into its Alabama Academy of Honor. It chose Cook to represent his class which included University of Alabama head football coach Nick Saban and Sen. Jeff Sessions as the sole speaker at the ceremony, a decision some came to regret. Cook moved quickly beyond platitudes and used the occasion to lambaste Alabama for its slowness to act on racial equality, on educational opportunity, and on equality for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender people.  This isn t right,  he said.  It isn t reflective of our values. 

A local television station captured an awkward moment afterward between Cook and the Republican governor of Alabama, Robert Bentley, who audibly took umbrage at Cook s comments. Don Logan, an Alabamian who is a former CEO of Time Inc. (Fortune  s owner), was in the audience at the state capitol in Montgomery.  Tim is a very courageous guy,  says Logan, a fellow Auburn University alum, who notes that the state legislature had only recently passed a bill to not allow gay marriage.  He knew he was speaking into the wind and that most people in the room didn t agree with him. 

A few days later Cook announced publicly, in an essay in Bloomberg Businessweek , that he is gay. With no further comment from him or Apple, the disclosure set off a media frenzy, most of it favorable. Looking back, he says that he primarily acted out of concern for kids who were bullied at school, some to the point of suicide, and because of the many states that still allow employers to fire workers over their sexual orientation. Also, whereas U.S. courts were moving surprisingly quickly on the issue,  I didn t feel like business was exactly leading the way in the executive suite. 

 I m not running for office. I don t need your vote. I have to feel myself doing what s right. If I m the arbiter of that,  says Cook, rather than worrying about what critics say about his decisions,  then I think that s a much better way to live.  Courtesy of Apple

Cook says that he d come to the decision of coming out  quite some time ago  and that his announcement was viewed internally at Apple, where his sexual orientation was more or less well known, as a  yawner.  Speaking out so publicly was a big step for Cook, though, who has described himself as intensely private and who is rare among big-company CEOs for being genuinely ill at ease talking about himself.  To be honest, if I would not have come to the conclusion that it would likely help other people, I would have never done it,  he says.  There s no joy in me putting my life in view.  Referencing the often-cited line that  to whom much is given, much is required,  Cook says,  I ve certainly been given a lot. 

The move made Cook famous for more than being the person running Steve Jobs  company. Mike Sullivan is a San Francisco lawyer with the global law firm Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman who advises startup technology companies. Like Cook, he views his sexual orientation as a point of pride and affiliation but something that doesn t define him professionally.  We have 500 CEOs in the Fortune 500 out there, and I can guarantee you some of them are gay,  he says.  The message Tim sent is,  It s okay to be yourself. You don t have to lead with it. But you don t have to hide it either.   

Cook has become so ubiquitous that it s tough to remember when he wasn t so visible. On an early March trip to Europe he huddled in Berlin with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and in Brussels with Andrus Ansip, the former Prime Minister of Estonia and now the European Commission s top regulator on digital issues. He is featured in a new book by the former Fortune journalists Brent Schlender and Rick Tetzeli, who report that Cook offered Jobs a piece of his healthy liver for a transplant. (Jobs turned him down.) In March, Cook even phoned in to a surprised and delighted Jim Cramer during a live airing of the 10th anniversary of the broadcaster s financial shoutfest on CNBC.

Representing their companies publicly is obligatory for CEOs, but Cook takes public stands on issues including stopping the transmission of AIDS, human rights, and immigration reform. He sees them as opportunities for leadership.  You want to be the pebble in the pond that creates the ripple for change,  he says, adding that Apple s people have long cared about such issues even if they haven t previously spoken so openly about them. To Cook, changing the world always has been higher on Apple s agenda than making money. He plans to give away all his wealth, after providing for the college education of his 10-year-old nephew. There should be plenty left over to fund philanthropic projects. Cook s net worth, based on his holdings of Apple stock, is currently about $120 million. He also holds restricted stock worth $665 million if it were to be fully vested. Cook says that he has already begun donating money quietly, but that he plans to take time to develop a systematic approach to philanthropy rather than simply writing checks.

An irony of Cook s Apple is that the company is becoming visibly more open under its guarded CEO than it was under the publicity-savvy demigod who ran Apple before him. Whereas Jobs severely restricted interactions between all his employees and the press, Cook has ushered in a period of glasnost with the news media. It is highly unlikely that Jobs would have tolerated, for example, The New Yorker  s recent 16,000-word profile of Jony Ive, Apple s chief designer. Cook says such exposure is part of his plan.  My objective is to raise the public profile of several of the folks on the executive team, and others as well. Because I think that s good for Apple at the end of the day. 

The new openness serves two purposes. First, it ensures that the world continues to talk about Apple. Granting a longer leash to executives with healthy egos also is a valuable retention tool.  A true coach is happy with his star players getting media time,  says Gass e, the ex-Apple executive.  Tim Cook is a true impresario who takes care of his prime donne. As long as the box office is good, the impresario will do that. 

Building for the Future

Tim cook is standing atop a giant mountain of dirt. He has come to tour the construction site in Cupertino that by the end of 2016, if all goes as planned, will be Apple s new corporate campus. The dirt has been excavated from the massive pit below, and the pile is just about eye level with where the rooftop will be over the four-story, ringed building that will soon rise here. The building s doughnut-shaped design has sparked many comparisons to a spaceship. Looking down as trucks and workers scurry to and fro, Cook begins to talk about one of the subjects that really gets him going: where people work. It always amazes him, he says, how drab workspaces are in metropolitan office skyscrapers. Apple s new home will not be like that.  It shouldn t be a place that doesn t turn on your creative juices,  he says, musing about how future college recruits will feel when they first visit. Visible in the distance are Apple s existing Cupertino campus, downtown San Jose, and Levi s Stadium, where the San Francisco 49ers play and which, incidentally, would fit into the 30-acre park that will be at the center of the main spaceship building.

The building site of what will be Apple s new corporate campus, photographed March 3, 2015. Cook calls the high-tech complex  the mother of all products.  Courtesy of Apple

Steve Jobs spent a considerable amount of the last two years of his life planning the campus, including hiring the British architect Norman Foster to design it. Everything about the site is large scale, and Cook, a numbers man, can recite most of the figures by heart. The main building itself will be 2.8 million square feet and will house 13,000 employees. About 2,000 more workers will fill up adjacent buildings on the site, which will include a 100,000-square-foot fitness and wellness center, a caf  that will serve 15,000 lunches a day, and more than 8,000 trees, all native to the Santa Clara Valley.

Cook visits the work site periodically

 including twice already with Apple s board and he exhibits an engineer s glee at watching the 22 construction cranes that dot the landscape. He says Apple hasn t decided yet exactly what it will call  Apple Campus 2,  the current internal designation. Some naming element of the buildings or the entire locale will almost certainly include an homage to Jobs, depending on his family s wishes, says Cook.

On a 90-minute tour of the site, Cook dishes out details of the campus, which he calls  the mother of all products.  For instance, Apple is investing in cutting-edge technology to manage tasks as mundane as parking. A system of sensors and apps will play traffic cop for employees as they enter the facility, eliminating the fuel-wasting hunt for a parking place. Just as it has done for its retail stores, Apple has built entire mockups of wings of the building to see how they look and then torn them down. As to why Apple isn t building higher than four stories, the same height as its existing campus, Cook says,  When we mocked up five we didn t like the looks of it.  He is particularly excited about the mostly below-ground, 1,000-seat auditorium in the southeast corner of the campus, which will be the company s new site for all its public presentations other than its annual developers conference.  No more scheduling months ahead of time around other people s schedules,  says Cook enthusiastically.

In talking about the new campus, Cook is particularly ornery about one label for it.  I hate the word  headquarters,    he says.  There s real work going on here. It isn t overhead, and we re not bureaucrats.  Indeed, among Apple s employees there is considerable speculation as to which groups will be assigned to the new building and which will be relegated to the existing real estate.  We ve decided three times,  says Cook.  And we ll probably decide it three times more. 

On the drive back to Cook s current office at 1 Infinite Loop, his Apple Watch emits a chiming sound that sounds like the ding! from a symphonic triangle. Cook is wearing the entry-level Sport version of the watch, with a white plastic wristband. It s the first time in nearly two hours that he s received a notification, and he says it s a text message from his assistant that Al Gore, an Apple board member, would like to speak with him.

The electronic interruption doesn t require Cook to extract his iPhone from his pocket, one of the key attributes Apple believes will drive adoption of the watch. It does give him an opportunity to show off some of the watch s features, including the iconic Mickey Mouse watch face, cleverly updated so that the Disney mascot cheerfully taps his feet at the rate of one per second. A self-described fitness nut, Cook proudly shows off his daily physical activity as measured by the watch. So far he has clocked 50 minutes of exercise and has traveled 8,139 steps, or about four miles. An early riser, he has been on his feet for 12 hours, and it s not quite 3:30 p.m. His workday, and his job leading Apple, are far from over.

Check out our World's 50 Greatest Leaders list here.

This story is from the April 1, 2015 issue of Fortune. It originally stated that the Siri product launch occurred days after Steve Jobs died. The event was the day before his death. Analysts Remain Bullish as Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rumors Stir Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) never ceases to impress the public with new innovations and acquisitions. This week, Apple has been causing a stir with its rumored entrance into the electric car market, and a new music streaming service.

Apple has neither confirmed nor denied suspicions of developing an electric car, but reports claim that Apple is already receiving materials to build them. Apple has been competing with Tesla for talented employees, but onlookers are still unsure if Apple is building its own car or an Apple entertainment system.

The tech giant is also in the midst of creating a music streaming service that would compete with Spotify. Apple purchased Beats headphones for $3 billion last year, an acquisition which will help Apple build its music service. Trent Reznor, the frontman for the band Nine Inch Nails and Beats executive officer, is reportedly taking on a lead role in the project. Apple s goal for the service is to provide the same music at a lower cost than competitors, but Apple is struggling to persuade record labels to discount licensing costs.

Analysts Commentary

On March 26, analyst Kulbinder Garcha of Credit Suisse maintained an Outperform rating on Apple and raised his price target from $140 to $145. Garcha is bullish on the stock due to iPhone strength in the near term, which is being driven by the continued popularity of the iPhone 6/+. The analyst projects 60 million iPhones sales for March and predicts iPhone sales growing from 193 million in 2014, to 236 million in 2015, to 238 million in 2016. Garcha also has high expectations for the Apple Watch, predicting that 10% of iPhone owners demonstrate a preference to buy it. This comes to about 40 million Apple Watches; double Apple s estimate of 20 million.

Kulbinder Garcha has rated Apple 38 times since March 2011, earning an 80% success rate recommending the tech giant with a +26.3% average return per Apple recommendation. Overall, Garcha has a 54% success rate recommending stocks with an +8.7% average return per recommendation.

According to SmarterAnalyst, analyst Brian White of Cantor Fitzgerald reiterated a Buy rating on Apple on March 23 and raised his price target from $160 to $180. White noted the release of the Apple Watch will signify Apples  first new product category in five years.  White is also optimistic about the future growth of the iPhone, commenting that  Apple s iPhone portfolio and position in China have never been stronger.  Lastly, the analyst added that Apple has diligently demonstrated  its commitment to returning cash to shareholders  and he expects more in April.

Brian White has rated Apple 105 times since October 2010, earning a 79% success rate recommending the tech giant with a 29.3% average return per rating. Overall, White has a 66% success rate recommending stocks with a +17.2% average return per recommendation.

On average, the top analyst consensus for Apple on TipRanks is Moderate Buy. 
2015-12-21
I Was Wrong About Apple, Inc.'s iPad A long time ago on a website very close to here, I made a prediction about Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). It was 2013, three years after the first iPad was launched, and at the time the new tablet was seeing adoption soar faster than any Apple product before it. Yes, even faster than the iPhone.

Meanwhile, I had observed that throughout Apple's history, different products have taken turns being the primary revenue driver over the years. Every time that Apple entered a new product category, that new product category would soon become the primary sales driver. The Mac, iPod, and iPhone each took their respective turns, although the iPod's turn was relatively short-lived. These inflection points came every few years, and I believed that the iPad was well on its way to becoming Apple's next big revenue driver.

I was wrong.

A trip down memory lane

At the time, I put together two charts based on historical data as evidence for this argument. First was how the primary revenue driver had changed over the years.

And I looked at how iPad unit sales had taken off faster than any product before it.

It didn't seem that far-fetched considering the trajectories at the time, although with the benefit of hindsight it was perhaps too early to call since the iPad had only been available for three years. In the nearly three years since that prediction, things have changed. A lot.

Back to the future

Apple has since stopped reporting iPod results, as the music player's financial significant has expectedly withered even further. But here's how the Mac, iPhone, and iPad stack up in relative importance, as measured as a percentage of trailing 12-month sales.

As you can see, the iPhone has only gotten stronger and more dominant as the primary revenue driver, currently comprising two-thirds of TTM sales. The Mac and the iPad are at 11% and 10%, respectively. While we're at it, here's an updated chart of unit volumes following launch.

After the iPad sprinted out of the gate initially, unit sales have been trending lower for the past couple of years, while the iPhone continues to march skyward.

At this point, it doesn't seem that the iPad will ever have a chance at being the primary revenue driver. Not that the iPad really has to, but I just thought it would. All of Apple's product lines are highly complementary and incrementally feed into its broader ecosystem, and while the iPad has seen better days, it still has opportunities ahead. The iPad's not going anywhere. What's next for Apple? The following is a script from "Inside Apple" which aired on Dec. 20, 2015. Charlie Rose is the correspondent. Michael Radutzky, Andrew Bast and Glen Rochkind, producers.

Apple is one of the most interesting business stories in generations and it finds itself at the heart of some of the biggest issues facing American companies today: the way terrorists may be using encrypted technology to plot attacks, the battle over the corporate tax rate, and the challenges of working in China. We talked about all of that with Apple CEO Tim Cook as part of a journey through the world's biggest and richest company.

CBS News

What is it that makes Apple so innovative and so profitable, and yet so secretive, almost obsessively secretive? Apple agreed to let us in, to an extent, beginning at the annual launch in September of Apple's new products.

[Backstage: Go!

Tim Cook taking stage: Thank you! Thank you! It's really been an incredible year for Apple.]

Tim Cook has been running Apple for the past four years, but for most of the 15 years before that...

[Steve Jobs taking the stage at a product launch event: We've had some real, revolutionary products...]

...the stage belonged to Apple's late cofounder Steve Jobs.

[Steve Jobs: We're going to make some history together today...]

Jobs transformed the computer from a cumbersome machine into perhaps the most personal and sleek consumer product of all time. The iPhone is 12,000 times more powerful than the original Macintosh, and next year it will have sold one billion units. Following Steve Jobs was one of the most challenging successions imaginable, a daunting responsibility for the man he handpicked --- Tim Cook.

Tim Cook: I've never met anyone on the face of the earth like him before. And it was a privilege--

Charlie Rose: "I've never met anyone on the face of the earth--

Tim Cook: No one.

Charlie Rose: --like him?"

Tim Cook: No one.

Charlie Rose: Not one person?

Tim Cook: Not one.

Charlie Rose: Who had?

Tim Cook: Who had this incredible and uncanny ability to see around the corner. Who had this relentless driving force for perfection.

The spirit of Steve Jobs hovers over Apple. He was a founder like no other: a volatile visionary capable of creating products people wanted before they even knew it. Cook is a measured and passionate engineer from Alabama. On the Apple campus, employees still talk about Steve Jobs in the same way that Tim Cook does.

Tim Cook: It's a bar of excellence that merely good isn't good enough. It has to be great. As Steve used to say, "Insanely great."

Charlie Rose: You believe you can do things other companies can't do.

Tim Cook: You do. You do. We all do. And we have. Fortunately.

It begins on the Apple campus at 9 a.m. every Monday morning at the executive team meeting.

Charlie Rose: I'm from 60 Minutes and I'm in search of the brains at Apple, and someone said go in this room and you'll find them.

Tim Cook: No, no, this is not the place.

Attendance is mandatory. If you are in this room you are one of the most important people at Apple. They wouldn't let us attend the meeting, but they were eager to tell us what they like so much about their company. That's Jeff Williams, officially named the new chief operating officer this week. That's Eddy Cue. He is the guy who helped create iTunes.

"This is Steve's company. This is still Steve's company. It was born that way, it's still that way. And so his spirit I think will always be the DNA of this company."

Eddy Cue: It's amazing to be able to work in a place where you're building products that everybody in the world uses. Whether it's a two-year-old or 100-year-old, they get to experience the products that we're building and that's amazing.

Charlie Rose: Is the DNA of Steve Jobs baked deeply into everything just said?

Tim Cook: It is. It is. This is Steve's company. This is still Steve's company. It was born that way, it's still that way. And so his spirit I think will always be the DNA of this company.

And if there was anyone at Apple who comes close to sharing Jobs' DNA it would be this man, Jony Ive, Apple's chief design officer. He's considered by many at Apple to be the most important person at the company. EveryAapple device on the market today was either created or inspired by this reserved and polite son of a British silversmith. We met Ive in his design studio, but Apple's preoccupation with secrecy allowed us to see only so much.

CBS News

Charlie Rose: What's interesting in this room is that I see these covers over some of these desks. You know, why is that?

Jony Ive: That's so you can't see what's underneath it, Charlie.

Charlie Rose: What? Meaning if I could see what's underneath it, I would know where the future is of Apple?

Jony Ive: You'd know what we're working on next. And so that's one of the reasons that, that, that it's extraordinarily rare that people come into the design studio.

Charlie Rose: And that's why you don't like people in this room, period.

Jony Ive: That's right. We don't like people in this room, period.

Ive's team of 22 designers are a very close group --- in 15 years only two have left the company.

We noticed that Ive's studio is quiet and looks a lot like an Apple store. No coincidence, Ive designed both around his signature wooden tables. Here, Ive and his team create prototypes of future products before the specifications are sent overseas to be manufactured. With the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the design team made 10 different-sized models before deciding which worked best.

Jony Ive: And we chose these two because partly they just felt right, they somehow, not from a tactile point of view. But just emotionally they felt like a good size.

Charlie Rose: Do you do this about every product, this amount of dedication to emotional context?

Jony Ive: This is the tip of the iceberg. Because we've found that different textures considerably impact your perception of the object, of the product, what it's like to hold, and what it's like to feel. So the only way that we know how to resolve, and address, and develop all of those issues is to make models is to make prototypes.

Ive also showed us how he prototyped the Apple Watch. It begins with a sketch of the watch casing. Then a computer-aided-design specialist transforms the sketch into a 3-dimensional electronic blueprint. That is sent to this high-precision milling device known as a CNC machine.

Jony Ive: We attach to this fixture in there a block of aluminum. And the cutter that you can see there in this CNC machine is now machining incredibly accurately-- the form-- at the back of the watch--

Charlie Rose: And creating the round edges.

Jony Ive: Yeah. And all of the tiniest details as well.

Once it's been carved, the prototype of the watch casing is sanded and polished by hand by veteran craftsmen. Ive's team oversees every design detail, including testing hundreds of different hues and shades of red, blue, and yellow for the watch bands.

Jony Ive: All of these things I think in aggregate, if we manage to get them right, you sort of sense that it's an authentic, really thoughtfully conceived object.

Ive described the process that comes next --- turning a prototype into a working product requires a high level of complex engineering. When he wanted to make the new Macbook Apple's thinnest and lightest laptop ever, Ive worked with Apple's head of hardware engineering Dan Riccio to create a battery powerful enough to last all day but also small enough to fit into Ive's slim case design.

Dan Riccio: Every tenth of a millimeter in our products is sacred.

Charlie Rose: Every tenth of a millimeter is sacred--

Dan Riccio: With this design, it involved, you know, mechanical designers, toolmakers chemists, and it also involved software engineers to go off and design a pack that would fit within the surfaces with-- of the product, but still work reliably.

One of the most complex engineering challenges at Apple involves the iPhone camera, the most used feature of any Apple product. That's the entire camera you're looking at in my hand.

Charlie Rose: How many parts are in here?

Graham Townsend: There's over 200 separate individual parts in this-- in that one module there.

Graham Townsend is in charge of a team of 800 engineers and other specialists dedicated solely to the camera. He showed us a micro suspension system that steadies the camera when your hand shakes.

Graham Townsend: This whole sus-- autofocus motor here is suspended on four wires. And you'll see them coming in. And here we are. Four-- These are 40-micron wires, less than half a human hair's width. And that holds that whole suspension and moves it in X and Y. So that allows us to stabilize for the hand shake.

In the camera lab, engineers calibrate the camera to perform in any type of lighting.

Graham Townsend: Go to bright bright noon. And there you go. Sunset now. There you go. So, there's very different types of quality of lighting, from a morning, bright sunshine, for instance, the noonday light. And then finally maybe--

Charlie Rose: Sunset, dinner--

Graham Townsend: We can simulate all those here. Believe it or not, to capture one image, 24 billion operations go on.

Charlie Rose: Twenty-four billion operations going on--

Graham Townsend: Just for one picture--

The company is known for focusing as much energy on how products are marketed and sold as it does on the way they're designed and built. We weren't sure what to make of it when Apple took us to this unmarked warehouse off the main campus. Inside we found yet another prototype --- a mock store where Apple's head of retail Angela Ahrendts is continually refining new designs for Apple's 469 stores worldwide.

CBS News

Charlie Rose: How many iterations of what I'm looking at have you gone through?

Angela Ahrendts: I mean, honestly there are meetings in here every single week. And there's a floor set. We use this as a stage, and we say, "This is rehearsal."

Ahrendts wants customers to be transfixed from the moment they walk through the doors.

Angela Ahrendts: The most important goal is, is that it is dynamic. People are used to living on their phone. So they're used to being dynamic, emotive, immersive. And so how do we make sure when they walk into a store they say, "Wow"?

Apple's huge profit margins --- roughly 40 percent across the board --- have made it the most valuable company in the world, worth about $600 billion. People may love their Apple products, but if there is one complaint you hear a lot, it's that by the time you buy one, a newer, better version is already on the way. Apple's head of marketing Phil Schiller admits that the company often pits one product against another.

Charlie Rose: Is there danger of one product cannibalizing the other product?

Phil Schiller: It's not a danger, it's almost by design. You need each of these products to try to fight for their space, their time with you. The iPhone has to become so great that you don't know why you want an iPad. The iPad has to be so great that you don't know why you why you want a notebook. The notebook has to be so great, you don't know why you want a desktop. Each one's job is to compete with the other ones.

The first new product to come from Apple since Tim Cook took over as CEO was the Apple Watch.

There is intense speculation about everything Apple does, including that the watch may not be the breakout product Apple had hoped. It has been on the market for eight months, but Apple has not released any sales figures.

Charlie Rose: You think it's a product that needs improvement?

Tim Cook: I think all products are--going to be--

Charlie Rose: I know that. Of course I know that.

Tim Cook: Yeah. And-- I think the watch is no exception to that, is we're-- we're gonna--continue to fine tune--

Charlie Rose: So you're disappointed--in some of the things.

Tim Cook: I'm not disappointed in it. It's every par--

Charlie Rose: But you saw room to improve it?

Tim Cook: Charlie, when we launch a product, we're already working on the next one. And possibly even the next, next one. And so yes, we always see things we can do.

[Tim Cook: This is the future of television, coming now.]

And then there is Apple TV and suggestions that Apple wants to do much more in the television business... as well as speculation about Apple developing a car. But Tim Cook is keeping that a secret too.

Charlie Rose: How hard is it to say Apple will be in the car business?

Tim Cook: (Laughs)

Charlie Rose: But OK, how hard is it to say yes we've done this, we're looking it, we may very well go there, how hard is that?

Tim Cook: One of the great things about Apple is probably have more secrecy here than the CIA.

Whatever secret products Apple may be working on, no one feels the pressure to deliver more than Jony Ive.

Charlie Rose: Is there any possibility that Apple can get too rich and too fat and too complacent?

Jony Ive: That possibility absolutely exists. I think one of the things that characterizes the way that we work is that our heads tend to be down at these tables worrying about what we're doing. And our heads don't tend to be up, looking around at what we've--

Charlie Rose: Thinking how great we are, what we achieved?

Jony Ive: Yeah. And we're more aware of the distance between us and the perfection that we're chasing than ever before.

Apple has one million people manufacturing its products in China. Why doesn't it bring those jobs home? That part of the story when we return.

Part Two

Apple is based in Cupertino, California, but the vast majority of its revenue, workers, and customers are overseas. That raises a number of issues for the world's biggest company. Why won't Apple bring home more manufacturing jobs from China? Why doesn't Apple pay U.S. taxes on the nearly $200 billion it keeps overseas? But perhaps the most pressing issue facing Apple today is encryption. It is believed that the terrorists in last month's attacks in Paris used encrypted apps to avoid surveillance. U.S. law enforcement immediately renewed its calls for Apple and other companies to provide access to its customers' encrypted texts and emails. Apple CEO Tim Cook has refused to do so. And though we interviewed him prior to the attacks, Cook has since told us that Apple is cooperating with authorities to combat terrorism, but he has not changed his position on encryption.

Charlie Rose: In the government, they say it's like saying, you know, you have a search warrant, but you can't unlock the trunk.

Tim Cook: Here's the situation is on your smartphone today, on your iPhone, there's likely health information, there's financial information. There are intimate conversations with your family, or your co-workers. There's probably business secrets and you should have the ability to protect it. And the only way we know how to do that, is to encrypt it. Why is that? It's because if there's a way to get in, then somebody will find the way in. There have been people that suggest that we should have a back door. But the reality is if you put a back door in, that back door's for everybody, for good guys and bad guys.

Charlie Rose: But does the government have a point in which they say, "If we have good reason to believe in that information is evidence of criminal conduct or national security behavior?"

Tim Cook: Well if, if the government lays a proper warrant on us today then we will give the specific information that is requested. Because we have to by law. In the case of encrypted communication, we don't have it to give. And so if like your iMessages are encrypted, we don't have access to those.

Charlie Rose: OK, but help me understand how you get to the government's dilemma.

Tim Cook: I don't believe that the tradeoff here is privacy versus national security.

Charlie Rose: Versus security.

Tim Cook: I think that's an overly simplistic view. We're America. We should have both.

National security isn't the only battle Tim Cook has been fighting with Washington. Apple earns two-thirds of its revenue overseas. Rather than bring it back and pay hefty U.S. taxes, Apple, like many U.S. multinationals, parks billions of dollars in overseas income in subsidiaries in countries like Ireland. The practice is not illegal, but it's at the heart of a battle that has been unfolding in Washington to reform the corporate tax code and bring that money home.

Charlie Rose: How do you feel when you go before Congress and they say you're a tax avoider?

Tim Cook: What I told them and-- what I'll tell you and-- and the folks watching tonight is we pay more taxes in this country than anyone.

Charlie Rose: Well, they know that. And you should because of how much money you make.

Tim Cook: Well, I don't deny that. We happily pay it.

Charlie Rose: But you also have more money overseas, probably, than any other--

Tim Cook: We do.

Charlie Rose: --American company?

Tim Cook: Because as I said before, two-thirds of our business is over there.

Charlie Rose: Yeah, but why don't bring that home, is the question?

Tim Cook: I'd love to bring it home.

Charlie Rose: Why don't you?

Tim Cook: Because it would cost me 40 percent to bring it home. And I don't think that's a reasonable thing to do. This is a tax code, Charlie, that was made for the industrial age, not the digital age. It's backwards. It's awful for America. It should have been fixed many years ago. It's past time to get it done.

Charlie Rose: But here's what they concluded. Apple is engaged in a sophisticated scheme to pay little or no corporate taxes on $74 billion in revenues held overseas.

Tim Cook: That is total political crap. There is no truth behind it. Apple pays every tax dollar we owe.

Tim Cook has spent much of the last decade expanding Apple's reach around the world, nowhere more than in China.

In October, Cook made his ninth trip there since becoming CEO four years ago. In the last year, Apple's sales in china have doubled.

Charlie Rose: Will there be, at some point in the near future, a bigger market than the United States?

Tim Cook: Yes. I am as certain as I can be of that.

Charlie Rose: The numbers simply tell you that?

Tim Cook: The numbers tell us-- tell me that. And not just the numbers of people, but the numbers of people moving into the middle class. That, for a consumer company is the thing that really begins to grow the market in a big way.

And most Americans would be surprised to know that nearly all Apple products are manufactured by one million Chinese workers in the factories of Apple contractors, including its largest: Foxconn. Yet Tim Cook insists that China's vast and cheap labor force is not the primary reason for manufacturing there.

CBS News

Charlie Rose: So if it's not wages, what is it?

Tim Cook: It's skill.

Charlie Rose: Skill?

Tim Cook: It's skill. It's that Chi--

Charlie Rose: They have more skills than American workers? They have more skills than--

Tim Cook: Now-- now, hold on.

Charlie Rose: --German workers?

Tim Cook: Yeah, let me-- let me-- let me clear, China put an enormous focus on manufacturing. In what we would call, you and I would call vocational kind of skills. The U.S., over time, began to stop having as many vocational kind of skills. I mean, you can take every tool and die maker in the United States and probably put them in a room that we're currently sitting in. In China, you would have to have multiple football fields.

Charlie Rose: Because they've taught those skills in their schools?

Tim Cook: It's because it was a focus of them-- it's a focus of their educational system. And so that is the reality.

Manufacting in China has brought serious labor concerns to Apple about low wages, long hours and unsafe conditions. After a series of suicides at Foxconn in 2010, the company installed safety nets outside its employee dormitories.

Charlie Rose: Do you have a responsibility to look at the labor conditions in the places where you manufacture and make sure that whatever might be an incentive for people to commit suicide is eradicated?

Tim Cook: The answer to your question is yes. We have a responsibility and we do it. We are constantly auditing our supply chain. Making sure that safety standards are, are, you know, are the highest. We're making sure that working conditions are the highest. All of the things that you would expect us to look for and more, we're doing it.

According to its most recent internal review, Apple has limited the work week to 60 hours, raised pay, and cracked down on child labor. But 30 percent of the facilities that make its products around the world still do not meet Apple's own safety standards.

Tim Cook: We believe that a company that has values and acts on them can really change the world.

Since taking over Apple, Tim Cook has broadened his company's mission beyond making products. Apple has invested billions in renewable energy to power its data centers and other operations. Cook has also become a strong advocate for human rights. His motives are personal. He grew up during segregation in Alabama and last year, he made a bold public announcement that he is gay.

Charlie Rose: No other CEO of a Fortune 500 company that might be gay has come out. You said it was God's greatest gift to you.

Tim Cook: When you're in a minority group, it gives you a sense of empathy of what it's like to be in the minority. And you begin to look at things from different point of views. And I think it was a gift for me.

Charlie Rose: Why didn't you come out earlier?

Tim Cook: Well, I, honestly, I value my privacy. I'm a very private person. But it became increasingly clear to me that if I said something, that it could help other people. And I'm glad because I think that some kid somewhere, some kid in Alabama, I think if they just for a moment stop and say, "If it didn't limit him, it may not limit me." Or this kid that's getting bullied or this kid that's co-- worse, I've gotten notes from people contemplating suicide. And so if I could touch just one of those, it's worth it. And I couldn't look myself in the mirror without doing it.

Before we finished reporting our story, Cook wanted to show us "one more thing," as Steve Jobs used to say --- a glimpse of Apple's future. So we packed into four-by-fours and with cameras, drones, and technicians supplied by GoPro we ascended this giant mound of dirt that has been excavated during the construction of Apple's new corporate headquarters. It is the company's biggest project ever.

CBS News

Charlie Rose: This is like a small city.

Tim Cook: It is. There's about 3,500 people working here right now. And this is what people are commonly calling the spaceship.

Charlie Rose: Yes.

Tim Cook: We're gonna have about 13,000 people that are working in this circle and it's gonna be a center for innovation for generations to come.

Charlie Rose: Some have said it's a $5 billion project.

Tim Cook: It's a lot. It's a lot. It's somewhere near there.

Charlie Rose: I knew 5 billion was a lot.

Tim Cook: We think it's so important to have a place that inspires you.

It's wider than the Pentagon and when it's completed next year, 80 percent of the grounds will be landscaped with 7,000 trees and plants. They will produce some of the fruits and vegetables served in the cafeteria. A natural ventilation system on the roof will allow the building to go without heating or air-conditioning nine months of the year. And the entire facility will be off the energy grid, powered mainly by solar panels.

Charlie Rose: Here's what's interesting about this: it is at the core of Apple is this capacity to think about everything as building a product.

Tim Cook: Yeah. And this goes down to-- and I think Jony will show you some of this-- is it goes to the desk, the chair, the stairwell, the doorknob, the glass, the-- I mean, every single thing.

Apple's chief design officer Jony Ive played a key role in designing the building. He took us inside on the same day Apple was installing the first of 3,000 sheets of curved glass imported from Germany. They will wrap around the entire building.

Jony Ive: This is the largest curved piece of glass in the world. And there will be miles of this glass. So when we're standing here, you will get a c-- just a continuous curtain of glass and no interruption to the views beyond.

Charlie Rose: All that stuff we see there is all gone?

Jony Ive: That will be gone.

Charlie Rose: Where is your office gonna be?

Jony Ive: On the top floor. Here's Why Apple Inc. Needs to Build a Custom Graphics Processor Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) takes its mobile chip development very seriously. From what I have observed, the company goes to great lengths to get some of the world's best chip architects to join its ranks. For example, earlier this year Apple hired away Intel chief processor architect and fellow Per Hammarlund to work on next generation processors.

This is a company that can attract and retain world-class talent.

Recently, there have been reports discussing the fact that Apple is also working on in-house graphics processor designs (the company currently licenses graphics processors from Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF). In this article I'd like to show why it is imperative that Apple rolls its own graphics processors over the long term.

Apple is routinely bested by Qualcomm in terms of smartphone graphics

In order to enable the best graphical experiences on the iOS platform, Apple needs to offer developers leadership graphics performance in its mobile processors. Generally speaking, Apple's chips offer best-in-class graphics performance at launch, but they are generally eclipsed in this area once Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) releases its flagship chips.

For example, even the much-maligned Snapdragon 810 offered better graphics performance than Apple's A8 chip, and it would seem that Qualcomm's upcoming Snapdragon 820 -- according to a number of recent performance previews -- will once again have a lead over the A9 in graphics once it hits the market in the spring.

Although consumers probably don't pay too much attention to performance benchmarks when choosing phones, having better graphics performance enables developers to develop richer, more immersive gaming experiences. In short, graphics performance is a fundamental enabler of better user experiences.

In order to further improve the competitiveness of Apple's graphics, I believe the company will need to develop its own graphics architectures.

What will a custom GPU bring to the table?

Apple licenses graphics designs from Imagination Technologies and very often has a "head start" over other licensees. It also tends to choose bigger, more powerful graphics configurations than most other licensees in order to deliver excellent graphics performance.

Interestingly, one could reasonably make the argument that Apple could easily increase graphics performance without resorting to a custom GPU by choosing bigger graphics configurations. However, there are some significant trade-offs associated with doing so.

The first is cost: adding in a larger configuration of a given architecture leads to an increase in silicon area used relative to using a smaller configuration, which increases manufacturing cost. The second is power: assuming a similar architecture, a higher core count configuration will use more power than a lower core count configuration if clock speeds are held constant (thus leading to performance increase roughly proportional to the number of additional cores added).

By developing a customized architecture, assuming Apple has a capable GPU team and is willing to fund that team generously, the company can potentially achieve major performance enhancements that are more area/power friendly than simply tossing in more of the Imagination-designed graphics cores.

Although Imagination has significant experience developing GPUs while Apple is relatively new to this (it still hasn't shipped a custom mobile GPU), I think Apple can afford to throw more money at its graphics designs than Imagination can.

More money thrown at the problem won't necessarily lead to success, Apple's strong execution in developing custom CPUs, as well as in developing the rest of the ingredients required to field successful mobile chips, gives me confidence it will succeed with its graphics efforts.

The big unknown is when we should expect to see a custom Apple GPU design, but I'd be surprised if it didn't show up within the next two or three years. Will Apple Inc.'s iPad Air 3 Catalyze an Upgrade Cycle in 2016? KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, whose track record with respect to upcoming Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) product details is generally excellent, was out with a note on Dec. 15 discussing the iDevice maker's next generation iPad -- the iPad Air 3.

According to the analyst, the device will launch in the first half of 2016. However, the real news is that the next generation iPad won't feature the 3D Touch technology the company first debuted in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus that launched in September.

Although one feature alone isn't enough to catalyze a significant upgrade cycle (iPhone 6s/6s Plus sales aren't doing so well, despite a number of compelling new features), I do wonder whether, sans 3D Touch, Apple will bring enough to its next generation iPad Air to drive a meaningful upgrade cycle.

What I'm expecting from the iPad Air 3 at this point

I expect that with the iPad Air 3, Apple will include a number of compelling internal upgrades. A move from the A8X chip to either the A9 found inside of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus or the A9X found inside of the iPad Pro would be most welcome.

Although I don't expect Apple to increase the display resolution of the iPad Air 3 relative to the iPad Air 2, I believe Apple will focus on improving the quality of the iPad Air 3's display.

Indeed, according to display specialist Raymond Soneira with DisplayMate, the iPad Air 2's display is significantly less efficient than the displays found on both the iPad mini 4 as well as the iPad Pro. The Air 2's display is also lacking in terms of color accuracy and brightness compared to these two tablets.

Expect Apple to include a more color accurate, more efficient display with the next generation iPad Air.

Next up, I expect Apple will bump up the amount of memory used in the device from 2 gigabytes inside of the Air 2 to 3 gigabytes in the Air 3.

I don't expect Apple will upgrade either the FaceTime camera or the rear-facing camera to any large extent, mainly due to the fact that the iPad Pro's cameras seem to be essentially the same as the ones found in the iPad Air 2 and it would be odd for the cheaper iPad Air 3 to have a leg up on the iPad Pro there.

From a wireless perspective, I wouldn't be surprised to see Apple carry over the same technology from the iPad Air 2, since those capabilities were good enough for the recently launched iPad Pro.

Finally, I don't expect Apple to change the industrial design much. The device is already incredibly thin at 6.1 millimeters thick and the design itself is already quite pleasing. The focus this round should be on internal enhancements, not on trying to make the thing thinner and/or lighter.

Answering the title question

The iPad Air 3 should represent a solid, incremental improvement over the iPad Air 2. I expect it to be faster and feature a more pleasing display. These improvements should make the iPad Air 3 a compelling option for those who were already looking to upgrade their aging iPads, but I can't imagine that they'll be enough to compel owners of relatively recent iPads (iPad Air, iPad Air 2) to fork over big bucks to upgrade. Is It Time to Buy Apple Inc. (AAPL)? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is trading higher today, following news the company has agreed to a patent licensing deal with Ericsson (ADR) (NASDAQ:ERIC) -- and despite a price-target cut to $142 from $145 at BMO Capital. The stock has added 1.1% at $107.18 -- a welcome change for a stock that has underperformed the S&P 500 Index (SPX) by 11 percentage points in the past three months, and dropped about 9% in December alone.



As we noted recently, short interest has been rising on the tech stock. Specifically, short interest increased by almost 53% in the latest reporting period.



And while short sellers have been rushing to AAPL, option bulls have been disappearing. Schaeffer's Quantitative Analyst Chris Prybal has noted that call open interest on the stock is flirting with annual lows. In fact, overall open interest on AAPL has dropped by roughly 40% compared to this time a year ago.



Today, however, option traders are making noise on both sides of the aisle, with call and put volume both accelerated. Buyers may be looking to take advantage of relatively low premiums on AAPL's near-term options. Notably, the stock's Schaeffer's Volatility Index (SVI) stands at just 28% -- lower than nearly 70% of all readings from the past year. This means the stock's options are relatively cheap, from a volatility perspective.



It's also interesting to note that Apple Inc. has hit oversold territory, according to its 14-day Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 29. This is the third time this year AAPL has hit oversold territory, according to Schaeffer's Senior Quantitative Analyst Rocky White.



The tables below come courtesy of White, and illustrate how the stock has performed following these signals in the past, compared to its anytime returns. As you can see, the shares generally outperform, with a post-signal one-week gain of 3.2% versus an anytime gain of just 0.4%. This trend extends all the way out to two months (4% vs. 1.7%), but by three months, the anytime return is actually superior to the post-signal return (4.2% vs. 2.6%).





Looking more closely, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has fared very well in 2015 following oversold signals. The chart below shows the shares gained over 7% in the subsequent week, so today's pop may be just the tip of the iceberg. Apple Says UK Surveillance Law Would Endanger All Clients Apple Inc. outlined its opposition to a proposed U.K. surveillance law, saying threats to national security don t justify weakening privacy and putting the data of hundreds of millions of users at risk.

The world s most valuable company is leading a Silicon Valley challenge to the Investigatory Powers Bill, which attempts to strengthen the capabilities of law-enforcement agencies to investigate potential crimes or terrorist attacks. The bill would, among other things, give the government the ability to see the Internet browsing history of U.K. citizens.

Apple said the U.K. government already has access to an unprecedented amount of data. The Cupertino, California-based company is particularly concerned the bill would weaken digital privacy tools such as encryption, creating vulnerabilities that will be exploited by sophisticated hackers and government spy agencies. In response to the U.K. rules, other governments would probably adopt their own new laws,  paralyzing multinational corporations under the weight of what could be dozens or hundreds of contradictory country-specific laws,  Apple said.

 The creation of back doors and intercept capabilities would weaken the protections built into Apple products and endanger all our customers,  Apple said in an eight-page submission to the U.K. parliamentary committee considering the bill.  A key left under the doormat would not just be there for the good guys. The bad guys would find it too. 

Stronger Encryption

In response to the U.K. bill, Google, Facebook, Twitter, Yahoo and Microsoft also will be submitting evidence to the committee, the Financial Times reported, citing people familiar with the matter. The U.S. technology companies have been strengthening use of encryption technology following revelations by National Security Agency whistle-blower Edward Snowden of government spying in 2013. The end-to-end encryption used by Apple and others prevents anyone but the recipient from seeing a message -- it s so strong that even Apple can t intercept the message.

 We are clear about the need for legislation that will provide law enforcement and the security and intelligence agencies with the powers they need in the digital age, subject to strict safeguards and world-leading oversight arrangements,  U.K. Security Minister John Hayes said in an e-mailed statement Tuesday. The government says the bill won t introduce any new powers and any interception would be subject to strict oversight.

Enough Tools

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has become an outspoken advocate for strong encryption technology, saying it protects personal communication, as well as health, financial and business data, for the millions of people who use iPhones and other Apple products. In an interview with CBS Corp. s  60 Minutes  broadcast on Dec. 20, Cook said that terrorist attacks in Paris didn t change his position on the issue, and governments have enough tools at their disposal to thwart attacks.

Apple said it often cooperates with the U.K. government when information is sought by law enforcement, saying it  helps catch criminals and save lives.  Still, the company said that if it was required to weaken its encryption standards, criminals and terrorists would continue using other technology available in the market.

 There are hundreds of products that use encryption to protect user data, many of them open-source and beyond the regulation of any one government,  Apple said.  By mandating weakened encryption in Apple products, this bill will put law-abiding citizens at risk, not the criminals, hackers and terrorists who will continue having access to encryption.  Ericsson and Apple sign global patent license agreement, settle litigation  
2015-07-07
Apple Inc. (AAPL): What Is Needed To Reach A $1 Trillion Market Cap As far-fetched as the possibility of Apple at a trillion once seemed, it now appears all but inevitable. Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL) stock has spent the better part of two decades delighting shareholders and defying critics as its valuation has passed milestone after milestone.

Apple stock is up more than 20,000% since the late Steve Jobs returned to lead the company in July 1997. The Apple market cap then was just $2.3 billion.

By January 2006, with the help of the iMac and iPod, Apple s valuation had soared to more than $72 billion   putting it ahead of rival Dell Inc.

By May 2010, with the help of the iPhone, Apple s valuation crossed $227 billion. That was good enough to pull it past another rival, Microsoft Corp. (Nasdaq: MSFT).

In August 2011, Apple first passed Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) to take the title of  world s most valuable company  with a market cap of $346.74 billion. After a see-saw battle, Apple pulled away.

Today Apple is the most valuable company by far. Its market cap of $726 billion is double that of the current No. 2, Google Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOG, GOOGL), at $361.5 billion. (Microsoft is currently in third with a market cap of $357 billion; Exxon Mobil is in fourth at $348 billion.)

So when will Apple be worth a trillion dollars?

Two of Money Morning s experts have made nearly identical forecasts.

 I think Apple is $200 24 months from now,  Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald announced on the FOX Business program  Varney & Co.  in April. Given the current number of Apple shares, that Apple stock price would push the company s valuation easily past the magic number   to an astonishing $1.152 trillion.

One month later, Money Morning Defense & Tech Specialist Michael A. Robinson received his new Apple Watch and declared that Apple would reach the $1 trillion mark by 2018.

Still, Apple needs another $224 billion to get there. Is that kind of a leap really possible in two years or so?

These numbers say yes 

What Apple Needs to Reach a $1 Trillion Market Cap

When I last took a detailed look at this question in August 2014, I concluded that Apple s product lines would deliver enough profit by 2018 to push AAPL stock to the price needed for a trillion-dollar valuation.

Reviewing those numbers now, it appears I was wrong. I m with Fitz-Gerald   Apple will be worth a trillion dollars in less than two years.

Apple is on track to deliver earnings per share (EPS) in its fiscal 2015 (which ends in September) of at least $9 a share. Using Apple s current (and absurdly low) price-to-earnings ratio of 15.68, we get an expected AAPL stock price of $141.12, about 12% above Wednesday s closing price of $126.60.

We need a price of $173.61 for Apple to be worth a trillion dollars, though. That will require an annual EPS of $11.07. So Apple will need an extra $2 of earnings per share over the next two years.

If you think that s a lot, let me suggest that it s almost always a mistake to underestimate Apple. Back in August 2014, the analyst consensus EPS for Apple s fiscal year 2015 was just $7.05. Now it s $9.03. That s a $2 increase in less than a year. Boom.

The consensus for 2016 is $9.72 for now. But that will be revised upward as the months go by, and the actual EPS will end up within easy striking distance of $11.07 for 2017.

Here s how Apple gets to a $1 trillion valuation 

When Will Apple Be Worth a Trillion Dollars? The Breakdown

The iPhone: About 69% of Apple s revenue is derived from the iPhone. Until the iPhone 6 arrived, some critics speculated that the product had peaked. Er, no. The bigger screens made the iPhone 6 wildly popular in many major markets, but especially China. In the December quarter, iPhone revenue from China was up 70%. And Apple is aggressively expanding its footprint in China, with plans to double the number of Apple retail stores. Apple s been growing iPhone sales at a rate of about 13% a year. If it can get 10% growth over the next two years, and you conservatively figure the iPhone generating half of Apple s profits, you can add about $1.90 to EPS from the iPhone alone.

Software and Services: This often-overlooked part of Apple s business includes app sales and subscription services such as the just-launched Apple Music and the much-delayed Apple television service. This high-margin part of Apple s business is expected to grow rapidly over the next two years. If a Macquarie Capital estimate of $17.2 billion in 2017 profit is accurate, this segment will add at least $1 in EPS.

The Apple Watch: This brand-new product will add more profit and revenue than many suspect. Because it s more fashion statement than tech toy, the Apple Watch will sell a lot of high-end models with expensive bands. Slice Intelligence reported last month that one in five Apple Watch customers are buying a spare band. The gold edition will have profit margins upwards of 80% and will join the collections of those who already buy such luxury brands as Rolex and Omega. Apple only needs a slice of this market to rake in some handsome profits. The Apple Watch could generate as much as $2.33 in EPS in its first year. That alone would get AAPL to a $1 trillion market cap.

Other Catalysts: Horace Dediu of research firm Asymco believes Apple Pay will eventually generate nearly $1 billion in profits every year. That s about $0.17 in annual EPS. Apple s ecosystem is also extending into the growing Internet of Things market with iPhone and Watch apps that can control household devices remotely. The addition of other Apple products, such as some type of auto, will generate even more profit. Older businesses like the Mac and the iPad could also make small contributions.

With so many sources feeding its bottom line, Apple will be worth a trillion dollars well before Jan. 1, 2018. And these estimates are based on Apple s P/E ratio staying below 16. If the P/E ratio rises to 17, Apple only needs an EPS of $10.21 to reach $1 trillion.

In fact, at the rate these profits are growing, it s easy to see Apple s market cap hitting $1 trillion even sooner   in 2016.

The Bottom Line: As Apple stock climbs, more investors are asking the question,  When will Apple be worth a trillion dollars?  The short answer is, sooner than you think. Growing sales of the iPhone, coupled with the new Apple Watch and a thriving software and services business, are virtually guaranteed to push Apple s valuation past the $1 trillion mark in less than two years.

Written By David Zeiler From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet. And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. Brean Capital Analysts Weigh In On Two Technology Giants: Apple Inc. (AAPL ... Brean Capital analysts Ananda Baruah and Sarah Hindlian weighed in today on the technology giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), ahead of its upcoming earnings, and on the cloud computing giant salesforce.com, inc. (NYSE:CRM), as a deeper integration of the customer lifecycle capture across cloud products.

Apple Could Again Drive $0.20 EPS Upside; 2H15 &  16 Setting Up Nicely

Analyst Ananda Baruah continues to believe that Street numbers are materially low through  17. Fundamentally speaking, Baruah believes Apple stands to deliver material EPS upside from 1) iPhone shipments through  17, 2) favorable GM from both iPhones and iPhone mix (more 6 Plus  than realized), and 3) materially more Opex $ leverage through at least  16 as AAPL realizes the benefits from the recent iPhone 6 and iWatch investment cycles.

The analyst noted,  For the Jun Q, we believe AAPL can deliver EPS of $1.90   $2.00 (vs. Street of $1.77). Specifically, our work suggests that Jun Q revenue and GM could be $52.5B   $53.0B (vs. Street estimate of $48.8B) and 40.0%   40.3% (vs. Street estimate of 39.6%), respectively. AAPL reports on July 21 AMC. 

The analyst reiterated a Buy rating on AAPL with a price target of $170.00, which represents a potential upside of 35% from where the stock is currently trading.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Ananda Baruah has a total average return of -3.7% and a 35.8% success rate. Baruah has a -3.0% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #3486 out of 3691 analysts.

Upgrading Salesforce to Buy   All About the UPsell

Analyst Sarah Hindlian came out with a favorable report on CRM, upgrading the stock to a Buy from a Hold rating and establishing a price target of $85, which implies an upside of 23% from current levels.

In her research report, Hindlian wrote,  We believe the upsell opportunity on Marketing & Services Clouds is now better aligned with core Sales Cloud customer needs and will aid in growing New ACV in FY 17 and beyond. In our analysis, we highlight: 1) the importance of upsell in the SaaS business model, and its significance to Salesforce.com given the size of its installed customer base; 2) our findings based on work with marketers of pent-up demand for better ad management tools, which we expect will drive Marketing Cloud as new products roll-out; and 3) changes in customer service trends, which we anticipate will continue to positively impact Service Cloud. 

Furthermore,  We believe deeper cross-cloud integration and product improvements will aid upsell, billings, and subsequent revenue growth, even as op. margins continue to advance. As a result, we are conservatively increasing our FY 17 and FY 18 Total Revenue estimates from $7.89bn to $8.0bn, and from $9.65bn to $9.75bn, ~1% and ~3% above consensus, respectively.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Sarah Hindlian has a total average return of 2.6% and a 57.1% success rate. Hindlian is ranked #1988 out of 3691 analysts. Why Apple stores are a sought-after 'big prize' for Canadian landlords TORONTO   On a sales-per-square-foot basis nobody can beat Apple Inc. stores in Canada, a distinction that makes it one of the most sought-after retailers by landlords, according to a new survey.

Behold Ontario s truck stop king: Ken Tanenbaum s empire sprawls over 1,000 kilometres and never closes

Ken Tanenbaum isn t into sports like his famous father Larry, but his passion is as Canadian as the Maple Leafs

At the bottom of the list of the top 35 retailers in 2013 is Target Canada, although the now-bankrupt retailer was at a disadvantage because it was only in Canada for part of that year.

Using data from Ryerson University s Centre for the Study of Commercial Activity, real estate research company CBRE Canada looked at the Top 100 retailers in Canada by gross sales for 2013 and then ranked them based on sales per square foot, establishing how effective they are in their space and how much malls owners will vie to get them to locate on their property.

 The Apple numbers are pretty fantastic, even people who know Apple go  Wow ,  said Ross Moore, director of research for CBRE in Canada.

Related

Apple has 29 retail locations in Canada, according to the company website, and there isn t a landlord that wouldn t fall over itself to house No. 30.  There are a couple of retailers in Canada that might be called the  big prize  being able draw foot traffic,  Moore said.  Shopping centres are about foot traffic and you want a big retailer like Apple or Whole Foods who can move you up the league tables as a mall. 

Department stores long-filled the role as anchor, able to draw major tenants to their malls and in return they were given below-market rent. But a look at the list from CBRE finds NRDC Equity Partners, operators of Hudson s Bay, Home Outfitters and the now-defunct Zellers, at the bottom of the 35, beaten out only by Target Canada.

 You d have one anchor at one end of the centre and the other one at the other, and force people to walk back and forth,  said Moore, adding Apple would have a lot of say in where it wants to locate in any major regional mall.

One surprise might have been Best Buy Co. Inc., which operates the company of the same title and Future Shop, which managed an eighth-place finish even as some observers have suggested the store continues to come under pressure from Internet sales. Moore noted the company s 2013 sales were down 11.3 per cent from a year earlier.

Costco s performance would probably have real estate people salivating over its property, which the retailer owns outright. Some retailers such as Loblaw Cos. Ltd. and Canadian Tire have taken advantage of their strong retail presence to roll their property assets into a separately traded real estate investment trust. Costco has no such plans.

Richard Talbot, a retail consultant, worked with Costco when it came to Canada.  When we looked for locations, the locations needed to be out of the major retail core and ideally on cheaper industrial land. What Costco did is just become a destination and kept it costs down,  he said, noting the retailer did a lot of little things to keep costumers happy, such as making parking spots extra wide to try to prevent cars from getting dinged. The Future of HP and HP Inc. Could Be with Oracle and Apple Six Ways to Overcome the Fear of Failure in Business

Earlier this week, I posted a blog on the math surrounding the HP merger and on the increased financial stress that will be placed on this new company as customers, costs and valuations adjust to their new form. The two firms will have distinctly different weaknesses. The HP Enterprise firm will have razor slim profits, which will likely drop into losses once the separation bucket is no longer able to segment out costs that otherwise would be in the income statement. The PC unit will have debt at about 50 percent of revenue, which should more than consume its initially higher margins. Their biggest margins are from printing consumables, which should be in accelerating decline. Rather than one company in distress, they end up with two companies with less complexity (which could make them potentially easier to turn around) in greater financial distress. So what happens next?

HP Enterprise

The reason many believe as to why HP hasn t been acquired is because no one wants its PC and printer businesses. By spinning those businesses out, HP becomes an acquisition target. EMC has been speculated, but I think there is too much overlap with that firm. And EMC doesn t buy troubled properties, based on Joe Tucci s comments at the last analyst event.

Oracle would typically be the most likely HP buyer. While there is a lot of bad blood between HP and Oracle, the same thing was true of PeopleSoft, and Oracle successfully bought it and then shut down operations, seemingly relishing in finding the executives in that company some alternative career paths.

Unlike IBM or Dell, Oracle doesn t seem to have a problem acquiring troubled properties and the animosity between the firms may actually increase its incentive to buy HP. Mark Hurd, in particular, is likely very attracted to the idea of having a lot of the folks that bad mouthed him when he left once again under his authority. I expect, if folks thought him harsh when he last ran HP, they will see the new meaning of  harsh.  (In reality, he was arguably more successful than either of his successors, which likely really peeves him.)

China has a lot of free cash at the moment, but the hostility between the U.S. and China makes regulatory approval unlikely for any company. Lenovo would be the most likely to consider a merger with HP, but it ll still be in the midst of doing two massive mergers at once, and picking up HP on top of the IBM x86 server group would likely be a bridge too far for the U.S. government and Lenovo. Samsung in Korea is also a possibility, but only if its financial performance improves, because the extra drag of HP under Samsung would seem to create too much financial risk for that firm.

An acquisition would allow Whitman and the HP board to accelerate their options and provide a substantial financial incentive for this path, making this by far the more likely outcome.

Another alternative is taking the firm private, but the financial cost to the CEO for a move like that makes it unlikely for anyone but a founder.

HP Inc.

HP as a firm will have to continue as a separate entity, and while going private would be particularly attractive to it, given the desperate need to dramatically restructure the printing unit while out of the public markets, I still doubt a non-founder will take this path unless they can mitigate the personal financial costs related to it. Given that these two units were the least desirable of the HP family, finding a buyer would be very difficult, and while the PC unit might be attractive to Acer or a Chinese tech company wanting to enter the segment, they d have to spin out the printer unit first to create what would be a very complex, though not impossible, outcome. This makes it relatively unlikely that HP Inc. will be purchased as a complete unit, but regulatory agencies would be less concerned with China buying part of this firm. Given that much of the retail placement of products is done by the printing side of this company, there is a high risk that the PC unit would collapse should the firms be separated quickly. In short, I think due diligence will prevent an acquisition unless the printer unit can be revitalized or the PC unit can demonstrate that it can stand alone.

Standing alone isn t pretty either, though, and having debt that is half of revenue or over 10 times its likely annual income after the separation will be a huge drag on any turnaround effort, which will likely force more draconian cost cuts so that the firm can maintain some investment in its future. Dion Weisler, the HP Inc. CEO, is well regarded in the PC industry as a subject matter expert and has been executing better than Whitman at HP it is as if she agreed to race him but only if she could shoot him in both legs first. But Apple was in worse shape than HP Inc. will be and it still managed to eventually become a more powerful company than HP, suggesting that with sharp execution, Weisler could do the same. It will likely depend on a variety of things, including Weisler s ability to get out from under Whitman s failed policies (even though she will be chairman of HP Inc.), market recovery, and his ability to spin out or turn the printing unit from a cash cow to a more strategic growing asset. (There are several opportunities here, including all types of 3D printing, which is a market HP has yet to enter.)

If HP Inc. continues, it will likely have to expand into servers, storage and networking unless it pulls back to the consumer market like Apple did. If it takes this latter path, it could partner with Oracle/HP, IBM, or EMC like Lenovo and Apple (IBM) have. That could make things even more interesting.

Wrapping Up

I expect both units will go through massive staffing changes (i.e., staffing up on the resources they now share and staffing down everything else to contain/reduce costs). I think the enterprise version of HP is most likely to be acquired, with Oracle as the most probable buyer. While the transition would be painful, particularly for firms that don t like Oracle, Hurd has proven to be the better manager, which suggests that once the merger was complete, the unit would be in better shape. HP Inc. should remain independent, but any sign that it is spinning out the printing business would likely be a preamble to its own sale likely to a Chinese buyer. However, if it can show success in a new market, like 3D printing, it ll more likely stay the course.

If, as I expect, Whitman will step down from both firms once the HP enterprise company is sold, that would be a strong indicator that HP Inc. will be aggressively stepping out and attempting to emulate Apple s incredibly successful turnaround. Any incredibly unlikely move, like taking the unit private to emulate Dell s successful path, would also be indicative of a management team more focused on turning the firm around than in milking it for quarterly results which is a common problem in the public segment.

Investor risk remains highest with HP Inc., because of the debt and the lesser likelihood of a relatively quick acquisition. Technology buyer risk is higher with the enterprise side of HP, given that its leadership and ownership are most likely to change. PC buyers don t have the strategic requirements that other enterprise buyers have and while declining, the printing business is far too lucrative to shut down, so there is little additional risk of buying PCs or printers from PC Inc.

It is highly unusual to see a split up during a time of market consolidation and it is likely this will be named  Whitman s Folly.  We ll see.

Rob Enderle is President and Principal Analyst of the Enderle Group, a forward-looking emerging technology advisory firm. With over 30 years  experience in emerging technologies, he has provided regional and global companies with guidance in how to better target customer needs; create new business opportunities; anticipate technology changes; select vendors and products; and present their products in the best possible light. Rob covers the technology industry broadly. Before founding the Enderle Group, Rob was the Senior Research Fellow for Forrester Research and the Giga Information Group, and held senior positions at IBM and ROLM. Follow Rob on Twitter @enderle, on Facebook and on Google+ 
2015-03-10
Apple commits more than $50 million to diversity efforts It s a big week for Apple. On Monday the iPhone-maker unveiled the latest addition to its ecosystem of devices, a smart watch whose price will range from $350 to $18,000 . On Tuesday, the company kicks off its annual shareholders' meeting in Cupertino, Calif.

But there s more. In an exclusive interview with Fortune , Apple's human resources chief Denise Young Smith said the company is partnering with several non-profit organizations on a multi-year, multi-million-dollar effort to increase the pipeline of women, minorities, and veterans in the technology industry and, of course, at Apple.

"We wanted to create opportunities for minority candidates to get their first job at Apple," said Young Smith, who took over as its head of HR a little over a year ago . (Before her current role, the longtime Apple exec spent a decade running recruiting for the retail side of the business.) "There is tremendous upside to that and we are dogged about the fact that we can't innovate without being diverse and inclusive."

Young Smith likes to say that diversity extends race and gender Apple wants its employee base to also reflect different lifestyles and sexual orientations . (Last fall, CEO Tim Cook publicly acknowledged that he is gay  the first Fortune 500 chief executive to do so while holding the title.) But, at least for now, its diversity initiatives are mostly focused on expanding its pipeline of women and minorities.

To that end, the company is partnering with the Thurgood Marshall College Fund, a non-profit that supports students enrolled in public, historically black colleges and universities (known as HBCUs). These schools include North Carolina A&T State University, Howard University, and Grambling State University (where Young Smith earned a bachelor's degree in communications and journalism in 1978). All told, there are 100 HBCUs across the country 47 of them are considered public and collectively they graduate nearly 20% of African-Americans who earn undergraduate degrees.

"Historically, other organizations have provided scholarship dollars or focused on whatever area matters most to them," says Johnny Taylor, president and CEO of the Thurgood Marshall College Fund. "What differentiates this partnership with Apple is that it hits on everything that we do it is the most comprehensive program ever offered to an HBCU organization."

Courtesy: Apple

According to Taylor, it is also the largest: Apple is committing over $40 million to the fund, which will use the money to create a database of computer science majors at HBCUs, train both students and faculty and offer scholarships. Apple will also create a paid internship program for particularly promising students.

"People are at Harvard and MIT looking for their students," says Taylor. "But Apple said, there are some really talented individuals at these [HBCU] schools."

Apple is also partnering with another non-profit, the National Center for Women and Information Technology (NCWIT), to help create a broader pipeline of female technology workers. According to Lucy Sanders, CEO and co-founder of the organization, this isn't the first time the device maker is teaming up with the non-profit, but this latest round has much broader ambitions and represents the largest single investment NCWIT has received to date to the tune of about $10 million, which will be doled out over the course of four years. The goal? To double the number of four-year-degree recipients supported by NCWIT's internships, scholarships and other resources, and to reach 10,000 middle school girls over the next few years.

Again, the organization's leader says Apple's investment is different in that it is bigger and more far-reaching than previous corporate donors. Says Sanders: "A lot of actitivies are one and done, but this is a longitudinal experience throughout the pipeline."

Of course, Apple's not the only heavyweight pouring significant dollars into these organizations NCWIT, for example, is also funded by Google, Microsoft and Symantec, and the Thurgood Marshall College Fund has received significant grants from the likes of Wal-Mart and the National Basketball Association. There's also Intel, which announced it will devote $300 million to science and technology education , primarily for girls and minorities, earlier this year.

To hear Apple tell it, the focus isn't so much on the dollar amount but more on the approach, which Young Smith calls "thoughtful." (Leave it to Apple to think different.)

In addition to the over $50 million that will be poured into the organizations mentioned above, Young Smith says Apple is talking to military leaders to come up with a way to provide technology training and specialized on boarding programs for veterans. No word on how much money Apple will devote to this effort.

"In any of these programs we re really trying to provide focus, impact and a ripple effect not just on Apple," Young Smith says.

The real effect of these efforts, however whether Apple's or Intel's likely won't be felt for a number of years. But while last year seemed to be all about technology companies admitting they have a diversity problem , this year seems to be the time for them to finally put their money where their mouth is. Just like Apple's new Watch, it's a development that has been a long time coming.

Watch more about the Apple event from Fortune:

 The Most Amazing Thing About the Apple Inc. iPhone 6 It's well known within the investment community (well, anybody who follows technology, really) that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6 and 6 Plus have been truly amazing for Apple's top and bottom lines. However, what I find truly fascinating about this success is how little a role "tech specs" seem to have played in driving the company's monstrous financial results.

The iPhone 6 doesn't look that impressive on paper

As fellow Fool Leo Sun pointed out in a recent article, the hardware specifications of top Android flagship devices such as the Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S6 and the HTC One M9 simply "look" better than what Apple is offering with the iPhone 6.

Now, one could rightfully argue that this isn't a fair comparison -- the iPhone 6 launched in September 2014, but the Galaxy S6 will be available in April 2015 and the One M9 at the end of March 2015. However, I'd argue that even the prior generation Samsung Galaxy S5 and HTC One M8 flagships (which preceded the iPhone 6) matched or even exceeded what Apple brought out with the iPhone 6.

To illustrate, here's a table of key specifications for the three devices:

iPhone 6 Galaxy S5 One M8 SoC Apple A8 Snapdragon 801 Snapdragon 801 Memory 1GB LPDDR3 2GB LPDDR3 2GB LPDDR3 Display 4.7-inch 1334-by-750 LCD 5.1-inch 1920-by-1080 AMOLED 5-inch 1920-by-1080 LCD Camera 8MP rear facing/1.2MP front facing 16MP rear facing/2MP front facing 4.0MP rear facing/5MP front facing Cellular Cat. 4 LTE-Advanced Cat. 4 LTE-Advanced Cat. 4 LTE-Advanced Connectivity 1x1 802.11ac 2x2 802.11ac (1x1?) 802.11ac

Now, I'd argue that the Apple A8 chip is significantly superior to the Snapdragon 801 in the S5/M8, but the fundamental point is that in terms of raw hardware specifications, the iPhone 6 is by no means a monster.

And yet, despite this, Apple was able to sell enough of these devices in a quarter, at premium prices, to generate more profit than either Samsung's mobile division or the entirety of HTC's results in a full year.

It's hard to argue with results.

Tech specs don't tell the whole story

The only real winners of participating in the "spec wars" are the component vendors. Apple could stick more memory into its phones, the latest Wi-Fi and cellular chips, and higher pixel density displays if it wanted to. However this would increase Apple's costs and, subsequently, reduce its margins.

For components where Apple needs the best, it will include the best -- its applications processors illustrate that point clearly. Where it doesn't necessarily need the latest components, it'll use more mature -- and cheaper -- solutions. For example, the iPhone 6 has a 1x1 802.11ac Wi-Fi chip, while many other Android flagships use higher performance, and more expensive, 2x2 802.11ac solutions.

The point is that because Apple differentiates on things such as its brand, the quality and user-friendliness of its software, and more, it can sell users cheaper-to-build devices that deliver premium value for premium prices.

I will say upfront that, as somebody who closely follows the semiconductor industry, I do find top-notch specifications attractive. Despite this, though, I've been an iPhone user since 2013 and I expect to continue to be for the foreseeable future. I simply prefer iOS, the software ecosystem, Apple's retail presence, and all of the other intangibles that comes with owning an iPhone.

As long as Apple can keep making each iPhone generation significantly better and/or more useful than the last, and as long as it keeps delivering user experiences that are a cut above the rest, then it should continue to be a very successful company. 
2015-09-03
Apple Wants to Guide Your News Consumption With News App Apple wants to be a central part of how you consume news.

The iPhone maker has forged partnerships with CNN, National Geographic and others -- more than 50 companies so far, representing hundreds of outlets. Apple will launch a News service on iPhones and iPads as part of a free software update this month. That means millions of devices will get the app on the home screen, with no separate download required.

Here's what's known so far:

___

HOW IT WORKS

You begin by choosing at least three news topics or outlets of interest. Topics include "cooking," ''science" and "dogs," while outlets include Hearst and BuzzFeed.

You get a customized feed of news. Just tap on any item to get the story in a layout that resembles a print publication -; without a lot of clutter found on many websites these days. The app offers uniform navigation, but publishers can customize the presentation to reflect their brands, says Troy Young, president of Hearst Magazines Digital Media.

You can search for stories or browse by topic or outlet. You can like or share stories, or save them to read offline. Your interactions will influence future recommendations.

Although Apple has partnerships with just a few dozen outlets, thousands more are available through a feed technology called RSS. These are typically top headlines chosen by the outlet and presented in a standard format that various apps, such as News, can understand. News from The Associated Press will be available through the News app that way.

News outlets choose which stories go into the service, and Apple plans to leave it to its software to organize them. In tests of a preliminary version of News, negative stories about the company are still appearing prominently, alongside news on competitors.

News outlets will experiment. At CNN, for instance, there's a team devoted to adapting and creating content for the News app. For now, CNN isn't planning much with breaking news, as Executive Vice President Andrew Morse sees it as more of a "lean-back storytelling experience," akin to magazines.

___

THE COST

The service is free, and outlets such as The New York Times that usually charge for online access are offering a selection of their stories for free. There will be ads. That's notable as Apple is permitting ad-blocking technology in its Safari Web browser, but not in apps. The outlets keep all revenue from any ads they sell. For ads Apple sells, the outlets get 70 percent.

___

OTHER SOURCES FOR NEWS

Ken Doctor, a media analyst for Newsonomics, says many people now get news directly from an outlet's app. Otherwise, they get it from social media, such as Facebook and Twitter. Facebook, for instance, has an initiative called Instant Articles, which promises faster loading of news content on Facebook. SnapChat started a news section called Discover.

Doctor says news aggregators such as Apple's News represent another way of getting news, but they will have to prove compelling enough for readers to spend time there instead.

Apple believes it can help you read what you want to read, without having to do a lot of work finding it. Instead of having to check multiple apps, just go to News.

Publishers see the News app as a way to reach new audiences. Fred Santarpia, chief digital officer for Conde Nast, says he can't make people come to his company's magazine apps, so "you have to go where they are."

___

PRIVACY

Apple keeps track of what you read to make recommendations and tailor advertising. The company promises not to link your reading habits with other services. So ad targeting based on news stories read will appear only in the News app -; not while using other Apple services, such as Music. You can turn off ad targeting and clear your reading history.

--Associated Press Judge approves $415M settlement in Apple, Google wage case A federal judge has approved a $415 million settlement that ends a lengthy legal saga revolving around allegations that Apple, Google and several other Silicon Valley companies illegally conspired to prevent their workers from getting better job offers.

The settlement of a class-action lawsuit will pay more than 64,000 technology workers about $5,800 apiece. The complaint, filed in 2011, originally sought $3 billion in damages that could have been tripled under U.S. antitrust law. Based on that figure, the workers could have received more than $100,000 apiece if they prevailed at trial.

Nearly $41 million of the settlement will be paid to lawyers representing the technology workers. That's less than half of the roughly $85 million in fees that the attorneys had sought.

The approval granted Wednesday by U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh in San Jose, California, dispenses with a case that exposed internal emails casting former Apple CEO Steve Jobs in an unflattering light. Koh had rejected a $324.5 million settlement of the case reached last year as inadequate.

Apple Inc., Google Inc., Intel Corp. and Adobe Systems Inc. will pay the revised settlement. Last year, Koh approved a separate settlement requiring Intuit Inc., Pixar Animation Studios and Lucasfilm to pay a $20 million settlement to resolve allegations made against them in the same case.

The lawsuit depicted Jobs, who died in 2011, as the conniving ringleader of a scheme designed to minimize the chances that top computer programmers and other talented employees would defect to other technology companies.

Koh approved the latest settlement after finding little resistance to the deal. She said only 67 of the 64,666 workers represented in the case objected to or opted out of the settlement.

Just six of the workers objected because they thought they weren't getting paid enough in the settlement, according to court documents. One of the unhappy workers estimated that he had been cheated out of $400,000 because of the alleged collusion among some of Silicon Valley's biggest companies.

The lawsuit accused Apple, Google and the other companies of forming a "no-poaching" cartel that secretly agreed not to recruit each other's workers. Lawyers for the employees argued the pact illegally suppressed the wages of the affected workers.

The alleged collusion stopped after the U.S. Justice Department opened an investigation that culminated with an antitrust complaint being filed against Apple, Google and the other participating companies in 2010. The Justice Department's case was settled without the companies acknowledging any guilt or paying any fines.

All the companies denied wrongdoing in settling the case.

Explore further: Apple, Google reach new settlement in high-tech wage case U.S. judge approves $415 mln settlement in tech worker lawsuit, which workers accused Apple Inc, Google Inc and Intel Corp and Adobe Systems Inc - Reuters  
2015-06-01
Woman drops off $200000 Apple 1 computer at Silicon Valley recycling center A Northern California woman threw out a piece of Apple history when she gave away a roughly $200,000 vintage Apple 1 computer to a recycling facility.

Now, the Silicon Valley facility is looking for the woman because it wants to give her $100,000, or half the computer's value.

Clean Bay Area told KNTV the anonymous woman dropped off a couple of boxes with e-waste materials a month ago at its facility in Milpitas.

Her husband recently died, so she decided to clean up their garage.

NEWSLETTER: Sign up for a weekly briefing on California business news

In what she thought was a pile of junk, she delivered the boxes and left without leaving her phone number.

A few weeks later, a worker sifting through the boxes made the amazing discovery.

Inside one of the boxes laid an Apple 1, one of 200 first-generation computers created in 1976. At the time, the computer sold for $666.66.

Now the rare computer created by Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs is worth much more.

The recycling company ended up selling the computer to a private collector for $200,000.

Clean Bay Area is looking to identify the woman and give her 50% of the total sale.

For breaking news in California, follow @VeronicaRochaLA.

ALSO:

What does $750,000 get you in SoCal real estate?

Elon Musk's growing empire is fueled by $4.9 billion in government subsidies

LAX's proposed Wi-Fi upgrade: Not all that fast, and lots of annoying advertising 1 Chart Showing Apple Inc.'s Massive Opportunity in China China is becoming an increasingly important market for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), not only when it comes to current revenues, but also in terms of future growth opportunities. Fortunately for investors in Apple stock, everything seems to suggest that Apple is positioned for explosive growth in this key region in the years ahead.

On growth and opportunity

Apple produced $16.8 billion in revenues from the Greater China market during the second quarter of fiscal 2015, accounting for a big 29% of total company sales. China is also outgrowing other markets by a wide margin, since revenue from this key market jumped by a staggering 71% versus the same quarter in the prior year. As long as this trend remains in place, China will probably become increasingly important for Apple in the future.

iPhone unit sales grew 70% year on year. According to management, and based on estimates from Kantar, this would mean Apple gained approximately 9 points of market share in the China smartphone market during the quarter. Pointing in the same direction, data from both Gartner and IDC confirms that Apple became the leading smartphone vendor in China during the first quarter of 2015.

Consumers in Asia are particularly fond of bigger screens, so Apple's decision to increase screen size with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus looks like a winning move in terms of competitive strengths in China. The same goes for its gold-colored iPhone, which is especially popular in the Middle Kingdom.

Also, while IDC calculates that total PC sales in China declined 5%, Apple delivered a big 31% year-over-year increase in Mac sales. iPad sales have been clearly slowing down around the world in recent quarters, but Japan and China are two notable exceptions. Apple set a new March-quarter record for iPad sales in Japan, and an all-time record for iPad sales in China during the period.

The company is also accelerating its retail-store expansion in the country. Apple opened six new retail stores in the Greater China region in the past quarter, bringing the total store base to 21 stores in 11 cities. By the middle of next year, management is planning to nearly double that base to 40 units in Greater China.

Apple is also building a big ecosystem of services and applications especially targeted toward Greater China, and this is paying off in spades for the company. The App Store had a record quarter, growing over 100% year over year in the second quarter of fiscal 2015. Apple has already made payments to developers in Greater China of almost $5 billion, with more than half of that money corresponding to the past 12 months.

China is in love with Apple

Investment bank Credit Suisse regularly publishes its Credit Suisse Research Institute's Emerging Consumer Survey. The Investment bank has partnered with Nielsen to conduct nearly 16,000 face-to-face interviews with consumers across nine key emerging economies: Brazil, China, India, Indonesia, Mexico, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, and South Africa. The report provides a huge database to analyze key demand preferences in emerging markets, and the numbers looks quite encouraging when it comes to Apple.

From the report:

No brand analysis would be complete without mentioning Apple, and once again we see steady improvement in momentum this year among both income groups. The size of the bubble is reflective of Apple's broad penetration in the largest emerging markets, notably China.

A recent survey from UBS provides further evidence on Apple's extraordinary strength among Chinese consumers. According to this survey, Apple is not only the most popular brand in smartphones for consumers in China, but Apple users are also more inclined to upgrade their smartphones more frequently and more willing to spend additional money on an upgrade.



Apple has gained a lot of ground in China lately, and the company is deeply engrained in the minds and hearts of Chinese consumers. This puts Apple in a privileged position to profit from the rise of the Chinese middle class over the years and even decades ahead. Apple Inc's Augmented Reality Plan Starts Coming Together Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently acquired Metaio, a German software company specializing in augmented reality technology, for an undisclosed sum. Metaio's technology powers a wide range of popular AR applications, including Audi's digital owner's manual, which identifies parts of the car with a smartphone camera, and IKEA's virtual catalog, which projects furniture into a user's living room.

On its own, the Metaio acquisition doesn't seem essential to Apple, which generates most of its revenue from hardware sales of iPhones, iPads, and Macs. But when we combine Metaio's tech with Apple's other recent acquisitions, its plan for expanding into the AR market starts to make sense.

A $30 billion market opportunity

Research firm Digi-Capital recently forecast that the augmented reality market could generate $120 billion in cumulative revenues by 2020, up from nearly nothing today. That growth is expected to be driven by sales of AR hardware, like Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) HoloLens, VoIP applications like Skype, next-gen video games, immersive films, e-commerce applications, and ads.

Apple already holds a wide range of AR-related patents, including transparent displays, iPhone-powered virtual displays, and mapping solutions. Back in 2013, Apple acquired PrimeSense, the maker of Microsoft's first-generation Kinect motion sensor. Earlier this year, Apple acquired high-accuracy GPS firm Coherent Navigation, presumably to improve the accuracy of Apple Maps. In March, Piper Jaffray reported that Apple had assembled a special team to research and develop AR hardware.

Combining depth sensing technology, accurate GPS technology, and transparent displays indicates that Apple could be following Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Glass and HoloLens into the AR headset space. If "Apple Glass" can succeed where Google Glass failed, developers who are already making AR apps on iOS might flock to the platform.

It's also about Apple Maps

A pair of Apple AR glasses would be an interesting way to complement the iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch, but Apple's expansion into the AR market is also about keeping Google out of its backyard.

Google is expanding its reach into iOS with ecosystem apps like YouTube, Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Now. Tying iOS users to those apps makes them more dependent on Google services, which could cause them to eventually switch over to Android smartphones and tablets. In response, Apple replaced Google Maps with Apple Maps, dumped Google for Microsoft Bing in default Siri and Spotlight searches, and could possibly do the same with Safari later this year.

Comscore estimates that 25% of all U.S. smartphone users use Apple Maps, compared to 47% who use Google Maps. Based on Apple's U.S. market share of 43% in March, we can estimate that about 58% of U.S. iPhone users use Apple Maps. To boost that percentage, Apple is trying hard to match Google Map's features. That's the reason it acquired smaller mapping firms like Placebase, Locationary, and Hopstop, and why its vans are currently collecting data for 3D maps.

Why AR matters for maps

In the past, Google Glass, Nokia's (NYSE:NOK) HERE City Lens, Layar Reality Browser, and other apps demonstrated how useful AR can be by putting digital overlays over real world objects. These apps, however, can be slow and unreliable if a GPS signal isn't strong enough.

That's where Apple's recent acquisitions come into play. Coherent's GPS technology, which tracks users more accurately than consumer-grade GPS, can reportedly find a user within a few seconds, compared to up to 40 seconds for a traditional GPS. Combining that tech with Metaio's AR overlays could reduce lag when looking up directions, and promptly deliver AR information on surrounding buildings and transportation systems.

When we combine Coherent and Metaio's technologies with PrimeSense's depth and motion-sensing sensors, we see major potential applications for cars. With a heads-up AR display on the windshield, a driver could instantly see a digital overlay of information on roads and buildings. Motion sensors synchronized to a crash avoidance system could reduce accidents. All those features could enhance Apple CarPlay, its iOS mirroring solution for dashboards, and establish the software foundations for its long-rumored autonomous vehicle.

Taking the long view

Apple's investments in AR aren't aimed at generating revenue in the near term. Instead, they could give birth to new hardware products, enhance the iOS ecosystem, and defend its turf against Google. Therefore, investors should keep an eye on these recent acquisitions and the evolution of Apple Maps to understand how Apple's plans for the AR market will eventually come together. Apple Inc. Wins AppleId.com and AppleAccount.com In UDRP Apple Inc. has secured two domain names recently with two different UDRP filings on the domain names AppleID.com and AppleAccount.com .

AppleID.com

The AppleID.com domain name was registered on May 26, 2004 and was secured by Apple Inc. in a UDRP case #D2015-0582 with a status of  Terminated . The terminated status often relates to the respondent not putting up a fight and transferring the domain name. According to whois records, Apple Inc is now the owners of the domain.

I tried to find an announcement as to when Apple Inc. announced  Apple ID  but was not able to find an actual date. An Apple ID is a  user name  associated with ones Apple account with services like iTunes.

The AppleID.com domain name has long been under whois privacy protection but on April 6, 2015 that was removed, displaying a  Hiroshi Kaneko  of Japan as the owner. According to Archive.org, AppleID.com resolved to a standard registrar default page in 2011 but no other recent records were available. AppleID.com now redirects to: https://appleid.apple.com/

AppleAccount.com

The AppleAccount.com domain name being registered since December 23, 2006 was won by Apple Inc. in case #D2015-0461

which you can view the evidence and findings of the case here.

The decision was stated:

For the foregoing reasons, in accordance with paragraphs 4(i) of the Policy and 15 of the Rules, the Panel orders that the disputed domain name <appleaccount.com> be transferred to the Complainant. Tuukka Airaksinen

Sole Panelist

Date: May 12, 2015

The domain names whois records have yet to update to Apple Inc. at the time of this article for AppleAccount.com. I had reported earlier on Apple securing the AppleID.com domain name here, so now with AppleAccount.com, this is the second recent domain won by Apple Inc. with a UDRP. 
2015-03-22
69% Of Americans Don't Want This Apple Inc. Product (Hint: It's Not an iPhone ... A new Reuters/Ipsos poll found that 69% of Americans aren't interested in buying the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch when it arrives on April 24. A quarter of the 1,245 respondents were interested in purchasing the smartwatch, while 6% were undecided.

Those figures might seem like bad news for Apple, but that demand is consistent with Wall Street expectations. Analysts expect Apple to sell between 10 million and 30 million units within the first year. By comparison, only 6.8 million smartwatches were shipped worldwide in 2014, according to market tracking firm Smartwatch Group.

What the survey actually tells us

The Apple Watch won't fully work unless paired with an iPhone. iPhones account for 43% of the U.S. smartphone market, according to Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, but Reuters' survey wasn't limited to iPhone owners.

Yet 13% of respondents who didn't own an iPhone (most likely Android users) would consider buying one just to purchase an Apple Watch. That figure was surprising, since only 720,000 smartwatches running Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android Wear shipped last year, according to Canalys. This suggests a possible lack of brand loyalty among U.S. Android users.

The number of U.S. smartphone users is expected to rise 11% year over year to nearly 183 million this year, according to eMarketer. If just 5% of those people buy an Apple Watch, compared to the 25% who expressed interest in the survey, we can conservatively estimate that Apple might sell around 9 million smartwatches in the U.S. alone.

The Apple Watch will initially launch in seven other countries -- Australia, Canada, China/Hong Kong, France, Germany, Japan, and the UK. Those markets have a much larger combined smartphone user base than the U.S., which means that overseas sales will likely surpass U.S. figures, helping worldwide sales reach the 20 million to 30 million range. At a base cost of $349, selling 30 million units would generate at least $10.5 billion in revenue, which would equal nearly 5% of Apple's projected revenue for fiscal 2015.

Lessons from the past

We should also recall that Wall Street analysts and critics tend to underestimate demand for new Apple products.

In 2010, the iPad had its fair share of skeptics. A survey by Morgan Stanley prior to the tablet's launch found that nearly 80% of respondents weren't interested in buying the iPad. After applying a 77% discount to those figures, Morgan Stanley estimated Apple might sell 7 million to 9 million iPads worldwide within the first 12 months. Apple crushed that estimate by selling 19.5 million iPads.

At the time, many critics dismissed the iPad as an oversized iPhone, and claimed that no distinct market existed between smartphones and PCs. Yet Apple defied expectations, and the iPad turned the niche tablet market into a mainstream one. The Apple Watch faces similar criticisms. Just like the iPad, many skeptics claim the smartwatch is a redundant device for a niche market.

The critical question now is whether Apple can turn the niche smartwatch market into a mainstream business as it did with smartphones and tablets.

The "three phases" of an Apple product launch

In 2010, David Pogue of The New York Times outlined the three phases of a "standard Apple new category roll out": speculation and hype, hands-off negativity, and release-date positivity.

Those three phases accurately describe the launches of the iPod, iPhone, and iPad. But those three product launches were all overseen by the late Steve Jobs. Prior to Jobs' return to Apple in 1997, the company launched terrible products including the Macintosh Performa (1992), Macintosh TV (1993), and the Bandai Pippin game console (1996) -- none of which enjoyed "release-date positivity." Will the Apple Watch follow in the footsteps of the iPod, iPhone, and iPad, or will it join those forgotten flops?

The road ahead

I believe the Apple Watch will easily meet or top Wall Street sales estimates, thanks to the strong momentum of iPhone 6 sales. Putting the Reuters survey in context with Apple's U.S. market share and smartphone penetration rate confirms that.

Yet I don't think the Apple Watch will be as revolutionary as the iPod, iPhone, or iPad for one simple reason -- it's not that different from other high-end smartwatches on the market. Instead, Apple will rely on its luxury appeal to sell comparable hardware at higher prices. It's a smart business move, but it's just not a technical leap on par with the launches of Apple's other core products. How Apple Inc. Goes From a Product to a Platform Company Today, Apple's (NASDAQ: AAPL) revenue comes primarily from products. The iPhone, in particular, provides most of the company's top line, accounting for 69% of total revenue in its first quarter of fiscal 2015. Since product revenue is inherently less predictable than service revenue, Apple tends to trade at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than platform peers such as Google and Microsoft. While Apple's recent increase in stock price has matched the company's P/E to Microsoft's, at 17 it still lags significantly behind Google's ratio of 28.

But Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty believes investors will soon begin to recognize Apple's value as a platform company, rather than as a less reliable and predictable product company. Predicting Apple's service revenue will grow substantially as a portion of revenue in the next few years, she is already pricing this platform mentality into her 12-month price target of $160 for Apple stock, up 25% from where it is trading today.

In a new report (via AppleInsider), Huberty pointed to recent speculation about a potential Apple television service to support her platform thesis.

Benefiting from cord cutters

Notably, the well-connected analyst acknowledged in her most recent note to investors that the sheer quantity and substance of recent rumors that Apple is working on an online TV offering to bundle content from major providers suggests the service is likely to become a reality. She also cited the recent price cut of the company's Apple TV hardware to $69 and HBO's surprising announcement of stand-alone access to its content through Apple TV as evidence the tech giant is thinking seriously about television content.

Huberty said now is a great time for Apple to launch this service. In a recent Morgan Stanley study, 20% of cable TV subscribers said they plan to "cut the cord" in the next 12 months as an increasing amount of content becomes available online. If Apple launches a TV service, Huberty said she believes the company is positioned to attract 15 million subscribers in the U.S., or 8% of its install base. She said this level of new subscribers to the new service could increase Apple's revenue by 2%.

How Apple's service revenue will get a boost

Apple's services revenue, which includes revenue from iTunes Store, App Store, the Mac App Store, the iBooks Store, AppleCare, Apple Pay, licensing, and "other services," accounts for just 6% of the company's top line. While Apple doesn't break down how much earnings each segment contributes to the bottom line, its services segment likely accounts for 6% of the company's earnings or less.

But with the help of Apple Pay, fast-growing App Store revenue, and a new TV service, Huberty believes Apple's services segment could account for 20% of total earnings within the next few years. To illustrate exactly where she expects the growth to come from, Huberty shared this chart of her predictions of Apple's services generally accepted accounting principles revenue mix through 2017.

While it could be argued Apple is already more of a platform company than the market admits given the loyalty of its customer base; the breadth of its ecosystem of products, software, and services; and its substantial pricing power, a growing services segment will only bolster the sustainability of the business and make it more of a platform company than ever before. 
2015-08-13
Apple Said to Delay Live TV Service to 2016 as Negotiations Stall Apple Inc. customers waiting for the company to revolutionize live television as it did for music and phone service will have to keep waiting, at least until next year.

The company wanted to introduce this year a live TV service delivered via the Internet, but is now aiming for 2016, said people familiar with Apple s plans. Talks to license programming from TV networks such as those owned by CBS Corp. and 21st Century Fox Inc. are progressing slowly, some of the people said. Apple also doesn t have the computer network capacity in place to ensure a good viewing experience, said some of the people, who asked not to be identified because the talks are private.

Without enough content deals in place, Apple has scrapped plans to announce the service at a Sept. 9 event in San Francisco, which would have coincided with the beginning of the new network TV season, the people said. The Cupertino, California-based company still plans to introduce a more powerful version of its Apple TV set-top box at the event, said the people, but customers -- for now, at least -- will need a cable or satellite TV subscription or an antenna to watch live network television.

Television programming is a key part of Apple s strategy to use music, information and entertainment to keep the company and its devices at the center of people s digital lives.

The main stumbling block is the price of content. Just as Apple once convinced music labels to sell songs for a lowly 99 cents, it wants to offer a package of popular channels for $40 a month, the people said. That s roughly half of the average cable bill in the U.S.

Higher Payments

The TV programmers expect to receive more, not less, money from new Internet-based services like Apple than from existing cable and satellite TV partners, because they re new to the market and are seeking to gain share. Talks with CBS, Fox and NBC, owned by Comcast Corp., have been mired for the past several months, said the people. The prospect of a new player willing to pay for their networks is particularly appealing to media conglomerates, given the declining number of pay-TV subscribers.

Negotiations between content providers and pay-TV companies often drag. Dish Network Corp. spent years securing a small bundle of cable channels for a service called Sling TV. Introduced in January, it includes Disney Co. s ESPN and Time Warner Inc. s TNT and a few other live channels at a cost of $20 a month.

Apple, which has been trying for more than a decade to remake video entertainment, is struggling to find the right mix of channels to appeal to cord-cutters for about $40, said the people, who couldn t say when or if the negotiations would be completed.

TV Revenue

A live TV service would provide a new revenue stream at a time when Apple is under pressure to bolster its long-term growth outlook. With iPhone sales slowing, the world s most valuable company is projected to grow revenue just 5.3 percent in 2016, down from 28 percent this fiscal year. Shares have fallen 13 percent since reaching this year s high of $133 on Feb. 23.

A TV service may generate $2 billion to $3 billion in revenue by 2018, said Daniel Ives, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets. That s not large relative to Apple s estimated $233 billion in sales for the fiscal year ending in September, but a TV service would be essential in helping the company become a one-stop shop for entertainment.

 Streaming TV would provide another future growth avenue into the next generation consumer,  Ives said.  It represents the next frontier for Cook & Co.,  referring to Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook.

Capacity Concerns

In addition to securing content, Apple has encountered problems creating a computer network that will ensure a fast, glitch-free viewing experience throughout the U.S. Such a network requires storing popular shows close to viewers, so each time a customer in New York for example wants to see local baseball game or the evening news, the shows don t have to be streamed all the way from one of Apple s four data centers in California, Nevada, North Carolina and Oregon.

 Apple could send every bit from one central point, but the bandwidth costs would be exorbitant,  said Nick Del Deo, an analyst at Moffettnathanson LLC.  Plus, the service would be terrible. 

Apple, Akamai

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Apple has worked for years with Akamai Technologies Inc., which runs a  content distribution network  of 170,000 servers in thousands of locations, to speed delivery of music, movie downloads and app updates. More recently, it has been building some of its own capacity, but doesn t have enough to support a major TV rollout, said the people. Apple was Cambridge, Massachusetts-based Akamai s largest customer last year, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

Akamai CEO Tom Leighton declined to say whether the company s increased spending was tied to an Apple TV service. Christine Monaghan, a spokeswoman for Apple, didn t immediately respond to a request for comment.

Apple also is in talks with at least one operator of small  micro-data centers  that have popped up in areas far from content distributors  large data centers. Part of Apple s challenge is its insistence on creating a broad, national TV service.

Buzzfeed first reported that Apple will introduce its new set-top device at the company s September event. Apple Inc. Versus Walt Disney: Similar Past, Similar Issues, Similar Future Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) are taking a beating lately on the market and they share the same issue at different levels   technological evolution. Both companies must please spoiled, greedy and very demanding investors. Both stocks had hit their all-time high in 2015 and both are strong buysat the moment.

Between July 15th and August 6th, both companies lost nearly 10% on the stock market. Is it something that will continue this fall? Is it time to let these two companies go as they had hit their all-time stock price highs not so long ago? By looking at their similarities, we will better understand what happened recently and what will happen next.

Source: Ycharts

Apple and Disney share a lot more than their Californian roots. They obviously don t operate in the same environment, but the sources of both their successes and recent issues are tied to the same reasons. Let s explore what two of the greatest American successes share in common.

Back on the Rail through Bold Moves

Historically, both companies were going nowhere not so long ago. In 2001, AAPL was going nowhere with their Macbook products. But Steve Jobs came out of nowhere and introduced the first iPod in October 2001. This evolution in the company led to the  iSeries  with its most popular product; the iPhone. Since then, the stock gained over 10,000 percent, yes 10,000.

Back in 2005, DIS animation studios were going nowhere and the company was counting solely on ESPN to generate growth. New CEO at that time Robert Iger, decided to make one of the boldest moves in Disney history; spending $7.4 billion to buy Steve Jobs  Pixar Animation Studios (what a coincidence!). Iger also bought Marvel and Lucas Film later on to generate even more growth. Since then, the stock has grown by over 400%.

This is obviously not as impressive as what AAPL did on the stock market, but for a company that is almost 100 years old and is not evolving in the fast growing techno sector, it is quite a feat.

The Client at the Center of All Strategies

It is not a surprise that the world s most valuable brand is Apple, but did you know that Disney is 11th on this prestigious ranking right before AT&T, Amazon, Nike and Walmart? (Source Forbes) The reason why these two brands are so strong is definitely because they share the same level of attention towards their clients.

This is also why both companies are ranked #1 (APPL) and #5 (DIS) for best customer experience (source Huffington Post).

Both companies share an obsession about details to create the most amazing experience for their clients. This is why families going to a Disney Park will be planning their next trip the day they arrive home and why Apple customers are eager to buy more Apple products than any other customer for any other ecosystem.

Counting on an enormous fan base is crucial when you launch new products and this is a great part of both companies success.

Perfect Product Ecosystems

As an investor, one thing I like more than a strong brand with great customer service is a company offering 10 different products that all go together. Apple has designed the most  perfect  product ecosystem where each piece can interact with another. At home, we have iPhones, ipods and ipads, now we are considering buying a Mac to fully integrate our setup.

Disney works the same magic with their production. They don t produce a movie like any other company. They produce the movie, create an animated series, sell you various toys and other derivative products on top of creating a whole amusement park based on what you saw, purchased and liked.

The product ecosystem is becoming more and more important these days as people don t have much free time on their own. If a company can offer various products connecting to each other and solving several needs, the customer will run towards this dealssaving amazing cost & time.

High Dividend Potential

From an investor s perspective, both companies are two cash money making machines that never sleep. I only purchase dividend stocks with a yield between 2.5% and 5% as I qualify myself as a dividend growth investor. I ve made two exceptions in my portfolios with AAPL and DIS paying close to 1.5% each. Both companies show payout ratios around 20% and have lots of cash to share with investors:

Source: Ycharts

Techno-Evo Concerns

The reason both stocks went down recently was the same one: concerns around technological evolution. Apple is selling less iPhones recently due to China s macro-economic problems. The company didn t share much iPhone improvement features to come that would be boost sales on a short term basis. Its latest product, the iWatch, doesn t show enough technology improvements to convince consumers to have a watch on top of an iPhone.

As for Disney, ESPN worries investors. The recent switch of customers moving away from classic cable TV to go on the web or pay for streaming services reduces ESPN viewers at the same time. Sports show productions is a cost prohibitive business and the company can t count on a growing member base anymore.

In both cases, technology evolves so fast that it changes existing markets, creating new ones and smashing parts of it (anyone remember what happened to the famous Blackberry?).

However, as far as I m concerned this is only noise around two of the most impressive companies ever managed. The real problem right now is that investors have become excessive with their expectations and probably think both companies will continue to skyrocket forever.

Sources of Growth for the Future

Both AAPL and DIS customer (fan) bases are not going to erode in the near future. The fact they have created strong brands with excellent customer service put both companies in a separate class for most people. They also have created two almost perfect product ecosystems where each product not only connects to another but encourages more purchases. The upsell stream is done at home while people are using APPL and DIS products.

Apple will definitely continue to generate enormous amounts of cash flow from its  iseries . However, I don t expect the company to skyrocket as it used too. We will probably see more dividend increases in the future and the company may eventually look more like  Microsoft  than a booming tech. Still, the company could become a dividend champion sharing the wealth with their shareholders for several years to come.

As for Disney, growth will come from the next Star Wars trilogy and a second Frozen movie. These two brands are big enough to support multiple derivative products for years to come. ESPN will continue to remain an important part of DIS but I think the growth will come from the  core business    family entertainment.

Both Great Buying Opportunities

At the moment, investors benefit from a break in a long stock price increase trend. This is a great moment to buy both companies as they will bounce back shortly.

Disclaimer: I m long AAPL, DIS.

Don t be late to the party   Click Here to see what 4500 Wall Street Analysts say about your stocks. 
2015-02-21
Apple Inc to Acquire Tesla Motors Inc for $75 Billion? Not a Chance According to Jason Calacanis, who bills himself as an "angel investor, entrepreneur, conference host, and podcaster," Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL)will spend $75 billion to acquire Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA) within the next year-and-a-half. While he listed a number of reasons for such a deal, his primary argument is that "once the [Tesla] Model 3 hits the road, Tesla's market cap would make a deal with Apple a merger -- not an acquisition."

In other words, Calacanis expects such a sharp upturn in Tesla financials once it launches the more affordable Model 3 car that its market capitalization could be well north of what even Apple could afford -- assuming, of course, Apple even wants to buy Tesla.

But this seems highly implausible to me.

Tesla is already quite richly valued

The first fundamental flaw with this claim is the idea that Tesla financials and market capitalization will skyrocket once the company is delivering relatively affordable electric vehicles in significant volumes. I would argue the current $25 billion market capitalization already bakes in some pretty high investor expectations.

To put this into perspective, current analyst consensus for Ford 2015 revenue -- keep in mind that Ford is already in the high-volume, mainstream automobile game -- sits at $143.7 billion, and its market capitalization is just shy of $64 billion as of this writing. Tesla trades at approximately 39% of Ford's market capitalization even though the upstart carmaker is projected to generate just 4% of its 2015 revenue.

Of course, Tesla is a much higher-growth company, and it is far "sexier" than Ford, so I do not take issue with Tesla getting a richer valuation. The problem, though, is that the stock price today -- at least, from what I can tell -- already bakes in a lot of future success.

That means when or if Tesla succeeds in driving more volume and growing its revenue significantly, the financials might improve, but I am not convinced this could lead to the huge growth in the stock price that Calacanis predicts.

Apple would be better off buying its own stock

If Apple were to drop $75 billion on Tesla today (a three times premium to the current market capitalization), it is highly questionable as to when the company could see a return on that investment. Tesla has outright stated it does not expect to be profitable on a GAAP basis until 2020.

In this scenario, not only would Apple have to wait five years before a single cent of profit showed up on the income statement, but Tesla operations could actually drag on Apple. If the company owns Tesla, and Tesla is losing money, then that comes straight out of Apple financials.

Additionally, since Apple would need to buy Tesla with U.S.-based cash or with stock, the deal would either force the tech giant to issue shares, undoing the benefits of previous stock repurchases, or to issue a hefty amount of debt, which means paying interest on that debt. Alternatively, Apple could repatriate its foreign-held cash and get hit with a huge tax bill, but that would probably be the least likely option.

If Apple is really itching to spend $75 billion on something, it would be far better for the company to simply buy back stock. At least in this case, Apple would shrink the number of shares outstanding, immediately providing a meaningful boost to earnings per share. In my humble view, that would certainly be a quicker and easier way to juice the bottom line than to spend an exorbitant amount of money on Tesla. 
2015-04-28
How Much Could Apple Buy With Its Cash? When Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) reported its latest quarterly earnings, the newest numbers revealed the world s largest public company just keeps getting bigger. Among a long list of staggering Apple statistics is the $193.5 billion in cash siting on Apple s balance sheet.

It s unclear what (if anything) Apple plans to do with this cash in the near future, but here is a fun list of things that Apple could do if it so desired.

1. Buy Every Major American Sports League

If Apple decided to get into the professional sports business, the bill for buying the  Big 4  American leagues would look something like this:

NFL: $45 billion

MLB: $36 billion

NBA: $33 billion

NHL: $15 billion

Grand total: $129 billion

Apple could easily handle that bill in cash and still get $64.5 billion in change.

2. Buy The American Auto Industry

There s been a lot of talk lately about Apple working on its own electric car. If the company ever gets tired of putting forth so much effort, it could easily get into the electric car business by simply buying Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA), valued at only $29 billion.

But what about the American auto industry competition? No worries, Apple could buy them, too!

Tesla: $29 billion

Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F): $63 billion

General Motors Company (NYSE: GM): $58 billion

Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (NYSE: FCAU): $21 billion

Grand total: $171 billion ($22.5 billion in change)

Related Link: Apple Earnings Live Blog: Q2 Conference Call

3. Buy The Airline Industry

If Apple decided it would rather pursue air transportation instead of road transportation, it would have no problem buying up the airline industry:

Delta Airlines Inc (NYSE: DAL): $38 billion

Southwest Airlines Co (NYSE: LUV): $28 billion

United Continental Holdings Inc (NYSE: UAL): $24 billion

Ryanair Holdings Plc (NASDAQ: RYAAY): $18 billion

Alaska Air Group, Inc. (NYSE: ALK): $9 billion

JetBlue Airways Corporation (NASDAQ: JBLU): $6 billion

Spirit Airlines Inc (NASDAQ: SAVE): $6 billion

Copa Holdings SA (NYSE: CPA): $5 billion

Allegiant Travel Co (NASDAQ: ALGT): $3 billion

Hawaiian Holdings Inc (NASDAQ: HA): $1 billion

Total: $138 billion ($55.5 billion in change)

4. Take On Exxon

Maybe Apple will decide to take on its closest market cap rival: Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE: XOM). While Apple doesn t have enough cash to buy Exxon, it has enough cash to buy about 3.4 billion barrels of oil. Apple could also afford to easily buy one or more Exxon rivals BP (NYSE: BP) ($130 billion), TOTAL SA (NYSE: TOT) ($127 billion) ConocoPhillips (NYSE: COP) ($83 billion) or Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (NYSE: APC) ($48 billion).

5. Go Stock Picking

Finally, Apple could decide it simply wants to buy up a basket of hot internet services and tech stocks. With the cash on its balance sheet, it could afford to buy the following basket of 10 companies:

Salesforce.com Inc (NYSE: CRM): $44 billion

Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO): $42 billion

Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX): $34 billion

Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR): $34 billion

Expedia Inc (NASDAQ: EXPE): $13 billion

GoPro Inc (NASDAQ: GPRO): $6 billion

Groupon Inc (NASDAQ: GRPN): $5 billion

Pandora Media Inc (NYSE: P): $4 billion

Yelp Inc (NYSE: YELP): $4 billion

Zynga Inc (NASDAQ: ZNGA): $2 billion

Total: $188 billion ($5.5 billion in change)

Posted-In: Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Why Apple's Dividend Increase Is A Disappointment This makes Apple a relatively unattractive stock for income investors. It may be time to consider taking some profits off the table and reinvesting in a higher-yielding stock.

Along with earnings results, Apple announced a major increase to its capital allocation program. Unfortunately, the bad news is that dividend investors are likely to be disappointed.

Apple delivered another earnings beat, thanks to strong the performance of the flagship iPhone 6 as well as continued growth in other categories such as the App Store and Mac sales.

Now that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is out with its highly anticipated quarterly earnings report, most of the attention is being given to the headline numbers. To be sure, the results were extremely impressive. Apple racked up another great quarter based on very strong iPhone sales, particularly in China. The technology giant easily topped analyst estimates on both revenue and profit as it has a history of doing.

But not all the news was positive. One item that the financial media is glossing over is Apple's disappointing 11% dividend increase. Apple announced a massive increase to its capital program, but the majority of capital returns will be conducted through share repurchases. Investors hoping that Apple would significantly increase its dividend, which seemed entirely appropriate given its fantastic earnings growth and mountain of cash on the balance sheet, should be disappointed.

Record Quarterly Performance

Last quarter, Apple grew earnings by 40% year over year to $2.33 per share. Revenue grew 27% to $58 billion. This is obviously a tremendous performance driven by the success of the iPhone 6. Apple grew iPhone revenue by 55% year-over-year. Apple sold 17 million more iPhones last quarter than the same quarter in 2014, and Apple also realized a higher price per device. Among geographic markets, China did most of the heavy lifting for Apple last quarter. Revenue in Greater China soared 71% year-over-year, and China now has surpassed Europe to become Apple's second-largest geography, behind the Americas.

With so much growth, the cash continues to pile up. Apple's cash hoard now totals $193.5 billion, up from $178 billion at the end of last quarter. This stunning amount of cash would normally allow a company to raise its cash dividend by huge amounts. And yet, while Apple did in fact raise its dividend, this is now the second year in a row of relatively low dividend growth. For income investors, Apple's dividend policy is a disappointment.

Where's The Beef?

It might seem ridiculous to say, but Apple has a cash problem. Not that there isn't enough of it. Rather, the problem is that, for the most part, Apple can't get to its own cash. That's because the vast majority of Apple's cash is held overseas. Approximately $171 billion, or 88%, of its $193.5 billion in cash and marketable investments is located offshore. Apple effectively can't get to this cash unless it's willing to pay a hefty repatriation tax, which it has signaled no intention of doing.

One remedy to this would normally be to access the debt markets, but Apple has already taken on a significant amount of debt over the past year. Apple now has more than $40 billion in long-term debt, an increase of more than $11 billion in just the past six months. Apple's long-term debt to equity ratio now stands at 31%, up nearly six percentage points in the same time. But Apple prefers to utilize these funds to finance a massive share repurchase program.

Along with earnings, Apple announced a new $200 billion capital allocation program, to be returned through March 2017. Of this, $140 billion, or 70%, will be used for buying back stock. Apple only increased its quarterly dividend by 11%, to $0.52 per quarter, after only a 7% increase last year. Apple's dividend growth has not kept up with its soaring stock price in the past year, and as a result, its dividend yield now significantly lags the broader market.

Income Investors May Want To Take Some Profits

Growth investors obviously should love Apple's capital return policy. The company is rapidly growing revenue and profits and is leveraging its balance sheet to buy back a ton of its stock. These initiatives should all help boost Apple's stock price. However, investors interested in Apple for its dividend will not be as thrilled with Apple right now. Apple stock, even including the dividend increase, yields just 1.5%. This is significantly below the S&P 500 average yield of around 2%.

Investors who have held Apple stock for any length of time are likely sitting on significant gains since Apple is up 115% in the past two years. For those who want income, it might not be a terrible idea to take some profits off the table and reinvest the proceeds in a stock that offers a more compelling dividend yield. I wrote about this possibility in this previous article.

My expectations were for at least a 25% dividend increase. That would have taken Apple's yield much closer to the market average. While I understand Apple's cash is held overseas for the most part, the company could still have done better than 11%. The company's capital allocation program is too heavily geared toward buybacks.

With such huge gains in the books, you can use those capital gains to your advantage, to buy a higher-yield dividend stock and generate significantly higher income. Income investors, take note: Apple does not intend to be a high-yield stock.

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 11 Of Apple's Worst Product Failures Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has an unrivaled history of success. The company s stock is up an astounding 2,470 percent in the past decade on the strength of revolutionary innovations such as the iPhone and iPad.

The tech world is anxiously awaiting new data on Apple s latest product rollout, the Apple Watch, which will come later today when the company releases its quarterly earnings report after the market closes.

While it sure seems like everything Apple has touched in recent years has turned promptly to gold, the long-term success of the Apple Watch is not necessarily a sure thing.

Here s a look at Apple's 11 biggest product flops, according to Info World:

1. Apple Lisa (1983-1985)

A product that was supposed to revolutionize the PC world ended up a massive failure. Lisa s $10,000 price tag was unpalatable to the public, and users also complained that the device was slow and ungainly.

2. Macintosh Portable (1989-1991)

While modern consumers complain about the bulkiness of the smartphones in their pockets, it s hard to imagine that Apple once marketed a 16-pound  portable  PC. Not surprisingly, competitors  6-pound notebook-style PCs soon drove the Macintosh Portable off the market.

3. Apple Newton MessagePad (1993-1998)

An early ancestor of the iPad, the Newton was bulky and hard to read, and the battery life was frustratingly short.

4. PowerBook Duo (1992-1995)

The PowerBook was an attempt by Apple to play catch-up in the notebook game, but the small keyboard, subpar screen and lack of an Ethernet port limited its mass appeal.

5. Macintosh Performa (1992-1997)

Apple s attempt at a lower-end PC sacrificed much of the quality associated with the Apple brand, cannibalized sales of Apple s pricier models, and still cost more than competitors  PCs.

Related Link: This Apple Trading Pattern Only Happened 2 Other Times IN the Past 7 Years

6. eWorld (1994-1996)

eWorld was Apple s failed attempt to compete with AOL Inc (NYSE: AOL), which was the only true Internet juggernaut in the mid-1990s.

7. Pippin (1995-1997)

When Apple s core PC business was under heavy pressure in the 1990s, the company attempted to compete with the likes of Sega, PlayStation and Nintendo by creating its own gaming console. Apple never ended up producing a single Pippin, opting instead to license the design to other companies.

8. Copland OS (1994-1996)

With the popularity of Windows 3.1 on the rise and Mac OS getting staler by the day, Apple demoed its new Copland OS in 1995. The unstable system was soon deemed hopelessly flawed, and its failure helped pave the way for the return of Steve Jobs to the company.

9. Macintosh clone (1995-1997)

Apple desperately attempted to stop the bleeding in the 1990s by licensing the rights for competitors International Business Machines Corp (NYSE: IBM) and Motorola Solutions Inc (NYSE: MSI) to produce Macintosh clones. The plan quickly backfired when Apple started losing market share to its own licensees.

10. Apple USB Mouse (1998-2000)

Apple s redesigned iMac line was a big hit. However, the bulky, disc-shaped USB Mouse didn t fit many users  hands, one of the few basic requirements of a mouse.

11. Power Mac G4 Cube (2000-2001)

Apple s last major face-plant, the G4 Cube had appealing, futuristic aesthetics. Unfortunately, functionality was not its strong point. The unit tended to overheat, had no room for full-length expansion cards and lacked audio input.

Posted-In: Apple Lisa Apple Newton Messagepad Apple USB Mouse Copland OS eWorld Macinstosh Portable Macintosh clonesTech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-05-19
Will Apple Inc.'s Tiny Ad Business Ever Grow Up? Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iAd, its fledgling Internet advertising business, is seldom mentioned in the same breath as industry giants Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB).

That's because iAd likely only generated $487 million last year, or 0.3% of Apple's 2014 revenue, according to research firm eMarketer. By comparison, Google and Facebook respectively posted $59.6 billion and $11.5 billion in ad revenue in 2014.

But looking ahead, Apple has a few opportunities to grow iAd's market share. Let's see whether they'll boost the business's weight on Apple's top line.

Getting cheaper and smarter

Apple introduced iAd in 2010 in response to Google's AdMob. Both platforms let developers embed ads directly into their apps.

With iAd, developers keep 70% of the ad revenue while Apple retains the rest. Apple initially set the minimum amount of an advertising contract at $1 million, which alienated many small businesses. Apple subsequently lowered that price to $500,000, $300,000, $100,000, and finally $50 to match AdMob's minimum ad spend and address low fill rates.

Apple recently beefed up the platform with automated and targeted ads. Last year, the company introduced automated ad buys to replace its sluggish system of manual purchases from the iAd sales team. It also introduced "retargeted" ads, which automatically change based on a user's in-app behavior across multiple iOS devices.

For example, if an iPhone user visits a retailer's website and places an item in a shopping cart but doesn't buy it, the retailer can automatically "retarget" that user with an ad for the same item on the user's iPad. This wasn't possible before, since iOS devices don't support the tracking cookies that follow users on PCs. Google and Facebook also offer targeted ads with single sign-ons that tether apps and websites to their ecosystems.

Apple Pay and iTunes Radio

Apple also plans to integrate iAd into Apple Pay with "tap-to-buy" buttons in mobile app ads. If these buttons fuel more impulse buys, more marketers might start taking iAd seriously. However, adding buy buttons isn't anything new -- Facebook, Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), and Google are all experimenting with similar features.

Apple's expansion into Internet radio with iTunes Radio and Beats also represents an opportunity to expand iAd's footprint. The free version of iTunes Radio, which launched in late 2013, is ad-supported and has about 27 million listeners. In March, Apple extended automated ad buys and targeted ads -- which cross references customer data anonymously against marketer data -- to iTunes Radio. Those changes could boost the volume and effectiveness of iTunes Radio ads.

These potential catalysts won't put Apple in the same league as Google or Facebook, but they could make iAd more attractive to marketers.

Potential pitfalls

While Apple doesn't intend to go toe-to-toe against Facebook or Google, their market dominance could limit iAd's appeal.

Facebook already has 1.44 billion monthly active users across the world, and 1.25 billion of them visit the website on mobile devices. For advertisers, that massive user base represents a gold mine of data for mobile ads. To help them out, Facebook tracks users' in-app behavior with single sign-ons, offers app install ads in its News Feed, and lets marketers advertise on third-party apps via its new Audience Network. Demand for Facebook ads is so high that the company can throttle the number of ads it displays each quarter to inflate prices. As a result, Facebook's average price per ad soared 285% annually last quarter even as ad views fell 62%.

Google, which generates less than a third of Facebook's revenue from mobile display ads, is still the undisputed king of desktop and mobile search ads. As long as Google remains the top search engine in the world, it will have plenty of data to offer marketers. Google also offers app-install ads on mobile devices.

Therein lies the problem with Apple's iAd. For iAd to become more appealing to advertisers, Apple must aggressively gather more user data. Yet that strategy contradicts CEO Tim Cook's thoughts on the company's future. In a recent interview with The Telegraph, Cook said the consumer was not a "product," and that Apple doesn't "make money selling your information to somebody else."

The key takeaway

iAd could grow much bigger over the next few years if Apple successfully expands it to newer services such as iTunes Radio and Apple Pay. But to keep up with fast-moving rivals such as Facebook and Google, Cook might have to change his idealistic views on user privacy. Whether Cook admits it or not, iAd is already following in Facebook and Google's footsteps with smaller, automated ad buys and cross-device targeted advertising. Apple Inc's Latest Acquisition Could Hurt Google Inc. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently acquired GPS firm Coherent Navigation, a developer of high-accuracy navigation systems, for an undisclosed amount. Coherent's system is more accurate than consumer-grade global positioning systems, which are generally accurate up to three to five meters. It can also acquire a user's position within a few seconds, compared to up to 40 seconds for a traditional GPS.

Coherent was founded in 2008, and previously worked with Boeing, satellite network operator Iridium, and the U.S. Department of Defense. It also worked on various robotics and autonomous navigation projects.

This isn't Apple's first investment in the location-tracking space. Since 2009, Apple purchased a series of small mapping firms, including Placebase, Locationary, and Hopstop. In 2012, it launched Apple Maps, which combined some of that in-house tech with licensed technologies from TomTom. There's also been lots of buzz about Apple possibly buying Nokia's (NYSE:NOK) HERE Maps division.

All these moves suggest that Apple is serious about growing Apple Maps' presence against Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Maps.

The evolution of Apple Maps

Apple mainly relies on hardware sales to drive its top line growth, yet location-tracking abilities generally help mobile software and advertising based companies like Google.

Last quarter, less than 9% of Apple's revenue came from software services like iTunes. Apple's fledgling mobile ad platform, iAd, only accounted for 0.3% of its top line last year, according to eMarketer's estimates. Therefore, improving the accuracy of Apple Maps won't directly boost the company's top line growth.

25% of U.S. smartphone users (iOS and Android) currently use Apple Maps, compared to 47% who use Google Maps, according to Comscore estimates. By comparing those figures with Apple's U.S. market share of 43%, we can estimate that roughly 58% of U.S. iPhone users use Apple Maps.

Why 58% isn't good enough

58% sounds like a solid percentage, but it's not enough to prevent Google's ecosystem from creeping into iOS with ecosystem apps like Maps, YouTube, Gmail, Google Now, and Google Drive.

Since Apple doesn't want iOS devices to generate search and ad revenues for Google, it started replacing Google services with its own. That's why it dropped Google Maps for Apple Maps, and replaced Google with Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Bing in default Siri and Spotlight searches. Bing will also likely replace Google as Safari's default search engine later this year.

Therefore, if Apple boosts Apple Maps' adoption rate in iOS to 100%, it will hurt Google's ability to gather location-based search data from iOS users. This means that apps like Google Now, which depend heavily on location and routine tracking, will be much less effective on iOS devices.

Google Now also represents a threat to Apple Watch. If Google makes Android Wear devices compatible with iOS, Google Now will deliver location-based cards to users' wrists, effectively tethering them to the Android ecosystem.

Long-term benefits

Curbing Google's growth on iOS devices is definitely Apple's priority, but we shouldn't overlook the long-term benefits of improved location-based tracking services.

If Apple plans to eventually invest in autonomous cars, as current rumors suggest, a highly accurate GPS service could be helpful. Google, for example, is currently remapping roads in a time-consuming, high-detail process to make them compatible with its autonomous cars.

Apple also reportedly has a small R&D team for developing augmented reality devices like Google Glass and Microsoft's HoloLens. These devices, which overlay digital imagery over real world objects, could benefit from high-accuracy location tracking. Tasks which require locating objects or individuals with a high degree of accuracy could also be made much easier with Coherent's technology.

The key takeaways

Investors shouldn't read too much into Apple's smaller individual acquisitions. But when they're made in a series -- like its location tracking acquisitions -- we should understand the bigger picture.

Apple's short-term goal is to boost the adoption rate of Apple Maps on iOS devices to prevent apps like Google Now from scaling the walls of its tightly controlled ecosystem. It's not about gathering user data or boosting ad revenue -- it's simply about widening its defensive moat. But over the next few years, a beefed up Apple Maps might play a part in the development of autonomous cars, augmented reality devices, or other products. Apple Inc. Skips Over Intel Corp's Broadwell for the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) today announced updates to its 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro and its 27-inch iMacs. These latest iterations of the systems still feature Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) Haswell processors, which were introduced in 2013 and refreshed in 2014.

This lack of an upgrade in the 27-inch iMac isn't much of a surprise given that the "true" successors to the higher-performance Haswell-based desktop processors won't come until later this year when Intel launches Skylake. The shocker for many, including myself, was that Apple seems to have skipped Intel's latest Broadwell for the refreshed 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro lineup, opting to stick with the Haswell processors.

What does this mean for Apple?

Apple brought enough at the system level to make this a reasonably compelling refresh for the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro. The company added a Force Touch trackpad, sped up the flash storage subsystem, updated the discrete graphics chip for the higher-end configuration (base remains with integrated graphics), and increased battery capacity.

Although this means users won't gain an increase in CPU performance relative to the 2014 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro, I doubt Broadwell would have brought sufficient improvement over Haswell to get owners of 2013/2014 15-inch Retina MacBook Pros to upgrade anyway.

Finally, I suspect Apple is paying less for these "mature" Haswell processors than it would for a newer and more-expensive-to-make quad-core Broadwell chip. This might help Apple offset the system-level cost increases associated with incorporating a Force Touch trackpad and a larger battery into the device.

What does this mean for quad-core Broadwell?

Sticking with Haswell isn't likely to hurt Apple, but it does have some interesting implications for the higher-end quad-core Broadwell processor that was expected to launch in the middle of this year.

The 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro is one of the highest-volume designs that use Intel's CPUs with integrated Iris Pro graphics. I suspect the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro and the $1,299 21.5-inch iMac combined make up the majority of Intel's Iris Pro-based processor shipments.

Without the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro, the market for the Broadwell chip with Iris Pro becomes substantially smaller. This will be offset to some degree by Intel's plan to bring the quad-core Broadwell with Iris Pro graphics in socketed form to enthusiast desktop users.

That said, I suspect most enthusiasts will opt to either buy Haswell chips today or wait for unlocked Skylake chips, which should launch in just a couple months.

Intel needs to get the quad-core Skylake chips out soon

From a commercial standpoint, the quad-core Broadwell for mobile is more or less a lost cause. For whatever reason, it's not inside the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro, and although Apple could refresh the 21.5-inch iMac to include this chip, I wouldn't be at all surprised to see Apple wait for Skylake before refreshing the system.

Intel now must roll out the quad-core mobile Skylake chips as quickly as possible. The chipmaker also needs to make sure that it rolls out the entire Skylake family much faster than it did Broadwell.

With the Haswell generation, Intel was powering the 2013 MacBook Air in June, and by October Apple was launching the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro with Iris Pro graphics. That's just four months for Intel to get all of its Haswell PC chips rolled out and in major quantities.

If we assume a quad-core Broadwell launch in June, then Intel will have taken about nine months (the first Core M chips launched in September) to launch all of the client Broadwell chips.

Now, suppose Intel can get its Skylake family out in roughly the same time it took to issue all of the Haswell parts. If we assume the initial wave of Skylake parts comes in the third quarter (as PC vendor Asus outright said in a recent investor presentation), then Intel might have the Skylake parts with Iris Pro graphics available for systems launching in late 2015/early 2016. Apple Inc. Secures AppleID.com Domain Name Apple Inc. has secured the domain name AppleID.com according to whois records from a Hiroshi Kaneko of Toyko. The domain name was registered May 26, 2004 and held the same registrant email ever since being created, which indicates that Hiroshi has owned the domain name ever since creation.

The Apple Id is a  user name  used for iTunes, iCloud and many of Apple s products and services.

Interesting to note, Apple also registered the domain name AppleIdStore.us on May 16, 2015. The .com was registered recently on 1/30/2015 by a company in China and the .net was also registered by somebody other than Apple on 4/4/2015. Did those two registrants have some insider information?

I think the focus here is on the  store  part, as the Apple ID isn t something  new  although they have recently secured the AppleID.com domain. That alone can point to the company planning on doing something  bigger  with it.

During some research, IdStore.com was acquired on 7/22/2014 by Discovery Communications and redirects to http://store.discovery.com/?v=investigation-discovery which is for a TV show, so that domain is not owned by Apple.

Apple currently uses the sub-domain appleid.apple.com to direct users to the Apple Id page but this will likely include at least a redirect of AppleID.com to that sub-domain or some kind of use for the newly acquired domain name.

In general, Apple isn t a huge domain name lover as they often launch products and services without owning the exact match domain name. They clearly own many domains to products and services they offer but not as much as many other companies of there size.

Here is a screenshot of the recent update to whois records showing Apple Inc. as the new owners of the AppleID.com domain.

This will be something to keep an eye on as to what they do with AppleID.com and if they make some kind of play with Apple ID Store.

Update: A UDRP filing has just shown up that was filed by Apple on the AppleID.com domain name but has since been terminated. This often indicates that the owner of the domain name gave it up without a fight, so no ruling was needed. TomTom extends Apple agreement  Apple gets partial win on appeal in Samsung patent case - Reuters  
2015-08-20
Why Apple, Inc. Is a Better Dividend Stock Than You Think For investors looking for income, there are a number of excellent dividend stocks with yields greater than 3%. Indeed, there are probably a handful of dividend stocks worth owning for the long haul with yields above 5%. Better yet, a fraction of these stocks likely increase their dividend every single year.

With this said, some investors may wonder how could Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), with its paltry dividend yield of 1.8%, could be considered an excellent dividend stock?

Apple's dividend

Under Steve Jobs' leadership, Apple never paid a dividend. Yes, between Jobs first and second reign at Apple, the company did pay a dividend, but it wasn't until Tim Cook took over the tech giant and its cash hoard was approaching $100 billion that its board told investors it was again actively discussing a dividend. And then in 2012, after its cash had swelled to $117 billion, it finally paid out some cash to shareholders.

Meanwhile, Apple's cash reserve has only grown. It now holds $202.8 billion in cash and marketable securities.

Since it reinitiated a dividend in 2012, Apple has increased its dividend three times -- once every year. And management has said it plans to continue this practice going forward.

Why Apple is a great dividend stock

Today, Apple has the key qualities of an excellent dividend stock. Indeed, a close look at the drivers for the tech giant's dividend reveal substantial room for upside in the payout.

Here are three reasons dividend investors should be excited to hold Apple in their portfolio despite the stock's short dividend history and its fairly low dividend yield today.

1. Apple is an excellent company. Every buy-and-hold investor, whether they are looking for income or not, should first ensure their investment has the characteristics of an excellent company.

Even without analyzing Apple's financial statements, it's probably pretty clear to most investors that Apple isn't going anywhere. The company has legions of highly loyal customers deeply ingrained in the Apple ecosystem of pricey gadgets. And this ecosystem has continually grown beyond products, as Apple builds out its software and services with iTunes, Apple Pay, Apple Music, and more.

But for those wanting more proof of the company's staying power, a quick glance at its financial statement reveals unorthodox gross profit margins that have ranged between 29% and 44% during the past 10 years -- clear evidence of Apple's consistent pricing power with customers and its scale.

2. Exemplary capital allocation. Even before Apple began paying a dividend in 2012, it could be argued that the tech giant was a grade A example of excellent stewardship. When Jobs returned to the company for the second time as CEO, every dollar spent on R&D, marketing, and acquisitions seemed to churn out a handsome return on investment. And relative to the company's size, Apple has always avoided overspending on acquisitions (an unhealthy habit that has plagued Microsoft for years).

This excellent fiduciary responsibility continues today; management has proven to be opportunistic with buybacks -- and it has worked wonderfully. Aggressively repurchasing shares, its share count is down 13% since the program began in 2012. Better yet, Apple has repurchased the majority of these shares at prices well below where the stock is trading today.

3. Boatloads of free cash flow. A look at the company's financial statements shows there's plenty of room for future dividend hikes.

Apple's free cash flow in the trailing 12 months is a whopping $69.4 billion. Calculated by subtracting capital expenditures from cash flow from operations, this is the cash generated from its business after all necessary expenses to maintain Apple's current business and after cash used to invest in growth. In other words, free cash flow is the good stuff left over to be used in activities like dividends, share repurchases, and future acquisitions.

And Apple is currently only paying out a fraction of this free cash flow in dividends. In the trailing 12 months, Apple paid out $11.4 billion in dividends.

Another way to analyze the potential upside for the company's dividend is to calculate the payout ratio, or the percentage of earnings paid out in dividends. Apple's payout ratio is just 22%.

To be fair, much of Apple's cash is overseas, making it difficult for the company to pay it out to shareholders. And Apple's preference for returning cash to shareholders may continue to skew toward repurchases. But even after continued repurchases and the limitations of overseas cash, the tech giant's significant free cash flow and comparatively small payout in dividends leave room for meaningful dividend increases for years to come.

Sure, the opportunity for dividend investors in Apple stock may not be as enticing as it was in 2013 when shares were trading at about half where they are today, but the opportunity for income and share appreciation is still looking good. Oh No! An Apple, Inc. "Death Cross" is Coming! An Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) "Death Cross" is coming! An Apple "Death Cross" is coming! Oh no!

Calm down, these things happen from time to time. Chart readers and market technicians put an awful lot of weight in moving averages. I would know, as I used to talk to hyper-active day traders (those that traded a minimum of 500 times per year, with some that traded upwards of 50,000 times per year) on a daily basis in a former life. That demographic is likely freaking out right about now, as the ominous sounding "Death Cross" has been spotted on the horizon of Apple's price chart.

As a refresher, a "Death Cross" is when a stock's 50-day simple moving average crosses below the 200-day simple moving average. The thinking behind the formation is that if the more responsive 50-day SMA crosses below the slower-moving 200-day SMA, then a trend reversal is in store and some downside is to be expected. Cue the headlines now.

It probably goes without saying, but we Fools tend to shy away from reading charts. As far as this "Death Cross" noise goes? It's just plain silly.

A walk down memory lane

It's true that the last time the "Death Cross" was spotted in 2012, shares lost over 25% of their value in subsequent months.

However, it's also true that investors who took advantage of the weakness and bought at 2013 lows of around $55 (split-adjusted) would be sitting on over 100% gains right about now. Chances to double your money on Apple in just over two years don't come around very often these days, with the Mac maker now being the most valuable publicly traded company on Earth.

Going further back, there was another "Death Cross" spotted in 2008. Actually, there were two that occurred within about six months. Shares did fall throughout 2009, but you might remember a little event that I like to call the "Global Financial Crisis" and the related volatility that could have had something to do with it. We don't even need to discuss what kind of returns you'd be enjoying if you bought during the market bottom of 2009.

The 2006 "Death Cross" was quite muted. Shares dipped for a couple of weeks but promptly recovered.

This was all before the iPhone was officially unveiled.

There's plenty more where that came from

The overarching theme here is that "Death Crosses," and technical analysis generally don't yield consistent results from their predictions. Long-term investors should focus on a company's fundamentals instead of short-term chart patterns. Don't just take my word for it though. Schaeffer's Investment Research has done some extensive number crunching on Apple's history of "Death Crosses" going all the way back to 1990 and you can quickly see the lack of consistency or predictability.

Apple has been pulling back lately, but I think the current share weakness is more of a buying opportunity. If the "Death Cross" sentiment makes shares even weaker, I'd just consider it even more of a buying opportunity. Apple Inc. (AAPL): Debunking the Death Cross Hype There's been a lot of chatter on financial media about an impending "death cross" for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL). In a nutshell, a death cross is when a shorter-term moving average bearishly crosses a longer-term moving average, and most analysts focus on the 50-day and 200-day trendlines. The term was most recently in the Wall Street lexicon after the Dow's trendlines crossed earlier this month. Against this backdrop, we decided to take a look at past death crosses for AAPL, and what they could mean -- if anything -- going forward. You might be surprised.

At last check, AAPL is down 2.4% to sit at $112.28, following the broader equities markets lower. After spending most of the year bumping up against resistance in the $130 neighborhood, the stock took a turn for the worse late last month, and has surrendered more than 7% so far in August. The Dow bigwig's 50-day and 200-day moving averages are nearing one another, sitting around $123 and $121.60, respectively.

Schaeffer's Senior Quantitative Analyst Rocky White crunched the numbers to see how AAPL has performed historically after death crosses. The last time the aforementioned trendlines threw up this signal was late 2012. In the week after, AAPL fell another 4.4%. Those losses steepened to nearly 20% after three months.

It was even worse in September 2008, with AAPL down more than 32% three months after a death cross. However, one could argue that 2008 wasn't a good time to be long, like, at all.

In the grand scheme of things, though, the death cross hasn't been as scary as it sounds -- for AAPL, anyway. Since 1990, AAPL has made 17 death crosses. In the week after, the stock averaged a smaller return than usual -- 0.08%, compared to 0.6% -- but has been positive 53% of the time, in line with AAPL's anytime returns.

Going out to three months after this allegedly bearish signal, AAPL's average return is 9.8% -- higher than the stock's anytime three-month return of 7.8%. The same applies looking six months out; post-death cross, AAPL averages a gain of 18.1%, compared to its anytime gain of 16%. So, is the death cross really a long-term bullish signal?

Among other S&P 500 Index (SPX) components whose 50- and 200-day moving averages are within close proximity -- under a 2% gap as of yesterday: fellow Dow components Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CSCO), Boeing Co (NYSE:BA), International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE:IBM), and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT); retailer TJX Companies Inc (NYSE:TJX); tech concern F5 Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ:FFIV); and auto issues CarMax, Inc (NYSE:KMX) and AutoNation, Inc. (NYSE:AN). 
2015-12-30
Apple Inc. and Pep Boys Rise as Stock Market Indexes Jump Stocks logged strong gains today. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) gained 192 points, or 1.1%, and the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) rose by 22 points, or 1.1%. With just two trading days left in 2015, the S&P is 1% higher, year-to-date, while the Dow is down just slightly.

Investors received two pieces of positive economic news this morning. First, the latest consumer confidence survey showed an uptick in confidence that was driven by an improving outlook for the job market . Second, housing prices managed a solid 5.2% gain in October, according to the S&P Case Shiller Home Price Indices.

As for individual stocks, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Pep Boys (NYSE:PBY) made unusually large gains today.

Apple's iPhone debate

Tech titan Apple was the second best performer on the Dow, with its 2% gain marking a slight rebound from the 10% drop that shareholders have seen in the last month. The stock is now sitting at roughly where it started the year -- running about even with the S&P 500.

The recent dip came as investors worried that iPhone demand may be slowing. A few Wall Street analysts have predicted that the iPhone 6s might not sell as briskly as Apple had hoped. Others, including those from Raymond James, are on the record warning that this iPhone cycle won't be especially strong. The firm's early December web survey suggested that "modestly fewer iPhone upgrades are likely in the coming 3 and 12 months than a year ago." Meanwhile, research firm IDC is predicting that the current quarter will mark Apple's first one in which iPhone sales decline, year-over-year.

On the other hand, there are reasons to remain optimistic. CEO Tim Cook told investors in late October that management believes iPhone will mark growth this quarter. "We base that on what we are seeing from a switcher point of view -- we recorded the highest rate on record for Android switches last quarter at 30 %," he said. Market share gains, along with a huge base of users ready to upgrade from older generation iPhones lays out a "very open field," according to Cook.

Pep Boys' $1 billion price tag

Automotive parts and service retailer Pep Boys jumped 9% higher today on news that the bidding war for the company -- between investor Carl Icahn and Japanese tire maker Bridgestone   has crossed the $1 billion mark. Icahn raised his offer to $18.50 per share, which Pep Boys said now represents the leading bid for its business. With today's advance, Pep Boys' stock is now up by a whopping 93% in 2015.

That leap has come despite unimpressive earnings results. The company said earlier this month that comparable-store sales fell slightly over the last nine months. Sure, Pep Boys' year-to-date profit improved to $18 million from a loss of $1 million over the same period in 2014 and gross profit margin held steady at 30% of sales, but customer traffic trends aren't pointing in the right direction: Pep Boys suffered a decrease in both its merchandise and service sales for the third quarter.

Yet investors seem to be banking on more gains ahead. The stock is trading at above the latest bid price, suggesting that shareholders believe a higher offer might be on the way. Apple to pay Italy 318 million euros, sign tax deal - source The Apple Inc. logo is seen through raindrops on a window outside of its flagship store in New York in this file photo taken January 18, 2011. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files TPX IMAGES OF THE DAY

An Apple logo is seen inside the Apple Store in Palo Alto, California November 13, 2015. REUTERS/Stephen Lam

An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City in this file photo taken July 21, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files

A customer enters the new Apple store at Covent Garden in London, England, in this August 7, 2010 file photo. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett/Files

A figure of Apple founder Steve Jobs is seen in a craft shop in Naples, Italy, in this October 7, 2011 file photo. REUTERS/Ciro De Luca/Files

MILAN Apple Inc will pay Italy's tax office 318 million euros ($348 million) to settle a dispute over allegations it failed to pay taxes for six years, a source with direct knowledge of the matter said on Wednesday.

The maker of iPhones and iPads will also sign an accord next year on how to manage its tax liabilities from 2015 onward, the source said.

The deal comes as the European Union and national governments take a tougher stand against profit-shielding arrangements used by multinational companies.

Italian prosecutors have been investigating allegations that Apple failed to pay corporate taxes to the tune of 879 million euros in 2008-2013 by reducing its taxable income when it booked profits generated in Italy through its Irish subsidiary, sources told Reuters earlier this year.

"Apple will pay the tax agency 318 million euros and will sign a new tax accord for fiscal years 2015 onwards early next year," the source said.

The tax office earlier confirmed a report in La Repubblica newspaper that it had reached a deal with Apple, but declined to say how much the U.S. company had agreed to pay.

The source said that while the judicial probe, which also involves three Apple managers, remained open for now, the settlement with the tax agency would likely have a positive impact on the investigation.

Apple could not immediately be reached for comment. Previously the company told Reuters that it is one of the largest taxpayers in the world and paid every euro of tax it owed wherever it did business.

The global financial crisis spurred cash-strapped governments to crack down on tax avoidance and prompted complaints that companies cutting their tax bills to the bare minimum were getting an advantage in breach of EU rules.

The agreement with Italy comes as an EU tax ruling on Apple's dealings with Ireland is looming. The EU last year accused Ireland of swerving international tax rules by letting Apple shelter profits worth tens of billions of dollars from revenue collectors in return for maintaining jobs.

The ruling could have a "material" impact on Apple if it was determined that Dublin's tax policies represented unfair state aid, forcing the U.S. company to pay past taxes for up to 10 years, it has said.

Apple is one of several companies, including Google and Amazon, to become the target of tax inquiries in Europe and beyond.

The European Commission has already ordered Dutch authorities to recover up to 30 million euros from U.S. coffee chain Starbucks and Luxembourg to do the same with Fiat Chrysler for their tax deals.

Apple is also facing criticism on its home turf in the United States because of the so-called inversion deals, whereby a company redomiciles its tax base to another country.

Apple holds $181.1 billion in offshore profits, more than any other U.S. company, and would owe an estimated $59.2 billion in taxes if it tried to bring the money back to the United States, a recent study based on SEC filings showed.

In a recent interview with the CBS television news show "60 Minutes," Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook dismissed as "total political crap" the notion that the tech giant was avoiding taxes. He also dismissed the idea of bringing profits back to the United States because of the cost to the company.

"I don't think that's a reasonable thing to do," he said.

(Editing by Paola Arosio, Mark Potter and Alan Crosby) Acquisition ideas for Apple in 2016 Apple Inc. is sitting on hundreds of billions in cash and could be facing a 2016 downturn in sales of its main product, the iPhone. So will Chief Executive Tim Cook go shopping?

Apple AAPL, -0.53% has never been a very acquisitive company, but Cook has gone through with the biggest deal in the company s history, the $3 billion acquisition of Beats Electronics Inc., and could further stamp his name on the world s most valuable company with another purchase.

 I think, if you look back at Apple s history, they don t necessarily go out and buy high-profile names,  said Brendan Connaughton, chief investment officer of ClearPath Capital Partners.  Of course, history changes as Apple has changed, and now they re looking for growth in a broader sense. 

Apple seems primed to make a big deal, as the company has more than $200 billion in cash and faces a difficult path to growth thanks to record sales of iPhones in 2015 that will be difficult to top.

The company has been sating shareholders with dividends and buybacks, but could decide to make a big splash in a hot market for mergers and acquisitions, especially if Cook gets the tax reform for which he has openly campaigned.

 I think Cook, with a few hundred billion of cash in the coffer, is starting to get to a point where cash is almost an overhang,  FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives said.  They have to put that to use, either through accelerated buybacks [or] through M&A. 

If Apple does go shopping, especially with repatriated cash, it could afford just about anything Cook wanted. So what would be on the list? Here are some ideas. 
2015-09-02
Is This Evidence of Apple, Inc.'s Moat? It was June 2014, and all the buzz was about Amazon.com's (NASDAQ:AMZN) foray into smartphones with its Fire phone. Some media outlets even heralded the device as a challenger to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Samsung's industry-leading iPhone and Galaxy smartphones. Many, of course, predicted that Amazon's phone wouldn't budge the two tech giants.

Fast-forward just over a year, and it turns out that not only did Apple and Samsung remain completely unchallenged by the Fire phone, but Amazon has also resigned from any efforts to make any more smartphones. While this product failure certainly makes a great case study for why Amazon should have never made a smartphone in the first place, it also illustrates how hard it is to compete in the iPhone-dominated premium-priced smartphone category.

Apple's moat

Investors looking for excellent long-term investments usually look for the business to have some sort of enduring competitive advantage. This is a proven practice for long-term investors, popularized by famed investor Warren Buffett. Buffett calls these competitive advantages "moats."

"I look for economic castles protected by unbreachable 'moats'," Buffett has said.

He continues to emphasize the importance of moats to this day, noting in his 2014 shareholder letter that the variety of businesses owned by Berkshire are "protected by wide moats." He also praised the enduring moat of subsidy Geico for its "enduring" moat in the form of the insurance company's low operating costs.

What is Apple's "moat"? The company has three critical competitive advantages that have been demonstrated consistently since Apple launched the iPod.

An increasingly robust ecosystem of integrated hardware, software, and services, which serves to keep customers locked into Apple's unique and comprehensive portfolio of products, evidenced by Apple's unmatched customer retention. Pricing power, seen in the company's ability to consistently charge higher prices across its product line. Scale, demonstrated in Apple's superior gross profit margins and its ability to keep operating expenses as a small portion of revenue relative to competition.

Combining all three of these competitive advantages, Apple, with what seems to be an unbreachable moat, is a ruthless competitor at the high end.

With these competitive advantages, it could be argued that given the sheer size of Apple's moat when Amazon launched its Fire phone, the only premium smartphones set to compete with Apple at the time were the ones already established brands already competing with it, i.e. Samsung.

As a side note, virtually every premium alternative to iPhone is struggling to compete with Apple more recently. Year-over-year comparisons in the premium smartphone market are basically only looking favorable for Apple at this point. A note from HTC management in a recent press release sums up the dire state for Apple's competitors at the high end:

Weaker than expected demand at the high end, consistent with Android market, along with weak sales in China, lead to a year on year fall in the second quarter.

As demand for iPhone at the high end in China surges and as increasingly better and cheaper alternatives make inroads in the market, Apple's competitors are losing momentum.

Competing with a giant

The first major sign of Amazon's missteps with the Fire phone was a $170 million inventory charge a few months after it launched Fire phone to uninterested consumers. While a fairly significant number to Amazon, this is like spare change to Apple; these days, Apple is generating about $50.7 billion a year in net income, and most of this is attributable to iPhone. Compare this to Amazon's $188 million loss in the trailing twelve months. Lacking comparably sizable net income and absent virtually any revenue generated from premium-priced hardware, Amazon arguably never had the resources to enter the smartphone market in the first place.

Further, Amazon lacks a respectable ecosystem of integrated hardware, software, and services to drive sufficient interest for a smartphone launch. Amazon's portfolio of native product hardware represents only a fraction of its $96 billion in annual revenue. Conversely, hardware -- particularly the iPhone -- accounts for nearly all of Apple's $224 billion trailing-12-month revenue.

Apple, therefore, dwarfs Amazon's available resources, as well as its existing customer base for natively branded mobile devices. Simply put, competing with Apple and its wide moat isn't an easy task to accomplish, and Amazon is a case in point.

Sure, Amazon probably never intended for its smartphones to seize a sizable portion of market share from Apple. However, if the company wants to sell smartphones at an iPhone price point, it's going to have to offer compelling software, hardware, and service total package, as well as complementary products; and it was clear from day one this was nearly an impossible task for the company. Indeed, this is a testament to how difficult it would be for any newcomer to try to compete with Apple on its own premium-priced turf. Did Apple Inc. Just Save Best Buy Co. Inc? Best Buy (NYSE:BBY) recently posted solid second-quarter earnings that beat analyst estimates on both the top and bottom lines. Let's take a closer look at Best Buy's numbers and how Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) fits into Best Buy's long-term growth strategy.

An impressive quarter

Last quarter, Best Buy's revenue rose 0.8% annually to $8.53 billion, beating expectations by $240 million. Comparable-store sales climbed 3.8%, while the consensus estimate was for 1% growth. Non-GAAP earnings rose 17.6% to $174 million, or $0.49 per share, topping expectations by $0.15.

Best Buy's strong domestic sales, which climbed 3.9% to $7.88 billion, offset a 26% sales decline in its smaller international segment. The company's domestic comparable sales improved 2.7%, fueled by rising sales of home appliances and installment billings related to the strong housing market.

The "Apple effect"

During the conference call, CEO Hubert Joly noted that connected devices, like smart home appliances and wearable devices, would be "positive catalysts in quarters to come." In the wearables segment, the Apple Watch is expected to be a standout performer during the current quarter.

Joly declared that "demand for Apple Watch has been so strong" that Best Buy now plans to sell Apple Watches at all 1,050 of its big-box stores and 30 of its Best Buy Mobile Stores by the end of September. That's a big increase from its original plan to sell the device at 300 locations by this holiday season. That's surprisingly good news for Apple investors, since several analysts recently slashed their full-year estimates for Apple Watch sales.

Best Buy will also upgrade Apple's shop-in-shops at 740 locations with new fixtures and display tables for phones, tablets, and computers. The upgrades have already been completed at 350 stores, and another 170 locations will be completed before the holiday season starts. Best Buy will also start selling AppleCare product service and support this quarter, and turn 50 locations into authorized service providers.

How Best Buy stays relevant

Tightening its relationship with Apple helps Best Buy stay relevant against online-only competitors. In the past, Best Buy lost business to online retailers because customers would use its stores as big showrooms for online purchases. The arrival of smartphones and price scanning apps exacerbated that problem.

However, Best Buy noticed how customers flocked to Apple's brick-and-mortar stores despite being able to buy its products online. That's why it started adding Apple shop-in-shops to its big-box stores in 2007. Apple Stores, even tiny shop-in-shops, can have a halo effect on their surroundings by boosting foot traffic. Real estate research firm Green Street Advisors claims that Apple Stores boost mall sales by about 10%, which gives Apple the ability to negotiate dirt cheap rental fees from mall operators.

Apple isn't Best Buy's only major store-in-store partner. Its top rival, Samsung,also has a considerable presence in its big-box stores. Best Buy showcases Samsung's electronic devices in Samsung Experience Shops in most of its stores, and will launch 225 Samsung Open Houses for its appliances by the end of the year. It also hosts over 600 of Samsung's home theater store-in-stores.

Fresh tactics

Whereas many big-box retailers consider "showroom" to be a dirty word, Best Buy embraced the idea with its store-in-store strategy. But it's also beefing up its online options to compete more effectively against online-only rivals.

Best Buy uses its large network of brick-and-mortar stores as fulfillment centers for online orders, and offers free two-day shipping or in-store pickup from a customer's closest store. It also matches online prices and uses online-only flash sales to keep customers coming back to its website. The company has also enhanced its website with new payment options and the ability to search and shop by brand, and upgraded its recommendation engine. Those efforts helped Best Buy's domestic online revenue rise 17% annually and account for 8% of its top line.

The key takeaway

A few years ago, it looked like Best Buy was doomed. But under Joly, who took over the top spot in 2012 and implemented his "Renew Blue" strategy, the retailer stabilized its business by shrinking its brick-and-mortar presence, expanding its online one, and beefing up its store-in-store strategy to showcase popular brands like Apple and Samsung. These strategies could keep Best Buy surprisingly relevant even as its big-box rivals slowly fade away.

Editor's note: This article has been updated to reflect that the Apple Watch didn't have a material impact on Q2 numbers at Best Buy. Apple Inc. Could Have Trouble Selling a $200 Apple TV Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) could launch its new Apple TV soon, which will reportedly be powered by an A8 chip and cost between $149 and $199. If those rumors are correct, the new "Apple TV 4" would be a big upgrade from its predecessor, which is powered by an A5 chip and costs just $69.

Apple is expected to unveil the new Apple TV alongside its next-gen iPhones at its Sept. 9 event. TechCrunch claims that the new device will feature a dedicated store for apps and games, an SDK for developers, and a new remote equipped with motion sensors, a touchscreen, and a microphone for Siri integration. Apple previously stated that the Apple TV would serve as a central hub for HomeKit compatible smart home devices. The device is also expected to host its upcoming streaming video service, which will reportedly cost $40 per month.

Those new features sound impressive, but I think Apple may have overestimated its appeal. If the new Apple TV really costs around $200, it could be quickly marginalized by competing devices.

The business of set-top boxes

In the United States, Roku, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) accounted for 86% of the streaming device market last year, according to research firm Parks Associates.

Roku and Google's Chromecast were the market leaders in 2014, respectively accounting for 37% and 19% of streaming device usage in the United States. Apple TV ranked third with 17%, while Amazon came in fourth with 14%. But in terms of overall U.S. shipments, Apple slipped to fourth place, mainly because it didn't launch a new streaming device last year.

Prior to Google's launch of the Chromecast in July 2013, Parks Associates stated that Roku accounted for nearly half of all U.S. streaming shipments while Apple contributed over a fourth. This means that Chromecast's big gains reduced Roku and Apple's market shares. The Chromecast had two main selling points: its low price tag of $35 and its convenient dongle form factor. The success of the Chromecast forced both Roku and Amazon to launch comparably priced streaming sticks.

Meanwhile, the price of set-top boxes kept declining. Today, Roku's most expensive set-top box, the Roku 3, only costs $110. Like the Apple TV 4, it has a microphone-equipped remote and the ability to play games. Amazon's Fire TV set-top box offers the same features for just $99.

Overplaying its hand

It could be tough for Apple to sell its new Apple TV for $149 to $199, especially when the cheaper third-generation version lost ground to Google and Amazon. That competition likely caused Apple to slash the price of the latest Apple TV from $99 to $69 back in March.

Apple might believe that its brand appeal will allow it to sell the new Apple TV at higher prices, but past sales figures indicate that its set-top box remains largely ignored by Apple customers. In March, CEO Tim Cook revealed that 25 million Apple TVs had been sold to date -- up from a cumulative total of 20 million in April 2013. Selling about 5 million Apple TVs a year pales in comparison to the 169 million iPhones and 68 million iPads Apple sold in fiscal 2014.

It might seem unfair to compare set-top boxes directly to smartphones and tablets since it's a considerably smaller market. However, demand for streaming devices is rising as the smartphone and tablet markets plateau. NPD Group estimates that 25% of U.S. households will own at least one streaming device by the end of 2015, up from 16% last year. That steep growth means that Apple can't keep pace with the market by simply selling 5 million devices per year. The more logical move for Apple to take is to sell the new Apple TV at a lower price and use it as a loss-leading ecosystem play like Amazon's Fire TV.

What does this mean for investors?

The Apple TV doesn't matter much to the company's financial growth. The device remains clumped together with the Apple Watch, iPod, Beats products, and other accessories in its "other products" category, which only accounted for 5% of Apple's sales last quarter.

But if Apple is serious about using the Apple TV as a launchpad for its streaming TV efforts, it makes more sense to charge a lower price to compete against Roku, Google, and Amazon. Instead, Apple seems to think that its brand appeal will convince people to buy a $200 set-top box -- which could be a flawed strategy for a niche device. Inside Apple's odd, yet effective, social media strategy Apple has repeatedly shunned the status quo and routinely defied the odds of success throughout its nearly 40-year history. If there's one thing Apple proves time and again it's that it doesn't have to   nor does it want to   follow the unwritten rules of business, technology or marketing.

While Apple generally distances itself from social media on a corporate level, the company's CEO Tim Cook and many of its flagship services, including the App Store, Apple Music and Beats1, take a more active and meaningful approach to the medium. The pervasive strength of Apple's brand means it can break rules other marketers must follow on Twitter, Facebook and other networks without consequence.

Why is there no @Apple Twitter account?

Apple's minimalist presence on social media, such as its unwillingness to use the @Apple Twitter handle, seems to bear no impact on the company and its generally positive perception among customers. "Apple would be a terrible example to follow [on social] for most brands," says David Berkowitz, CMO at creative and technology agency MRY.

When Apple embraces platforms like Twitter on the periphery, however, it can amass a huge audience with relatively little effort. Cook, for example, has collected 1.44 million followers since joining Twitter two years ago. Apple Music has 7.5 million followers, the App Store is approaching 4 million, iTunes has 806,000, and the recently launched Beats1 account already has more than 314,000 followers on Twitter.

[Related Feature: CIOs say Apple still doesn't care about enterprise]

The company is even more difficult to find on Facebook, but an unofficial page for an Apple Inc. "computer store" has more than 24.5 million "Likes." The company doesn't appear to have any sort of official, overarching Facebook page, yet that unendorsed page has 5.5 million more Likes than Google's official (and highly active) page. The new official Facebook page for Apple Music also has more than 1 million Likes.

Marketers pay top dollar for audiences on Facebook at that scale, but Apple apparently couldn't care less, despite the untapped and highly coveted opportunity.

[Related News: Some enterprise users feel neglected by Apple]

"Apple doesn't need to, nor does it have a history of, communicating updates to either [Twitter or Facebook]," says Brian Solis, principal analyst at Altimeter Group. "Having a Twitter account, if you want it to mean something, takes care, intention and thoughtfulness. At the moment, all of Apple's needs, and more importantly its customers and stakeholders on Twitter, are covered."

Apple's unique approach to social not recommended

It's generally a bad idea for brands to follow Apple's approach to social media, thereby lacking a centrally managed brand presence, according to Berkowitz. Many companies cherish, and in some cases require, the reach that social media provides, to promote new products or minimize damage if something goes wrong. But not every brand needs to be active on every major social network. "Brands should actually be more selective right now given that major social media channels typically require paid media budgets to amplify messages to a wide audience."

Apple is a unique case, according to Berkowitz. "There's arguably no other brand in the world with that much love, and practical ownership of the mainstream media to the extent that it can always rely on the press to spread the word for them."

However, Berkowitz also says it's hardly a best practice for Apple to ignore, even neglect, its loyal user base. Considering the strength of Apple's product-focused channels on Twitter, however, it's clear the company employs "at least a competent if not very talented bunch of social media managers."

[Related Feature: Why Apple rules UX, its native apps suck, and that's OK]

The company launched its first social media ad campaign just 17 months ago and placed its bets on Tumblr instead of Facebook or Twitter. Apple also hired Musa Tariq away from Nike last summer to become its head digital marketing director. It hasn't exactly reversed course on social media, but it is striking a slightly different stance these days   or at least it's been more active, even if the effort is disjointed. For example, the new Apple Music Tumblr page is consistently updated with details on upcoming features, information about popular artists and other modes of musical discovery. Cook also recently joined Chinese social network Weibo to promote some of the company's latest moves in that country.

The rules don't always apply to Apple, and social media is no different. However, the nuances of social media mean companies that resist the road most traveled can ultimately succeed, and Apple proves this. Solis says that simply launching a branded account on social media to talk to potential customers also isn't always enough. "Think about the majority of branded accounts out there, who's running them, the voice and the person, the governance (or lack thereof) of its engagement. It's an art, it's not a mandate." Apple Inc. v. THX Ltd., IPR2014-00235: Final Written Decision Finding 2 of 3 ... Wednesday, September 2, 2015

Takeaway: Petitioner must provide evidence showing that all of the features of a claim are known and not rely on general statements, even if the feature is allegedly well known to one of ordinary skill in the art.

In its Final Written Decision, the Board found that Petitioner had shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claims 1 and 2 of the  483 patent are unpatentable, but had not shown by a preponderance of the evidence that claim 3 of the  483 patent is unpatentable. The  483 patent is generally  directed to sound reproduction, and, in particular, narrow profile speaker configurations and systems. 

The Board began by construing the claims according to their broadest reasonable interpretation in light of the specification. The Board had provided construction of the term  sound reflecting surface  its Decision on Institution. Petitioner had not provided a construction for that term. However, Petitioner had provided constructions for other terms that the Board determined did not need to be construed.

Patent Owner agreed with the Board s interpretation of  sound reflecting surface  as  a surface that redirects sound waves output from a speaker, not made of a sound damping material,  and stated in its Response that Tomonori asserted by Petitioner did not disclose a  sound reflecting surface  as that term was construed by the Board. The Board maintained its construction of the term based on the description of embodiments and drawings in the specification.

The Board then turned to the grounds of unpatentability, and specifically the asserted obviousness of claims 1-3 over the combination of Tomonori, Virva, and Sadaie. Petitioner asserted that Tomonori discloses all the limitations in independent claim 1 except for  sound damping material forming sides of the sound duct,  and then provided the secondary references for allegedly disclosing that missing limitation. Patent Owner argued that Tomonori also failed to disclose the  sound reflecting surface  recited in claim 1, and  that Tomonori does not support any reason to place sound damping material (derived from another reference) on the  sides of the sound duct,  as recited in claim 1. 

The Board disagreed with Patent Owner that Tomonori failed to disclose a  sound reflecting surface  as that term was defined by the Board in its Decision on Institution. Accordingly, the Board agreed with Petitioner that the only element of claim 1 not taught by Tomonori was  sound damping material forming sides of the sound duct.  In its analysis of whether there was a reason or motivation for one of skill in the art to use sound damping material to form sides of Tomonori s sound duct, the Board assessed the described use of sound damping material in the  483 patent and what Virva and Sadaie disclosed. The Board determined that Tomonori disclosed use of sound damping material for the same function disclosed and claimed in  483 patent, and that Petitioner s evidence established the use of sound damping material along the sides of a sound duct as known. The Board further determined that Petitioner s evidence in the form of expert testimony was sufficient to provide a reason or motivation for extending the damping material of Tomonori along the sidewalls of the duct. Accordingly, the Board concluded that Petitioner had satisfied its burden of providing by a preponderance of the evidence that claim 1 was obvious over the asserted combination of references.

The Board then discussed dependent claims 2 and 3. Patent Owner did not address claim 2 separately form claim 1, and the Board agreed with Petitioner that the same combination of references also rendered claim 2 obvious.

With regard to claim 3, the Board noted that Tomonori also failed to disclose the feature in claim 3 that the sound damping material follows a curved contour of a portion of the speaker cone farthest opposite the output slot. Petitioner had merely asserted that this feature would have been obvious  because straight and curved back walls  have both been commonly used in loudspeaker design with predictable results.   The Board agreed with Patent Owner that Petitioner failed to provide any evidence of sound damping material forming a back wall of a sound duct that follows a curved contour of a speaker cone. Accordingly, the Board concluded that Petitioner had not shown by a preponderance of the evidence that the asserted combination of references would have rendered claim 3 obvious.

Apple Inc. v. THX Ltd., IPR2014-00235

Dated: June 9, 2015

Patent 7,433,483 B2

Before: Michael W. Kim, Barbara A. Parvis, and Brian P. Murphy

Written by: Murphy

Related Proceedings: THX, Ltd. v. Apple Inc., Civil Action No. 3:13-cv-01161 (N.D. Cal.) 
2015-06-17
Apple Inc. vs Facebook Inc: Who Can Revolutionize Mobile News? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently announced News, a free newsreader which lets publishers integrate their stories into a native iOS 9 app. The app has a Flipboard-like interface, and publishers can format articles to resemble the ones on their websites. Several major publishers -- including the New York Times (NYSE:NYT), BuzzFeed, Atlantic Media's Quartz, and Disney's ESPN -- will provide content for the app when it arrives this fall.

Yet Apple isn't the only tech giant which wants to gather news in a single app. Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) recently announced Instant Articles, which lets publishers publish articles directly within its News Feed. Facebook claims that those optimized articles will load faster than external articles. Many of the publishers that are partnered with Apple, including The New York Times and Buzzfeed, are also signed on with Facebook.

Will this new trend of app-centered news publishing change how mobile news is viewed? Or is the market too fragmented to be conquered?

Apple vs. Facebook: By the numbers

Apple has two core strengths when it comes to tethering users to new apps. Its iPhones account for 18% of all smartphones worldwide, according to IDC, while 83% of all iOS devices have been updated to iOS 8. That unified hardware and software ecosystem enables it to roll out new apps very quickly.

Facebook is the world's largest social network, with 1.44 million monthly active users as of last quarter, and 1.25 billion of those users visit Facebook on mobile devices. Having that many regular visitors makes it a streamlined and focused platform for both advertisers and news publishers. As a result, Facebook's mobile app generated more display ad revenue than Google's mobile display ads last year.

Apple and Facebook are offering publishers the same deals. Publishers can sell their own display ads within their apps and retain 100% of the revenue. However, Apple and Facebook will also sell ads within the app, retaining 30% of the revenue and giving the remaining 70% to publishing partners. Both platforms will "suggest" more stories to read, based on previously read articles.

Apple vs. Facebook: Overlapping ambitions

Launching a dedicated news app can help Apple reduce the time iOS users spend using Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) services like Search and News. That complements Apple's recent moves to carve Google services out of the iOS ecosystem. It's already dumped Google for Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Bing as the default search for Siri and Spotlight, blocked Google Maps on CarPlay, and will enable developers to make ad-blocking extensions for mobile Safari in iOS 9.

Apple's News app would also boost revenue at its tiny ad business, iAd, which houses its in-app and iTunes Radio ads. According to eMarketer, iAd likely only generated $487 million in revenue last year, which would account for just 0.3% of Apple's top line. By comparison, Facebook, the world's second largest Internet advertising company after Google, reported $11.5 billion in ad revenues last year.

For Facebook, a rising dependence on social networks for news represents a golden opportunity for the company and its news publishing partners. According to Pew Research Center's report from last September, 50% of Americans have shared or reposted news stories, images, or videos on social networks. 30% of Americans relied on Facebook for news, compared to just 8% who depended on Twitter (NYSE:TWTR).

Like Apple, Facebook is also shoring up its defenses against Google. The more time users spend within Facebook's walled ecosystem -- which includes its own hosted videos, Messenger, and apps and sites linked via single sign-ons -- the less time they'll likely spend on Google services.

Potential pitfalls

Apple and Facebook are respectively 800-pound gorillas in smartphones and social networks, but that doesn't guarantee the success of their news publishing efforts.

One of the biggest obstacles is market fragmentation. There are already over 1,000 "news reader" apps in Apple's App Store, as well as over 23,000 other "news" related apps. Popular ones include Flipboard, Feedly, Newsify, Google News, and Smart News. News channels and publishers like CNN, the New York Times, and Buzzfeed also have their own apps.

It could be tough for Apple or Facebook to win over people who used to getting their mobile news from those apps. Other social rivals -- like Snapchat's Discover, LinkedIn's Pulse, and Twitter -- are also pulling users in various directions.



Who has the better strategy?

In my opinion, Facebook's strategy makes more sense than Apple's because it's passive. Users simply need to keep using Facebook, sharing articles, and relying on the site for news updates. Publishers within Facebook get faster loading articles, and both parties generate ad revenues.

While Apple has a solid track record with hardware sales, it has a spottier record with first-party apps. Apple Health and Apple Pay, for example, haven't really revolutionized health tracking or mobile payments yet. Therefore, it's unclear if iOS users will even bother installing its News app when it arrives. Apple Inc. Cancels Deal With Monster, Accused Of Bullying Apple has ended its licensing deal with Monster to manufacture authorized accessories for the iPhone, iPad and iPod. Now Monster is alleging that Apple is acting like a  bully  and stated that the terminated agreement is the direct result of its own lawsuit targeted at Beats, which Apple bought last May, says a report from The Wall Street Journal.

Apple acting like a  bully 

Monster previously sued Beats, claiming co-founders Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine gradually sidelined the hardware company, which was once a major manufacturer of Beats headphones, on the backdrop of a $3 billion deal with Apple. In the lawsuit, Monster and its CEO, Noel Lee, accused Beats and its co-founders of depriving the company of potential proceeds from the company s sale to Apple. The lawsuit is concerned with the change of ownership clause that went into effect when Beats bought back its own shares from HTC, which Monster slammed as a  sham transaction. 

Now Monster claims that Apple is acting like a bully over the approaching legal battle and is in a hurry to end the years-long relationship between the companies. According to The Journal, Monster noted that the move will  significantly disrupt  its business, as approximately 900 of Monster s 4,000+ products are a part of Apple s MFi program. With Apple ending the MFi agreement, Monster will need to modify its packaging and redesign some of its products to avoid using the licensed technology.

Apple overreacting, feels Monster

What disturbed Monster is the reaction of Apple s board even though the former did not sue the company directly. Monster said that Apple is taking extreme action by ending the agreement, adding that Apple  inherited  the fight by purchasing Beats. David Tognotti, Monster s general counsel, told The Journal,  It shows a side of Apple that consumers don t see very often.  Tognotti also said that Apple has paid $12 million in MFi licensing fees since 2008.

Monster usually manufactures licensed cables, car chargers, cassette adapters and other items. The company is popular for selling overpriced products. Although the company can keep selling its MFi products until September, it has been instructed not to manufacture any new units.

The lawsuit, which was initially filed in San Mateo County, Calif., is pending in Los Angeles County Superior Court. As of now, there is no comment from Apple on the matter. 
2015-04-08
4 Things Apple Inc. Wants You To Know About Apple Watch Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) released the major details of the Apple Watch at its Spring Forward media event in March, detailing the pricing and laying out some of the major functionality. CEO Tim Cook shared his view of the watch as a "personal statement." He also emphasized that the Apple Watch actually had to do a good job telling time, and showed how a number of features work.

Now Apple has released its most in-depth and personal look at its watch yet, posting a series of "Guided Tours" on its website. These informative tutorials -- only a few of which have been posted, with more promised -- "will show you how to do all kinds of amazing things," according to the company. That's perhaps a bit of public relations hyperbole, but the tours do offer the first real look at how Apple Watch might be used once people get their hands on it.

It's meant to enhance your iPhone experience

The Apple Watch works in tandem with the iPhone, but it's also designed to "let you quickly do things you're used to doing on your phone, but in a more convenient, less obtrusive way" according to the main video. The watch has a number of features iPhone does not, including the ability to notify you via "tap" when a message or call is coming in, which make your phone more useful.

The watch, Apple explained, is all about "brief interactions." Most of those involve doing something that once required taking your iPhone out of your pocket. Not having to do that, and being able to interact with your phone via a wrist-worn device, looks like a timesaver that enhances the value of the phone.

You don't even have to touch it

One of the more frustrating things in using an iPhone is that you have to unlock it each time you use it (aside from when a phone call comes in). How hard that is depends upon whether you are using the device's fingerprint recognition or not, but it's a minor annoyance that adds time to interactions.

Apple Watch does not have the same issue, as it comes to life when you raise it into a position to look at it. Similarly, no action needs to be taken to turn off the display. It goes away when you lower your wrist.

The watch face can be customized

While it's a tiny piece of real estate to play with (1.5 or about 1.65 inches, depending upon the model), Apple allows for near-complete customization of the watch face. Users can add information such as the weather, a calendar, or even "a snapshot of your physical activity" to the start screen. This puts that information simply a glance away, with a single tap pulling up more information on any one data point.

In general, most information is only a swipe away. Swiping up brings access to "Glances," which the video calls "bite-sized snippets of the content you check most often. Swiping down allows you to see "and act on" missed notifications.

The "Digital Crown" is king

Apple Watch only has two inputs aside from the touchscreen, and the company considers the one on top, the "Digital Crown," a "revolutionary" input device which is as "integral to Apple Watch as the clickwheel was to iPod." That's a bold statement, but it appears to be true, as the Crown is the key to much of the watch's functionality.

The Digital Crown allows for scrolling through information without using your finger. That sounds redundant, but with the screen being so small it actually makes it possible to read as you go without having to constantly move your finger. "You can also use it to make fine adjustments such as setting a timer, adjusting your daily move goal in the activity app, or customizing the design of a watch face." the video said.

The input also serves as a way to magnify content and as a launcher for Siri (which can also be accessed by voice commands). Apple Pay: Why CurrentC Is No Threat  
2015-07-19
One More Record Apple Inc. Could Set This Year It is safe to say Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is firing on all cylinders from an operational and financial standpoint. And as a result, investors have been handsomely rewarded with shares up nearly 40% over the past year -- not an easy feat for a company whose market capitalization is rapidly approaching $750 billion.

After reporting a quarterly net income record of $18 billion during its first fiscal quarter, surpassing the previous record by $2.1 billion (held by ExxonMobil), Apple went on to report another strong second quarter as ravenous demand from China led the company to an additional $13.6 billion in net income. So halfway through its fiscal year, the company has recorded $31.6 billion in profits.

ExxonMobil still holds the record for full-year profits* at $45.2 billion in 2008 -- you may remember $4 per gallon gas -- but if Apple's torrid pace continues, the oil major may soon lose that title to Apple as well.

This quarter is typically slowest

Apple reports its fiscal third quarter results on Tuesday, July 21st. Compared to the first two quarters, this period should be slower, as is typical with a consumer electronics company. Specifically, sales of its signature product, the iPhone, generally slow during the quarter as many consumers wait unit the newest model is released near the end of the fourth fiscal quarter.

Analysts polled by Thompson Reuters expect the company to report $10.4 billion in net income later this month for fiscal year-to-date earnings of $42 billion, making the approximately $3 billion needed to top Exxon the corporate equivalent of a layup for Cupertino.

Could Apple take the title this quarter?

To be fair, there is an outside chance that Apple will exceed analyst expectations and take the title from ExxonMobil this quarter, as the company generally does outperform expectations. To do so, the company would have to exceed the analyst forecasts by nearly 31% with $13.6 billion of earnings.

However, there are catalysts that could indeed make this the record-breaking quarter -- the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus continue to exceed expectations. As a new product, Apple Watch demand and profits have been hard to ascertain, but beating net income estimates by 31% is hard when bottom line expectations total 11 figures.

But rest assured Apple fans and investors, it seems inevitable that the company will overtake Exxon this year. Those same Thompson Reuters analysts believe Apple will report $52.5 billion in net income this year. That means $10.5 billion for the fiscal fourth quarter, besting the Exxon total by an astonishing 16%. It may not happen as early as Tuesday, but it will happen.

*Technically, Fannie Mae has the record for full-year and quarterly earnings in 2013, but that was due to valuation allowance gains and directly unrelated to operational performance in that period. As such, ExxonMobil and Apple are considered the full-year and quarterly leaders for net income by most analysts. 
2015-07-18
Why Apple, Inc. Can't Be Totally Opaque About Watch Results Next Week Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reports earnings next Tuesday after the close, and naturally the market will be watching to see what the Mac maker has in store. Of course, the iPhone's performance will be the most financially important to the company.

The good news is that the iPhone is expected to continue its run with better-than-expected sales. At the same time, investors are going to want to hear how the Apple Watch fared during its launch quarter, because the new wearable device represents the first new product category that Apple has entered in five years.

The company has already braced investors for some opacity, saying last October that it would include Apple Watch sales in its "Other Products" category. Apple simplified its reporting for fiscal 2015, and doesn't intend to break out Apple Watch performance explicitly. At the time, Tim Cook promptly shut down the notion that this was being done out of low expectations for the new device. Rather, he said that the new reporting categories were based on current revenue bases, and that it was also "useful" to aggregate the information so as not to give rivals any ideas.

But realistically, Apple can't remain completely mum about Apple Watch's performance. Will Apple share anything next week about how Apple Watch is doing?

Setting the record straight

There simply will be too much interest for Apple to ignore, and Tim Cook will inevitably be grilled by Wall Street analysts to spill the beans. Disclosing absolutely nothing would be a mistake, because investors would assume the worst, and Apple doesn't want that. The last thing that Apple wants is for investors to believe absurd headlines like, "Apple Watch Sales Plunge 90%," and succumb to the ensuing hysteria.

There's no shortage of third-party researchers and analytics companies that are all trying to figure out how many Apple Watches the company is selling; but these researchers could be adopting faulty methodologies. On top of that, analysts are quite good at deciphering whatever data that they're provided with, and many will come up with their own estimates based on whatever high-level results Apple provides for its Other Products category. There will likely be a sequential bump in Other Products revenue attributable to Apple Watch sales, and absent any data, investors will have to speculate.

Apple is a control freak, and it will want to have some semblance of control over the launch's perception, especially if the last thing people remember is the aforementioned headline of sales falling 90% from launch. Apple will want to change that narrative as soon as possible, and the easiest way to do that is to provide a nugget or two of data.

The company has always prided itself on the fact that it's one of the few smartphone OEMs that directly reports its unit volumes, frequently taking jabs at competitors, and saying their market shares are uncertain because they won't report shipments. Choosing not to report Apple Watch units would be somewhat hypocritical in that regard.

Apple can't say nothing

Instead, what I believe is most likely is that Apple will casually provide some approximate figure of unit volumes without disclosing a precise revenue figure. Perhaps something like, "more than 5 million units," which would be vague enough to achieve Cook's stated strategic disclosure goals while also allaying fears about weak demand. Analysts already expect Apple to be shipping about 2.5 million units per month, which would be pretty impressive considering the total market was 6.8 million units throughout all of 2014.

While Apple never explicitly discloses product mix in any of its categories, average selling prices give investors (and competitors) an idea of what the company is shipping. But Apple Watch pricing is unique in that it has the widest spectrum of any Apple product (by far), ranging from $350 to $17,000. Perhaps the competitive fear here is that if Apple shows rivals that there's demonstrable demand for a $10,000 smartwatch, they'll attempt to jump in also with gold models. It's understandable why Tim Cook doesn't want that; but at the same time, saying nothing whatsoever is not an option.

Give investors what they want, Apple. Apple Watch is too important to be completely opaque about. Don't be like Amazon. Weekly Tech Highlights: Apple's Mac Sales Could Be Huge, Google Rose 16 ... Major earnings releases, intriguing partnerships and an unlikely merger rounded out the third week of July.

Intel Beat Could Be Good News For Apple

Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC) impressed investors with better-than-expected earnings this week. Better still, analysts think Intel's results could be a sign of things to come from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL).

Global Equities Research analyst Trip Chowdhry told Benzinga that Intel's results "clearly indicate" that Apple will report strong Mac sales.

"[The] new MacBook has been one of the hottest-selling PCs since the launch," said Chowdhry. "The beat on the PC is not Windows-based PCs but the Apple Mac. If you look at the numbers, it means the cloud business from Amazon and Microsoft will be very good and it also shows that the Mac business from Apple is also going to be very strong. This is a key takeaway from Intel's numbers and guidance."

Related Link: Nintendo's Reggie Fils-Aime On Satoru Iwata: 'He Always Challenged Us To Push Forward'

Best Buy-GameStop Merger Surfaced, Made Little Sense

Best Buy Co Inc (NYSE: BBY) was rumored to be interested in acquiring GameStop Corp. (NYSE: GME) this week.

"I recommended it in 2010 when Best Buy was bigger and GameStop [was] smaller, as the combined company would have a ton of cash flow and would allow Best Buy to close half of its big box stores," Wedbush analyst Michael Pachter told Benzinga. "It doesn't make as much sense now, as Best Buy is not as large, GameStop is a lot bigger, and GameStop competes in mobile. I don't believe it is happening."

Investors Poured Into Google After Earnings

Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) reported impressive second quarter results on Thursday and closed up 16.05 percent the next day. After examining the results, Sean Udall looked to the future.

"What if Google were to succeed and keep growing as an investible, how are you going to get a higher return on Google?" Udall, CIO of Quantum Trading Strategies and author of The TechStrat Report, questioned. "Google is going to have to beat everybody else at artificial intelligence and machine learning. But there's a lot of companies putting a ton of work into that. That is the core of what Google is trying to do."

Comcast Announced Partnership With Electronic Arts To Develop Streaming Game Service

Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ: CMCSA) and Electronic Arts Inc. teamed up to build a brand-new streaming game service for Comcast's X1 platform.

"Xfinity Games' library is different than EA Access," an EA spokesperson told Benzinga. "Rather than giving gamers access to EA's console titles, the Xfinity Games beta delivers all-new experiences designed specifically for this unique way to play."

Estimize Raised Another $3.6 Million

When is a Series B officially over? The answer could be "never" if investors continue to provide a startup with additional funds.

That has certainly been the case for Estimize, which added another $3.6 million to its Series B this week. The funds came from Euromoney.

"The media is an incredibly important part of making Estimize the dataset," Leigh Drogen, founder and CEO of Estimize, told Benzinga. "They have an incredibly strong media brand. When they approached us and they started to talk to us about all their different properties, it became obvious that there was gonna be some significant tie-up there. I think they understand that financial data is really the future of the industry."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Apple best buy Estimize gamestop Google IntelTop Stories Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 5 Charts Netflix Shareholders Need To See Shares of Netflix Inc (NASDAQ: NFLX) have been surging in recent years, and the stock s 137.3 percent year-to-date return is more than double the return of any other stock in the S&P 500. What s behind Netflix s outsized gains and where will the company go from here?

Here are five charts that tell the story of Netflix s domination and shed some insight into the company s future.

1. Subscribers

This chart created by Statista shows the rapid growth of Netflix s streaming subscriber base, which recently eclipsed 65 million. The popularity of Netflix has exploded, and the company s already massive subscriber number has doubled since late 2012.

2. Revenue

With a dramatically-expanding customer base, it s not surprising that Netflix s revenue has also surged in recent years. Between April and June, Netflix generated $1.64 billion in revenue, a 23 year-over-year increase.

3. Income

Netflix critics point to the company s difficulties in generating consistent profits, which can be seen in a chart its quarterly income and the stocks whopping 258.1 price-to-earning ratio. However, CEO Reed Hastings  recent shareholder letter indicated that the plan is for Netflix to continue to invest heavily in overseas expansion, setting the table for substantial profits starting in 2017.

4. Download Traffic

This chart showing Netflix s share of peak Internet download traffic was included in Hastings  recent shareholder letter. The chart shows Netflix s huge and expanding share lead, dwarfing competitors Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG)(NASDAQ: GOOGL) (YouTube) and Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL) (iTunes).

5. Younger Demographic

A recent study by Ipsos Media shows that Netflix is now the top preferred network for all viewers ages 13-49 who watch five or more hours of TV per week. Netflix claimed the top spot among all study participant age groups except for the oldest demographic (ages 50-64). This chart shows the stronghold that Netflix has on the coveted younger generation of viewers/customers.

Posted-In: Netflix Netflix shareholders Netflix StockEducation Top Stories Movers Tech General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-01-02
Innovation At Apple Steve Jobs said:

... Market research can tell you what your customers think of something that you show them, or it can tell you what your customers want, as an incremental improvement on what you have. But, very rarely can your customers predict something, that they don't even know that they want yet.

"This is the next chapter in Apple's story," said Tim Cook, Steve Jobs' successor, on stage in Flint Centre on September 9, 2014. He was referring to when Steve Jobs introduced the Macintosh there back in 1984. Why is now a "new chapter" in Apple's history but not when they released the iPhone? That day Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduced the Apple Watch, Apple Pay, iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, but they didn't say what product release they thought was the new chapter.

In the following figure the R&D costs for Apple and the increase from the previous year is shown.

In the figure, major product releases are also shown at the timing of their first release or introduction. What's interesting are the spikes in R&D before the iPod, iPhone and iPad launches. What is also obvious is that they are not slowing down. After the year 2009, R&D has increased every year from 32% to 39%, even though the total sales increase has slowed down. Major products were introduced this year and the Apple Watch will be released soon. But we don't know yet about other products.

According to the Apple annual report:

The Company's ability to compete successfully depends heavily on its ability to ensure a continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products and technologies to the marketplace. The Company believes it is unique in that it designs and develops nearly the entire solution for its products, including the hardware, operating system, numerous software applications and related services. As a result, the Company must make significant investments in R&D.

Thus, Apple will not stop innovating, even though their definition of innovation may include "incremental improvement" on current products.

But what started this new chapter? Is it the Apple Watch, Apple Pay or maybe both? We don't know yet but here's a list of expected products in 2015 or 2016:

Apple Watch

The Apple Watch was introduced last year, but they certainly didn't cover all the features that will be in the watch.

iPad

A larger iPad - iPad Pro (12.2" or 12.9") - was expected in 2014, but according to the rumor mill it was postponed due to strong sales of the iPhone 6 and Apple's suppliers did not have the capacity to start production on the new product without reducing the production of the new iPhones. A larger iPad makes sense in the context of a new focus on the enterprise market and those that are doing photography or design work.

The iPad mini was not updated with a faster processor last year like the iPad Air, so this device category may be retired or it will get a major upgrade this year. Sales of the mini are likely to decline with the large screen iPhone 6 Plus on the market.

iPhone

We don't expect bigger phones this year as Apple has a phone in all size categories. This year is an "s" year, i.e. iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus will be introduced with improvements instead of new products. And a new smaller 4" phone may be introduced with Apple Pay, and the Apple 5s and Apple 5c retired.

The major concept this year was a larger screen, which was not an innovation but rather a response to either market research or the sales of Samsung showing what many customers wanted. Since the iPhone 6 debuted, sales have been strong and according to Flurry (see figure below) activations were almost three times that of Samsung devices.

Apple Streaming

Apple usually doesn t invest in established firms like Beats but they did so in 2014. The reason probably being to improve in streaming. Expect some music streaming services from Apple this year.

Apple Glass

Will Apple respond to the Google Glass (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) in some way, or will Apple wait until the technology and battery life have advanced enough to be usable?

Apple VR

A major emphasis has been on the game market since the introduction of the iPhone (as this was always an Achilles heel of the Macintosh), because it drives the sales for young people and first adopters. Are games ready for Virtual Reality?

Apple TV Retina

Will we see smaller or maybe a 4K (Retina) Apple TV? Apple could use their iTunes store to release movies and shows in 4K and even sell TVs that are 4K ready. Currently the TV market badly needs more 4K media.

Apple Health and Home

Apple made advances this year to enter the health and home automation. Expect much more this year and that manufacturers start to make their products compatible with the iOS devices.

Mac

A new Retina iMac with 5K display was released late last year and we may expect more Retina devices this year. An updated Retina Thunderbolt Display is expected when a new mini display port is standardized which can support the 5K resolutions at 60Hz. The Mac Mini may also be updated when it can support this higher resolution.

A slimmer MacBook Retina is expected with a 12" size display, thinner than current MacBook Airs and fan-less.

Conclusion

Innovation at Apple is going strong according to the R&D budget and every new product will add to the current ecosystem. Every year we seem to say that this must be the end of innovation but then we're surprised. Just the incremental improvements are providing increased sales as the iPhones with bigger screen sizes show, so even if innovation slows down, the incremental improvements will continue. If these incremental improvements continue to generate double-digit earnings growth, then new innovations may fail without affecting the revenue stream.

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-06-08
At WWDC 2015 Apple Inc finally puts women onstage The big news at Apple Inc. s Worldwide Developers Conference always revolves around new apps and updated operating systems. Monday s event marked a completely different turning point for Apple: Women took the stage during a keynote presentation.

Jennifer Bailey, vice president of Apple Pay, appeared before the crowd of software developers and journalists on Monday to discuss progress in mobile payments. A second woman, Susan Prescott, gave the pitch for Apple s forthcoming News app. It marks the first time female executives have made an on-stage appearance during an Apple keynote presentation since 2010, when Zynga s Jen Herman gave a demonstration of the game Farmville.

Like its competitors, Apple wants to be seen as working against the image of Silicon Valley as a male-dominated industry. Over the weekend, Apple CEO Tim Cook acknowledged that the industry needs to do a better job on gender issues. The company s much-hyped and highly-scrutinized public events have long been noticeable for the absence of prominent women.

Christy Turlington, a legendary fashion model, was the only woman to appear during the recent Apple Watch presentation. If you re keeping track of these presentations as a way to measure progress towards gender equality in Silicon Valley, you could easily make the case that Turlington s cameo should actually count against Apple. Few people are complaining about a lack of beautiful women being used to draw attention to gadgets.

Compare Apple s performance to this year s Google s I/O developers conference, which took place at the end of May. Arguably the biggest news of the day-Google Now on Tap -was presented by Aparna Chennapragada, the company s director of product management. Chennapragada was one of three women who spoke during the keynote presentation. Ellie Powers, product manager for Google Play, has presented for three years running. The last time a Google didn t have a woman on stage during its annual I/O keynote was 2011.

Microsoft also seemed to make a point of having more women on stage at the keynote for its developer conference, Build, held in late April. Three women took the stage for the keynote, walking through technical subjects like SQL databases and Saas applications. At the 2014 conference, the only female voice on stage came from Cortana, who sounds like a lady but is really a piece of artificial intelligence technology.

Developers conferences have never been a paragon of gender diversity. A regular tradition at Apple s Worldwide Developers Conference are tweeted photos showing a line for the men s room that extends down the hall next to a completely empty women s bathroom. When female developers had to wait to use the facilities at I/O this year, some people actually held it up as a triumph.

Of course, counting keynote speakers and measuring bathroom lines isn t a perfect way to measure the current levels of gender inequality in the tech industry. Google s workforce isn t actually any more diverse than Apple s. About 30 percent of each company s employees are women, according to recent diversity reports. (Here are reports for Apple, Google, and Microsoft.) Apple actually employs more women in tech positions than Google (20 percent versus 18 percent), and women make up a higher percentage of leadership positions (28 percent to 22 percent.) There are three women on Google s board compared to Apple s two. Microsoft lags behind both companies, with only 17 percent of its tech jobs and 18 percent of its leadership roles held by women. Is Pebble Time a Threat to Apple Inc. on iOS? Pebble recently shipped its new Pebble Time smartwatches to Kickstarter backers, but there was initially a big problem: its iOS app wasn't approved by Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) on time.

Pebble blamed "quirks in the App Store submission process and rules" for causing the delay. With customers left without a way to sync their watches to their iPhones, Pebble asked customers to voice their concerns on Twitter via the #FreeOurPebbleTime hashtag. After that nudge, Apple approved the app, and Pebble thanked its customers for carrying "the torch across the finish line."

Many media outlets speculated that Apple delayed the approval to shield the Apple Watch from competition. Back in April, Apple rejected navigation app SeaNav US for mentioning Pebble support in its App Store description, which violated a guideline that prevented developers from highlighting competing platforms. Although a David vs. Goliath showdown has been averted for now, could Apple eventually see the Pebble Time as a threat?

Why Pebble Time could threaten Apple Watch

Pebble entered the smartwatch market long before Apple, back in 2013, after raising over $10 million in a Kickstarter campaign.

By the end of 2014, Pebble sold its one millionth smartwatch, despite facing stiff competition from Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) and Android Wear rivals. Research firm Smartwatch Group estimates that Pebble claimed 7% of the global smartwatch market in 2014, putting it in third place behind Samsung (26%) and Lenovo (NASDAQOTH:LNVGY)/Motorola (10%).

Pebble's watches are cheaper and are more focused on streamlined notifications and power efficiency than high-end smartwatches like the Apple Watch. The original Pebble Watch only costs $99, while the more fashionable Pebble Steel and Pebble Time both cost $199. Developers also offer apps for Pebble within the iTunes App Store and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Play.

The Pebble Time has a few advantages over the Apple Watch. It's compatible with both iOS and Android, lasts for a week on a single charge thanks to its e-ink display, is compatible with standard watch bands, and syncs with third-party fitness apps like Misfit. Users can upgrade the Pebble Time with modular "smartstraps" which add additional features like GPS, NFC, or a longer battery life.

Remember how Apple treated Fitbit

It might seem silly for Apple to fret over a tiny competitor like Pebble, but we should recall what happened to Fitbit last year.

For a long time, Fitbit's fitness trackers could be purchased in Apple Stores. But last October, Fitbit refused to connect its fitness tracker to Apple's HealthKit dashboard, presumably to preserve its own ecosystem. That same month, it unveiled the Surge, a fitness tracking smartwatch which appeared to be a pre-emptive strike on Apple Watch. Fitbit also introduced Charge, which resembles a Fitbit Flex with basic smartwatch features like alarms and caller ID.

Shortly afterwards, Apple stopped selling Fitbit products in online stores, and removed them from its brick-and-mortar locations in March. However, Apple didn't block new versions of Fitbit's iOS app from being approved. Fitbit is the market leader in fitness trackers, but it isn't a direct competitor to Apple Watch in the smartwatch category. Smartwatch Group estimates that Fitbit only controlled 6% of that market last year.

If Pebble continues widening its lead over Fitbit with new devices like Pebble Time, it'll be interesting to see if Apple will let it keep building its custom app ecosystem within iOS.

A potential warning for Google

Pebble is in the clear for now, but Google and its smartwatch partners might not be as lucky.

Google is reportedly "close to finishing the final technical details" on adding iOS support to Android Wear devices, but I doubt that Apple will simply let Google's partners lure away potential Apple Watch customers. Apple already aggressively tried to reduce Google's presence on iOS devices by launching Apple Maps and replacing Google Search with Bing as the default search for Siri and Spotlight.

Apple isn't preventing iOS users from buying Pebble Time, but it made its position pretty clear on competing wearables when it booted Fitbit out of its stores. Looking ahead, things could get tougher for companies which want to make iOS-compatible smartwatches that run their own proprietary apps. Apple Said to Build High-Speed Network for Fast Content Delivery Apple Inc. is assembling a high-speed network and upgrading how it builds data centers, a push to be more competitive with Amazon.com Inc., Google Inc. and Microsoft Corp. in cloud services, people familiar with the plans said.

Up to now, Apple has relied mostly on traditional network providers and technology suppliers to support consumer services such as iTunes for music and movies, iCloud for storing photos and other content and the Siri voice-activated assistant. Apple will stick with most of its existing vendors, and is mainly seeking to bolster its current infrastructure.

Apple is planning to introduce a streaming-music service at its developer conference in San Francisco on Monday, with TV possibly following later in the year. It will need more efficient, faster infrastructure to ensure glitch-free delivery, people with knowledge of the matter have said.

 User experience is very important to Apple, but delivery of its content is the one part of that experience it doesn t control,  said Andrew Schmitt, an analyst at IHS Infonetics Research.  If they want to control and maximize that user experience, they re going to have to control that last piece. 

Apple s push to build a stronger cloud infrastructure combines two initiatives: Building out a faster network and upgrading data centers. While Apple hasn t disclosed total costs, investments will run into the billions. Apple put $1 billion into data centers last year, according to Analysys, which pegged it as the seventh-largest cloud infrastructure spender in 2014.

Josh Rosenstock, a spokesman at Apple, declined to comment.

Internet Services

Apple wants to own pipes linking its four large U.S. data centers and Internet hubs in certain cities to ensure fast, reliable delivery of content and services. By adding capacity and increasing efficiency, it seeks to handle more traffic on its own, without renting as much server space from cloud providers such as Amazon and Microsoft, said people with knowledge of the plan, who asked not to be identified because Apple isn t discussing the moves publicly. They declined to name the cities involved.

The effort includes long-haul pipes connecting Apple s data centers in California, Nevada, North Carolina and Oregon, and others to get content closer to Internet hubs in some densely populated markets, said three of the people. From there, content would be delivered to consumers via broadband connections and cell towers owned by cable and phone companies. Rather than buy off-the-shelf technology, the company has been working on ways to send data via fiber lines at hundreds of gigabits per second, according to one of the people.

Design-Your-Own

 Apple has slowly built out its data centers in the past five years,  said Tavis McCourt, an analyst at Raymond James Financial Inc.  As they serve up more things from the cloud to more and more customers, they re going to need to scale up. 

In recent years, Google, Amazon, Microsoft and Facebook Inc. have spent billions of dollars to come up with new ways to build servers and craft data centers -- the warehouses full of high-powered computers that store and dish out data to personal computers and mobile devices. They have designed their own servers and other gear to squeeze out efficiency gains. Some have also leased dark fiber-optic lines that only they can use.

 All of these cloud giants want to be the platform on which you run your digital life,  said Frank Frankovsky, a former Facebook executive who now runs a data-center industry group called the Open Compute Project Foundation.  If that s the case, they all need to have a similar cost structure  to be competitive, he said.

Data Centers

Before, Apple s data centers were filled mostly with off-the-shelf gear such as Hewlett-Packard Co. servers, Cisco Systems Inc. ethernet switches, and NetApp Inc. storage gear. For the past couple of years, it has been in talks with companies that can help it design its own equipment, which would be produced by third-party contract manufacturers. In March, Apple joined the Open Compute Project, which has set standards that have become popular with companies using this so-called white box approach.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Cupertino, California-based Apple isn t expected to replace the hundreds of thousands of servers and other machines in its current data centers, but will use more of its own gear as it builds new facilities. Earlier this year, Apple said it would spend $3.9 billion on new data centers in Arizona, Ireland and Denmark. It s working on at least one product, called a top-of-rack switch, using open-source software from startup Cumulus Networks Inc. running on servers made by Taiwan-based Quanta Computer Inc., said two people with knowledge of the plan.

Content Delivery

Apple got just 9.9 percent of its sales from iTunes and other services in its latest fiscal year, and it will need to rely more on this part of the business as growth and profits in the smartphone business slow in coming years, said Colin Gillis, an analyst at BGC Financial LP.

 I m not saying iPhone margins will go to zero, but the company is going to need that services revenue,  he said.

Apple is also exploring ways to meld its data centers and networks into one highly automated system, three of the people said. Facebook says it has saved $2 billion using this software-defined data-center approach, which automatically assigns servers to handle demand, and turns down their power usage if they aren t needed.

Traffic Spikes

That would be helpful if Apple does offer an online TV service to compete with cable companies, said Steve Garrison, vice president of marketing at Pica8 Inc., a white-box networking company. Rather than spend days manually preparing racks of equipment to handle a major sporting event, the software could do the job in minutes, he said, and adapt to unexpected spikes or declines in viewership.

 If you re using someone else s networks and data centers, you lose some control,  Garrison said.  It s hard to call Amazon at 10 o clock on a Friday night and say  triple my capacity right now.  

John Choi, a spokesman for Cisco, declined to comment, as did Hewlett-Packard spokeswoman Brynn Bailey and Matthew Houser, an outside spokesperson for NetApp. Spokespeople for Cumulus and Quanta also declined to comment.

Read this next: 
2015-06-07
3 numbers that tell you everything you need to know about Apple 3 numbers that tell you everything you need to know about Apple

Apple is a behemoth, a tech industry giant with a market cap larger than many national economies. It has changed the way we listen to music and the way we communicate with one another. With the Apple Watch , it seems to be on its way to changing the way we tell time, pay for goods and exercise.

Here are three numbers that really tell you what you need to know about where Apple is in 2015:

  In the final three months of 2014, Apple sold 74.5 million iPhones and earned $18 billion the most profitable quarter in corporate history.

  Since 2006, Apple has jumped from No. 159 on the Fortune 500 to No. 5 .

MORE: How Tim Cook has changed Apple for good

  Apple has both the biggest profits of any company on this year s Fortune 500 ($39.5 billion in net income) and the largest market value (over $700 billion).

Though some were surely doubtful when Tim Cook took over for legendary co-founder Steve Jobs a few years ago, the results so far seem to indicate the Apple's trajectory is pointing up.

Click here for the full Fortune 500 list . 
2015-04-25
Apple: Bear Case From A Bull  Apple Inc. Might Be Planning Massive Overhaul of the MacBook Air Early Next Year When Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) launched the 2013 MacBook Air, the response from reviewers and consumers alike seemed overwhelmingly positive. The device's big innovation was in delivering "all day" battery life -- a significant improvement from preceding MacBook Air models.

In 2014, Apple did a minor refresh of these devices to include slightly faster versions of the Intel (NASDAQ: INTC) Haswell processors that the 2013 models used. In early 2015, Apple upgraded the existing MacBook Air designs to include Intel's new Broadwell processors and also significantly sped up the flash storage.

I believe that in early 2016 Apple will bring a more substantial upgrade to its MacBook Air lineup.

New industrial design and a Retina display

In light of the release of Apple's new MacBook, which features a very slim industrial design and a high-resolution Retina display, Apple will almost certainly need to dramatically enhance the next-generation Air.

I'd imagine the next MacBook Air will take a number of cues from the MacBook with respect to the industrial design. Apple is likely to adopt USB-C for refreshed Airs, although I'd expect more than just the single USB-C port found on the MacBook -- maybe a couple?

Additionally, I would anticipate a substantially better display. The low-resolution TN panels on the current MacBook Air models, as I've said repeatedly, are absolutely due for an upgrade.

If Apple wants to contain manufacturing costs, it might forgo the 2304-by-1440 resolution panel found on the MacBook. However, IPS display with a resolution greater than 1440-by-900 for the 13-inch model and 1366-by-768 for the 11-inch model would certainly be welcome.

A new processor, too

According to CPU World, Intel intends to follow the Broadwell-U processors found inside the current MacBook Airs with Skylake-based processors. Intel has said Skylake should improve on Broadwell's performance and power efficiency, so this should free up some of the power budget for the higher-resolution, and almost certainly more power-hungry, display.

When will they launch?

Intel has said Skylake processors will arrive in the second half of 2015. Keep in mind, though, that the chipmaker typically doesn't launch all of the processors in a given family at the same time. According to Fudzilla, which claims to have seen an Intel road map detailing the Skylake launch schedule, the first mobile Skylake chips will arrive in the fourth quarter of 2015.

My guess is that Apple will update its MacBook lineup with the Core M-based Skylake chips that will arrive in late 2015; Skylake should deliver a sufficient performance and power improvement over the Broadwell-based Core M inside the current MacBook to compel Apple to update the machine.

The 28-watt mobile Skylake chips, which generally share the same silicon as the 15-watt chips with higher-end graphics configurations, are expected to launch in the first quarter of 2016. Since Apple tends to use Intel's highest-end 15-watt chips, the reported Skylake launch schedule points to an early 2016 MacBook Air refresh.

Keeping the momentum going

I think updated MacBook Airs will offer a large enough improvement over the 2013-2015 models to tempt owners of even relatively recent MacBook Airs to upgrade.

Given that Apple has significantly outgrown the rest of the PC market with its current MacBook Air lineup, it stands to reason that a redesigned device should help Apple sustain its Mac momentum. 
2015-03-17
More Evidence That Apple Inc. Is Building Its Own Modem In a recent article published in the EETimes, Will Strauss, a well-respected wireless technology analyst, said he believed that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will "eventually be designing their own multimode LTE modem." He cites the fact that Apple has hired "lots of wireless talent" as the reason for his suspicions.

The idea that Apple is building its own modem isn't new, but the fact that such a well-respected (and connected) industry analyst thinks Apple is likely to do so lends that notion a lot of credence. And from a strategic perspective, it's starting to make a whole lot of sense for Apple to roll on its own.

Why this makes sense

Apple currently buys standalone modems from Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), and rumors suggest that Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) will be coming on as a second source in 2016 -- although take this claim with a grain of salt.

One oft-cited reason for Apple to potentially build its own cellular chips is to save money, but given how expensive modem and RF chip development is, I'm not convinced that cost savings would be the primary motivation. In fact, I think the reasons for Apple to build its own wireless solutions are more strategic than cost-related.

Me, too!

Some of Apple's key smartphone competition, such as Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) and Huawei, have in-house modem solutions. As the world's most profitable smartphone vendor, it might make sense for Apple to have more direct control over one of the most critical pieces of technology that goes into its moneymaking iPhone product line.

Further, it's well known that the integration of the baseband with the applications processor -- which is realistic only when the chip designer can implement both the modem and the applications processor -- can lead to cost and power efficiency improvements.

A strategic element, too

Another element here is simply strategic. Qualcomm has been increasingly aggressive in trying to include advanced modem features even in its lower-end applications processors, which I believe is a way Qualcomm is trying to push Apple into buying higher-end modem chips.

Additionally, it's Qualcomm's way of trying to democratize (read: commoditize) the smartphone market so that device makers such as Apple capture less of the value to be had while chipmakers such as Qualcomm capture more.

If Apple is successful in cutting Qualcomm out of its supply chain in the long term, then not only could Apple potentially realize cost savings (depending on what Qualcomm charges Apple and how much funding a full modem and RF R&D pipeline costs), but it could potentially reduce Qualcomm's ability to invest in future products.

Any such transition is probably a long way off

If Apple is able to put together world-class LTE and RF solutions to reduce or eliminate its reliance on third-party modem suppliers, it probably won't be for a long time. This technology is difficult and expensive, and it takes time to build competitive technology.

Look no farther than Qualcomm's long list of fallen baseband foes for evidence of that. For instance, Broadcom bailed on baseboards last year, and NVIDIA has effectively given up also as it is no longer actively pursuing the smartphone market. But the big difference is that Apple has more of a vested interest in developing its own solution -- and plenty of time and money to invest in building one.

For example, five years after acquiring the Infineon Wireless assets, Intel is just now beginning to field competitive standalone LTE modems that are certified on carriers around the globe. Now, Apple makes a lot of money and has been increasing its research-and-development budget like crazy, so maybe the company has secretly built a team that has been working on this technology for years.

That said, if Apple were to transition to an "in-house" modem, I think once it had a viable baseband or RF solution in-hand, it would do what Samsung has done -- use external solutions from multiple vendors while using internal solutions in iPhones sold in a small but growing number of regions. Apple Watch Could Give Apple Inc. a Heavy Hand in the Gold Market When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) steps into a market, it steps in. The latest market that Apple is preparing to jump headfirst into is the nascent smartwatch market. But with Apple Watch Edition, the 18-karat gold models that start at $10,000, that also entails entering the gold commodity market.

Given Apple's sheer global scale when it comes to producing gadgets that consumers line up around the block for, Apple will inevitably become a very large player in the gold market. Apple has long been the single largest buyer of NAND flash memory in the world, so it carries disproportionate weight in that market. Could the same thing be about to happen for Apple in the gold market?

A numbers game

Last month, The Wall Street Journal reported that Apple was preparing to order 1 million Apple Watch Edition units per month during the second quarter. Apple says that each Apple Watch Edition case will weigh between 54 grams and 69 grams.

Size Rose Gold Yellow Gold 38 mm 54 grams 55 grams 42 mm 67 grams 69 grams

Without knowing what Apple Watch Edition's product mix will look like, let's just use 61.5 grams as the average. Apple Watch Edition will be 18-karat gold, or 75% purity, which implies approximately 46.1 grams of gold per case on average. That would be just about 1.5 troy ounces (which is 46.65 grams) of gold per case.

At 12 million units per year, that translates into 560 metric tons of gold that Apple would need. That would be nearly a fifth of the record 3,114 metric tons of gold that was mined globally in 2014, according to the World Gold Council.

12 million units is too much

Fellow Fool Adam Levine-Weinberg points out that 1 million units per month is clearly unrealistic when annualized, since 12 million units per year would translate into at least $120 billion in revenue in the first year. That would be compared to the current trailing-12-month revenue base of nearly $200 billion. As much as Apple investors would love to see that type of immediate growth from Apple Watch, it's simply not happening.

Rather, the more likely explanation is that Apple may be ordering 1 million per month only in the second quarter for some early channel fill, and that production rate will decline as it reaches its target range for channel inventory. Apple won't even know what its target range will be until it reaches supply/demand balance.

Additionally, Apple is using a custom alloy utilizing adjusted quantities of silver, copper, and palladium in order to strengthen the metal.

For these reasons, it's difficult to accurately estimate how much gold Apple would actually consume each year. But even using conservative figures -- for example, 5 million Apple Watch Edition units per year using 1 troy ounce each would still require 5% of the world's annual gold production -- Apple will undoubtedly become a major player in the gold market.

Living on the hedge

Gold is a particularly volatile commodity to purchase. Just look at how the spot price of gold has fluctuated over the past year.

The spot price of gold is currently around $1,160, quite a bit lower than the all-time high of over $1,900 set in 2011. Component cost volatility is easily the largest contributor to Apple's gross margin volatility, and entering the gold commodity market could take Apple's gross margin volatility to a whole new level.

Of course, it's not as if Apple just walks into the gold market and pays spot prices. Much like how it procures other components, it will likely utilize a wide range of forward contracts and supplier prepayments as a way to hedge against volatility. But hedging is not without risks, and hedges can become quite costly if you misjudge market movements. Just ask Delta Air Lines about how its fuel hedges performed last quarter. At times, gold can be even more volatile than crude oil.

Apple has already been increasing its hedging activity recently to accommodate for currency volatility, since foreign exchange movements have been hurting profitability in international markets. Adding gold to its hedging strategy isn't a stretch of the imagination.

Just like the NAND flash memory market, Apple will likely soon have a big say in the price of gold. Apple TV 'skinny' bundle could accelerate cord cutting The big TV premiere this fall could be the unbundling of TV.

Apple Inc. is in discussions with major TV programmers, including Fox, CBS and ABC, to create a "skinny" TV service for its Apple TV product and other Apple devices, according to people close to the companies who asked not to be identified.

The Cupertino, Calif.-based tech giant has long wanted to get into the business of television. However, its efforts have been rebuffed by broadcasters until now.

Apple is preparing to announce its new slenderized bundle of TV networks in June and have it ready to launch in September to coincide with the start of the fall TV season. The Wall Street Journal first reported the talks with programmers. NBC is said not to be involved in the talks.

Apple declined to comment both on the TV service and what s in store for the Apple TV box.

The Apple TV package would consist of about 25 channels, cutting out those outskirt networks that traditionally bulk up cable TV bundles. Apple is most interested in doing a deal with the broadcast networks, such as Fox and ABC, and is interested in including sister cable channels such as FX and ESPN in its offering.

The service could offer frustrated pay TV customers a lower-cost option.

"I think we are going to see an increase in cord cutting, but it s not going to be dramatic," said James McQuivey, an analyst with Forrester Research. "Not yet. The main reason it won't be dramatic is there is no way to cut the cord and still get everything you want. You can get some of what you want."

Instead, some consumers might find that they are spending more than they currently are for the right mix of channels, he added.

Although Apple has had its eye on designing a digital subscription TV service for quite some time, the breakthrough appears to have happened in recent months and culminated with its landmark deal with HBO.

Apple last week announced that it has a deal to be the exclusive digital device partner for HBO's stand-alone digital service, HBO Now, that will launch in April. The service will cost consumers $14.99 a month.

Last week, Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook hinted that Apple would become a bigger player in TV.

"We re offering content from all leading content providers. Adding more and more each day," Cook said during an Apple product conference.

A skinny package of channels for Apple TV could be a watershed moment for the television industry because of Apple's prowess with consumer products.

"To be fair, no one has wanted to be part of the Apple TV deal until very recently," McQuivey said. "Part of the reason why they are interested now is purely because of HBO."

Rumblings of the skinny service had some analysts exalting the development.

So-called over-the-top services have been steadily gaining momentum during the last year in response to a growing consumer preference for different distribution options. Recent entrants in the over-the-top game include Dish Network's Sling TV, which costs consumers $20 a month; CBS  All Access, which costs $5.99 a month; and HBO Now.

Sony also is working on an Internet delivery option. Other tech giants have approached the broadcast networks about providing additional outlets, knowledgeable people said.

"We believe the current pay-TV model remains antiquated, expensive, over-bundled and in dire need of major changes," wrote Cantor analyst Brian White. "In our view, Apple remains one of the few companies in the world that has the potential to transform the TV industry, and we believe consumers are ready for a change."

Times staff writer Paresh Dave contributed to this report.

Twitter: @villarrealy and @MegJamesLAT Jury Frees Apple From Core Wireless Patent Suit Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Apple Inc's iPhone Could Unlock This $71 Billion Market Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) could soon launch an iPhone dock as the central hub of its HomeKit smart home initiative, according to a new patent application published by the USPTO.

The patent application, initially filed in 2013, reveals designs for a dock equipped with a Lightning connector, proximity sensors for gesture controls, a touch-sensitive display, Wi-Fi, and support for wirelessly charging accessories. That's a big step up from Apple's older iPhone docks, which are basically simple charging stands.

A new dock isn't newsworthy on its own, but the new features suggest that a docked iPhone or iPad could be used as a smart home hub as well as a charging station for the Apple Watch. It also explains why Apple hasn't launched a dedicated dock for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus yet. Therefore, let's take a moment to revisit what we know about HomeKit, and how a new dock fits seamlessly into those plans.

The $71 billion opportunity

In "smart homes", most doors, windows, lights, appliances, and other home objects will eventually be controlled by machine-to-machine connections. Juniper Research expects revenues generated by smart home services to soar from $33 billion in 2013 to $71 billion in 2018.

That makes it a great market for Apple and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), the top smartphone OS makers in the world, to expand into. Apple's platform, HomeKit, will synchronize smart lightbulbs, locks, power outlets, and other objects with iOS devices.

Google's smart home hub is Nest, the "smart thermostat" it acquired for $3.2 billion last year. Google further expanded that ecosystem by acquiring Wi-Fi webcam maker Dropcam and smart home platform developer Revolv. Not to be left out, Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) acquired Internet of Things (IoT) company SmartThings for $200 million last year, and subsequently unveiled a central hub for compatible smart home devices.

Why hubs matter

Apple, Google, and Samsung all value the smart home and IoT markets because they can turn mobile devices into universal remote controls for their homes. Although most smart home device makers support multiple platforms, consumers will likely rely on single hubs and app ecosystems to simplify the home automation process.

Until now, Apple TV was expected to be HomeKit's primary hub, because it wasn't usually taken outside of the home network like the iPhone or iPad. Widespread rumors also suggest that iPhone and iPad owners could use Siri to connect to Apple TV and control their homes from outside the home network.

The problem with that plan is that Apple TVs are nowhere near as popular as iPhones and iPads. Apple recently announced that it had sold 25 million Apple TVs since 2007, up from 20 million last April.

By comparison, Apple sold 74.5 million iPhones and 21.4 million iPads last quarter. Apple TV only controlled 17% of the U.S. streaming device market in 2014, trailing in third place behind Roku and Chromecast, according to Parks Associates. That combination of slow sales and mediocre market share doesn't make it the ideal HomeKit hub.

But if iPhone and iPad owners consider the rumored "super dock" to be an essential accessory, its sales could quickly surpass the Apple TV, giving HomeKit much firmer roots to grow from.



Let's not get ahead of ourselves yet

As most Apple investors know, Apple rumors and patents are a dime a dozen. However, the idea of a wirelessly connected smart dock replacing Apple TV as HomeKit's main hub makes a lot of sense.

In my opinion, Apple will likely launch the dock earlier if Apple TV sales remain sluggish. That's probably why Apple lowered its price from $99 to $69 and signed an exclusive deal with Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) to launch HBO Now. If Apple TV sales perk up, it will probably launch a more spartan dock first to see if HomeKit's growth can keep boosting set-top box sales.

Therefore, it might be a long time before Apple's IoT "super dock" arrives, but it casts the spotlight on a market that investors shouldn't overlook -- the $71 billion smart home market. 
2015-08-02
Will Apple, Inc. Make an Electric Car With BMW? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reportedly held talks with BMW (NASDAQOTH:BAMXF) about using the frame of its i3 electric car for its own electric vehicle, according to German publication Manager Magazin.

Sharing the chassis and running gear, known as "platform sharing," is a common practice among automakers. But if Apple really wants to build a car on BMW's platform, then its auto-making plans could be further along than we previously thought. Back in February, The Wall Street Journal claimed that Apple greenlit a secret electric-car project, known as Project Titan, a year earlier.

Apple hasn't ever acknowledged Project Titan's existence. A BMW spokesman also recently told CNBC that the company regularly meets with Apple, but those discussions are mainly focused on "vehicle connectivity topics" instead of "vehicle development and production."

Would teaming up with BMW make sense?

BMW was notably the first automaker to add iPod support in its vehicles over 10 years ago. More recently, it launched an Apple Watch app, which can monitor an i-Series vehicle's power levels, control the climate, and even open doors.

Plug-in electric vehicle sales accounted for less than 1% of the auto market last year, but it's a rapidly growing market. According to InsideEVs.com, total sales of EVs in the U.S. rose 23% annually last year. The best-selling EV in the U.S. was Nissan's Leaf, followed by General Motors' Chevy Volt, and Tesla Motors' (NASDAQ:TSLA) Model S.

But the BMW i3 gained ground quickly this year. In the first six months of 2015, BMW sold 4,456 i3s in the U.S., putting it in fourth place behind the Model S, Leaf, and Volt -- in that order. The simultaneous rise of the i3 and Model S against the cheaper Leaf and Volt indicates that affluent consumers are fueling the growth of the EV market.

In terms of demographics, there are notable similarities between EV, BMW, and Apple customers. Based on 2013 sales, Experian Automotive found that nearly 21% of EV buyers had an average household income of over $175,000, versus 12% of hybrid buyers. According to 2010 figures, the average BMW owner had a median annual income of $169,000. Last year, comScore reported that the median iPhone app user earns $85,000 per year, compared to $61,000 for the median Android user. Those figures indicate that iPhone buyers might be more inclined to buy BMW EVs.

Why Tesla and Google should watch out

Tesla has made solid progress in the EV market, but it isn't a financial powerhouse. At the end of Tesla's first quarter, it had just $1.5 billion in cash and $2.5 billion in long-term debt. Plenty of people want to buy Tesla's EVs, but the company has struggled to meet that demand with enough shipments.

Apple finished last quarter with over $200 billion in cash, which is enough to buy Tesla six times, based on the latter's current market cap of $33 billion. If Apple gets serious about mass producing EVs, Tesla could be quickly outgunned on the production front and marginalized. That's why some investors previously asked Apple to simply buy Tesla and crack open its production bottleneck.

Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), which is still experimenting with driverless electric cars, should also watch Apple closely. Apple already locked Google out of connected cars with CarPlay, its dashboard mirroring solution for iPhones. With CarPlay, users are forced to use Apple Maps instead of Google Maps, which prevents Google from gathering data from iPhone users on the move. If Apple only offers CarPlay in its EVs, it could further widen that gap between iOS and Android users in connected vehicles.

Let's not get carried away yet

Apple might launch an EV one day, but investors shouldn't get carried away with rumors about "i3 iCars." A Bloomberg report claims that even if those reports are true, Apple probably won't start vehicle production until 2020. For now, investors who are interested in the link between Apple and automakers should focus more on CarPlay, which could seriously hamper Google's ability to track drivers with iPhones. 
2015-05-27
Apple, Inc. and Google, Inc. Team Up Against Uncle Sam Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) co-founder Steve Jobs once declared that he would go to "thermonuclear war" against Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) over Android, which he considered a "stolen product." Apple CEO Tim Cook never followed up on those threats, but the two companies are still fierce rivals in the mobile market.



However, Apple and Google recently set aside their differences to tackle a more urgent problem: the American government's controversial digital surveillance practices. Apple, Google, Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), other tech giants, and several noted cryptologists recently signed a letter to the Obama administration, urging it to not force tech companies to lower encryption standards or create "back doors" for law enforcement agencies.

Why law enforcement hates encryption

Most U.S. law enforcement agencies oppose universal encryption across electronic devices, claiming it helps bad guys cover their tracks. Tech companies note that all data backed up on cloud services like iCloud and Google Drive can already be subpoenaed legally.

Last October, FBI director James Comey argued that criminals could elect to not back up their data on the cloud, and that local disk encryption tools like Apple's FileVault were creating "a black hole for law enforcement."



In addition, even if devices are subpoenaed, there's no guarantee that agencies can decrypt them. Over the past few years, several defendants refused to enter passwords to decrypt their hard drives on the basis of Fifth Amendment rights. Some of them were eventually forced to decrypt their hard drives by court rulings, but courts across the U.S. remain divided on the issue. Furthermore, "remote wipe" tools can wipe devices that have already been seized.



Therefore, law enforcement agencies have suggested that device makers add back doors that only they can exclusively access, similar to a digital version of TSA locks for luggage. Apple, Google, and others pointed out that there's no guarantee that those back doors won't be exploited by hackers as well.

Why it's bad for business

Ethical questions aside, lower encryption standards and back doors would be bad for business. After whistleblower Edward Snowden exposed the extent of the NSA's surveillance operations -- which included access to personal emails, video chats, and phone calls -- U.S. tech and telecom companies have been eyed with suspicion in overseas markets.

Last year, the German government warned that Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows 8 could serve as an NSA back door when paired with a certain surveillance chip. Shortly afterwards, the Chinese government banned Windows 8 from its computers.



The German government also dumped Verizon for Deutsche Telekom, citing surveillance concerns after the Angela Merkel phone-hacking scandal. This February, the Chinese government banned the government use of Apple and Cisco devices, as well as Intel's security software. Facebook and Google both face constant questions about the legal "right to be forgotten" -- the idea that people should be able to erase their digital pasts -- across Europe.

The U.S. government then exacerbated this problem by bypassing national governments while requesting data stored on government servers. Last year, Microsoft lost an appeal to block the U.S. government's search warrant for a customer's emails stored in an Irish data center, which it called an "astounding infringement" on Ireland's national sovereignty. Apple, a big supporter of Microsoft's argument, notably started storing Chinese iCloud data in China last year, presumably to keep it away from the NSA.



Necessary or naive?

All these cases indicate that overseas customers are starting to see American tech companies as extensions of the NSA. As a result, countries are developing homegrown alternatives to American tech.

China already has Ubuntu Kylin, a Linux-based alternative to Windows for government computers, and Loongson processors, which power several supercomputers in place of Intel's industry-standard Xeon chips. If this trend continues, some U.S. tech companies could lose their competitive edge in foreign markets.

In my opinion, both sides of the argument between tech companies and law enforcement agencies are naive. Tech companies that want bulletproof encryption for all devices neglect the fact that they are creating ideal storage devices for criminals. Law enforcement agencies that want exclusive back doors to mobile devices overlook how easily hackers could exploit them. Letting "cyber police" quietly snoop through mobile devices also tramples all over civil rights.

There aren't any easy answers to this problem, but a line clearly has to be drawn somewhere. That's what Apple, Google, and Facebook are trying to do, but it's unclear if the Obama administration will listen. 3 Tech Stocks Hedge Funds Love: Apple Inc., Facebook Inc., and Google Inc. Goldman Sachs recently published its Hedge Fund Trend Monitor report, which shows which stocks are best loved by hedge fund managers. Among big tech stocks, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) stand out as particularly solid names from the list.

Hedge funds don't necessarily outperform the market with every stock pick, and it's important to do your own homework rather than blindly replicating others' investment decisions. Still, these three companies offer attractive upside potential over the long term.

Apple

Apple is delivering explosive growth on the back of booming demand for the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus. The company said total revenue spiked by 27% during the last quarter, reaching $58 billion. iPhone unit sales grew 40% to 61.17 million devices in the quarter, and U.S. dollar revenue in the iPhone segment was up 55% year over year to $40.28 billion.

Profit margins are on the rise, and Apple is also allocating tons of capital to stock buybacks, which increases earnings per share by reducing the outstanding share count. This allowed Apple to increase EPS by 40% in the last quarter, which is nothing short of breathtaking for the biggest corporation on the planet.

The company's balance sheet is pristine, with nearly $194 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments on its books. Even after deducting $40 billion in long-term debt and $3.8 billion in commercial paper obligations, this still leaves Apple with an enormous net cash position of over $150 billion. All this money provides massive financial firepower to continue rewarding investors with growing dividends and share buybacks over the coming years.

Apple stock also sells for a fairly reasonable price, trading at a forward P/E ratio around 14 times earnings forecast for the coming year. This is a discount to the S&P 500 index, which trades at a forward P/E ratio in the neighborhood of 18.

Facebook

Unlike Apple, Facebook trades at a stratospheric P/E ratio of more than 30 times earnings estimates for 2016. This valuation incorporates aggressive growth expectations for the company, which can always be a source of risk for investors, particularly if Facebook hits a bump in the road and growth rates fall below expectations over the coming quarters.

On the other hand, Facebook is delivering spectacular performance for investors, and everything seems to suggest the social network founded and run by Mark Zuckerberg has plenty of room to run in the years ahead.

The company had 1.44 billion monthly active users as of the last quarter, with 936 million daily active users. Importantly, Facebook is evolving into a family of apps: WhatsApp has more than 800 million users, 600 million people use Messenger, and Instagram has more than 300 million active members.

Excluding the impact of currency fluctuations, Facebook grew revenue by 49% year over year in the last quarter. Mobile advertising revenue represented 73% of advertising sales, up from 59% in the first quarter of 2014, so Facebook is doing remarkably well in mobile, a crucial growth driver in the business.

Google

Google stock has lagged the market lately: The online search giant has been basically flat over the last 12 months, while the Nasdaq Composite index gained over 20% in the same period. Investors seem concerned about the growing competitive threat from Facebook and other smaller players in the social media sector. While it's only natural to expect these companies to deliver higher growth rates than Google, this doesn t mean Google is dead money at these levels. Far from that, short-term weakness in Google stock looks like a buying opportunity for long-term investors.

Google is the undisputed heavyweight champion in online search. Based on data from StatCounter, the company owns more than 90% in the global search market when considering both desktop and mobile. Search and YouTube generate most of the company's sales and earnings, while smaller initiatives such as Google Play, Nest, and Google Cloud offer interesting possibilities for the coming years.

Google is not growing as rapidly as Facebook, but the key variables are still moving in the right direction. Sales adjusted for currency fluctuations grew by a healthy 17% year over year in the last quarter, and the business produces fat profit margins in the area of 26% of sales at the operating level.

Google trades at a forward P/E ratio of about 16 times expected earnings. Considering the company's competitive strengths, rock-solid profitability, and market leadership in the promising online advertising business, this valuation looks like a convenient entry price for investors. 
2015-03-04
Apple Bonds: How Much For The World's No. 1 Brand?  Apple Surpassed Samsung As Global Phone Market Leader, Says Report For the fourth quarter of 2014, reported a record-breaking profit of $18 billion -- which is the largest ever reported by a public company -- while Samsung said its profits actually dropped 37% year-on-year. After those results, there was speculation that Apple had become the world s largest smartphone manufacturer again. IT research firm is now claiming that Apple has narrowly surpassed Samsung in smartphone sales.

Apple sold 74.8 million iPhones compared to Samsung's sales of 73 million smartphones in the fourth quarter of last year. This is a dramatic change from one year earlier when Samsung sold 83.3 million smartphones against Apple s 50.2 million iPhone sales. Apple's win over Samsung in Q4 2014 is the first time that the Cupertino giant sold the most number of smartphones globally since 2011. For Q4 2014, Apple hit 20.4% for the global smartphone marketshare, surpassing Samsung's 19.9% share. took the third place spot through its sales of Lenovo and Motorola mobile phones for the fourth quarter of 2014. Lenovo hit a 6.6% market share, which is 47.6% growth year-over-year. Lenovo acquired Motorola s mobile division in October 2014.

"Samsung's performance in the smartphone market deteriorated further in the fourth quarter of 2014, when it lost nearly 10 percentage points in market share," said Gartner s principal research analyst Anshul Gupta in a company statement. "Samsung continues to struggle to control its falling smartphone share, which was at its highest in the third quarter of 2013. This downward trend shows that Samsung's share of profitable premium smartphone users has come under significant pressure." In a separate study, research firm Strategy Analytics claimed that Apple accounted for 89% of all smartphone profits for Q4 2014 at an estimated $18.8 billion compared to Android s $2.4 billion. Samsung s response to the iPhone 6 and the iPhone 6 Plus is the Galaxy S6 and the Galaxy S6 Edge, launching worldwide on April 10th   which should drive up the numbers for the Korean giant in 2015.

Chinese mobile company Xiaomi is nipping at the heels of the major smartphone players by offering high quality Android devices at a lower cost. Out of all of the global smartphone makers, Xiaomi saw the largest jump at triple its sales compared to a year ago. Xiaomi shipped 18.6 million smartphones in Q4 2014, behind Huawei s 21 million and Lenovo s 24 million.

Apple is currently dominating the premium phone market and Chinese mobile phone companies are offering quality devices in the lower cost market. This is causing Samsung to feel the pressure in both markets. Samsung has to stay innovative to maintain its strong marketshare, otherwise its profits will continue to drop. Gartner research director Roberta Cozza said that Samsung can secure its longer-term differentiation by offering a solid ecosystem of apps, content and services.

Even though Samsung suffered a loss during the fourth quarter of 2014, they still remained the largest smartphone vendor for the year. In 2014, Samsung shipped about 307.5 million smartphones while Apple shipped an estimated 191.4 million devices.

How many smartphones shipped around the world altogether in 2014? About 1.2 billion smartphones were shipped in 2014, up from 969.7 million in 2013. Statistically, every two out of three mobile phones that shipped last year were smartphones. Smartphones are simply becoming ubiquitous around the world and it will be interesting to see who comes out on top over the next few quarters.

What are your thoughts about the smartphone market? Let us know in the comments section below! Apple Watch Edition: Price - Simple Logic Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will undoubtedly announce the availability and pricing of the new Apple Watch line at its media event next Monday (10 AM PDT), along with many of the core features and new apps. While CEO Tim Cook has announced the price of the base model Sport Collection ($349) pricing for the other models - particularly the high end Apple Watch Edition - is anticipated with bated breath.

There has been a lot of speculation particularly on the Edition collection issue.

Jim Suva with Citigroup sees a starting price of $950,

Piper Jaffray's Gene Munster sees $4,999,

John Gruber of Daring Fireball writes:

I now think Edition models will start around $10,000.

That is quite a range. Of course, all realize that actual selling prices will depend on the band one chooses, and this will be particularly so for the Edition collection. So here we are referring to the base watch price, with the cheapest band available.

Logic

If we want to take a logical approach to this, where do we start?

Let's have some basic assumptions:

Build Cost of Edition = cost of Sport model + cost of gold Apple likes high markups While gold Edition collection is a beautifully designed and elegant product, it is not a true luxury watch (explained below)

Now let's address these one at a time.

Sport collection

This represents the base cost of the Apple Watch since the aluminum case and the strap together probably do not account for more than $2. Teardown specialists IHS Technology (IHS) reported that the total cost of materials and assembly for the iPhone 6 (base model) is $200. With a cost of $649 (unlocked) this gives a ratio of 3.5/1. With the Apple Watch Sport selling at $349, with the same ratio, Apple's build cost would be pennies shy of $100. Let's disregard the cost of the case and band and say that this is the cost of the internals - the screen, the stem, the S1 chip, sensors, etc.

This is the cost of a Apple Watch Edition not counting the case and the band. Since the base band is the Sport Band, Apples cost for the Edition will be the internals plus the gold in the case.

Cost of gold case

Now we need to figure the cost of the gold case.

Greg Koenig tweeted:

For fun, I took my Apple Watch models and used SW and some basic assumptions to figure the gold content. 29.16g:

He seems to have done a good job at modeling the case, so I think this is a good starting point. Let's round this up to 30 grams. At the current price of almost $30/gram for 18k gold, we have a cost of $900 for the case plus $100 for the internals for a total cost to Apple of an even $1000.

This definitely throws out the Citigroup number.

To lux or not to lux

As I noted above, John Gruber thinks the starting price will be $10,000. His argument is that this is what solid gold, luxury watches start at - which brings me to my point #3 - the Edition is not a true luxury watch.

Obviously, a watch selling at multiple thousands of dollars is not a pocket change item - perhaps for Mr. Cook, but not for most of us. Hence, the Edition is a luxury watch, just not in the usual sense. When you buy a "real" luxury watch you are buying several things: design, gold, uniqueness. Apple has the first two, they even have the third to a limited degree because of the selection of bands. And, since it is likely that other companies can make bands, there is opportunity for a reasonably unique combination. (Even the high end watches are not completely unique.)

BUT 

But there is one more thing that Apple cannot provide and is important to the high end watch - craftsmanship. The aficionado of quality watches appreciates that a watchmaker spent weeks if not months constructing by hand the incredibly sophisticate mechanism that goes into a true luxury watch. But the internals of the Apple Watch Edition is no different from that in the Sport model.

Here is something that will continue to differentiate what I call the true luxury watch from the Apple Watch Edition. Clearly Apple recognizes this. It is all right with them. But we also need to recognize this.

That said, I think Apple is going to stick with its typical mark up.

A tale of 2 gross margins

Look at the IHS build cost for iPhone 6 of $200 and you see that this gives a build gross margin of 71%. But Apple reports a gross margin of just 40% (39.9% precisely - Fiscal Q1 20115). What's up?

Clearly there is more than just build costs to the total cost of a product. These include the development, R&D, advertising and operating system development costs that are assigned to the product.

Now iPhone has the highest margins so we can figure that a "true" gross margin is probably around 45% since they need to pull up lower margins from other product lines. However, this will be less for the base model than for higher priced alternatives. So let's estimate 40% for the base iPhone 6.

The table shows that the costs outside the physical build costs assigned to the iPhone 6 are roughly equal to $190, or about 30%.

If we apply this factor to the Apple Watch Sport price of $349, we get an added cost of $105. This is the cost development, etc. assigned to the Apple Watch and should be no different for the Sport or the Edition collections. It has more to do with the internals than with superficial externals.

So we need to add this into our original figure of $1000 to compute a complete cost of $1100 (rounding down). But now we are looking for a margin of only 45% not the original build margin of 71%. But hey, this is the high end, Apple always gets a premium here. So let's say they are going for a margin of 55% on the Edition line (not counting bands). So, this means $1100 is 45% of the final price. The final price then is $2,444.

But wait 

But there is one more thing to figure in. Cost of sales. There are rumors that the Apple Watch Edition will be available at fine jewelry stores. Additionally, even in the Apple stores, these watches will take up more space and specially trained staff, and operate on a much lower volume. So the retail price will need to account for these factors. If Apple wants to make 50% or 55% margin on this product, then it will have to add in the sales commission.

Alex Hofberg of Watchworks in Portland, Oregon, has kindly informed me that the standard procedure in the high end watch world is a 60/40 split on retail price, with 40% to the shop, and 60% of retail price to the manufacturer.

If we add this in, then the final price for an Apple Watch Edition, with a sport band would be: $4,074. This could be rounded down to $4,000.

Summary

My calculations give a figure of $3,999 for the Apple Watch Edition as a base price, although the first computed figure of $2,444, rounded to $2,500 might also work. Both these seem quite reasonable as it treads the line between affordability for a professional family, and exclusivity. It undercuts the real luxury brands which it must do as it is only partially comparable with that category.

As for sales, I think it will do remarkably well. Those who can really afford a $30,000 to $100,000 watch can easily afford $6,000 - $10,000 watch that has practical advantages as an everyday watch, reserving the Longines for dress occasions. Meanwhile, professionals and business people who are not in that upper echelon, will find the price high, but affordable.

There are rumors that Apple is building 6 million Apple Watches for launch, and that about one sixth will be in the Edition collection. That is one million watches. They will need to ride the fine line if they want to sell this many.

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-11-21
How Apple, Inc. Might Eventually Make $153 Off Each User Every Month In many ways, you could think of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) as a subscription business. This case has been made before over the years, but Apple continues to solidify its recurring revenue with new initiatives like the iPhone Upgrade Program. Apple's hardware businesses are already effectively recurring revenue sources, since its user base is so loyal that it can count on regular upgrades at varying intervals for different products, all while retaining pricing power. That's long been the holy grail of the entire consumer electronics industry, and no other company has successfully accomplished this to the extent that Apple has.

But Goldman Sachs analyst Simona Jankowski is now broadening this framework and applying it to all of Apple's product lines.

Apple-as-a-Service?

According to Bloomberg, Jankowski believes that Apple is in the midst of transforming into a services company, even going as far as coining a new Apple-as-a-service term (as if the market needs more as-a-service acronyms). But we're not talking entirely about services in the traditional sense. That's probably a good thing too, since Apple has long lagged behind Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) in terms of offering a comprehensive of cloud services that work reliably and cohesively. Apple investors should be pleased to see this new development in the iDevice maker's competition with Alphabet.

More specifically, the analyst estimates that Apple users currently contribute around $42 each on average per month. That's a healthy average revenue per user, or ARPU, figure for a hardware-centric business when looked at as a subscription service. Here's how she derives that estimate.

A numbers game

She starts by estimating the global iPhone installed base at 470 million, applies penetration estimates on each different product category, and then prorates a typical product in that category by a monthly installment based on expected upgrade cycles. Jankowski figures that 15% of iPhone users have a Mac, 52% have an iPad, 2% have an Apple Watch, and 1% have an Apple TV. The estimates also suggest that users upgrade their iPhones every two years, Macs every four years, and iPads every three years. Apple Watch and Apple TV are expected to be upgraded every two years.

If you weigh approximate prices with the variables above, here's how much Apple effectively generates per user per month.

Product Monthly ARPU iPhone $27.94 Mac $4.06 iPad $5.71 Apple Watch $0.27 Apple TV $0.06 Total hardware ARPU $38.04 Services ARPU $3.50 Total ARPU $41.54

But here's where the plot thickens. The analyst believes that over time, Apple can grow this ARPU figure all the way up to a whopping $153, or over triple the current level. But this might be a little bit too optimistic.

First, it assumes 100% penetration of all product categories within the iPhone installed base, which isn't really realistic in emerging markets since those consumers don't adopt all of these categories. Second, it assumes that all of these users will upgrade all of these products at regular intervals without fail, which is really a function of Apple's own development cycle. We don't know what the Apple Watch cycle will be yet since it's a brand new category, and Apple TV went for three years without a refresh. Even Apple doesn't know what the consumer iPad upgrade cycle will be, either.

To be clear, Goldman doesn't actually expect this all to come to fruition, but instead believes $153 ARPU may be realistic for U.S. consumers and a $50 ARPU sounds reasonable for all international users. If Goldman is even half-right, though, with its assumptions, Apple's business won't rely on unit growth if it can better monetize its existing user base, which is why Jankowski has assigned a $163 price target on the Mac maker. TSMC Said to Be the Sole Manufacturer of Apple Inc.'s A9X Chip It is well-known that the A9 chip inside of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently launched 6s/6s Plus phones is manufactured by both TSMC (NYSE:TSM) on its 16-nanometer FinFET Plus manufacturing technology as well as by Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) on one of its 14-nanometer process flavors. (I have confirmed with multiple sources privately that it is Samsung's higher-performing LPP process, not the LPE that was used to build Samsung's Exynos 7420.)

However, multiple reports have recently hit the Web -- this time from the generally reliable KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo as well as from Japanese website Touch Lab -- claiming that the A9X is manufactured solely by TSMC.

Let's take a closer look at the implications of this.

A very good sign for next year's A10 processor

According to a source I believe to be reliable, TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus technology offers better transistor performance/electrical characteristics than Samsung's 14-nanometer LPP technology (something I first published here).

The fact that Apple chose to use TSMC exclusively to manufacture the A9X is probably a good indication that this is indeed the case.

In a recent article published right here on Fool.com, I argued that because of the above fact, the A10 -- which I believe will be produced exclusively by TSMC -- should be able to see a nice boost in clock speed/performance as a result of being produced solely on TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus.

I think the fact that the A9X uses the same CPU cores at the A9 but clocks them significantly higher (+22%) is a fairly good indication that Apple will, indeed, be able to get a "free" clock speed boost by building the A10 exclusively on TSMC's process next year and not having to dial things back to allow the chip to be manufactured on the inferior Samsung process.

This clock speed improvement should, of course, come in addition to any architectural enhancements Apple brings to the next-generation CPU. Although I don't expect as big of a boost as we saw with the A9, I think Apple will do some interesting things with its next-generation CPU.

I expect TSMC to win the A10X; what does the future hold?

I suspect that in addition to winning the entirety of the A10 orders, the superior performance/power characteristics of TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus technology should allow it to win the entirety of the orders for the next-generation iPad-exclusive chip, likely to be called the A10X, next year.

After all, the A10X is a higher-performing, harder-to-manufacture variant of the A10, so it seems only natural that if Samsung's 14-nanometer LPP wasn't good enough for the A10, then it's not going to be good enough for the A10X.

The picture is a little less clear for what happens after the 14/16-nanometer generation. TSMC seems to be quite confident that it will be able to begin mass production of its 10-nanometer technology by the end of 2016. Unlike the situation with 14/16-nanometer, where TSMC had a bit of a late start relative to Samsung, TSMC should be in a position to start building the next-generation A11 chips on its 10-nanometer process beginning at the end of next year.

From what I've been told by a source with knowledge of the situation, Samsung is still in the running for the A11 orders. Although I'm sure Apple would like to foster competition between Samsung and TSMC in order to get the best deal it can on wafer prices, I am inclined to think TSMC has the upper hand at the 10-nanometer generation given its strong technical execution at the 14/16-nanometer generation.

If Samsung can deliver a 10-nanometer process with comparable performance/power/area characteristics to TSMC's 10-nanometer process at good manufacturing yields, then I expect Apple to "split" the orders as it did with the A9. However, if one foundry winds up with a significant lead in performance/power/area as well as manufacturing yields, then I would expect Apple to go with the foundry with the better solution.

I suspect we'll learn more about Apple's process choice(s) for the A11 by next year. 
2015-09-01
Apple's TV Service Could Be 'Netflix On Steroids' Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) reportedly abandoned any and all plans to release television set, which did not surprise anyone, but rumors insist the company is still interested in the business.

Recent reports indicated that Apple might be looking to crack the pay-TV market, but there are a number of obstacles that may be impossible to overcome. The latest rumor comes from Variety, which reported Apple's intent to produce original content for an unannounced service.

"What did Apple do when it released the iPhone? They ended up dominating the smartphone industry," tech expert Sean Udall told Benzinga. "They try to come into an industry and become one of the three largest players and ideally the largest player."

Udall said there is little doubt that Apple is building a pay-TV service of some kind, but he doesn't expect the company to compete with the likes of Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ: CMCSA). He said the bundle -- particularly those that include Internet, cable and phone services -- is the best entertainment deal available.

"It's a great deal," said Udall. "If you try to replicate that, especially if you need [specific] channels I want Bloomberg and CNBC. I want certain sports channels [and] pay channels. To replicate that without a cable bundle, I guarantee it would cost me more, especially if I want a phone and 100-meg Internet service."

Udall expects Apple to target Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) instead.

"My view has always been they bring Netflix on steroids," Udall said of Apple's plans. He does not think it would be very difficult for Apple to acquire 60 to 70 percent of the content already present on other streaming services, which is not exclusive.

It would be more challenging for Apple to acquire content from Walt Disney Co (NYSE: DIS) and DreamWorks Animation Skg Inc (NASDAQ: DWA), which have exclusive deals with Netflix. Hulu recently scored its first major deal after signing with EPIX.

"Even YouTube does original content," Udall added. "If you're gonna have a system -- a media content delivery system -- you're gonna have original content."

Related Link: Is Apple's 'Drought Of Innovation' Finally Over?

Risky Business

Patrick Moorhead, president and principal analyst at Moor Insights & Strategy, is a fan of the pay-TV concept but does not think that Apple should produce original content.

"Original content is always exciting, but also realize that people are shopping around to everybody," Moorhead told Benzinga. "It's not as if Apple is going to inspire some new genre of content."

Moorhead is most concerned that Apple will offend some of its customers with the content it produces.

"I think this is risky for Apple," said Moorhead. "I think it's risky in that they will associate their brand -- the most powerful consumer brand on the planet -- they will take a major risk on messing that up for very low gain. Imagine this: you have the ability to offend the left, the right, the center, the LGBT."

Apple currently sells controversial content via iTunes (such as this movie from 2013), but Moorhead said that's less of an issue because Apple "didn't underwrite it."

"They're not funding it," he said. "They're not investing $50 million to own the content and fund the production of it."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Patrick Moorhead Sean UdallAnalyst Color Top Stories Exclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-02-26
Apple Inc. Stock Will Plummet to $60: Berenberg Apple usually draws out the bull in analysts, but one firm is predicting destruction for the company. In fact, the $60 per share price target set by the German investment bank is so low that some of you are probably wondering if that s a typo. No, it isn t.

Apple s ultra-bear

Apple Insider s Neil Hughes reported on the research note from analyst Adnaan Ahmad of Berenberg Bank. His biggest problem regarding Apple is its reliance on iPhone sales an issue that was raised by BGC analysts not too long ago, although even at that time, the firm s price target for Apple was over $100 a share.

In all fairness, Apple does get 70% of its sales and 85% of its operating profits from the iPhone. Because of the company s hefty size, the analyst thinks it will stumble as the law of large numbers catches up with it.

Any hope in Apple s future products?

Ahmad believes the accelerated replacement cycle of the smartphone will slow down, resulting in negative growth for Apple s iPhone volumes. He also thinks there s a limit to just how much of the high end smartphone market Apple will ever be able to take and predicts that the company is going to have to slash its price premium gradually. He notes that Apple has already done this with the iPod, the iPad and the Mac.

Apple is preparing to launch the Apple Watch in a couple of months, but Ahmad doesn t expect much from the smartwatch. However, he s a big fan of the idea that Apple might build a car. He echoed the same worn-out suggestion we ve heard so many times before: Apple should buy Tesla.

Again, a Tesla acquisition seems unlikely from any angle, as does the idea of an Apple car actually landing on the market one day.

Apple price target upped by Stifel

On the bullish side, Stifel analysts actually increased their bullish price target for Apple from $130 to $150 per share this week. They think investors will respond positively when management reveals their capital return plans going forward, which they are expected to do in April with the company s next earnings report.

Stifel analyst Aaron Rakers and his team expect Apple to announced a capital return program of at least $150 billion, including a dividend that s greater than 25%. They note that the company s free cash flow has been over $40 billion for the last 13 quarters. Also Apple issued new debt recently, which could be used to fund share repurchases and dividends.

The Stifel team notes that Apple has returned 78% of its free cash flow since management began their capital return program in September 2012. The company has trimmed its share count by 11.4% since then and continued an annualized dividend payout of between $10 billion and $11 billion. Additionally, Apple upped its dividend per share payout 15% in 2013 and 8% in 2014. In their view, Apple can comfortably up its dividend to between $13.5 billion and $14 billion per annum, which would be between $2.30 and $2.40 per share or a 1.8% dividend yield.

Apple may disappoint on capital return plans

Not everyone has such high hopes for Apple s capital return plan, however, as Forbes contributor Chunk Jones thinks investors will be disappointed. He thinks Apple will up its dividend by 6% to 9%, and the reason he thinks it will be so low is because of the compounding impact of continually raising the dividend each year.

Of course Apple is limited in terms of how much capital it can return because so much of its cash is overseas. Jones points to comments made by UBS analyst Steven Milunovich, who suggested that Apple might keep the amount of its share repurchase plan small with a shorter time frame than in past announcements. The reason for this is because lawmakers have been discussing tax cuts on profits made overseas.

As a result, it does seem likely that Wall Street will be disappointed because the amount of share buybacks Apple is planning might not be as high as investors would like.

As of this writing, shares of Apple were up by 1.3% to $130.46 per share, still hovering close to the recent record highs in the $130s. 
2015-02-17
Apple Inc Campus 2, Phase 2 plans R&D facilities big enough to design a car Feature

Apple is moving forward with advanced plans for Phase 2 of its ambitious Campus 2 project, including testing workshops and research and development facilities with enough room to develop and test new products the size of an automobile.





Apple Campus 2 Phase 2, take 2

Tantau gets a Phase-lift

Campus 2's Phase 2 R&D and testing facilities were realigned last fall, likely in order to address an evolving strategy involving much larger products than Apple has ever designed and built before



Previously, Phase 2 outlined plans for ten separate square buildings

New R&D office includes EV parking in underground garage





Car-sized testing workshop facilities













Apple Campus 2 is just beginning to rise , but a modified Phase 2 development envisions additional buildings on the site, echoing the clean, simple lines and glass walls of the central "Spaceship" Ring.Viewed from above, a series of sleek, white rectangular buildings--housing an additional 2,200 employees--are planned on 16 acres at the southeast corner of the Campus 2 site along North Tantau Avenue where it intersects with the 280 freeway, east of the large main parking structures now under construction.Originally, this secondary development was portrayed as ten square buildings on either side of Tantau, along with one larger rectangular building (as depicted below).Apple's revamped plans for Phase 2 merge these boxes together into fewer, larger office buildings, with a dedicated parking structure that also incorporates racks of servers in an on-site data center.The timing of this Phase 2 redesign correlates with Apple's reported moves to focus on development of an automotive product. AppleInsider outlined the company's automotive industry inclinations back in 2012, but recent mainstream media reports that suggest the company plans to develop an entire vehicle are relatively new.That indicates that Campus 2's Phase 2 R&D and testing facilities were realigned last fall, likely in order to address an evolving strategy involving much larger products than Apple has ever designed and built before, whether a car or vehicle information systems the company would be testing within vehicles.The largest building in the Phase 2 cluster is a four story, 300,000 square foot office building (below) devoted to research and development, featuring expansive curtain walls of glass that provide unobstructed views of the surrounding landscaping.The main Phase 2 building includes one level of 280 underground parking spaces--including facilities for electric vehicles--with limited additional parking on the surface, making room for plenty of bicycle parking and open landscaping.Apple may intend to use these new buildings to develop an electric vehicle--potentially even a self driving car--but the Phase 2 R&D campus expansion itself is designed to encourage employees' transit use, ride sharing and bicycle commuting, a significant shift from the previous car-centric suburban sprawl it replaces.The Phase 2 site's former 103,000 square feet of office space at Ridgeview Court 1 (below) was demolished over the past month. Expansive surface parking lots previously covered most of the open land surrounding the buildings.Over the past year, Apple used part of the former parking lot to build a mockup prototype section of the Ring for testing.That temporary structure was also removed over the winter, leaving a bare lot on a island of land separated from the rest of the Campus 2 site by Calabazas Creek.The main Phase 2 building will also include a kitchen, espresso bar and dining facilities overlooking a landscaped outdoor seating area along the creek. The southern boundary will feature an acoustic wall to help shield the site from freeway traffic noise.The street side of the building will be partially obscured by new trees (below), while the secure and private inner side will be surrounded by landscaping.Planning documents indicate that the site's secured, secluded and serene location are key elements in its design as an R&D facility, giving designers a relaxing, reflective space to develop new products and the technologies that will power them.Across the street, a pair of two story testing facilities will provide 222,000 square feet of additional workshop and office space, replacing Apple's three existing buildings at the Tantau 1 and Tantau 2 locations and nearly doubling their existing 146,000 square feet of office space.In place of the surface lots, a separate five story parking structure will provide room for 620 vehicles as well as a new 32,000 square foot data center located in the basement.Like the two much larger parking structures in Phase 1, this building will also feature a roof covered in solar panels to help offset its energy use, even prior to accounting for the separate off-site solar array the company is funding in rural Monterey County to the south.Apple's architects presented proposed renderings of the parking structure both with and without mesh panels, both featuring a design complementing the circular main campus and reflecting the minimal, open design concept previously used in a series of new Apple retail stores, including the company's nearby Stanford store.A third office building to the north of the creek will contribute another 84.000 square feet of space in a smaller two story structure of a similar design, at the location of existing Apple buildings at Tantau 3.The sites on Tantau border a residential neighborhood, separated by a wall and trees. The public Jenny Strand Park to the east, featuring a large open field and tennis courts, will be accessible from the Phase 2 buildings via a passageway.The new buildings will be stitched together by a boardwalk and landscaping featuring a variety of redwood, oak and other deciduous trees paired with sustainable ground cover designed to require minimal irrigation.The R&D, testing workshop facilities and server data center of Phase 2 will complement the 2.8-million-square-foot "Spaceship" Ring designed to accomodate 12,000 employees, along with a fitness center, auditorium, transit center and other amenities.

AppleInsider presented an exclusive video overview (above) of construction progress in our recent February Campus 2 report. Apple Inc. To Buy Tesla For $75 Billion In 18 Months: Calacanis Calacanis  prediction is based on Apple s interest in building cars and Tim Cook s obsession with clean energy

Apple rarely makes big-ticket acquisitions. Its biggest ever purchase was the $3 billion deal for Beats Electronics. But angel investor and entrepreneur Jason Calacanis predicts that the Cupertino company would pay a staggering $75 billion to buy Tesla in the next 18 months. Rumors have been doing rounds for more than a year that Apple was interested in buying Tesla.

Why Apple and Tesla are a perfect match

Last week, The Wall Street Journal, Reuters and Financial Times reported within a span of three days that Apple was indeed working on its own electric car. The Cupertino has hundreds of engineers dedicated to working on a top-secret car project dubbed  Titan.  Apple has been aggressively hiring Tesla engineers by offering them big salaries. The Elon Musk-led company is also poaching Apple employees.

Calacanis confessed that he had no proof or inside information that Apple was looking to buy Tesla. His prediction is based Apple s interest in building cars and Tim Cook s  obsession  with clean energy. The iPhone maker last week signed a $850 million deal with First Solar to build a solar plant. Calacanis said that Apple and Tesla were a perfect match.

Steve Jobs wanted to challenge Detroit

Steve Jobs was also interested in building cars to take on Detroit. In an interview with John Markoff of The New York Times before Jobs died, the Apple co-founder said that if he had more energy, he would have liked to challenge Detroit. Moreover, Apple s reputation for making great products puts it among the few companies Elon Musk would consider selling Tesla to.

Calacanis added that Apple s software, design team, and global distribution network would  level Tesla up.  No other company can acquire Tesla because they either don t have the money, or they can t assure Elon Musk that they won t mess it up. Apple already offers CarPlay for a variety of automakers. The connected car market is expected to be worth $141 billion in five years.

Apple has the cash and Elon Musk has the revolutionary technology, so it makes sense for them to join hands. Of course, no one knows what the share price of Tesla will be in 18 months from now   and that number would make a big difference in terms of offers. Additionally, Apple is not known for large acquisitions   so the prediction is far from sure. How Apple Defies The Law Of Large Numbers  Apple Pay's invasion of China stalls BEIJING (Caixin Online)   China s central bank, UnionPay bank-card service and e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. BABA, -0.38% are standing up to Apple Inc. s AAPL, -0.53% effort to bring the Apple Pay no-card-no-cash payment system to iPhone users in China.

About Caixin

Caixin is a Beijing-based media group dedicated to providing high-quality and authoritative financial and business news and information through periodicals, online and TV/video programs.

  Get the Caixin e-newsletter Caixin is a Beijing-based media group dedicated to providing high-quality and authoritative financial and business news and information through periodicals, online and TV/video programs.

 Apple is seeking to cooperate with Chinese financial institutions  including banks for the use of Apple Pay, a People s Bank of China (PBOC) official said.

At the same time, the American company has not yet  acknowledged regulators,  and as a result,  it s unclear whether the product meets the government s requirements  for a commercial operation.

Apple is also struggling with its relationship with UnionPay, China s state-owned credit- and debit-card system operator. Sources close to the companies said that talks aimed at an agreement that would open China to Apple Pay have stalled.

The central bank official who asked not to be named said regulators have not intervened in negotiations between Apple and UnionPay, which began last year and were reportedly aimed at an agreement by March.

Apple Pay was launched for commercial use in the United States about a month after the September release of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6S handsets. By swiping an iPhone at a checkout counter, an Apple Pay customer in the U.S. can complete a transaction quickly through a wireless link to his or her bank account or credit card.

Apple is reportedly working toward expanding this service globally. But it is unclear whether the Apple Pay feature will be allowed in China, one of Apple s biggest markets, anytime soon.

Apple Pay relies on near-field communication (NFC), a wireless system that transmits data from a special chip-equipped smartphone to a bank through a point-of-sale (POS) reader at a checkout counter. A UnionPay-linked NFC system has been around for about two years, letting consumers with Chinese bank accounts shop with smartphones equipped with China Mobile 0941, -0.41% CHL, -0.60% or China Unicom 0762, +1.33% CHU, +0.67% SIM cards.

Separately, some consumers are using smartphones to make payments through quick-response (QR) code systems linked to Alibaba Group s Alipay, Tencent Holdings Ltd. s 0700, -0.17% TCEHY, +0.20% WePay and other mobile application services.

Apple Pay has hit bumps in China despite Apple s efforts to make friends with Alibaba and UnionPay.

Industry observers had hoped for an agreement after Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook and Alibaba Chairman Jack Ma said separately in October their companies were in cooperation talks. Speculation ran high that Apple Pay might find a way to access China by using Alipay instead of UnionPay to process iPhone owner transactions.

Alipay s app uses a fingerprint password that, underscoring their corporate friendship, was jointly developed by Alibaba and Apple, apparently with a view to building a cooperative payment system in the future, said an Alipay employee who requested anonymity. The companies  have stayed in contact and are preparing for several projects,  the employee said.

But Alipay has yet to find a way to work around the UnionPay system, which is the sole channel for NFC transactions in China and sets rates for settlement fees paid by merchants. UnionPay s control of this system thus stands in the way of a potential Apple Pay-Alipay deal.

The rate charged by UnionPay to users of the NFC system  is a heavy price to pay for Alipay. We don t have an offline settlement system, and expensive POS equipment is unaffordable to us,  said the Alipay source.

Chen Jianwei, director of the mobile finance department of Zhongyintong Payment Co., a UnionPay affiliate that provides payment services, said Alipay is doing no more than  supporting offline payments in some grocery stores and vending machines using QR codes. 

Standards and profits

UnionPay is holding its ground despite a November agreement whereby Apple started accepting consumer payments through UnionPay at its stores in China. UnionPay s NFC system is indeed  technologically compatible with Apple Pay,  said one analyst.

To qualify for access to any NFC system in China, according to regulators with the central bank, Apple Pay must comply with a central bank rule that restricts electronic payment systems to those using chips that meet a technical standard called PBOC 3.0. A source familiar with Apple Pay said iPhone chips that drive the payment system do not fully comply with this standard.

Indeed, regulators who studied Apple Pay raised concerns about compliance with Chinese regulations and security standards.

The Chinese government has also told Apple that as a condition for Apple Pay, the company must open a mainland China data center to house all Chinese customer-related information tied to Apply Pay clients, said an official at the central bank. This rule is in step with the country s data-security standards, which are designed to  prevent data leaks  and keep the Chinese payment system running smoothly if technical problems arise at a data center overseas.

Some industry watchers say Apple is also facing headwinds because UnionPay does not want to lose the power it has over financial transactions.

 Letting Apple Pay enter China will have a profound impact  on the payment market, said a financial-sector source.  For UnionPay, cooperating with Apple means opening its settlement system. It would be hard to say who s in control. 

 UnionPay definitely wants to keep a grip on the system,  the person said.

Sources close to the talks between Apple and Chinese banks with which it s negotiating say these discussions are revolving around how the U.S. company might cooperate with UnionPay. The talks, which started late last year, involve at least eight banks including China Merchants Bank 3968, +0.49% CIHHF, -4.69% 600036, -0.53% Bank of China 3988, +0.00% BACHY, +0.30% 601988, -0.83% China Construction Bank 3328, -0.34% BKFCF, -8.11% 601939, -0.84% and the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China 1398, +0.00% IDCBF, +3.91% 601398, -0.21% .

The talks have also hit snags over profit-sharing issues, according to sources.

Apple Pay in the U.S. charges 0.15% of the 2% fee paid by merchants for each credit-card payment, as well as a half-cent for each debit-card payment, according to the company.

The National Development and Reform Commission, China s top economic planner, says merchants can be charged between 0.38% and 1.25% for each credit- or debit-card transaction. Currently, 70% of these fees go to the card issuer, 20% to the acquiring bank which processes the card payment and 10% to UnionPay.

 Apple Pay s 0.15% fee charge is too high for China,  said a bank source who asked not to be named.

China Merchants Bank, the clientele of which is said to generally include more young adults than other banks, appears more willing than other institutions to cooperate with Apple, the person said.

Banks that are bigger than Merchants  have mature POS markets, and they don t have to relinquish such a large share of their profits just for a payment service that s in vogue,  said a source at one of China s biggest state banks.  It won t give a big bank any significant advantage. How many customers would come get a bank card just for Apple Pay? I wouldn t expect many. 

Alipay charges merchants 0.7% to 1.2% per transaction, while WeChat Wallet charges 0.6%. Smaller players charge less.

These payment services  don t follow the fee standards set by banks, so their pricing varies a lot,  said an employee of a large bank who works in the electronic-banking department.  But in general it s quite low. 

See this report at Caixin Online. Follow Caixin on Twitter at @caixin. What Exactly Is an Apple Watch For? When Apple started developing its smartwatch, executives envisioned a state-of-the-art health-monitoring device that could measure numerous health levels, but none of those technologies made it into the much-anticipated Apple Watch, due in April. Daisuke Wakabayashi joins MoneyBeat.

When Apple Inc. started developing its smartwatch, executives envisioned a state-of-the-art health-monitoring device that could measure blood pressure, heart activity and stress levels, among other things, according to people familiar with the matter.

But none of those technologies made it into the much-anticipated Apple Watch, due in April. Some didn t work reliably. Others proved too complex. And still others could have prompted... 
2015-05-20
How Apple Inc. Will Transition Completely to OLED Displays When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) first unveiled the Apple Watch last fall, it described its screen as a "flexible Retina display." Shares of Universal Display Corporation (NASDAQ:OLED) were wrongly crushed the following day as a result, falling as much as 10% when investors assumed Apple's vague verbiage meant the watch would have an LCD instead of the OLED specialist's flagship technology.

To be fair, it was hard to blame investors for their confusion; back in 2013, Apple CEO Tim Cook blasted OLED technology during an investor conference, calling its color saturation "awful," telling consumers to "think twice before depending on the color of an OLED display," and noting Apple's Retina displays were twice as bright as OLED displays at the time.

Step 1: OLED Apple Watch

But now here we are, and thanks to some handy R&D efforts, Apple has found a way to make its "Retina" branding and OLED peacefully coexist in the same device. Both Universal Display management and tech teardowns of Apple Watch have confirmed it does sport an OLED display, likely provided through a previously reported manufacturing and supply agreement with Universal Display customer LG Display (NYSE:LPL). And it's hard to blame Apple for the shift, as OLED displays can be made thinner, more power efficient, and even flexible.

However, with small screen sizes of either 42 mm or 38 mm (depending on the model), Apple Watch currently has a minimal impact on Universal Display's revenue and earnings. So more than anything, Universal Display investors are rightly taking Apple Watch as an exciting sign of things to come from the folks in Cupertino.

That'll won't happen immediately, of course. But in the meantime, there are already several signs Apple is ramping its plans to expand the role of OLED in its iDevices. In fact, I think it's quite possible that, over time, Apple will completely transition away from LCD and toward OLED.

If I'm right, here are Apple's next steps:

Step 2: OLED iPhones

During Universal Display's conference call with analysts earlier this month, CEO Steve Abramson specifically called out a DisplayMate review of the OLED display in the Apple Watch. Specifically, he read the line from the review stating Apple Watch "provides very nice, pleasing and accurate colors and picture quality, and is a very good side-by-side match to the iPhone 6" (emphasis mine).

But what would it take to get an actual OLED display inside the iPhone? Recall in January, Japanese media reports stated Apple has contracted both Foxconn (NASDAQOTH:FXCOF) and Innolux to build a $2.6 billion plant to manufacture not only flexible OLED displays for wearable devices, but also five-inch OLED smartphone displays. Apple was also said to require exclusive access to the plant's full production capacity, with a targeted time frame of "2016 or 2017."

In March, however, Apple also made a billion-dollar prepayment to help fund and secure exclusive capacity from a similar new LCD factory to be run by Japan Display, with a targeted opening of 2016. Consequently, analysts at JPMorgan predicted this means Apple will likely stick to LCD for at least the next iteration of its iPhone line up.

But given the "2016 or 2017" time frame for Foxconn's OLED factory, that doesn't mean the two factories' outputs must conflict with one another. That's also not to mention the fact Samsung Display -- currently Universal Display's single largest customer -- recently formed a 200-person team reported to focus exclusively on Apple's display needs. And Samsung, for its part, is already the world's undisputed leader in producing both small and medium-sized OLED displays.

Step 3: OLED iPads (and more?)

Speaking of medium-sized displays, last month Korean news site ETNews reported Japan OLED -- or JOLED, a joint venture launched last year by Japan Display, Sony, and Panasonic -- has been contracted by Apple to produce OLED displays for next-generation iPad tablets. ETNews also claimed that, contrary to early reports of a pilot production target of the end of 2017, JOLED is now aiming for a late-2016 goal to achieve mass production for this venture. If that's true, it would mean Apple is attempting to roll out its next-gen, OLED-centric iPads and iPhones around the same time, while smartly hedging its bets using different display vendors.

Then again, without an OLED MacBook this wouldn't be a complete transition to OLED. But given its history, it also wouldn't surprise me in the least if Apple were to attempt to incorporate larger OLED displays into its repertoire. Around this time last year, for example, The Korea Herald reported Apple asked an "unnamed" South Korean company for sample panels for a 65-inch OLED iTV. And in an open letter to Tim Cook earlier this week, activist Apple investor Carl Icahn said he believes the tech behemoth will introduce an ultra HD television sometime next year -- though it's hardly a guarantee, as The Wall Street Journal subsequently cited "people familiar with the matter" as saying Apple quietly shelved its TV plans sometime last year.

Nonetheless, if one thing seems clear it's that Apple is working hard to deepen the role of OLED technology in its product repertoire. Its plans will take time to come to fruition. But as Apple's transition becomes more clear by the day, I think Universal Display investors will only continue to be handsomely rewarded for their patience. Spotify Hits Apple Inc. With a Starbucks Partnership The annual Billboard Music Awards on Sunday were, as expected, a Taylor Swift coronation ceremony with the country/pop/rock(?) star taking eight wins out of 14 nominations. But when it comes to music, the biggest story (outside of Taylor Swift) isn't the introduction of a new genre, group, or video, but rather a rapid change of the delivery model.

For music, this has happened before: Records were replaced by 8-tracks, which were replaced by tapes, then CDs, then digital downloads. The latter switch gave Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) significant market power as its iTunes content library acquired strong market share as a gatekeeper of content. Even now, iTunes is the top digital download site, with a recent study pegging its paid digital download market share at over 60% as of fourth-quarter 2012.

For Apple, however, the news isn't all good when it comes to its digital download business. Last October, The Wall Street Journal reported that Apple's digital download revenue had dropped 13%-14% since the start of the year. The Recording Industry Association of America reported an 8.5% drop in digital downloads in 2014. The reason given: streaming delivery. Now, Spotify is working with Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX) to expand its streaming user base while competing against Apple's digital downloads and streaming services.

The partnership

Both companies get something from the deal, which Starbucks announced on May 18. Starbucks employees receive access to Spotify Premium, and its loyalty program members will receive access to Starbucks music on Spotify via the coffee slinger's mobile app and the ability to influence in-store playlists -- both of which serve to deepen the relationship and value for loyalty members. The deal seems even better for Spotify since its premium services will be promoted in Starbucks stores and because the music streamer will have instant access to 10 million Starbucks Rewards loyalty members as part of the agreement.

Unlike a large percentage of Spotify's 60 million global users, Starbucks already has its rewards members' credit cards on file, paving a way for Spotify to convert potential users into more-lucrative Spotify Premium subscribers. The nexus of this partnership is the "Stars as Currency" promotion in which Spotify users can access and earn Starbucks loyalty rewards points.

While the companies did not disclose specifics of the "Stars as Currency" promotion, Spotify becoming the first third-party partner with Starbucks is a huge opportunity for the company to bolster its user base for the ad-free, paid Spotify Premium service. The company has come under fire by record labels and artists for not doing more to monetize its user base, with Swift even pulling her catalog off of the service.

A pre-emptive strike?

This is a way for Spotify to differentiate its service and introduce its product to a new clientele. That's important in an increasingly crowded market. Outside of streaming-only services competitors such as Rdio, Pandora, and Jay-Z's new Tidal service, tech giants Google, Apple, and Amazon.com are expanding into streaming delivery. Considering the delivered product, music, is essentially the same among these services, the rush to be the first to consumer and establish familiarity is high.

Apple's has a free, ad-supported streaming service in iTunes Radio (ad free with a $24.99/year iTunes Match subscription), but appears to be rolling out its Beats Audio streaming service as well. The new service seems to have no free version and is rumored to cost $9.99 monthly. While Spotify gained expanded access to 10 million people and promotion agreements from its new Starbucks partnership, Apple still commands a huge built-in potential market with its massive U.S. iPhone installed base of 94 million users. Spotify's move should be commended, but for Apple investors this isn't a large story. Why I'm Glad Apple Inc. Killed Its Smart TV Plans Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) scrapped its plans for a smart TV last year, according to a recent report in The Wall Street Journal. During the planning stages, Apple considered installing sensor-equipped cameras for FaceTime chats on a 4K display, but it ultimately couldn't find enough "compelling" reasons to launch its own branded TV.

That report dashed hopes that Apple would disrupt the TV market in the same way that it turned the smartphone and tablet markets upside down. But in my opinion, it was definitely the right play.

Why some people are upset

To understand why it was smart for Apple to kill its TV plans, we should first discuss why people thought it was a good idea.

Activist investor Carl Icahn, who owns about $6.8 billion in Apple stock, has been an outspoken supporter of Apple-branded smart TVs. In an open letter to CEO Tim Cook, Icahn claims that Apple could sell 10 million 55" and 65" 4K TVs at an average price of $1,500 in fiscal 2016, which would generate $15 billion in revenues. In 2017, he expects shipments to reach 25 million units and generate $37.5 billion in revenues.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster also expected Apple to launch a TV. Like Icahn, Munster claimed that Apple would start selling TVs for $1,500 each in fiscal 2016. Munster originally predicted that an Apple smart TV's combination of Siri, FaceTime, a TV app store, and a PrimeSense-based motion control device would set it apart from competing devices.

But it's not just about top line growth

Projections by Icahn, Munster, and others mainly focus on the revenue that could be generated by an Apple smart TV. But the problem with the TV business is the bottom line.

Margins in the TV market are so low that major players like Philips and Panasonic have respectively exited and scaled down their TV businesses. Even Sony spun off its TV business as a separate operating unit last year.

South Korean companies Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) and LG, which accounted for 40% of the global smart TV market last year, notably fared better. Unlike Japanese manufacturers, which use components from multiple suppliers, Samsung and LG mainly use their own components to produce cheaper TV sets. By selling cheaper sets and undercutting their Japanese rivals, both companies took advantage of economies of scale -- meaning that the cost of unit production declined as more units were produced.

The commoditization of 4K smart TVs

However, most HDTVs are still sold at low single-digit margins. To boost those margins, TV manufacturers are upgrading the resolution to 4K and charging higher prices for comparable sized screens. They're also piling on smart TV features for media streaming, games, and web browsing.

However, prices for 4K smart TVs are already tumbling. In April, Vizio started selling 43" 4K smart TVs for $600, and 55" units for just $1,000. Xiaomi, the second largest smartphone maker in China, launched a 55" smart TV for $800 in March.

Meanwhile, customers who don't want to buy a new smart TV just to use Netflix or Hulu can buy cheap streaming devices like Amazon's Fire TV Stick, Google Chromecast, Roku set-top boxes, or Apple's $69 Apple TV set-top box.

Why Apple investors should be relieved

There's simply no reason for Apple to jump into the crowded low-margin battlefield of smart TVs when it can sell its hardware at gross margins exceeding 40%. Steve Jobs reportedly once told employees, "TV is a terrible business. They don't turn over and the margins suck."

Perhaps Icahn will argue that Apple's brand appeal could convince people to buy $1,500 4K TVs. But in my opinion, TVs don't belong in the same category as smartphones or tablets. Plunging prices across the market indicate that customers favor big screens with low price tags, and the upgrade cycle for TVs is much longer than the one for smartphones and tablets.

In addition, Apple already has a decent foothold in the connected TV market with Apple TV, which accounted for 17% of all streaming media devices in the U.S. last year, according to Parks Associates. That makes it a decent platform for delivering iTunes, its upcoming streaming TV service, and other digital content to customers.

The key takeaways

As a long-term Apple shareholder, I'm glad the company scrapped its plans for a 4K smart TV. There's no reason for Apple to ruin its margins by diving headfirst into a heavily commoditized market. Instead, Apple TV represents a more elegant and low-risk way for Apple to profit from the growth of the streaming media market. Is Carl Icahn Right or Wrong About Apple Inc. Stock? Billionaire fund manager Carl Icahn has recently published his newest letter to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) management, which basically comes down to a major idea: Apple stock is massively undervalued, so the company should accelerate its stock buyback program to capitalize on the opportunity to repurchase stock at convenient prices.

Mr. Icahn owns a large position of nearly $6.3 billion in Apple stock, so his interest in this matter is not purely theoretical by any means. Icahn is putting his money where his mouth is, and he is one of the most successful investors around; so looking at the rationale behind his thesis could be quite enlightening for investors in Apple stock.

Is Apple massively undervalued?

Carl Icahn and his team calculate that Apple stock is worth $240 per share. This would mean a massive upside potential of nearly 85% versus a current price in the neighborhood of $130. This is a big part of his thesis, because undervaluation is arguably the best reason to accelerate share buybacks.

Icahn estimates that Apple will make $12 in earnings per share during 2016. Applying a multiple of 18 times earnings to those figures leads to an estimated value of $216 per share for the business. In addition, Mr. Icahn calculates that Apple will have $24 per share in net cash, which leads to a total estimated total value of $240 ($216 + $24) when adding the value of the business plus its net cash position.

In his letter, Mr. Icahn compares Apple's valuation with the valuation the market is assigning to the broad S&P 500 Index, and he finds that Apple is materially undervalued: "When we compare Apple's P/E ratio to that of the S&P 500 index, we find that the market continues to value Apple at a significantly discounted multiple of only 10.9, compared to 17.4 for the S&P 500, awarding the S&P 500 with a 60% premium valuation to Apple."

On growth and valuation

Arguably, one of the main reasons why Apple trades at a discount valuation versus the overall market is the fact that the company depends heavily on the iPhone when it comes to sales and profits: Almost 70% of total revenues came from the iPhone segment during the last quarter.

iPhone sales are truly booming. Total revenues in this segment grew 55% year over year in the March quarter, reaching $40.3 billion. On the other hand, product concentration is always a source of risk in the long term, especially in such a dynamic and always-changing industry like consumer electronics. If iPhone growth slows down because of market saturation or increased competitive pressure, then Apple could take a considerable hit.

On the other hand, Mr. Icahn believes investors are underestimating Apple's growth prospects, and this is the main reason why the stock is undervalued. In his own words:

It may be difficult for some to fathom (only because Apple is already the largest company in the world), but Apple is very much a long term growth story from our perspective, which is exactly why we believe the company's shares should trade at a premium multiple to the S&P 500, as opposed to the S&P 500 trading at a 60% premium to Apple.

Icahn believes Apple will enter the TV and automobile industries over the middle term, and these could be powerful growth drivers for the company. It's hard to tell what Apple's next move will be, or how much these potential new markets could move the needle in terms of overall revenue growth. However, there are strong reasons to believe Apple could sustain above-average growth rates in the coming years.

To begin with, there is no sign of slowdown when it comes to the iPhone. The new iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus models are particularly strong from a competitive point of view, attracting a higher rate of switchers than previous iPhone models. Also, demand from emerging markets is particularly encouraging, as iPhone sales grew 58% in those geographies during the last quarter.

Apple is the most valuable brand in the world according to different publications, and this is a major advantage when it comes to both pricing power and successfully entering new product categories. Also, recent launches such as Apple Pay and Apple Watch prove that Apple is not resting on its laurels when it comes to growth and innovation.

It's almost impossible to tell what entering categories such as TV or automobiles could mean for Apple. However, Carl Icahn could be spot on when it comes to the company's overall growth prospects and attractive valuation.

Putting the money to work

Apple generates far more cash than it needs to reinvest in the business. Free cash flow in the first two quarters of fiscal 2015 was $47.2 billion, a 44% increase versus the same period in the prior year. The company is increasingly allocating capital to buybacks: Apple has recently increased its share-repurchase authorization to $140 billion from the $90 billion level announced last year. From the inception of its capital return program in August 2012 through this March, Apple has returned more than $80 billion to shareholders via buybacks.

Interestingly, management seems to agree with Carl Icahn on Apple's promising growth prospects and attractively valued stock -- hence the growing buybacks. In the words of Luca Maestri, SVP and CFO: "We're allocating the majority of the expansion of the program to share repurchases, given our strong confidence in the future of Apple and the value we see in our stock."

In spite of these generous capital distributions, the company continues accumulating tons of cash on its balance sheet. Apple has nearly $194 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments on its books. Even after deducting $40 billion in long-term debt and $3.8 billion in commercial paper obligations, this still leaves Apple with an enormous net cash position of more than $150 billion. This clearly shows that the company has more than enough money to take its share buyback program to even higher levels.

Carl Icahn's forecasts and assumptions regarding Apple are a matter of debate, but the company does look attractively valued considering its prospects. It also continues generating colossal amounts of free cash flow.

While Apple's buyback program is already quite big, there's no reason to believe it should not get even bigger. In fact, chances are that Apple will continue increasing its share buyback program for years to come. 
2015-07-04
3 Reasons Apple Inc. Wants an OLED iPhone By 2018 If the world's leading display suppliers have their way, three years from now Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will be using a drastically different display technology than the LCDs you see today in its most popular products. According to industry sources speaking with BusinessKorea, Apple is "serious" about transitioning its flagship iPhone line away from LCD and "to one equipped with organic light-emitting diode (OLED) screens."

In particular, BusinessKorea reported that top Apple display supplier LG Display (NYSE:LPL) intends to shift one of its LCD lines in Gumi, South Korea, to become an OLED line, aiming for mass production in 2017. You might also recall that in January, Apple was rumored to have contracted both Foxconn and Innolux to build a $2.6 billion plant to manufacture OLED displays for both wearables and smartphones. As a result, "It is very likely that the first flexible iPhone may be introduced in 2018," according to BusinessKorea's source.

That would be fantastic -- albeit not entirely unexpected -- news for investors in OLED specialist Universal Display (NASDAQ:OLED), which licenses its OLED IP and sells OLED materials to suppliers including LG Display and Samsung Display. But why specifically would Apple want to switch from LCD to OLED? Here are three of the biggest reasons:

1. iDevice consistency

First, BusinessKorea noted that Apple already uses flexible OLED displays in its new Apple Watch line, with LG Display and Samsung Display as its two primary suppliers. That makes sense, considering that OLED emits its own light and requires no backlight, which in turn allows OLED displays to be made thinner and more power-efficient than their LCD counterparts. Both are crucial to save space and maximize battery life in a small wearable device like the Apple Watch. But Apple could obviously benefit by applying these features to its iPhone line.

What's more, while DisplayMate has lauded the OLED display in the Apple Watch as a "very good side-by-side match to the iPhone 6," it's not exactly the same and required some handy engineering efforts to achieve the feat. If Apple transitions future iPhone models to OLED as well, it should enjoy the synergies of scale while also enabling itself to hone its focus on a single display technology for its small and medium-sized products.

2. Better color saturation, accuracy, and brightness

Next, BusinessKorea's source said OLED "displays can solve [Apple's] existing weak points such as color saturation, accuracy, and brightness." And yes, those are the very things Apple CEO Tim Cook blasted as shortcomings of OLED displays back in early 2013.

But OLED has come a long way since then. According to DisplayMate, "OLED display technology is now challenging and even exceeding the performance of the best LCDs" after a series of systematic improvements over the past five years.

In fact, DisplayMate said recently that Samsung's "Galaxy S6 Basic Screen Mode provides the most accurate on-screen image colors of any smartphone or tablet display that we have ever measured." In addition, the Galaxy S6 became the second smartphone display to ever receive all "Green" (or very good to excellent) ratings in each of DisplayMate's test and measurement categories. The only other display to do so was the OLED in the Galaxy Note 4 late last year.

Considering that Samsung is unlikely to slow its iterations of OLED improvements from here, Apple might have no choice but to adopt OLED on a broader scale as well.

3. Design possibilities

Finally -- and arguably most exciting -- are the design possibilities OLED affords device manufacturers. In addition to being slimmer, more power efficient, and providing better color saturation, accuracy, and brightness, plastic-based OLEDs can be made flexible, semitransparent, and virtually indestructible.

Of course, we've already seen the first iterations of curved smartphones, including Samsung's massively popular Galaxy S6 Edge and LG's stunning new G Flex 2. And late last year, Samsung even revealed plans to commercially launch a device featuring a flexible, foldable OLED display by the end of 2015.

But as the image at the top of this article indicates, Apple is already hard at work developing and patenting its own designs for a flexible, bendable iPhone. That certainly doesn't guarantee that the 2018 iPhone discussed by BusinessKorea will be truly bendable, as many consumers hope. At the very least, however, the first two reasons above should provide more than enough incentive for Apple to make the switch. If that happens, it will arguably cement OLED displays as a central piece of next-generation devices. 
2015-04-01
Apple Inc. Sets a Date for Its Q2 Earnings Report Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has announced the date for its fiscal 2015 second-quarter earnings report. Mark your calendars: On Monday, April 27, Apple will release its latest quarterly figures and host a live conference call to discuss the results. With Apple stock up about 15% since it reported record quarterly results in January and up 61% in the past twelve months, the market will be watching the world's most valuable publicly traded company closely when it reports earnings.

Expected numbers

Analysts, on average, expect Apple to report revenue of $55.5 billion, up 21.6% from year-ago sales of $45.7 billion. The year-over-year growth would be a significant deceleration from the 57% growth achieved in Q1, but also easily beat the Q2 year-over-year growth achieved in 2014 of 14%.

Analysts expect Apple's Q2 year-over-year EPS growth to exceed its revenue growth during the same period, reflecting the affects of Apple's aggressive share repurchase program as well as a year-over-year improvement in the company's gross profit margins. The consensus analyst estimate for Apple's second-quarter EPS is $2.12, up 28% from the year-ago quarter.

When Apple reported its first-quarter results, Apple guided for $52 to $55 billion in revenue and a gross profit margin of 38.5% to 39.5% for Q2. Since the second quarter of 2013, Apple has mostly either reported quarterly revenue and gross profit margin figures at the high end of its guided ranges or above them.

Apple Watch, guidance, and cash plans likely to take center stage

Though unrelated to the fiscal Q2, given that the report is scheduled the Monday following the first launch weekend of Apple Watch, Apple CEO Tim Cook may be swarmed with questions about how well the new product line sold over the weekend. While pre-orders for Apple Watch begin April 10, the watch isn't available to purchase and take home until Friday April 24.

Curiosity regarding Apple Watch will probably carry over to Apple's guidance. Investors will want to know whether the company's guidance range for third-quarter results factors in the potential sales from the Apple Watch -- and if it is factored in, to what extent? The Apple Watch will be available for purchase for over two months of the third quarter.

Along with quarterly results, an Apple Watch update, and guidance, Apple is also expected to update its share repurchase program. As fellow Fool Evan Niu recently noted, at Apple's average rate of repurchasing approximately $11 billion of shares every quarter, the company's authorized funds for repurchases are set to expire at the end of Apple's fiscal second quarter. And despite Apple's aggressive spending on repurchases -- not to mention the company's regular dividend -- Apple's balance sheet is robust enough to initiate a record capital return program if it wanted to.

Apple CFO Luca Maestri said during the Apple's first-quarter earnings call that it expects to update its capital return program when it reports second-quarter results.

Apple's second-quarter results as well as the link to the conference call will be available here about 15 to 30 minutes after market close on April 27. The conference call will begin at 5:00 p.m. ET.

Stay tuned at The Motley Fool for more pre-Apple earnings analysis as well as our Foolish take on the results after they go live. From the iPhone to the App Store -- A Look at the Apple Inc. Product Mix Despite this table being so small that you and I are sitting at, you could put every Apple product on it, and yet this year our revenues will be approximately $180 billion.

That quote was taken from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook during his interview with Charlie Rose. The products making up that $180 billion in sales are by no means equally distributed -- below is an overview of the five reported product categories.

It is all about the iPhone

The smartphone market is the most critical to Apple's success. The iPhone generates the overwhelming majority of revenue, about $102 billion for fiscal 2014 or just over 55% of net sales. That is up slightly from the previous year when the iPhone accounted for just over 53% of net sales.

The iPhone business is also among the fastest growing segments. It rose 12% on an annual basis last year and 16% in the year prior. Apple has three other business segments that generate sales in the double-digit billions, but the iPhone is the only one in the triple-digits.

iPad is in second place

The tablet market comes in at a distant second. Last year, the iPad generated $30.3 billion in net sales, about 16.5% of the total. Notably, both figures are down quite a bit from 2013 -- the iPad generated $32 billion that year, roughly 19% of net sales.

The iPad has been an ugly stain on an otherwise solid series of earnings reports. The category has underperformed the broader tablet market (though to be fair, some rival vendors have done even worse). So long as the other businesses are growing, the declining iPad sales are not a major concern. Still, it is disappointing for a product category that was once widely believed to hold the greatest potential for the company.

Mac is a close third

The PC market is almost as important to Apple as the market for tablets. Last year, Macs brought in $24.1 billion or just over 13% of sales.

This category grew rapidly last year with net sales rising 12% and actual product sales up 16%. While it is possible the Mac business could be benefiting from a halo effect -- the nature of its ecosystem of products encourages customers to purchase multiple Apple gadgets -- price may be the most significant contributing factor.

Apple has worked to reduce the price of its entry-level models over the last few years, dropping the price of its Macs and lowering the total cost of ownership with free software updates. Assuming current trends continue, the Mac could overtake the iPad in just a few years to become the second largest business.

Apps may be the fastest-growing business, but services could still bring in more revenue

iTunes and Software and Services is the fourth largest business segment. This category includes a variety of products, including media (music, movies, and book sales), services (AppleCare), and app sales.

Last year, analysts at Macquarie (via Om Malik) broke the segment down into its various components. According to their estimates, services were the biggest contributor in fiscal 2014, generating roughly $7.8 billion of net sales. Media came in second with $5.9 billion of net sales, while app-related revenue generated roughly $4.3 billion.

That would make services the fourth largest category for Apple, but the app market should be far more interesting to investors. Given the recent rise of free-to-play mobile games, app revenue has exploded, and this tremendous growth is projected to continue in the years ahead. Macquarie estimates that, by 2020, apps will bring in nearly $15 billion in net sales annually.

The introduction of Apple Pay, however, could shake things up as it is now counted alongside other services like AppleCare. It was not a factor in fiscal 2014, but this year -- and going forward -- service-related revenue should ramp up if Apple Pay adoption meaningfully increases, and payments could emerge as a vital market for Apple.

Accessory sales brought in more than $6 billion last year

Cases and cables are a big business for Apple -- Apple-branded accessories brought in $6.1 billion last year, just over 3% of net sales. That is up more than 7% from the prior year. Roughly three out of every four smartphone owners use a case -- so the more iPhones Apple sells, the more accessories it should expect to move.

Apple TV may have also been a significant contributor as it was counted among this segment in 2014. With its AirPlay capabilities, Apple TV has historically been seen as an accessory for other Apple products (the iPad, iPhone, and Mac). Rumors of an upcoming Apple TV app store and new set-top device could have major implications for the TV industry. If Apple delivers, this could be yet another major growth driver for the company. 33 Apple Stats That Will Blow Your Mind A recent infographic published by Shop On Less highlights several interesting stats and facts about Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL). Some of them might be known; others might be very surprising. So, without further ado, here are 33 intriguing Apple stats and facts:

1. Apple's famed "bitten apple" logo was not the first one the company had. Here s a succession of the logos since 1976   note that the first one included Newton sitting under the apple tree.

Source: Shop On Less

2. Apple is the world s most valuable brand, being only 39 years old.

3. The company was established on April Fool s Day, 1976.

4. Steve Jobs was not the only owner   although he was certainly the most well-known. The company was also owned by Steve Wozniak and Ronald Wayne

5. All three founders worked at Atari before forming Apple.

6. Not all of Apple s products were successful. Some failures include: the Macintosh TV (the company's first attempt to integrate computers and TV, in 1993), the iPod Shuffle 3rd Generation, the Mighty Mouse and the Apple Bandai Pippin (a multimedia technology console).

7. The most successful products were the first iMac (launched in 1984), the iPod (2001), the MacBook (2006), the iPhone (2007) and the iPad (2010).

8. Chances of getting into Harvard University are higher than those of getting a job at the Apple Store.

9. Apple has almost 100,000 employees around the globe.

10. Its headquarters' employees earn, on average, $125,000 a year.

11. More than half of Apple s employees live in San Jose, California.

12. Only 15 countries around the world have Apple retail stores.

13. Ironically, the iPad's retina display is manufactured by one of the company's largest competitors: SAMSUNG ELECT LTD(F) (OTC: SSNLF).

Related Link: Apple Sold $2 Billion Worth Of iPhones Into Samsung's User Base

14. Additionally, Samsung manufactures 30 percent of the A8 chips used in the iPhone 6.

15. Even selling twice as many phones as Apple, Samsung has generated the same amount of revenue and a considerably smaller profit.

16. Apple creates fake projects from time to time to check for leaks among employees.

17. Apple generates more than $5,000 per second.

18. Apple has more operating cash than the U.S. Treasury.

19. It is also worth more than the entire Russian stock market.

20. Smoking near Apple computers voids the warranty.

21. The average PC user spends 50 hours a year troubleshooting. Mac users only spend five hours.

22. Apple could afford to buy everyone in the U.S. an iPod touch, and still have some money left over.

23. The company owns the patent for the "slide to unlock" feature.

24. People have waited in line for months to get Apple products. A man in Japan arrived at the store seven months before the iPhone 6 was launched to get it first.

25. Apple stores and analyzes everything you say to Siri.

26. If you fully charge your iPhone once a day, you will spend about $0.25 worth of electricity in a full year.

27. Apple cannot market iPhones in Brazil because another company already owns the trademark

28. In 2014, 326 iPhones were sold every minute.

Related Link: Citi Remains Bullish On Apple, Cites Product Demand And Increasing Margins

29. The creator of the first iPod first offered the idea to Koninklijke Philips NV (ADR) (NYSE: PHG) and RealNetworks Inc (NASDAQ: RNWK), but they both rejected it.

30. When the first prototype of Apple's iPod finally arrived at Steve Jobs' hands, he dropped it into an aquarium. The bubbles released proved that it could be made smaller, eliminating empty space.

31. The iPod's code name was "Dulcimer." The iPhone's, a cold "M68."

32. The iTunes license agreement stipulates that you agree not to use Apple products to create nuclear weapons.

33. Apple may working on its own car, which it hopes to release by 2020.

Image Source: Public Domain

Posted-In: Apple Bandai Pippin Apple Store Atari Harvard iMac iPadTech General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-06-22
Will Apple Inc.'s New Music Service Kill Pandora Media Inc.? Pandora Media (NYSE:P) stock has been under considerable pressure lately, falling by almost 45% over the last year as investors grow disappointed with the company's financial performance. Adding to the concerns, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently announced the launch of its new music streaming service, Apple Music, on June 30. Will Apple Music kill Pandora Media?

Music to investors' ears

Times are changing rapidly in the music industry. When Apple introduced the iPod in 2001, the ad campaign said "1,000 songs in your pocket." But consumers don t want to carry music in their pockets anymore. Why would you do that when streaming services offer a practically unlimited library of content available in the cloud via Internet or other connections?

According to the IFPI 2015 Digital Music Report, the music industry last year produced the same amount of revenue from digital channels as from physical product sales. But the main trend is quite clear: Digital is rapidly gaining ground versus physical, and streaming is major driver of that dynamic.

Total digital music revenue increased 6.9% in 2014, but permanent downloads declined by 8%. Most of the growth came from streaming, with subscription streaming revenue growing 39% and ad-supported streaming increasing 38.6%.

Young consumers and millennials are particularly inclined toward streaming in replacement of the old music ownership model. This is clearly a key demographic segment in the industry, so everything suggests the music streaming revolution is here to stay and grow.

Pandora vs. Spotify and Apple Music

The good news for Pandora shareholders is that the company is in the right place when it comes to the main industry trends. On the other hand, Pandora is far from alone in trying to profit from a changing industry landscape, and growing competition in music streaming is a major risk for the company.

As of the first quarter of 2015, Pandora had 79.2 million active listeners, and the company accounted for 10% of U.S. radio share, according to management. Pandora's business model is mostly based on free music streaming monetized via advertising, which produced 77% of total revenue in the last quarter. The company also offers a premium service allowing members to play music without ads for $5 a month, but this service has never gained much traction among listeners.

When looking at the online radio industry, Pandora has a leading 62% share of the market, followed by Spotify with 22% and iHeartRadio with 8%. The company has the first-mover advantage, and it has collected tons of valuable data regarding tastes and habits of its users via its Music Genome technologies and other statistical techniques. The company is clearly the top dog in advertising-based online radio.

Spotify is another leading player in the industry, but it has a different business model. Spotify reportedly has 75 million active users; the company's main strength is its ability to convert those users into paying subscribers -- more than 20 million subscribers are paying Spotify $9.99 monthly for the premium service.

Based on Apple's announcement, Apple Music looks like a more threatening competitor for Spotify than for Pandora. Apple Music will cost $9.99 per month, just like Spotify's premium service, and it will offer a similarly sized library, with approximately 30 million tracks.

Keep in mind that Apple launched its iTunes Radio service in September 2013; this service should theoretically compete head-to-head against Pandora, but it has not inflicted much damage on the online radio company.

Pandora is mostly targeted toward consumers who are not willing to pay for online music; this is a sizable piece of the market, and it will probably remain so in the future. Pandora CFO Mike Herring recently said he believes 80% of listeners in the U.S. are unwilling to pay for services such as Apple Music. This could be an exaggeration, and Herring is obviously an interested party in the discussion, but he probably has a valid point in saying many consumers will remain loyal to Pandora and its ad-supported business model.

Pandora is operating in a very dynamic environment, competition is on the rise, and the business remains unprofitable, so the stock should be considered a risky proposition. On the other hand, music streaming should provide enough room for multiple players with different business models to grow and thrive over the long term, and Pandora is the leading player in ad-supported radio. With this in mind, I see no reason to believe Apple Music will necessarily kill Pandora. The Remarkable Story of How Taylor Swift Got Apple to Bend--and the Lessons ... While you and I were enjoying time with friends and family yesterday, a soap opera played out between superstar artist Taylor Swift and technology juggernaut Apple regarding the company's new music streaming service, Apple Music.

Here's how Swift got the most valuable company in the world to bend:

In introducing the new streaming service, Apple is offering a free three-month trial to new users. The company had originally planned to not pay royalties to artists during the three-month period. In response, Swift (who famously pulled her music from popular streaming service Spotify last fall) announced via Tumblr Sunday morning that she wouldn't allow Apple Music to access her super-hit album 1989.

In an open letter entitled "To Apple, Love Taylor," the singer criticized the company for its refusal to compensate artists, writers, and producers. She writes:

"I'm sure you are aware that Apple Music will be offering a free three month trial to anyone who signs up for the service. I'm not sure you know that Apple Music will not be paying writers, producers, or artists for those three months. I find it to be shocking, disappointing, and completely unlike this historically progressive and generous company."

Swift concluded powerfully:

"We don't ask you for free iPhones. Please don't ask us to provide you with our music for no compensation."

(You can read the letter in its entirety here.)

In an astonishing turn of events, Apple then performed a complete 180, with Apple senior vice president Eddy Cue breaking the news on Twitter:

#AppleMusic will pay artist for streaming, even during customer s free trial period -; Eddy Cue (@cue) June 22, 2015

We hear you @taylorswift13 and indie artists. Love, Apple -; Eddy Cue (@cue) June 22, 2015

Apple's about-face is a testament to the power of Swift's voice in the continuing evolution of streaming music. It also demonstrates how the rules of marketing and branding have changed significantly in past years due to the popularity of social media.

So what lessons can we extract? Here are four:

1. Humility rules.

In an interview with The Associated Press, Cue said the following:

"When I woke up this morning and I saw Taylor's note...it really solidified that we needed to make a change."

After discussing an adjusted game plan with Apple chief Tim Cook, Cue spoke personally to Swift (according to a statement made to re/code's Peter Kafka):

"I did reach out to Taylor today, and talked to her, and let her know that we heard her concerns, and wanted her to know that we were making changes. She was thrilled to hear from us and that we were making the change, and we were grateful for that."

Let's recap here. A company who recently became the first ever to close at a value over $700 billion said, in essence: We're wrong. You're right. Here's what we're going to do about it.

In the end, Apple will get way more publicity and goodwill, and in turn new users of their service, by "messing up" and apologizing than if they had decided to pay artists in the first place. (Who knows? With numerous marketing geniuses at their disposal, maybe that was the plan all along.)

Not all companies have partners or suppliers with over 59 million followers on Twitter, like Swift. But nowadays, any complaint can go viral or gain publicity. Every company makes "mistakes".

The key is in how you handle the ones that go public.

2. Time is of the essence.

In the past, Swift might have released her letter through a major newspaper or magazine. Apple would have responded through a press release or interview with the same outlets.

And nowadays?

Swift published the open letter on her personal blog. Apple responded publicly via Twitter.

Traditional media scrambled simply to cover the story. The time between Swift's post going live and Apple's change of heart?

Seventeen hours.

Depending on your demographic, it may be difficult to grasp why you need a social media manager or team. I know what you're thinking: Is adding someone to the payroll whose primary tools are Facebook, Twitter and WordPress really a top priority?

In short, yes.

If you're lacking an effective social media presence, you're behind the game--big time. People who can work the power of these platforms to your advantage are a valuable investment.

And remember...

3. It's not about you.

Swift's power and influence are in large part due to her enormous social media following. (Interesting fact: Swift has more Twitter followers than Beyonce, Kanye West and Miley Cyrus combined.)

So how does she do it? Swift treats her fans like friends. She comments on their posts. She retweets their wedding videos and covers of her songs. This inspires loyalty and engagement in her fan base, giving her a louder voice on issues like this.

In her letter, notice how Swift fights for the little guy:

"This is not about me. Thankfully I am on my fifth album and can support myself, my band, crew, and entire management team by playing live shows. This is about the new artist or band that has just released their first single and will not be paid for its success. This is about the young songwriter who just got his or her first cut and thought that the royalties from that would get them out of debt. This is about the producer who works tirelessly to innovate and create, just like the innovators and creators at Apple are pioneering in their field...but will not get paid for a quarter of a year's worth of plays on his or her songs."

It's great to do what you love. But after enjoying a degree of success, it's easy to lose perspective. Resist the temptation to become self-indulgent.

Remember:

Your brand is only worth the value it provides others.

4. Show a little R-E-S-P-E-C-T.

Historically, Swift and Apple have enjoyed a good relationship. Despite the critical nature of Swift's letter, it's worth noting how it opens:

"I write this to explain why I'll be holding back my album, 1989, from the new streaming service, Apple Music. I feel this deserves an explanation because Apple has been and will continue to be one of my best partners in selling music and creating ways for me to connect with my fans. I respect the company and the truly ingenious minds that have created a legacy based on innovation and pushing the right boundaries."

Swift goes on to describe Apple as an "incredible company" that is making "beautiful progress" in the field of paid music streaming. She professes "love, reverence, and admiration for everything else Apple has done", and holds out hope that Apple could provide "the platform that gets it right."

When offering criticism to business partners (or even colleagues), it's important to remember: Whatever tone and demeanor you use to initiate the conversation, the other party will most often respond in like manner. Showing respect prevents defensive behavior and makes listeners more receptive.

So what does the future hold for the paid music streaming industry? Can Apple succeed against current champ Spotify or fellow newcomer Tidal?

Time will tell. But one thing's for sure:

Apple and Swift have got people talking. And that's good for business. 
2015-10-25
Is Tim Cook Right About the Level of Innovation in Apple Inc.'s iPhone 6s? At the WSJDLive 2015 conference, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook argued that there's as much innovation in this year's iPhone 6s as there was in last year's iPhone 6, dismissing the notion that the iPhone is on a two-year innovation cycle. Is Cook right? Let's take a closer look.

The big changes we saw in going from the 5s to the 6

In moving from the iPhone 5s to the 6 and 6 Plus, Apple brought the following improvements and changes to the table over the 5s:

Larger, higher-quality displays.

Slightly faster, more efficient processor.

Faster Wi-Fi and cellular connectivity.

Introduction of NFC for Apple Pay.

Improved rear camera (optical image stabilization for still photos added in the 6 Plus).

New industrial design.

All told, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus represented solid generational leaps in features and performance over the already excellent iPhone 5s.

What about in going from the iPhone 6 to the 6s?

In going from the 6 and 6 Plus to the 6s and 6s Plus, Apple delivered the following enhancements:

Significantly faster, more efficient processor.

Faster Wi-Fi and cellular connectivity (the leap in going from 6 and 6 Plus to 6s and 6s Plus was actually larger than the jump from the 5s to the 6 and 6 Plus).

Introduction of 3D Touch.

Significantly improved Touch ID.

Improved rear camera (higher megapixel sensor and addition of optical image stabilization for videos in the 6s Plus).

Improved front-facing camera.

New casing material (7000 Series aluminum).

Massively improved storage subsystem.

Doubling of memory to 2GB.

Aside from the fact that Apple kept the phone design roughly the same and used the same display panels as it used in the 6 and 6 Plus, it appears to me that Cook is selling the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus short; it appears to be a bigger leap over the 6 and 6 Plus than the 6 and 6 Plus were over the 5s.

It wouldn't take much to "eliminate" the "s" cycle

The only things missing from the 6s and 6s Plus to keep them from being worthy of the name "iPhone 7" are new industrial designs (although arguably the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, while visually similar to the 6 and 6 Plus, are new designs made of newer materials) and new displays.

I suspect that, to maintain its leadership in display quality against increasingly fierce rivals, Apple will start introducing new displays at an annual clip rather than once every two years. Indeed, according to one report from DigiTimes, Apple is likely to continue to use LCDs manufactured by Japan Display for the 2016 iPhone (i.e., iPhone 7) but is said to be considering a transition to AMOLED displays for the 2017 iPhone (i.e., iPhone 7s).

Given that Apple may start introducing new display technology at an annual clip, it probably wouldn't be far-fetched to see the company make design improvements and enhancements at a faster rate as well, ultimately obviating the need for an "s" cycle.

Expect acceleration in improvements from here on out

The iPhone business is Apple's crown jewel, and more than anything, the company needs to make sure that each and every year it puts out iPhones that make obsolete the models it released in prior years. At the same time, I'm sure Apple would like to continue to gain market segment share against Android flagship devices.

To do so, Apple will need to increase the pace at which it develops and deploys interesting new technologies. It's no coincidence, after all, that Apple has massively boosted the amount it's spending on research and development over the past several years:

There's a reason Cook is confident that there are "tons of innovation left in the phone" -- his company is clearly investing heavily to make sure he's right. Apple Most Profitable Company on Earth The most profitable company in the world, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), reported in January third fiscal quarter 2015 earnings of roughly $18 billion, the highest single quarter of profits in corporate history. Record profits from services and increasingly strong sales of the iPhone and Mac continued to drive up revenue, according to the company. When Apple reports fiscal fourth-quarter and full-year results after markets close on Tuesday, analysts are expecting earnings per share of $1.88 on revenues of $51.11 billion for the quarter and full-year earnings per share of $9.13 on revenues of $233.28 billion.

Apple is among the most rapidly growing large multinational companies in the world due to a string of product successes that began over a decade ago and include the iPod, iPhone and iPad. Apple has married these with huge content operations such as iTunes and the App Store. Apple is the largest company in the world based on its market cap of about $672 billion. Last year, Apple reported revenue of $182.7 billion and earnings of nearly $40 billion. Last quarter alone, Apple sold 47.5 million iPhones, 10.9 million iPads, and 4.8 million Macs.

Company management has made it clear that for Apple to grow it has to have impressive sales in China, the largest wireless market in the world. The company included China in the launch last month of its iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, and that boosted first weekend sales to a total of 13 million for the new phones.

ALSO READ: 10 Most Profitable Companies in the World

A report at Digitimes noted that the company opened another brick-and-mortar store in China this weekend, and noted that Apple s online sales are weakening:

Since China consumers  use of Apple s online shopping website is weaker than expected plus China s e-commerce platforms mostly have no interest in promoting Apple s products due to its weak profitability, Apple has been aggressively opening stores in China in order to maintain its sales in the country.

Apple s stock got a nice lift from earnings result announced last week from Google, Amazon and Microsoft. Shares closed up 3.1% on Friday at $119.08 in a 52-week range of $92.00 to $134.54.

See our full list of the world s most profitable companies. To identify the most profitable companies in the world, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed the highest earnings from continued operations   a measure of net income   for public companies around the world with revenue of at least $20 billion. All company financial data was obtained using the Capital IQ Screening tool, accessed by researcher Brian Zajac on October 13, 2015, and are as of the most recent fiscal year for each company.

Financial statements of banks cannot be compared fairly to statements of other types of companies, so banks, which would have made up seven of the 10 most profitable companies in the world, were excluded from our analysis.

ALSO READ: The Most Popular Brand in Each State 
2015-08-19
How Many Shares Can Apple, Inc. Repurchase? Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) $200 billion cash hoard, combined with its now $69 billion in annual free cash flow, often doesn't get the credit it deserves -- especially now that the company has proven to investors it is willing to aggressively return a good chunk of this cash to shareholders through dividends and repurchases, with a heavy emphasis on the latter. Consistently using its cash as a tool to build significant shareholder value, Apple's ongoing share repurchases could be the stock's most critical catalyst.

Since Apple began repurchasing shares in late 2012, the company's total share count has been reduced by about 13.3%. But, going forward, by how much can Apple realistically continue to reduce its share count?

Cash available for repurchases

While Apple's cash has continued to grow, even as the company pays out dividends and repurchases shares, it's important to note that much of it is held overseas. Likely unwilling to bring meaningful sums of this money back to the U.S. in order to avoid repatriation costs, the company can't use all this cash for dividends and repurchases. Currently, 89% of Apple's cash, or $181 billion, is held overseas.

But Apple's significant reliance on overseas cash doesn't stop it from tapping into its value. Wielding its hefty balance sheet as collateral, Apple can easily raise capital through low-interest debt and then use this debt to fund further dividend payouts and repurchases -- and this is exactly what the company has been doing.

By tapping into debt markets, Apple is able to spend $45 billion a year on repurchases. And with Apple's annual free cash flow on the rise, this figure could rise in the future.

What will Apple's share count be in five years?

With no reason on the horizon for Apple's annual free cash flow to take a hit in the coming years, it's quite possible that Apple could reduce its share count by $45 billion every year for the next five years. But what, exactly, would this do to Apple's share count?

Assuming the average purchase price for Apple shares over the next five years is about $150, up 28% from where shares are trading today, total share count could be reduced from about 5.7 billion today to 4.2 billion in five years, or by 26%. In other words, Apple's earnings per share could realistically grow about 5% annually over the next five years from repurchases alone -- not bad for a market leader trading at just 13.5 times earnings.

While it's always possible forecasting Apple to repurchase $45 billion worth of its own shares annually over the next five years will turn out to be too aggressive, there's just as much of a chance that it could pan out to be too conservative. Combining Apple's current free cash flow levels of $69 billion annually with its $200 billion plus cash hoard, the company has the balance sheet to support even higher levels of repurchases over the next five years than $45 billion.

To be fair, the average share price for repurchases of Apple stock over the next five years could end up being much higher than $150. But whatever the actual average purchase price turns out to be, it's likely the impact of repurchases on Apple's EPS growth annually could be in the range of 2% to 7%, annually, over the next five years. And there are very few publicly traded companies in history about whom a statement like this could be made. 
2015-01-24
How Apple Inc. and Hewlett-Packard Defied Sluggish PC Sales in 2014 It's no mystery PC sales have struggled in recent years, and 2015 should be no different. According to tech research specialist IDC, worldwide PC shipments will fall around 3% this year, extending a three year streak of declines and accelerating from a 2.1% drop in 2014.

But not all companies in the PC space are suffering right now. In fact, IDC says each of world's top five PC vendors actually saw year-over-year growth in shipments during the fourth quarter, driven by a combination of compelling products from low-cost ultrabooks to all-in-ones, convertibles, and touch systems. By contrast, vendors outside the top five saw PC shipments decline a whopping 20.7% over the same period.

The best of the best

Perhaps most compelling, however, is that only two of the top five vendors achieved double-digit percentage increases, including Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) at 18.9% and Hewlett-Packard (NYSE:HPQ) at 15.1%.

So what caused Apple and HP to stand out from the rest?

First, it helps that Apple had a relatively small base from which to grow, increasing its fourth quarter unit shipments to just 5.75 million for a 7.1% worldwide share of the PC market. During the same year-ago period, Apple's Q4 2013 PC shipments and market share arrived at just 4.84 million and 5.8%, respectively.

To explain Apple's ability to consistently outpace the broader PC market, IDC points to recent price cuts, healthy demand in mature markets, and Apple's overall "steady growth" -- the last of which is a likely reference to Apple enticing millions of new consumers who were first introduced to its ecosystem through its popular mobile devices.

But taking a look at Apple's recent history also shows its success isn't new. To the contrary, during Apple's most recent quarterly conference call this past October, it set new company records for Macs, with revenue up 18% and unit sales up 21%. What's more, Apple CFO Luca Maestri elaborated their growth was not just from mature markets, but rather geographically broad-based:

We achieved double-digit Mac growth across most markets around the world, with particularly impressive performance in emerging markets where Mac sales were up 46%. These results are truly remarkable given the contraction in the global PC market, and we now have gained market share for 33 of the last 34 quarters.

In the end, given Apple's small base, past outperformance, and incredible market penetration with its gateway mobile devices, Apple investors shouldn't be particularly surprised with its double-digit PC gains.

At the same time, this also makes Hewlett-Packard's results look that much more impressive. After all, even in the face of broader market declines, the PC titan increased its fourth-quarter shipments 15.1% from 13.8 million to nearly 15.9 million, while simultaneously boosting its worldwide market share from 16.7% to 19.7%. In particular, IDC says the primary key to HP's growth was U.S. consumers' strong reception to its innovative personal systems product line.

Again, however, HP's strength isn't exactly new. Following HP's fiscal third quarter results back in August, for example, I pointed out its Personal Systems segment had effectively taken the lead in the company's long-awaited turnaround. Then in October, HP announced its historic separation into two companies: The first will be called HP and focus specifically on the personal computer and printer segments, while the second second will be dubbed Hewlett-Packard Enterprise with the aim of handling servers, storage, networking, software, and services.

Sure enough, when HP management subsequently told us that split was officially under way during the third quarter of calendar 2014, they promised a comprehensive plan was in place to ensure a seamless transition with minimal disruptions to the businesses. It would appear, then, the ongoing split is coming along nicely.

Of course, we'll know more on exactly how the respective PC offerings from Hewlett-Packard and Apple fared when both companies report earnings over the next several weeks. But if IDC's early research is any indication, it seems both companies are effectively leveraging their own strengths to continue gaining share in this difficult -- but lucrative -- market. 5 Can't Miss Carl Icahn Quotes For Apple, Inc. Stock Investors Although I can't say for certain, I'd be willing to wager there are few things that famously bombastic activist investor Carl Icahn enjoys more than his own opinion.

In his defense, that same opinion has netted spectacular returns for his investors and made Icahn one of the richest people on planet Earth. Few, if any, investors are more effective in cajoling corporate change than Icahn is.

Over the past several years, Icahn has increasingly fixed his sights on many of the world's most prominent technology companies, including the now-private Dell, eBay, and again most recently, tech giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). And because few are more outspoken or quote-worthy than he, let's look at a few Icahn quotes that should say something about his plans for his largest investment in the year ahead.

1. On Apple's next capital return program

"Well, you know, I said it, not completely jokingly, that I would see nothing wrong with them doing a $100 billion tender offer. We think this company is so cheap. I spoke to Tim Cook. You know, I sent him the letter. I spoke to him the other night. And, you know, he believes the company is very undervalued, just as I do.

"You know, I mentioned the buyback to him, and obviously he couldn't say anything, noncommittal. But as an old poker player, you know, just reading the tea leaves, I think they will do a major buyback. That's my guess, though. But as a poker player, I'd throw a lot of chips on that bet."

2. On what sets Apple apart from the competition

"This company, I think, again looking at it simplistically, is really on a new paradigm. It is now, you know, you keep saying, do they have to keep introducing and introducing? And I really don't think that is factual to the extent that you have to keep doing that.

"In other words, people own this. It's not like, you know, one day you own a Buick and then the next you go buy a Cadillac. What it is, is it's sort of an annuity where you own an ecosystem. You know, you own the iPad, but you also own the Watch. You also own the iPhone 6. And you have all your collection of photographs on it. You have all your music on it. And you don't go away from that when you're used to it and when you're really involved in it.

"But you do go away, and you do get market share too from say the Samsung that really isn't quite on the same level. And Samsung is a good company and all, but they're making the hardware and Google's making the software. And it's a big difference when you have one company doing the whole thing.

"We analogize them to a horse. And remember, I'm not a big racing fan, but I love to look at the winners. And when I was younger, I went out to the OTB to bet on Secretariat. And in the Belmont, it ran away with it by 31 lengths. And I think that's what Apple is doing here."

3. On Apple CEO Tim Cook:

"I think he's a great CEO, one of the best I've ever met, and I've met a lot of them. ...I had dinner with him. I met him once or twice. I watched him. And he is what Silicon Valley should have."

4. On what Wall Street gets wrong with Apple

Referring to Apple's war chest Icahn stated "I mean, a lot of analysts say, 'Well, the $150 billion doesn't count.' And that is, sort of, from my way of thinking, is sort of insane. I mean, if you have $170 billion, doesn't it count?

"So if you have money, I guess they say, 'Well, you're not investing it at the moment. It doesn't have anything.' I mean, a lot of analysts look at it that way. So if you look at this company, and you subtract the cash from it, you are going at nine times earnings. And you are in a company that is in the greatest growth industry in the world with certainly part of an oligopoly, if not a monopoly, in their product. So you are going to be talking about a long time."

5. On whether Apple is a buy today:

"I think it is, because ... hey, look, that doesn't mean it isn't going to go up and down. But I do think it is a no-brainer, because I think it is almost better than it was when we talked about it in certain ways. I think, you know, the way the iPhone 6 worked. The [Apple] Watch is coming out, [which] we hope will be good. But you have to remember that what is amazing about Apple is you are really buying it, we think, at nine times earnings."

A lot to like about Apple

Clearly, Icahn remains quite bullish on Apple, and I have to agree with him. I recently ranked Apple among my top five best tech stocks to own in 2015 for many of the same reasons Icahn finds Apple so compelling. Between upcoming growth and relatively compelling value, Apple appears poised to continue to perform. 
2015-04-02
This Apple Inc. Business Could Double by 2018 Last year was big for Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) App Store. Billings rose 50% from the year before and apps generated over $10 billion in revenue for developers. This is a no-joke figure. As Apple analyst Horace Dediu from Asymco noted, "Put another way, in 2014 iOS app developers earned more than Hollywood did from box office in the U.S." And this growth in app revenue isn't over yet. By 2018, Google Play marketplace and Apple App Store revenue will double, and in-app advertising revenue from the two app marketplaces will more than triple, according to new forecasts from App Annie and IDC (via Re/code).

App sales soar

This data supports the ongoing upbeat storyline for Apple's App Store. A whopping 40% of cumulative App Store revenue paid to developers was paid in 2014 alone, Apple said in a press release earlier this year. In the same release, the company said it started 2015 with a bang: During the first week of January, customers spent nearly $500 million on apps and in-app purchases.

App sales are rapidly growing in importance to Apple's top line. While the company doesn't state the profit margins or earnings of the fast-growing segment, it's also likely that the App Store business is beginning to contribute meaningfully to Apple's bottom line.

Since Apple takes a 30% cut of App Store revenue, total App Store billings for 2014 must have been about $14.3 billion. But it's only the 30% cut of billings that Apple reports as revenue; so total App Store revenue from App sales in 2014 contributing to Apple's top line was likely about $4.3 billion, or about 2.2% of Apple's total revenue last year.

If App Annie and IDC's prediction for App Store sales by 2018 pans out, total annual app developer revenue would hit $20 billion, and total billings including Apple's 30% cut would reach nearly $29 billion. App Store revenue would contribute about $8.6 billion to Apple's top line, amounting to 4.4% of sales.

Re/code's Ina Fried explained that this prediction was conservative.

"I would consider this projection conservative," App Annie CEO Bertrand Schmitt said in an interview, noting that the company has consistently been revising its forecasts up over the past two years as revenue has exceeded expectations.

Apple's App Store revenue is somewhat disguised since it falls under Apple's services revenue, which features revenue from the iTunes Store, the App Store, the Mac App Store, the iBooks Store, AppleCare, Apple Pay, and licensing and other services. Thus, analysts must piece together snippets of information on total dollars paid to developers to date from different Apple press releases. Dediu, who has followed Apple's App Store business closely, illustrated recent growth in App Store billings in a chart earlier this year.

Apple cited its new programming language Swift, frameworks for HealthKit and HomeKit, and its Metal graphics technology as catalysts for app innovation in 2014.

Will the App Store get a boost from wearables?

When Apple Watch is finally available for purchase on April 24, Apple will bring its App Store to a new frontier: wearables. While Android has already tapped into this market with its Android Wear, the nascent category's impact on the App market is still mostly unknown given the minuscule sales of wearable devices to date. But if Apple Watch proves popular, the market for wearables could soon be meaningful enough to begin to assess its potential.

Apple is building an App Store specifically for the Apple Watch.

Notably, if App Annie and IDC are correct in their bullish view for Apple's App Store potential, developer revenue from Apps plus the 30% of billings Apple takes for itself could potentially exceed, or at least rival, the company's Mac and iPad businesses in 2018. 
2015-06-02
$200000 Apple left for trash: Search for the mystery owner goes on When the California recycling company found a vintage Apple I computer in its warehouse, it could have sold the collectable device and quietly pocketed the profit.

Instead, it kicked off what's become a viral search for the widow who unknowingly tried to recycle the computer.

It started last week, after a woman dropped off a box of old electronics at recycling company CleanBayArea in Northern California. Her husband had passed away, and she had cleaned out the garage.

Employees at CleanBayArea realized they had a rare Apple computer on their hands and quickly sold it to a private collector for $200,000 cash. Now the company is trying to give half the money to the woman.

Only, they don't know who she is or where to find her.

"I talked to my marketing manager and said, 'Look, we need to find this lady,'" said Victor Gichun, CleanBayArea's VP of marketing.

Without so much as a name and email address, they decided to try the next best way to track someone down: call the media. They contacted the local NBC Bay Area news station. The story then spread online, in newspapers and on national TV.

Woman who dumped rare Apple computer set for $100,000 payday

Sharing profits with customers is part of CleanBayArea's "simple" business model. The 10-person operation works mostly with companies that want to unload outdated electronics, computers and lab equipment. Its employees sort through the old goods and, if they have no value, send them to a recycling partner.

If the electronics are still usable, CleanBayArea sells them off through auctions or to small companies that can't afford new equipment. Then it returns 50% of any profits to whoever donated the items.

Even though the mystery woman had no agreement with CleanBayArea or expectations of payment, the company decided she deserved the same deal anyway.

"You need to be honest because nobody will work with you if you try to cheat somebody," said Gichun.

Unfortunately, there was no paper trail for the deal. The woman who donated the computer drove to the Milpitas location to drop off the equipment, and she didn't have much time to talk.

Gichun vaguely described her as in her 60s or 70s, not too tall or not too short, and driving an SUV. "Just [a] regular American lady, nothing special."

He believes she was a local, likely from Milpitas or nearby San Jose, Santa Clara or Fremont.

Until now, the most valuable piece of equipment Gichun has received for recycling was a camera lens worth $1,000.

When a recycling manager recognized the computer, Gichun called his business partner Albert who looked it up online. According to their research, an Apple I is worth about $200,000. Gichun now thinks they could have gotten more.

While they haven't located the woman, Gichun says they've received many tips. They have no plans to donate the money if they don't find the rightful owner. Instead they will stick it in a bank account and wait. Perhaps she'll need to recycle something else in the future. Apple Inc.'s CarPlay vs. Google Inc.'s Android Auto: The Business of Connected ... Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) have battled each other in the mobile market for years. However, that battle is now moving beyond smartphones and tablets into a new market: connected cars. Between 2014 and 2020, IHS Automotive estimates that the total number of connected vehicles worldwide will rise from 23 million to 152 million.

Apple CarPlay and Android Auto both "mirror" mobile devices with an optimized view on a car's dashboard. CarPlay lets drivers use iOS features like voice calls, music control, iMessage, Apple Maps, and Siri. Android Auto offers similar features with apps like Google Maps, Google Play Music, and Google Search. Both platforms support third-party apps like Spotify, iHeartRadio, and TuneIn. However, mobile apps which aren't approved for in-car use are locked out from the dashboard.

Apple released CarPlay last March, while Google launched Android Auto a year later. Thanks to that head start, Apple currently enjoys a minor lead over Google among auto manufacturers, according to IHS. IHS estimates that Android Auto will overtake CarPlay next year and maintain a slight lead into 2020, but many cars will be compatible with both platforms.

Connected cars 101

There's a lot of confusion about what CarPlay and Android Auto actually do. Neither platform is actually an "operating system" for cars.

Cars already have embedded operating systems of their own. BlackBerry's (NASDAQ:BBRY) QNX controls 50% to 70% of this market, while most other cars run Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows Embedded. Automakers then develop their own dashboard software to access QNX or Windows Embedded's functions. CarPlay and Android Auto simply mirror smartphone functions on top of that dashboard software.

But to complicate things further, there are overlapping communication standards for mirroring mobile displays on QNX or Windows-powered dashboards.

Google established the Open Automotive Alliance (OAA) for Android devices. while Apple made CarPlay exclusive to iOS devices. Microsoft -- which controls less than 3% of the global smartphone market -- backs MirrorLink, a universal mirroring standard for Android, iOS, Windows Phone, and other mobile devices. MirrorLink supporters belong to the Car Connectivity Consortium (CCC). Since it would be foolish to simply support just one communication standard and alienate certain smartphone users, many automakers support all three.

Growing ecosystems, not revenues

Investors should understand that CarPlay and Android Auto aren't intended to be big sources of revenue growth on their own. Instead, both platforms can strengthen Apple and Google's businesses in different ways.

Apple has been wary of the growth of Google's ecosystem on iOS. Google Now, Google Maps, and Drive now respectively challenge Siri, Apple Maps, and iCloud across its devices. To make matters worse, iOS users tethered to Google's ecosystem generate search and ad revenues for Google, and they might eventually switch over to Android devices.

That's why Apple replaced Google Maps with Apple Maps, dropped Google for Bing in default Spotlight and Siri searches, and could do the same with Safari later this year. However, over half of U.S. iPhone users still use Google Maps, according to Comscore estimates. To reduce user dependence on Google Maps, Apple beefed up Apple Maps by buying smaller mapping firms like Placebase, Locationary, Hopstop, and Coherent Navigation. It's also scanning streets to collect data for 3D maps. But most importantly, Apple locks Google Maps and Search out of CarPlay, which forces drivers with iPhones to rely on Apple Maps and Siri instead.

For Google, Android Auto is a way to gather more data on users' travel habits by replacing traditional in-dash GPS software. The more data Google collects, the more effective its targeted ads will be. Like Apple, Google has been enhancing its Maps through acquisitions of mapping and satellite firms like Waze and Skybox.

Stepping stones toward the future

In addition to being extensions of their mobile ecosystems, CarPlay and Android Auto can also be considered stepping stones toward autonomous vehicles.

By fusing mobile devices to cars, Apple and Google are setting up the foundations for autonomous vehicles to eventually operate upon. Google already demonstrated this with its prototype driverless cars last year, which can be summoned and directed with a smartphone app. Since many leading automakers believe that driverless cars will hit the road by 2020, CarPlay and Android Auto could be the first steps toward a future where your smartphone does the driving for you. Apple Inc.'s 15-Inch Retina MacBook Pro: The Broadwell Mystery Solved? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently refreshed its 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro lineup of systems and elected not to wait for Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) latest 14-nanometer Broadwell chips. Instead, Apple wound up using the same Haswell parts it had deployed in the 2014 editions of the systems.

Interestingly enough, Intel just formally announced the 14-nanometer Broadwell chips that would have been suitable for the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro refresh, and I think I have a reasonable hypothesis as to why Apple may have chosen to skip Broadwell for those systems.

Not a particularly huge boost

The 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro can be configured with one of two parts: a Core i7-4870HQ or a Core i7-4980HQ. The 4870HQ runs the CPU at 2.5GHz base frequency and can turbo up to 3.7GHz; the GPU runs at 200MHz base and can turbo to 1.2GHz.

The higher-end 4980HQ runs the CPU at 2.8GHz base and can turbo to 4.0GHz. The graphics also run at 200MHz base but can turbo to 1.3GHz in graphically intensive workloads.

Now, if you look at the crop of Broadwell-H chips that Intel just announced, you'll note that the direct successor to the 4980HQ is the i7-5950HQ. The CPU runs at 2.9GHz base, and can turbo to 3.7GHz, and the GPU runs at 300MHz base and can turbo to 1.150GHz. The GPU in this case is based on an updated graphics architecture with more execution units (48 versus 40 in the Haswell parts).

All told, if we assume that Intel's claim that Broadwell delivers about 5.5% improved CPU performance per clock over Haswell, then the 5950HQ delivers better CPU performance at base speeds, but it might actually be slightly slower at max turbo.

Now, thanks to the 14-nanometer process, I suspect the Broadwell-H can sustain higher CPU performance for longer than the comparable Haswell parts. Additionally, Intel says that graphics performance moves up by 20% relative to the Haswell Iris Pro -- respectable, but not game-changing.

Lots of risk, little reward

According to the Intel press release for the Broadwell Iris Pro chips, systems based on these chips should be available within the next 30 to 60 days, or between early July and early August. That's about the correct timeframe for the back-to-school selling season, as Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said in an interview with Reuters that systems need to be on shelves in July/August to capture back-to-school demand.

So, Apple could either refresh the systems in May or attract customers sooner by refreshing the systems in other ways besides the processor. Given that the Haswell chip inside of the 2014 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro is already quite fast, and given that the improvements with Broadwell-H aren't game-changing, Apple's course of action makes sense.

The Skylake factor

One more thing to keep in mind is that while Broadwell with Iris Pro doesn't seem to be a huge upgrade from Haswell with Iris Pro, Skylake with Iris Pro should bring substantial improvements. According to a slide that leaked to the Web, Skylake-H with Iris Pro will offer "up to" 50% graphics improvement over Broadwell-H with Iris Pro.

Given that Broadwell-H with Iris Pro offers around 20% greater graphics performance than Haswell with Iris Pro, Skylake with Iris Pro should deliver up to an 80% increase from today's Haswell chips with Iris Pro.

Additionally, while Broadwell was a slight tweak of Haswell CPU, Skylake is a full-blown "tock" on the CPU front, which should help make Skylake an even more compelling offering.

If the recent leak from BenchLife is correct that Intel will launch Skylake with Iris Pro sometime between September and November, then it may make more sense for Apple to wait for Skylake (and do a full system redesign) than to refresh with Broadwell -- and then bring out a brand-new system design with Skylake shortly thereafter. Why The iPhone 6S Won't Have Wireless Charging - Even Though Apple Watch ... Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has filed numerous patents for wireless charging, leading many to believe that the company will one day release an iDevice that supports the format.

That may happen eventually, but investors shouldn't expect the iPhone 6S to support WPC, the Wireless Power Consortium.

WPC is attempting to create a wireless charging standard (known as Qi) that will unify the industry much in the way that USB, HDMI, Wi-Fi and other standardized formats have in the past. The not-for-profit organization has already lured a number industry players, including Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), SAMSUNG ELECT LTD(F) (OTC: SSNLF) and Sony Corp (ADR) (NYSE: SNE).

McDonald's Corporation (NYSE: MCD) started testing the Qi format by adding 600 wireless charging hotspots to more than 50 locations in London. Elsewhere, Toyota Motor Corp (ADR) (NYSE: TM), Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV (NYSE: FCAU) and other automakers are adding Qi to new cars. Marriott International Inc (NASDAQ: MAR) is also on board, and IKEA is going to sell tables, desks and other items with Qi wireless charging built in.

Regardless, Apple is not expected to become an official supporter of WPC or any other third-party wireless charging format.

Related Link: Apple Has 'Limited Downside,' UBS Says

"Apple controls their ecosystem carefully," John Perzow, VP of market development for the Wireless Power Consortium, told Benzinga. "They do that because the stuff works well together, but really it's because they make a huge profit from accessories."

Perzow said that Apple is not interested in joining a standard that would allow lots of manufacturers to develop accessories for its products.

"That's not how they do business," he said.

The One Exception

It may not be widely known, but Apple used the Qi wireless charging standard for its first smartwatch.

The Apple Watch is not promoted as a device that can charge wirelessly. But when users attach the MagSafe charger, they may notice that it isn't actually plugging into the device. The charger's smooth, flat surface is simply connecting to the watch so it can charge wirelessly.

This was confirmed when users started charging the Moto 360 with an Apple Watch charger.

Perzow said that Apple doesn't promote this element because it does not officially support WPC. Apple merely purchased a Qi chip from Integrated Device Technology Inc (NASDAQ: IDTI) and used it for the Apple Watch.

Regardless, the Apple Watch is technically a device that can charge wirelessly. Tech expert Sean Udall thinks it might even be possible to charge the device without Apple's official charging cable.

"I think there's a thing you can set on something so the charging stand is plugged in and you just set the watch on top of it and it charges," Udall, CIO of Quantum Trading Strategies and author of The TechStrat Report, told Benzinga. "I'm not sure you actually have to plug the watch in."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Apple Watch John Perzow Qi Sean Udall Wireless Power Consortium WPCExclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Carl Icahn Says Market Is Falling; Will Apple Stock Avoid The Crash? Activist investor Carl Icahn made headlines on Monday by expressing his concern over the stability of the stock market during an interview on FOX Business Network.

On the surface, Icahn s prediction of a stock market downturn just weeks after his declaration of a $240 price target for shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) may seem contradictory. Here s a look at exactly what Icahn said and what a market downturn could mean for Apple shareholders.

Cause For Concern

In his interview on Monday, Icahn said that stock investors have  a lot to be concerned about  when it comes to current share prices. Icahn believes that the extended environment of low interest rates has been keeping the market afloat, but that the house of cards could come crashing down when the Federal Reserve begins raising rates.

 By keeping interest rates this low, you are creating bubbles that you don t even know about,  Icahn explained, adding,  It s not will it happen, it s when it will happen. 

Related Link: Apple Has 'Limited Downside,' UBS Says

Contradiction?

Icahn s ominous interview on Monday might leave Apple shareholders puzzled, as it comes only weeks after Icahn sent an open letter to Tim Cook declaring that Apple shares should be priced at $240, nearly twice their current value.

What Shareholders Can Expect

If this market downturn is anything like the last three recessions, Apple shareholders will likely not see $240 per share any time soon.

During the Financial Crisis, the S&P 500 fell 48.4 percent from October 1, 2007 to March 31, 2009. Apple shares dropped by 32.8 percent during that time. While Apple outperformed the market, the company s shares still lost nearly a third of value.

During the recession of 2002, the S&P 500 fell by 29.4 percent, but Apple shares tanked by 37.8 percent, lagging the overall market.

Finally, during the Dot-Com Bubble, the S&P dropped by 30.9 percent from April 2000 to October 2001. However, Apple shares fell by a whopping 76.7 percent during that time.

Takeaway

While Apple is certainly a completely different company today than it was in 2000, the rising tide of the stock market has lifted a lot of ships during this six-year bull market. Unfortunately for shareholders of solid companies, a bear market tends to weigh on the stocks of even the best companies.

If Carl Icahn is correct that the stock market will soon be in trouble, Apple shareholders will likely suffer right along with the rest of the market.

Posted-In: Carl IcahnTop Stories Markets Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-05-18
Apple Inc.'s Sustainable Competitive Advantages Shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) soared 255% over the past five years, more than doubling the Nasdaq's return. Most investors attribute that growth to the popularity of the iPhone and iPad.

However, investors shouldn't overlook Apple's sustainable competitive advantages -- the long-term strengths that give it a lasting edge over its rivals. Let's discuss two of those key strengths -- a protected ecosystem and brand appeal -- which should keep Apple ahead of its rivals for the foreseeable future.

A protected ecosystem

Only Apple devices run iOS. By comparison, multiple manufacturers produce devices that use Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android.

This means that if customers want to remain within Apple's ecosystem and keep their digital purchases, they must continue buying iOS devices. Last year, a survey by Simonlycontracts.co.uk found that 78% of iPhone owners "couldn't imagine" owning a different phone, while 59% confessed a "blind loyalty" to Apple. Therefore, as iPhone sales keep rising, more new users will be "locked" inside Apple's walled garden.

Android users, however, can easily switch between Samsung, HTC, and Sony smartphones since their Google accounts follow them across Android devices.

Meanwhile, the average price of Android devices fell due to two reasons. First, any company can develop and sell Android smartphones, since the OS is free and open-source. Second, chipmakers such as Qualcomm and Intel are helping those companies launch smartphones quickly with "turnkey" reference designs. As a result, premium Android device makers including Samsung, HTC, and Sony have lost market share to low-priced rivals.

The commoditization of the Android market resulted in hardware fragmentation. This makes it more challenging to develop Android apps, which must be tested on a wider variety of hardware than their iOS counterparts. It also makes it tough for Google to keep all its users on the same page with new features, considering that less than 10% of all Android devices run the latest version, Lollipop. By comparison, 82% of iOS devices have already been updated to iOS 8.

Attempts to duplicate Apple's walled ecosystem strategy have all fallen short of expectations. Samsung tried to establish a closed ecosystem with Tizen, but the OS has only been installed on wearable devices, smarthome appliances, and a single smartphone.

Brand appeal

Meanwhile, Apple is also one of the few electronics brands to be considered a luxury brand.

The Hurun Research Institute reported that Apple was the top luxury brand for gifting among China's richest men and women in 2014, beating brands including Louis Vuitton, Prada, Cartier, and Chanel. Samsung, the only other electronics manufacturer in the top 10, ranked 10th among men and ninth among women.

Just as Louis Vuitton can charge hefty premiums on leather handbags, Apple can sell fairly average hardware at premium prices. A comparison between the iPhone 6, Samsung's Galaxy S6, and HTC's One M9 reveals just how average Apple's flagship device is.

Display CPU RAM Cameras Battery iPhone 6 4.7" IPS LCD, 326 ppi Dual-core 1.5Ghz 1GB 8MP/1.2MP 1810 mAh Galaxy S6 5.1" Super AMOLED, 577 ppi Quad-core 1.5Ghz + Quad-core 2.1Ghz 3GB 16MP/5MP 2550 mAh One M9 5" Super LCD3, 441 ppi Quad-core 1.5Ghz + Quad-core 2Ghz 3GB 20.7MP/4MP 2840 mAh

Despite its lower-end specs, the 16GB version of the iPhone 6 costs $649, the same price as a 32GB One M9 or a 32GB Galaxy S6. Therefore, Apple can sell its phones at beefier margins and higher sales volumes than its Android-powered rivals. Based on IHS teardown costs, the base model of the S6 costs $275.50 to produce, compared to a bill of materials of $228 for the iPhone 6.

Unless Apple's rivals can match its brand appeal in the high-end market, they can't match that strategy of selling devices with cheaper components inside. However, Apple has such a head start in the luxury market that Samsung, Sony, HTC, and others are unlikely to close the gap anytime soon.

The key takeaways

Despite those strengths, investors should recognize Apple's biggest weakness -- its heavy dependence on the iPhone, which accounted for nearly 70% of the company's top line last quarter. If competition or market saturation ever cause iPhone sales to slip before Apple can properly diversify its top line, the stock will take a big hit. But I believe Apple's well-protected ecosystem and lack of meaningful competition in the premium market should keep iPhone sales humming along nicely for at least a few more years. Apple Inc. Wants Your DNA, but Why? You can do a lot of interesting things with $194 billion dollars and a globally dominant platform, even if those things aren't exactly aligned with your historical operations.

For instance, you can thrust a team of industry experts into stealth mode and build an electric car (allegedly). You can launch an e-commerce platform into an already crowded market. You can even build geeky, sci-fi watches and test out luxury lineups just for fun (even if most people don't quite understand the value of luxury brands). And, apparently, you can also throw your weight around the growing opportunities in DNA sequencing.

We're talking about Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), of course, which is setting its eyes on the exploding DNA sequencing market, according to an exclusive article from MIT Technology Review. It may seem odd at first, but the move was inevitable in hindsight. That's because tech platforms with massive user bases likely represent the missing link for the DNA sequencing market, which has made tremendous progress in data analysis in recent years, but often struggles to collect massive data sets in short time periods, if at all.

It's a perfect pairing, but what does it mean for Apple?

The newest Apple offering: ResearchKit

Apple took its first step into the DNA sequencing market by opening up its vast user base to public and private researchers through a new software platform, called ResearchKit, that allows scientists to conduct medical surveys and studies through iPhones. Considering that one-in-five smartphones in the world is an iPhone, this is no small first step.

Early apps developed using ResearchKit include mPower, which tracks symptoms of Parkinson's disease and recruited thousands of subjects in several days. The app collects data from both direct surveys and by utilizing sensors within the phone to track dexterity, balance, and walking ability. That data will be analyzed by researchers at Sage Bionetworks, a nonprofit research organization, that is advised by academic researchers at MIT, UCSF, and others. The goal is to discover why symptoms among individuals with Parkinson's disease can vary, what causes them to vary, and eventually develop ways to better manage the disease.

Medical research conducted by other apps using ResearchKit will use genetic data, survey data, sensor data, or all of the above to accomplish similar goals. Apple won't be involved in collecting or testing DNA (yet); those responsibilities will fall onto researchers and health services. But the long-term opportunity extends far beyond supplementary revenue generated from the App Store.

Consider that for studies requiring genetic data, iPhone users will need to get their DNA sequenced, likely coordinated through local diagnostics companies such as Quest Diagnostics. The final sequence data would be sent to two destinations: the researchers conducting the study and the user's iPhone (probably attached to their Apple ID). Then, things could get a little crazy.

What happens when your DNA is on your smartphone?

Your genetic data will always be just that: yours. But it's conceivable that an iPhone in the not-too-distant future will have a "share genetics" setting, not unlike the "share location" setting integrated into nearly every mobile device and many applications today. Why would that be necessary?

Pure speculation at this point, but mobile DNA data could find applications in shopping for products in-tune with your genotype for specific conditions (like skin dryness), field research. There could also be DNA-based dating apps, streamlined doctor's visits, and more. Anything is possible.

How will Apple monetize such a future? To be fair, new business models will likely emerge (and be necessary). But it could generate revenue from advertising genotype-specific products to consumers, taking a finder's fee on sales, or by getting more directly involved in the market with a platform of its own.

What does it mean for investors?

Since the biggest thing holding back the DNA sequencing market has been swift access to large populations, it stands to reason that Apple won't be the only tech company looking to leverage its users. Indeed, Google has been dabbling in DNA sequencing since mid-2013. The strategy here is a bit different -- for now, anyway. Google Genomics is seeking to store sequenced genomes in the cloud for $25 per sequence per year. Collect enough sequences, and it empowers the same consumer sequencing revolution as direct mobile engagement (which Google will likely jump into, too). And there's no reason other platforms, from Facebook to Amazon, won't also join the fray.

No matter who gets involved, there is a huge opportunity brewing in DNA sequencing and the numerous offshoot technologies waiting to be created. It's great to see Apple taking the first steps toward monetizing what will eventually become an important consumer market. Apple is worth $1.4 trillion, says Carl Icahn Apple is worth $1.4 trillion, twice its current value, and the iPhone maker should give more of its $194bn cash pile back to shareholders, activist investor Carl Icahn has said.

In a letter to Apple chief executive Tim Cook , Mr Icahn, who holds nearly 1pc of the world's largest company, claims it is "misunderstood" by Wall Street, and set out his case for why it should boost its share buyback programme.

The investor, who has successfully argued for Apple to boost its buyback scheme in the past, believes the company is set to move into the television and car markets, which could "change the world" and overshadow profits in Apple's core telecoms market if it is successful.

"After reflecting upon Apple s tremendous success, we now believe Apple shares are worth $240 today [currently $129]," Mr Icahn wrote. "Apple is poised to enter and in our view dominate two new categories (the television next year and the automobile by 2020) with a combined addressable market of $2.2 trillion."

Mr Icahn believes that, taken together, the car and television markets are three times larger than the areas Apple's current products - the iPhone, iPad, iPod and Mac, but excluding the recently-launched smartwatch - cover.

Think you will find our latest letter to @tim_cook re $AAPL interesting: http://t.co/w6e9XvWptb   Carl Icahn (@Carl_C_Icahn) May 18, 2015

In his view, this justifies the need for Apple to return more money to its shareholders, despite the US technology giant increasing it to $200bn last month.

"With Apple s shares trading for just $128.77 per share versus our valuation of $240 per share, now is the time for a much larger buyback," he wrote. "The company s enormous net cash position continues to grow, while the company s shares are still dramatically undervalued."

"We again simply ask you to help us convince the board of how these two underlying issues (inefficient net cash growth and share undervaluation) persist and combine to enhance the opportunity for accelerated share repurchases in greater magnitude."

Mr Icahn says Apple should be given a price to earnings multiple of 18 times, compared with its current 10.9 and the S&P 500's 17.4.

Apple has been widely tipped to launch a television, and Mr Cook told Bloomberg last year that it is a product line Apple "continues to have great interest in".

"If we're really honest [television] is stuck in the 70s. When you go into your living room to watch TV, it's almost like you're rewinding the clock and you're going backwards," he told the Charlie Rose Show in September.

"The interface is terrible, I mean it's awful. You watch things when they come on unless you remember to record them."

Apple Watch

On Monday, Mr Icahn urged the company to crack the television market as "we view television s role in the living room as a strategically compelling bolt-on to the Apple ecosystem". He also believes that an Apple version could be used in conjuction with the current product line-up.

"We believe this move into TV will also benefit all the other devices and services in the Apple ecosystem. As just one of many possible examples of this, the Apple Watch could perhaps be used as a remote control.

"Similarly, as we expect Apple to launch a larger 12.9  iPad, it would offer an enhanced viewing experience for an Apple pay TV service, or act an improved 'second screen' to an Apple UltraHD television."

However, it is Apple's push into the car market which could reap the biggest rewards, as at $1.6 trillion, "the enormous addressable market for new cars is approximately four times the size of the smartphone market".

Mr Icahn expects the company to release an Apple-branded car by 2020 and see it as the "ultimate mobile device to which it could bring its peerless track record of marrying superior industrial design with software and services".

Apple chief executive Tim Cook

With Google's self-driving car expected to shake up the future of transport, Apple is likely to join the market with an electric car, especially with oil markets undergoing significant turmoil over the past year.

"The rising cost of oil, its impact on global warming, the geopolitical risks associated with oil dependency (especially as fuel for automobiles), followed more recently by the rise of cost-effective alternatives presents a 'change the world' opportunity for Apple," Mr Icahn wrote. "It is widely believed that the electric battery will play a key role in this transition."

Apple already places lithium-ion batteries in many of its exisiting products, such as the iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch and MacBook. Further development of this battery for use in a car could be a "game changer", Mr Icahn wrote.

Apple has already introduced CarPlay, a software system that integrates iTunes, mapping, messaging and other applications for use by auto makers.

Entry into these new markets would boost take-up of Apple's other products, and drive "even more premium market share gains for iPhone, which sits at the epicenter of this mega-ecosystem".

Mr Icahn has regularly lobbied for Apple to put its huge cash pile to good use. He argued in October that Apple's shares - then trading at $101.78 - were half the value they should be and the firm should increase share buybacks.

Apple's shares were up 0.4pc at $129.26 in afternoon trading. Apple Inc.'s (AAPL) Growth Story Around China: FBR Capital FBR Capital Markets Managing Director Daniel Ives discusses his outlook for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) growth in China, in a research report released today. Ives believes that while Apple s geographic footprint is largely weighted toward the American and European regions, China revenue remains front and center as a major potential growth engine for the coming years.

Ives wrote,  To this point, based on our bottom-up analysis on the China market opportunity for Apple, we estimate that China will overtake the Americas as the company s top geographic region by revenue in FY17 given our expectations for continued iPhone share gains among Chinese consumers/enterprises, with the broader Apple ecosystem of devices/services also representing a major cross-sell opportunity. 

 Management has previously indicated looking to approximately double its stores in China to 40 by mid 2016, while channel investments to broaden distribution with more hiring and strong partnerships should also add more fuel to the fire. Apple has clearly ramped China revenue, and we believe it is poised to capitalize on what we estimate is over a $150 billion TAM from China smartphone shipments over the next few years, with the potential for solid upside to Street numbers in the next few quarters coming from strength from the new iPhone 6/6 Plus, Apps Store, and Apple Watch, in our opinion. , the analyst added.

Conclustion

The analyst believes that Apple s growth story around China is still under-appreciated by the Street as the sustainability of iPhone growth in the region remains a debatable issue. Ives anticipates that Apple can capitalize on its current  white-hot momentum  in the region and penetrate further into the country with its strong product ecosystem and secular tailwinds front and center.

The analyst reiterated an Outperform rating on the stock with a price target of $185, which represents a potential upside of 44% from where the stock is currently trading.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Daniel Ives has a total average return of 9.5% and a 69.2% success rate. Ives has a 1.8% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #365 out of 3604 analysts. Apple Inc. Opening Largest Store In Dubai Apple plans to open its largest retail store in Dubai by the end of the summer. The report comes from Khaleej Times, which cites unnamed sources.

Apple expands its retail presence

Apple has been expanding throughout the world in the last few years, and it has no plans to slow down anytime soon. The company s retail executive, Angela Ahrendts, handles much of the expansions. This store will be the first Apple retail store in the United Arab Emirates. Although customers in that area have yet to get the brick-and-mortar experience, customers have been able to shop the tech giant s online store.

The new store will be located inside the Mall of Emirates. It will measure an impressive 50,000 square feet and feature a main entrance on the second level of the center s fashion district. Currently, the largest Apple Store is located at Covent Garden in London. It features a total of three floors and measures 40,000 square feet. However, Dubai s upcoming store is set to trump that by 25%.

Apple CEO wants to focus on UAE market

In 2014, chief executive officer Tim Cook visited the UAE to discuss education and work with local governments to improve the lives of young people. He even sat down with Mohammad Abdullah Al Gergawi (Minister of Cabinet Affairs) and other key officials.

Apple remains one of the most important tech companies of today. The iPhone maker revolutionized the tech industry with quality products and solid operating systems. It also inspired a dozen of similar phones that don t quite match up to Apple s vision. It comes as no surprise that Apple got involved in numerous lawsuits over patents and other design issues.

Apple s retail stores also helped revolutionize the company by providing a shopping experience that focuses exclusively on the brand. It is important for Apple to expand its brand by providing brick-and-mortar retail stores in locations it wants to dominate. 
2015-12-14
1 More Clue That Apple Inc. Will Use OLED Displays in the iPhone 8 Late last month, Japanese publication Nikkei Asian Review broke the news that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) plans to adopt OLED-based displays for its iPhones beginning in 2018. Such displays offer a number of advantages over the liquid crystal display technology currently found in Apple's iPhones such as improved contrast ratios and reduced device thickness (since OLEDs do not require a backlight).

Then, earlier this month, Japanese website Nikkan Kogyo Shimbun (via MacRumors) reported that longtime Apple display vendor Japan Display will "begin mass production of OLED displays for future iPhones in spring 2018."

In this article I'd like to show why I completely believe the latter report. After showing that, I will explain why Japan Display being able to successfully manufacture OLEDs makes it much more believable that Apple will adopt the technology.

Japan Display has been pretty clear that OLEDs are next up

In a recent investor presentation, Japan Display showed the following slide:

Notice on the right that Japan Display describes the first generation Pixel Eyes displays (I believe Apple uses this technology or some variant in the iPhone 6 and 6s family of products) as "thin, high function."

The second generation of Pixel Eyes displays, which DigiTimes says will go into production by the end of 2015, will offer significant improvements over the first generation Pixel Eyes displays (Japan Display touts "narrow border" and "low-power consumption" among other features).

These displays, however, should still be traditional liquid crystal displays.

What's interesting is that if you look at the slide, you'll see that Japan Display's third generation Pixel Eyes technology are described as using OLEDs (which in turn, per the slide, should enable new user interfaces and experiences).

With Apple's main display vendor saying that next up in its product pipeline are OLED-based displays, it's quite difficult to imagine that the iDevice maker will stick with LCDs when it introduces its 2018 iPhone.

Why Japan Display hopping on board the OLED train is good news for Apple OLED adoption

Apple's annualized iPhone shipments are now well past the 200-million mark, with iPhone sales making up the bulk of the company's revenue and an even larger portion of its gross profit dollars. In order to minimize supply chain risks (and to keep component prices as low as possible), Apple surely wants to have multiple sources for key components if possible.

Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) -- Apple's arch rival in the smartphone market -- is currently the major vendor of smartphone-sized OLED-based displays. LG Display (NYSE:LPL), too, manufactures mobile-oriented OLED displays. In fact, according to the Nikkei Asian Review, LG is planning to build out additional mobile OLED manufacturing capacity in light of Apple's decision.

Two suppliers are certainly better than one, but if Japan Display enters the fray, Apple will be able to play no fewer than three suppliers off of each other to get good component prices. Further, since Japan Display is an independent display maker without in-house smartphone efforts that compete directly with the iPhone (as LG and Samsung do), Apple might find it more "comfortable" to deal with Japan Display than with either Samsung Display or LG Display. Samsung Electronics Co. v. Apple Inc., No 15-___ (design patent scope and ...  Apple's Love/Hate Relationship With Taylor Swift Heats Up  Apple saved $4.1 billion hedging against a rising dollar, says Stifel An extremely well-timed currency hedging regimen saved Apple Inc. about 70 cents a share   or $4.1 billion   in earnings during fiscal year 2015, analysts at Stifel said in a note released last week.

Apple expanded its hedging efforts in the second half of 2014, the analysts said, just as the dollar rally was heating up.

The iPhone maker increased its holdings of currency-hedging contracts from a carrying value of $132 million in the quarter ended in June 2014 to more than $3.5 billion by the end of the quarter ended in December 2014, helping to diminish the negative impact the strengthening dollar had on its profits. Apple has disclosed that those contracts typically carry durations between three and 12 months, the Stifel analysts said.

Apple s benefit from its currency-hedging strategy in 2015 is significantly larger than in prior years. Stifel estimated that Apple saved $607 million through its hedging program in fiscal year 2012, $670 million in fiscal year 2013, while losing $150 million in fiscal year 2014.

A comprehensive currency-hedging program is especially important for companies like Apple, which AAPL, -0.53% generates about 65% of its revenue outside the U.S.   and about 24% of revenues in China alone.

Several different financial instruments exist to help companies hedge their currency risk. Companies can lock in a set exchange rate by entering into a forward contract with a currency dealer or entering into a swap agreement with another company. They can also buy currency futures, which are bought and traded on futures exchanges, including the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

Apple s precise hedging strategy couldn t be determined. An Apple spokesman didn t return a call or email requesting comment.

Over the past year and a half, the price of hedging against the strong dollar has increased as futures markets have priced in the likelihood of a Federal Reserve interest rate hike. Indeed, the Stifel analysts said the Apple s losses due to currency fluctuations will likely increase in fiscal year 2016 as its hedges expire.

Stifel maintain s Apple s shares at a  buy,  with a price target of $150.

Apple shares recently traded at $110.60, down 2.3% on the day, according to FactSet data.

U.S. companies have been griping about the drag on profits created by the strengthening dollar since the end of 2014. The dollar began appreciating against most of its rivals in July 2014.

Many expect the dollar to strengthen further if the Federal Reserve raises interest rates later this week, which it is widely expected to do. Though some believe a rate increase could cause the currency to weaken. 
2015-03-25
Apple Inc. (AAPL) Buys FoundationDB Apple just acquired FoundationDB, a software program that can perform ACID-compliant transactions at super fast speeds. Apple reportedly purchased the company with bolstering cloud services in mind.

The report, which first came from TechCrunch, speculates that the technology could become a part of iTunes, the App Store or iTunes in the Cloud. There is also the remote chance it could be integrated into Apple s rumored TV service. Previous reports point toward Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) reaching a content service deal for iOS, Mac and Apple TV customers.

A look at Apple s recent purchase

Neither Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) nor FoundationDB confirmed the purchase; however, the latter announced on its official website that it was no longer allowing downloads for its database software. Apple claimed it buys up smaller companies frequently and usually doesn t share initial plans. FoundationDB was formed in 2009 by David Rosenthal, Nick Lavezzo and David Scherer. Rosenthal was the company s chief executive officer and previously held the VP of engineering position at Omniture.

FoundationDB became a desirable acquisition target when it handled ACID-compliant transactions with strong scalability. In 2012, the company had a booth at TechCrunch s Disrupt SF conference. It was apparent that the company offered a modern approach to the NoSQL database. Just last year, the company unveiled a faster engine with up to 14.4 million random writes per second.

Apple s need to expand iCloud

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s latest acquisition could be a huge win for the company. A fast and durable database could be just what the iPhone maker needs to boost server technologies. The App Store offers millions of apps, and many of those apps are being served to users. There is also plenty of room for system improvements.

The reliability and speed of Apple s cloud services are important. The vast majority of Apple users rely on their iPhones and iPads to access cloud-based services. The mobile industry will continue to grow, and so will the cloud industry. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) needs to update its technologies to accommodate growth and meet the ever-changing needs of consumers. 
2015-04-15
1 Way the Apple Inc. iPad Air 2 Crushes the Microsoft Corporation Surface 3 Reviews of Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) new Surface 3 tablet have been rolling in, and so far they seem pretty positive. One well-established hardware review site, Ars Technica, recently published its review of the device, and in its estimation "the good" far outweighed "the bad" and "the ugly."

However, although Microsoft seems to have built a solid machine, it's hard to ignore the one way in which the device gets utterly crushed by the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPad Air 2.

Let's talk about performance

The Surface 3 is powered by Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) latest mobile applications processor, known as the Atom x7-8700. This is the fastest Intel Atom-based processor that Intel is shipping today. In contrast, the iPad Air 2 is powered by Apple's home-grown A8X processor.

You might be surprised at which company's chip performs better.

In Ars Technica's review, the reviewer provided performance tests using a benchmark known as GFXBench 3.0. In the "T-Rex" test, the Surface 3 could draw images at a rate of 36.1 frames per second, while the iPad Air 2 delivered an incredible 70.4 frames per second -- a nearly 95% advantage for the Apple chip. In the "Manhattan" test, the Surface 3 turned in 17.2 frames per second, while the iPad Air 2 delivered 32.7 frames per second -- another victory for Apple's chip.

In CPU performance, Ars Technica ran Geekbench. While some will debate the usefulness/validity of this test, it's the most "apples-to-apples" test that Ars Technica ran (the other two tests -- Kraken and SunSpider -- are browser based, and the tests were not run in the same browsers on the two devices).

The triple-core A8X chip in the Air 2 turned in 1780 points in single-core and 4533 points in multicore. The quad-core Atom x7-8700 scored 1024 in single-core and 3445 in multi-core. If Geekbench is to be believed, the A8X delivers better performance in tasks that rely on a single core as well as tasks that can use all available cores.

The delta will only get larger later this year

The iPad Air 2 was launched back in October 2014, and if Apple sticks to its traditional release cadence, it'll have a new iPad Air out on shelves in October this year. Apple will probably include a next generation chip, most likely called the A9X, and it'll likely be significantly faster than the A8X inside of the iPad Air 2.

The Surface 3, on the other hand, doesn't start shipping to customers until early May. Further, the company is unlikely to launch a Surface 4 until it can get its hands on a next generation mobile chip from Intel. This next chip, known as Broxton, is expected to arrive in 2016. My guess is that the Surface 4, based on Broxton, will hit the shelves around this time next year.

So it looks like it will be at least another year before an Intel-powered Surface 4 might be able to reach performance parity with the latest iPad if the above performance tests are representative.

A thinner and lighter Surface Pro could do the trick

Although it might be a while before the Microsoft Surface lineup can match the kind of performance that the iPad Air family delivers, the Surface Pro lineup could one-up Apple's tablets.

If Microsoft goes ahead and uses a Skylake-based Core M chip inside its next Surface Pro, then Microsoft would be able to market a very high performance, thin, and fan-less Surface Pro as a competitor to the latest Apple iPad Air devices. 
2015-08-31
Apple, Cisco Unveil Business Partnership Apple Inc. and Cisco Systems Inc. are teaming up to help bring more iPhones and iPads to business users.

The partnership, announced Monday, is aimed at helping Apple s mobile devices communicate more effectively on corporate networks where Cisco gear is widely used, the companies said. They also plan to jointly work on technology to help workers with iPhones and iPads better exploit Cisco s collaboration products, including its... The One Thing Apple Understands is Photography Only a Luddite would still categorize Apple as a computer company. Indeed, the company officially changed its name in 2007, dropping  Computer  and simply settling for  Apple, Inc.  Still, most people probably think of Apple as the maker of the iPhone and iPad, and to a lesser extent as the company that makes MacBooks and iMacs.

But let me suggest that Apple is the most important camera company today.





Over a cup of coffee the other day, @jbchan told me,  The one thing that Apple understands is photography.  It took a few seconds to register in my brain, but it suddenly became obvious. The iPhone is a transformative camera in the same way that the Kodak Brownie brought film photography to the masses. The Brownie s slogan?  You press the button, we do the rest.  115 years later, consumers still desire the same ease of use.

Industry consultant Heino Hilbig posits that the contemporary decline in camera sales isn t a function of a bad economy nor the rise of the smartphone, but rather an element of fun and ease of use that is inherent in a smartphone, and missing from the traditional camera. He suggests that the camera industry could buck the trend by simply creating future cameras that prioritize ease of use over features (e.g. scene modes, dials, multiple storage media types).

Indeed, in considering how the camera of the future will manifest itself, I m pretty sure the camera of the future isn t from the past. I don t agree completely with Hilbig. Yes, it s true that today s standalone cameras are generally too complicated to use and filled with menu systems that require the patience of Job. But the iPhone isn t just about simplicity   Apple enabled an ecosystem that takes photography beyond capture to social sharing. And sharing photos is where joy originates for most people (but not necessarily for most  photographers ).

Although it took two years after the product launch for Apple to support third party apps, the App Store has become a crucial part of Apple s success as a camera manufacturer. Android has apps, but the ecosystem simply isn t as tidy. And given the way phone manufacturers customize builds of Android, the experience simply isn t as tightly integrated nor fast as the iPhone.

As photography has become increasingly less precious, a second wave of vernacular photography has emerged   an often disposable version that is as much language as it is optical capture.  What are you doing?  is now as likely to be answered with a photo as it is with a text.

  In 2014, the iPhone was the 2nd most popular camera brand on Flickr, and the iPhone 5 was the most popular model of camera.

  Apple has built an entire iPhone advertising campaign around  shot on iPhone  suggesting that photography is the key feature.

  The latest incarnation of iCloud and the Photos app automatically syncs photos with the cloud eliminating the need to manually ingest and back-up.

  Photo and photo-sharing apps continue to dominate the Apple app ecosystem as evidenced by the App Store rankings.

In Apple s world, technical decisions like exposure are handled by the software. Complicated lighting? The iPhone automatically turns on HDR. Don t like the exposure? Drag your finger to adjust with the WYSIWYG interface. Need to stylize your photo? Do it  in camera  with a plethora of apps from VSCO to Instagram. There s a filter for that.

In the traditional camera industry, mirrorless shift is impressive. But as Michael Heath points out, it s probably not going to save the camera industry. The cameras are smaller and stocked with impressive dynamic range, high ISO support and even 4K video. But they still aren t as easy as the iPhone. At least their batteries tend to last longer.

Photos and video are the currency of social media. The iPhone prints this currency. There are better smartphone cameras, but not a better ecosystem. And if the rumors are true, the iPhone 6s will continue to trailblaze with a 12MP camera, 4K video, and who knows what other behind-the-scenes improvements to its processing algorithm.

Traditional camera manufacturers can try to evolve, but they are at a distinct disadvantage by not being Internet-enabled devices. Imagine if your Nikon or Canon point and shoot could run Instagram and wirelessly connect to the Internet. Would a material percentage of 2014 s 1.5 billion smartphone purchasers choose these dedicated cameras? Very possibly enough to alter the downward growth trajectory.

How will Apple continue to dominate the camera space? Sensors and the processing algorithms will undoubtedly continue to improve. But I, for one, would love to see Apple develop an iPhone 7P. The  P  is for photography. Add back 2mm to the device s profile, which would enable a larger battery, and install an even better camera (bigger lens, bigger sensor) for people who love photography. I would easily pay a $100 premium for the specialized device. I have to think they would sell more of these than the iPhone 6c.

The most important camera company of any era is the one that entices the average consumer to take more photos. Leica might have  invented  the 35mm camera, but their audience was and is niche. The digital camera might have been an unavoidable technological shift, but the real explosion in the number of photos taken is almost certainly attributable to the iPhone and the apps that it supports.

I don t know how Apple will fare with TVs and autonomous cars, but I know the one thing that Apple understands is photography.

About the author: Allen Murabayashi is the Chairman and co-founder of PhotoShelter, which regularly publishes resources for photographers. Allen is a graduate of Yale University, and flosses daily. This article was also published here. 
2015-08-26
3 Reasons Apple Inc.'s iPad Pro Won't Have Intel Inside Over at Seeking Alpha, contributor Alcaraz Research suggested that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming iPad Pro tablet could use a microprocessor sourced from Intel (NASDAQ:INTC). Its argument hinges on the notion that key productivity software suites -- such as Photoshop, AutoCAD, and Final Cut Pro) -- currently only run on systems running Intel-compatible (i.e., x86) processors.

I don't agree with Alcaraz Research and firmly believe that the rumored iPad Pro -- when and if it actually hits the market -- will feature an Apple-designed system-on-chip rather than an Intel processor. Here are three reasons why.

1. The software argument doesn't hold up

Alcaraz Research rightly points out that the software ecosystem around traditional PC operating systems running x86 processors -- at least for professional applications -- is more robust than that on the mobile-centric iOS.

However, Apple is not a company known for putting out half-baked products with minimal software ecosystems. If Apple is serious about pushing the iPad Pro as a productivity device, then I am fairly confident that the company is working closely with top software vendors to ensure that crucial software suites make their way to iOS.

2. Speaking of software...

Although the iPad Pro is expected to be targeted at more "professional" use, the device still needs to be viable as an iPad. To do this, it would make the most sense for Apple to have this device run iOS and not, say, a flavor of Mac OS.

For Apple to build an x86-compatible iPad, it would first need to port iOS to x86. After that, it would need to mandate that developers port over their iOS applications to run on this x86-compatible version of iOS.

Given that the existing iPads won't be moved to x86, nor will the iPhone, developers would needlessly need to submit multiple versions of each of their applications to the App Store in support of this odd-man-out x86-powered iPad Pro.

3. Apple's mobile applications processors are really good

Although I still believe that at PC-class performance levels, Intel processors will remain the gold standard for the foreseeable future, Apple's home-grown applications processors are quite good for what they're designed for.

The Apple A8X found in last year's iPad Air 2 already delivers strong CPU and graphics performance, and it will only get better with this year's A9X. The A9X probably won't be in the same league as a high-end Intel Skylake-based Core M processor in terms of CPU/graphics performance, but it should still be plenty fast and deliver a smooth user experience.

"Intel Inside" the iPad Pro is simply wishful thinking

Although the idea has been much talked about, I think that the odds of Intel supplying applications processors into Apple's iPad Pro (or any iPad, really) outside of a semiconductor foundry deal are only infinitesimally north of zero.

Apple has invested heavily in building up substantial semiconductor talent and I expect it to leverage this talent wherever it makes sense to. I don't think Apple will boot Intel out of its Mac family of products (Intel's PC processors are quite excellent), but for all of its non-Mac needs today and going forward, I expect the company to use internally designed applications processors. 'Death cross' appears in Apple's stock chart FactSet Apple s stock succumbs to a  death cross  pattern

Apple Inc. s stock chart has produced a bearish  death cross  pattern for the first time in nearly three years, and even though it was well-anticipated, it could still spook investors, given what happened the last couple of times it appeared.

The stock AAPL, -0.53% climbed 2.2% in midday trade, but it was still down 15% since July 22. That s when its 50-day moving average ( MA ), which chart watchers use as a guide to the short-term trend, started turning lower.

The 50-day MA is at $121.2497, according to FactSet, crossing below the 200-day MA, which slipped to $121.5105. Many use the 200-day MA as a dividing line between long-term uptrends and downtrends.

Don t miss the slide show:  A death cross in Apple s stock is coming. 

When the 50-day MA crosses below the 200-day MA, it s known to chart watchers as a  death cross.  Many of them see that as marking the spot where a short-term decline turns into a longer-term downtrend.

Apple s last death cross appeared on Dec. 7, 2012, when the stock closed at $76.18 on a split-adjusted basis. The stock fell another 27% before hitting bottom on April 19, 2013.

Apple s stock fell a lot further after last two death crosses

Some would say the current death cross is more significant than the last one because this time the 200-day MA is declining. It was rising on Dec. 7, 2012.

The last time an Apple death cross appeared with a declining 200-day MA was Sept. 23, 2008, when the stock closed at a split-adjusted $18.12. It didn t bottom until Jan. 20, 2009, after sliding another 38% to $11.17.

Apple s stock has skidded 20% since its record close of $133 on Feb. 23, compared with a 13% drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.67% over the same time.

When the last two death crosses appeared, the stock had already lost 24% and 33%, respectively, from significant peaks.

Among the broader market indexes, death crosses have appeared in the chart of the Dow and is about a session away from appearing in the S&P 500 SPX, -0.68% but is still weeks away from occurring in the Nasdaq Composite. COMP, -0.53% 
2015-05-23
Apple, Inc. Is About to Reinvent a Common Household Item You probably use it more than once a day. It may be the dirtiest item in your house. And if you lose it, there's a good chance you'll spend 20 minutes digging around before inevitably finding it buried under the couch cushion.

I'm talking about the TV remote -- it could be the source of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next technological revolution.

In 2007, Apple introduced the first version of the Apple TV, complete with the Apple Remote. In the years since, Apple has refined its design, while its competitors have adopted a similar layout. Remotes for other set-top boxes, including Roku, Amazon's Fire TV, and Google's Nexus Player bear a striking similarity to the Apple Remote.

Is Apple about to do it again? Early next month, Apple will unveil its fourth-generation Apple TV set-top box, along with a redesigned remote, according to a recent report from The New York Times. The changes it makes could set the standard for years to come.

How important is a remote?

Apple's next remote could ultimately be as significant, if not more so, than the changes it makes to the Apple TV itself. Rival Google's first foray into the living room, Google TV, was an abysmal failure, largely due to its overly complicated remote. While it had its advantages, it included nearly 100 buttons and a full miniature keyboard -- far too complex for most users.

When Google reentered the living room with Android TV last year, it scaled down its ambitions -- and its remote -- significantly.

As the central interface between the user and the Apple TV, the new remote will dictate how the device is used. Allegedly, Apple will include a touch pad with two physical buttons in addition to the remote's current input methods. That will make it slightly more complex, but it may be necessary.

Compared to its rivals, the Apple TV is lacking in one major area: it doesn't have access to an app store. Despite running a slightly modified version of its mobile iOS operating system, Apple has yet to open the Apple TV up to the iTunes app store -- developers haven't been able to take advantage of the 25 million-plus Apple TV set-top boxes that have been sold worldwide.

The next Apple TV will finally gain the ability to run apps, according to BuzzFeed. The possibilities seem endless -- more video apps, streaming music, and games. A touch pad would allow for a level of interaction with apps that the current Apple Remote cannot offer, particularly if it includes Force Touch, Apple's user interface innovation that has already found its way into a wide variety of its products.

The Times report, however, makes no mention of a microphone. The remotes that come with Amazon's Fire TV, Google's Nexus Player, and some versions of the Roku 3, include a microphone that allows for voice search. Dictating commands into the remote can facilitate significantly faster searching. Including Siri and a microphone would seem like an obvious way for Apple to keep pace with its rivals in the space, but perhaps it plans to go in a different direction.

The center of the living room

Apple is also expected to unveil an Internet-based streaming cable alternative: a cheaper, smaller bundle of channels that may be similar to Sling TV.

That offering, combined with HBO Now and the other streaming services, could finally make the Apple TV the center of the living room. Rather than switch between a traditional cable box and an Apple TV to get their occasional Internet video fix, consumers could set their TV's input to the Apple TV and never change it back.

Then everything could flow through the Apple TV, and its remote could become the only one you ever need. More Android Users Are Switching to Apple Inc.'s iPhone The iPhone 6 has been a tremendous success.

From the beginning of last October through the end of March, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) sold a stunning 135.7 million iPhones, a record high for the company. But who, exactly, did Apple sell those iPhones to? Existing iPhone owners coming back for a larger screen? Or users of Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android operating system switching over?

In terms of Apple's earnings, every iPhone sold is still an iPhone sold, but winning Android converts offers long-term advantages.

A higher rate of switching

Apple's management believes that the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are attracting more Android users than previous iPhone models. "We're seeing a higher rate of switchers than we've experienced in previous iPhone cycles," Apple CEO Tim Cook said on the company's most recent earnings call.

Some research firms and analysts have backed up that claim. In March, Kantar Worldpanel, reporting on the five largest countries in Europe, said that during Q1, nearly one-third of Apple's smartphone customers were coming from an Android-powered handset. Analysts at Citi went further, claiming in a note published earlier this month that almost half of iPhone 6 buyers had previously owned a different handset, many of which were Android-powered.

Apple's customers are notoriously loyal -- about 90% of iPhone owners buy another iPhone when it comes time to upgrade. That gives it a large swath of loyal, repeat buyers to sell to, but its growth will certainly slow over time if it only sells to its established base. Converting Android users to iPhone allows Apple to continue growing revenue.

Market share is also relevant. Although Apple has been able to thrive with its 15%-20% share of the global smartphone market, taking a larger share should be beneficial over time.

One major advantage iPhone has over its rivals is its app ecosystem -- many mobile apps are written for iPhone first (or even exclusively). Twitter's Periscope stands out as a recent, notable example. Higher market share should entice developers to stick with Apple's mobile platform over time, thereby keeping iPhone desirable to app-conscious smartphone users.

The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus appear to have driven Apple's market share higher. Kantar Worldpanel noted that, during the first quarter, Android's share of the smartphone market fell 3.1 percentage points on an annual basis, while Apple's rose by 1.8 percentage points. In China, the growth was even more significant: iPhone market share rose to 26.1% from 17.9% in the same period last year.

But not everywhere

Yet Apple may not have had the same level of success capturing Android converts in every market.

In the U.S., for example, there's some evidence to suggest that Google's Android operating system is holding strong. Late last month, Consumer Intelligence Research Partners (CIRP) released the results of a study on the habits of U.S. smartphone buyers. CIRP found that during the first quarter, 18% of iPhone buyers were switching over from an Android smartphone -- nearly the same rate as in the first quarter of 2014.

Although its importance is in decline, the U.S. remains Apple's single largest market. It's also one of the most mature: CIRP found that a full 72% of first quarter iPhone buyers had previously owned an iPhone, up from 62% in the same period last year. Apple's iPhone isn't in trouble in the U.S., but these results may suggest that as smartphone markets mature, the opportunity for converting users of rival operating systems lessens.

Apple doesn't need iPhone converts, but every one should be cheered

Even if Apple doesn't capture any additional Android users, the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus still have plenty of upside. According to Apple, just 20% of the existing iPhone user base has upgraded to one of its latest models. Plus, while many established markets appear to be nearing the point of smartphone saturation, there are still billions of people in the world who have yet to purchase their first smartphone.

But given the iPhone's rate of loyalty, every Android switcher should be cheered by Apple's shareholders. Once captured, they may become permanent iPhone converts and longtime Apple customers -- a steady and reliable stream of revenue for years to come. 
2015-10-18
Yes, Intel Corp. Should Worry If Apple Inc. Excludes It From Future Macs Over in Seeking Alpha, a contributor by the handle of "Alpha Max" argues that investors in PC processor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) shouldn't worry if Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) ultimately decides to kick Intel out of its Mac products and instead choose to use processors designed by the iDevice maker itself.

Alpha Max argues that, in the (apparently inevitable) case in which Apple kicks Intel out of some of its Mac systems, Intel could still benefit by both winning the contracts to build Apple-designed chips and by sharing the modem spot with Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) in future iPhones.

I respectfully disagree with the author; Intel needs to be "paranoid" here and defend this business aggressively. Here's why.

How much revenue does Intel get from Apple, again?

According to Intel's most recent form 10-K filing, Apple was not responsible for more than 10% of the company's revenue during 2014. Given that Intel brought in $55.87 billion in sales, this means that a good upper-bound for the company's revenue from Apple.

To try to get a better handle on what kind of revenue Intel likely receives from sales to Apple, it's worth noting that Apple sold roughly 18.9 million Mac computers during its fiscal year 2014. If we assume that the average selling price of platforms into Apple's Macs is $150, then this would imply $2.835 billion in revenue.

Apple tends to buy a fairly rich mix of processors, so I wouldn't be surprised if that average selling price were closer to $200. At any rate, I think it's fair to assume that Intel probably gets anywhere from around $3 billion to around $4 billion per year in revenue from Apple.

Can foundry-plus-modem offset this?

Intel's gross profit margin was 63% last quarter and the company expects that to be about 62% next quarter. I believe that it's pretty fair to assume that the gross profit margins on the chips that Intel sells to Apple are about in-line with the corporate average.

Under that assumption, Intel realizes anywhere from $1.86 billion to $2.48 billion in gross profits from its current Apple business.

The question, then, is whether it would be reasonable to expect that the combination of being a foundry to Apple and being a second source on the modem side of things to be enough to offset the loss of that business.

I would argue that the answer is "no."

According to an estimate from Credit Suisse's Kulbinder Garcha, Apple is on track to ship 234 million iPhones in calendar 2015 .

If we assume that Intel could get $15 per A-series chip and $15 for the modem, and if we assume that it would win all of that business, then this could be a deal worth $7 billion in revenue. However, in such a case I would expect that the gross profit margins on such a deal would be more along the lines of 50% (especially given that the foundry and modem landscapes are quite competitive) rather than the 60%+ that Intel's PC platform sales bring in.

The good news, then, is that such a deal could actually lead to slightly higher overall gross profits by anywhere from $500 million to $1.2 billion. The bad news is that the likelihood that Apple would use Intel to manufacture all of its A-series processors and buy all of its cellular modems from Intel is very, very low.

If we tone down the assumptions a bit and assume a 50/50 split for both the A-series processors and the modem (which, once again, is quite aggressive given that Intel's current share of both businesses is 0%), then such a deal would still be a net negative for Intel as total gross profits from such a "trade" would seemingly come down.

Intel needs to defend its Mac business

At the end of the day, although Apple isn't a 10% customer of Intel's, the revenue that the chip giant sees from selling processors to Apple is likely quite material.

I believe that as long as Intel can continue to deliver products that offer the kind of performance and power consumption that Apple is looking for, then it should continue to "own" this business for the foreseeable future.

Fortunately, Intel's PC processor architectures are quite good and benefit from being manufactured on what I believe to be the world's best manufacturing technology; in other words, Intel is doing what it needs to keep its spot inside of future Apple Macs. Japan's major architecture, engineering firms going "all iPad" in support of ... Feature

Apple's mobile enterprise ambitions are beginning to shift the market in Japan, where large architecture, engineering, construction and operations firms have already moved to standardize on iOS and iPads for their enterprise tablets.





Japan's Daiwa House Industry extensively uses iPad



iPad Pro

Can your product run on iPad?

"Every company we visited said, 'can your product run on iPad?'" - Yoji Ebata, Graebert Japan

IBM gets enterprise fired up to buy iOS





According to a report by Architosh, Graebert--a major German CAD (computer assisted design) software developer--announced its support for iOS after finding that leading Japanese firms have already standardized on iOS in deploying thousands of iPads.That shift is coming largely at the expense of Google's Android, and leaves diminishing hope for Microsoft's efforts to win converts back to the Windows PC, in any form factor.Despite selling lots of consumer tablets (including a large segment of devices used at portable TVs or " kids toys ," according to IDC), Android does not have the same professional backing as iOS in the corporate enterprise.The corporate shift toward iPads has occured rapidly over the past year, thanks in part to Apple's high profile global partnership with IBM. Major design firms that already use Graphisoft ArchiCAD have also been quick to adopt iPads to make use of BIMx Docs, a mobile companion app.Apple has specifically profiled Daiwa House Industry, Japan's largest homebuilder, as a major enterprise iPad adopter, detailing how the company uses iPads and custom iOS apps for everything from design and building tools to managing internal operations to end user sales and home management tools for customers.Enterprise adoption of iPads is not only shifting how industries work, but is also having an impact on how Apple designs iPads. This winter, the company will begin selling its new iPad Pro , a notebook sized tablet that capitalizes on Apple's tablet app-ecosystem strength while adding a precision Apple Pencil stylus to enable drawing and annotation features that don't make sense on smaller mobile devices.Google has promoted Android tablets as essentially being a stretched smartphone, resulting in the platform being used primarily as a way to watch videos rather than as a true Post-PC app development platform. In the other direction, Microsoft has tried to fold iPad-like features into Windows and develop hybrid tablet-laptops that promise to do everything, an approach that has neither reinvigorated the lagging PC market nor created a new product category capable of standing on its own.Last October, Graebert said it released its ARES Touch mobile CAD software for Android first, citing predictions by Gartner that claimed Google's platform would claim a leading 62 percent market share among tablets sales this year.However, that same developer subsequently shifted to add support for iOS after considering new data: first, IDC stats showing Apple's iOS already has 80 percent of the enterprise market, and second, first-hand experience among influential large firms in the Japanese market who are asking specifically for iOS apps.Cedric Desbordes, a sales and marketing executive for the firm, noted that "Apple has entered into a global partnership with IBM to develop iPad sales," adding, "we are already seeing strong interest for CAD solutions on iPad from our larger accounts in Asia."Yoji Ebata, an executive with Graebert Japan, further stated to Architosh that Apple's iPads are already becoming the "dominant platform for tablets in Japanese AEC market," with major design and construction firms such as Obayashi, Kajima and Taisei already having deployed thousands of the devices.Earlier this spring, Ebata noted that when Graebert began promoting its Android software to major firms in Japan, "every company we visited said, 'can your product run on iPad?'"Apple and IBM first announced their MobileFirst partnership in July 2014, outlining plans to sell iPhones and iPads paired with with industry-specific app solutions to business clients worldwide.This June, IBM expanded the scope of its enterprise iOS app solutions with a cloud services partnership with Box, integrating that firm's cloud APIs for content management, distribution, sharing and storage.IBM has already released more than thirty industry-specific apps for iPhone and iPad users in the enterprise, ranging from business travel, shift management, field operations and banking to education, public safety and healthcare.Earlier this year, IBM also expanded its MobileFirst apps to support Apple Watch , adding remote notifications support to its apps targeting the healthcare, public safety and energy industries. 
2015-01-13
Is Apple Inc. Under-Investing in Future Products? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is the most valuable company in the world -- by a greater than 50% margin -- and it has delivered a total return of nearly 300% for shareholders in the past five years.

Despite this phenomenal record of success, plenty of skeptics still like to second-guess Apple's management (or at least its post-Steve Jobs management). One frequent refrain is that Apple is underinvesting in itself as CEO Tim Cook has given in to Wall Street's desperate calls for stock buybacks.

Cook certainly has allocated a lot of money for dividends and share buybacks -- more than $130 billion between 2012 and 2015. However, the idea that Apple is underinvesting in research and development is simply a myth.

Proof of underinvestment?

Hedge fund manager Eric Jackson has been one prominent proponent of the "underinvestment" thesis recently. In a series of articles for Forbes, he argued that Cook has wasted the $100 billion that Apple has spent so far on dividends and share buybacks.

Instead, Jackson asserted, Apple should have spent this money on a combination of research and development and acquisitions. Essentially, he believes Apple could grow significantly faster by spending more on R&D, while making strategic acquisitions would give the company access to new technical talent and further its long-term dominance.

Just this past week, Ophir Gottlieb of MarketWatch made a similar point. Gottlieb approached the question from a comparative standpoint. He noted that Apple spends less on R&D than either Google or Microsoft in nominal terms, and significantly less as a proportion of revenue.

On the other hand, he pointed to Apple's massive share repurchase activity of the past year. Gottlieb suggested that Apple would be better off spending more on R&D and returning less cash to shareholders.

The reality: rapid growth in R&D spending

These criticisms minimize both the absolute amount that Apple spends on research and development today, as well as the growth rate of its R&D spending. In its 2014 fiscal year, Apple spent $6.04 billion on R&D, up from $489 million just 10 years earlier.

Apple has been increasing its R&D spending at a steady rate. Over the full 2004-2014 period, Apple's R&D spending grew at a compound rate of more than 28%.

The case for more R&D is flimsy

Despite increasing R&D spending more than 12-fold in the past decade, it's true that Apple still spends less than Google and Microsoft. (In the last 4 quarters, those companies have spent $9.8 billion and $11.7 billion on R&D, respectively.) However, that doesn't necessarily mean Apple is skimping.

Jackson and Gottlieb both recognize -- in theory -- that more R&D spending isn't always better. Gottlieb mentioned that Apple has fewer product lines going than do Google and Microsoft, which could justify spending less on R&D. Jackson referenced a school of thought that R&D results can't necessarily be improved by having more resources.

However, neither pundit was willing to concede that these actually might be explanations and not just excuses. Apple has increased its R&D spending at least 30% each year for the past half-decade. Is it possible that it could productively spend even more? Yes -- but it's far from guaranteed. Just boosting spending 30% a year without wasting money seems challenging enough.

Similarly, to ignore Apple's focus on a few key products as a cause of relatively low R&D spending is also questionable. After all, the iPhone and iPad were developed in the mid-2000s when Apple was spending $1 billion or less annually on R&D.

To say that Apple is spending too little on R&D by reference to what other tech companies are doing is essentially to assert that the iPhone and iPad were flukes. How could Apple have invented a $100 billion business on a sub-$1 billion R&D budget if there is a straight-line relationship between R&D spending and innovation?

Apple spends far more on R&D today than it did in its innovation heyday. That doesn't mean cutting back to $1 billion in annual R&D spending would help Apple to develop "the next iPhone". But it also highlights the danger of assuming that more R&D spending will lead to more or better results. Apple: Yes To Action Cameras, Beating GoPro Is Easy I pity GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO). Its stock dropped by almost 13% after Patently Apple published a report that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was granted a patent on a camera design akin to GoPro's remote-controlled action cameras. Such is the power of Apple's brand that investors can do panic-mode selling over companies that might be affected by Tim Cook's future product releases.

Terrified investors (or professional traders) used Apple's action camera patent to punish high-flying GPRO Tuesday. It might be a nice idea to do a pair trade - short GPRO and go long AAPL this week. Apple is in dire need of product expansion, because it is currently heavily dependent on iPhone sales (58% of revenue).

The idea that Apple might soon release an action camera that can be controlled by an iPhone 6 or iPad is a welcome development. I speculate that this product may be released within this year. I am confident that creating an action camera is a lot less easier than creating an iPhone or iPad.

I am even more confident that the camera will be controlled by the upcoming Apple Watch. The illustration below shows a watch can be used to wirelessly control the action camera. The camera will also be compatible with helmet-mount and bike-mount installation.

Source: Patently Apple

The patent was filed in 2012. The action camera design of Apple calls for a waterproof, weatherproof, shockproof action camera than can do remote-controlled videography even when it is underwater.

Action Camera Sales Booming

Tim Cook definitely was already planning to make money out of the patents that Apple and Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) bought from Eastman Kodak. Fortunately for AAPL investors, there is no rumor that Google is also going to make action cameras. The 1,200 Kodak patents will complement Apple's recently granted action camera patent.

I am not saying an Apple action camera is an immediate existential threat to GoPro. I only appreciate that the global brand appeal of Apple (and high customer loyalty of its installed client base) offers a huge market-ready opportunity for iOS-compatible cameras.

Unlike the rapidly declining sales of compact digital cameras, the action camera category is predicted to grow to 9 million units by 2018. Cook is therefore right in acquiring patents that will help Apple invade GoPro's territory. There is growing interest in action camera videography among professionals and sports addicts.

GoPro is the biggest name when it comes to all-weather action cameras. This company experienced stratospheric valuation when it made it IPO debut last year. However, Apple's entry in the action camera industry is definitely disruptive. I fear GoPro's stock price will drop even more this year.

There are already other firms trying to steal market share from GoPro. Sony (NYSE:SNE), HTC (OTC:HTCXF) and Garmin (NASDAQ:GRMN) have released action cameras. However, we already know that Apple beat Sony and HTC in the tablet and smartphone categories. Apple has more market appeal than Sony or HTC.

How Much Will It Contribute?

Apple can get away with a high-margin action camera because of its premium branding credibility. If GoPro can sell its flagship Hero3+ for $400, Apple can also sell its future action camera for $500 - and it will still likely be a million-selling product.

The margins on action cameras are probably higher than on high-end tablets. There are hundreds of tablet vendors that want to kill the iPad. Apple might find it easier to make money on action cameras, where there is less competition. Cook's marketing genius might even help popularize the action videography concept - much as the iPhone did for the smartphone industry.

If Apple can sell 2 million action cameras per year at $500 each, the company stands to gain additional (non-iPhone) sales of $1 billion. Apple's mighty cash hoard says it can also afford to wage a price war on GoPro to steal market share. I still see Apple making a tidy profit even if it sells its future action cameras at $250 each.

Conclusion

The action camera industry is a great opportunity for Apple's expansion plans. Continued interest in biking, mountain climbing, sky diving and other active outdoor sports adventures compels me to believe that the demand for all-weather action cameras will continue to increase.

I am optimistic that action camera sales will hit more than 12 million units by 2018 if Apple releases an action camera this year or in 2016. Apple has this intrinsic ability to make niche products very popular with the masses.

Touchscreen smartphones only became famous because of the introduction of the iPhone in 2007. Apple's entry in phones killed Palm, and almost killed Nokia (NYSE:NOK) and BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY).

I look forward to Cook calling Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) CEO Brian Krzanich about adding RealSense camera technology to an Apple action camera. A depth-sensing RealSense-enabled Apple action camera is definitely a GoPro-killer.

AAPL is a Buy. Please avoid GPRO.

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL, BBRY, NOK.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Who's at the Head of the OS Market Share Class, Apple Inc. or Google Inc? For data-driven professionals who follow the smartphone industry closely, a new Kantar Worldpanel survey is akin to a stat-filled Christmas present. While this comes a little late to coincide with the actual holiday, the latest data brings surprises for all major operating systems: Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS, and Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows Phone. Unfortunately, surprises aren't always a good thing.

A word of caution before we dive into this data. Kantar's data is important to detect trends, but does have shortcomings. First, the data measures phone shipments from September to November; this has benefit of smoothing data over more than one month, but can skew the outlook if major products are launched (or not launched). This is a greater concern for Apple's iOS, a closed system, than Android or Windows Phone, open phone platforms that have numerous vendors producing handsets for the OS.

Drilling down into eight key markets, the big five European markets (the United Kingdom, Italy, France, Germany, and Spain), China, Japan, and the United States, there are three interesting takeaways when you compare that latest data to last's year's corresponding report. For a visual comparison, here's the data direct from Kantar:

An A for Apple in most countries; an incomplete in Asia

For a company that is unconcerned with taking market share for market share's sake, Apple had a great showing in Kantar's survey. The iPhone maker increased its market share percentage in each of the eight countries but Japan. In addition, Apple had the highest increase in market share in five of these countries.

For years, Apple has salivated about getting into China in a meaningful way, and it seems to be building upon earlier progress. Its smartphone market share in the Middle Kingdom grew from 17% in 2013's report versus 18.1% in 2014's, and that's considering the iPhone 6/6Plus only went on sale there on Oct. 17.. However, Apple's archrival, Google, grew its market share from 78.6% to 80.4%. Apple's gain appears to be built on market share losses by Windows Phone and other operating systems.

The news appears less promising at first glance in Japan, where Apple's market share reportedly dropped from 69.1% to 53.8%, with much of that market share going to Android handset makers. But, according to Kantar, this was due to an unfavorable comparison to 2013 because Apple inked the deal for NTT DoCoMo to carry the iPhone that year. Some cooling off of the initial iFervor is to be expected.

While Apple can taste success by merely expanding its business alongside wireless subscriber growth in China, fans would love to see the company put a dent in Android's dominance. In Japan, you can understand the Apple mania dying down a bit, but fans should watch Android's moves there and look for any future falloffs for Apple's market share.

Google's Android Gets a C-

Unlike Apple, the report makes clear that Google cares about market share. Android has the largest market share in seven of the eight surveyed nations (Japan being the only country it doesn't lead), and boasting a 65%-plus market share in all but three of these countries. Alas, when you have such a high market share you have to work harder to maintain and build upon your dominance; I'd say Android struggled in that regard.

Android lost market share in four of those eight markets on a year-over-year basis as it contends with Apple's gains. In those four markets, Google reported the greatest market share decreases on a raw number basis, the worst showing of the major operating systems.

There were positives: Android increased its market share in the surveyed Asia markets and continued its dominance in China with the emergence of Xiaomi. But, overall, this was a (ever-so-slightly) below-average report for Android.

Windows Phone gets an F; BlackBerry gets an automatic withdrawal

The news was worse for Microsoft and BlackBerry.

The Kantar Worldpanel survey found that Microsoft shipments dropped in six of the eight countries, and in three it had the largest market share drop; that's particularly tough considering its already low market share relative to iOS and Android. It appears Microsoft was focusing on Europe, where it had double-digit market shares in three of the five countries; however, it lost market share in four of those five countries on a year-over-year basis.

BlackBerry gets an automatic withdrawal. Although it still produces phones, CEO John Chen appears focused on the enterprise business and better ways to monetize its assets: its QNX software, Messenger, and secure enterprise servers. However, as of this report, BlackBerry had more than 1% market share in only one of the eight nations: Italy. Therefore, it should be excluded from the greater-smartphone conversation for the time being. 
2015-12-16
Apple Inc - Australia unmasks 600 big earning companies which paid no tax in 2014 - Reuters  
2015-01-25
Earnings Expectations For The Week Of January 26: Apple, Google, Microsoft & More The earnings crunch is on this week.

Tech and Internet giants will be stepping into the earnings spotlight, with forecasts calling for profit growth from Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) but shrinking profits from Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN), Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) and Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO).

Big oil companies such as Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX), industrial giants like Boeing Co (NYSE: BA) and Big Three automaker Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) also will take their turns on the earnings stage this week, along with drug companies, defense contractors, homebuilders, credit card companies and many others.

Below is a quick day-by-day run down of analyst expectations for these and some of the week's other most anticipated reports.

See also: Will Apple Rise On Record iPhone Sales Or Fall On Weak Apple Watch Guidance?

Monday

The fiscal second-quarter forecast for Microsoft calls for per-share earnings of $0.71 on revenue of $26.33 billion. In the same period of last year, the company behind Windows and Xbox posted a profit of $0.78 per share but $24.52 billion in revenue. Note that growth is expected on both the top and bottom lines in the current quarter.

DR Horton and Norfolk Southern are expected to join Microsoft in posting earnings declines, but analysts are looking for higher earnings from Seagate Technology, Texas Instruments and Zions Bancorp when they report on Monday.

Tuesday

Tuesday's highlight, and perhaps the highlight of the week, will be the after-the-bell report from Apple. The iPhone and Mac maker will post per-share earnings of $2.59 on revenue of $67.50 billion, if the consensus forecast for the fiscal first quarter is correct. That would be up from EPS of $2.07 and $57.59 billion in revenue in the year-ago period. Note that analysts underestimated EPS in the previous four quarters, and that the consensus forecast was just $2.52 per share 60 days ago.

Yahoo is also scheduled to share its results after the markets close. Per-share earnings are expected to have dropped about 37% to $0.29. The estimate for the full year has EPS up about seven cents to $1.59. Revenue for both the quarter and the year are forecast to be marginally lower to $1.19 billion and to $4.41 billion, respectively.

Of the many reports due on Tuesday, Amgen, American Airlines, AT&T, Corning, DuPont, Novartis, 3M, United Technologies and U.S. Steel are anticipated to offer up earnings growth, relative to the year ago quarters.

However, Bristol-Myers Squibb, Caterpillar, Coach, Electronic Arts, Freeport-McMoRan, Juniper Networks and Procter & Gamble are believed to have shrinking earnings, and Peabody Energy is expected to have swung to a net loss.

Wednesday

The forecast for Boeing calls for an more than 11 percent rise in earnings to $2.12 per share, as well as for revenue of $23.89 billion, which would also up marginally from the same period of last year. EPS have handily topped consensus estimates in recent quarters. The aerospace leader will share its results before the opening bell.

In its post-session report, Facebook will say it had per-share earnings of $0.48 on revenue of $3.78 billion, if the consensus forecast for the fourth quarter is accurate. That would be up from EPS of $0.31 and revenue of $2.58 billion a year ago. Strong growth on the top and bottom lines is expected for the full year as well.

Furthermore, analysts on average believe EMC, General Dynamics, General Growth Properties, Las Vegas Sands and Progressive will report earnings growth in the middle of the week. However, quarterly EPS are expected to be lower than a year ago at International Paper and Qualcomm.

Thursday

First thing in the morning, Ford is expected to show a quarterly profit of $0.23 per share, which would be eight cents less than in the fourth quarter of last year. Also, the anticipated quarterly revenue of $34.89 billion would be about 2 percent lower year-over-year. Declines on the top and bottom lines are predicted for the full year as well.

After the end of the trading day, the earnings spotlight will fall on Amazon and Google. The consensus forecast calls for EPS from the former to have tumbled two-thirds to $0.17 in the fourth quarter. From the latter, earnings of $7.12 per share are anticipated, up from the $6.01 per share posted a year ago.

Revenue at Amazon is expected to be $29.70 billion, or about 16 percent higher than a year ago. Revenue growth of less than 10 percent to $18.47 billion is predicted for the Internet search giant. Full-year revenues will be sharply higher for both companies, if forecasts hit the nail on the head.

Also on Thursday, another busy day for quarterly reports, look for anticipated earnings gains from Abbott Labs, Alibaba (sequentially), Broadcom, Celgene, Dow Chemical, JetBlue Airways, Nokia, Potash, Royal Caribbean Cruises, Royal Dutch Shell, Time Warner Cable, Viacom and Visa. In addition, look for lower EPS from Blackstone, ConocoPhillips, Occidental Petroleum, PulteGroup and Valero Energy.

Colgate-Palmolive, Harley-Davidson and Phillips 66 are expected to have EPS that are the same, relative to the year ago period.

See also: Will RadioShack Be The First Retailer To Go Bust In 2015?

Friday

Declines will be the order of the day when Chevron shares its results first thing in the morning. The consensus revenue estimates have year-on-year declines of more than 45 percent to $30.65 billion and more than 7 percent to $212.07 billion for the fourth quarter and the full year, respectively. EPS are projected to have retreated around 36 percent to $1.64 in the quarter, as well as about 12 percent to $9.75 for the year.

AbbVie, Altria, MasterCard, Tyson Foods and Weyerhaeuser are also expected to show growth on the bottom line Friday, while Eli Lilly, Honda and Mattel report earnings declines and EPS for Xerox are the same as a year ago.

Keep up with all the latest breaking news and trading ideas by following Benzinga on Twitter.

Posted-In: Amazon Amazon.comEarnings News Previews Top Stories Pre-Market Outlook Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-12-28
Apple's Chart Indicates A Tough Start To 2016 Ahead   Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has disappointed shareholders with a 3.4 percent decline in 2015.

  Despite bullish valuation metrics, the stock s chart looks extremely weak from a technical perspective.

  If Apple s technicals don t improve, the stock may soon bet headed back to re-test its flash crash lows at around $92.

Apple s stock has delivered a lackluster return in 2015 of -3.4 percent. Despite record profits and favorable valuation metrics compared to its peers, Apple s chart looks extremely challenged heading into 2016.

Bearish Formations

Apple experienced a death cross back in August and dropped below its 50-day simple moving average (SMA) earlier this month. In addition, its early November peak at $123 fell well short of its previous peaks at around the $132 level in February, April and July.

In fact, the triple top is an extremely bearish indicator in itself. As if there weren t enough technical signals that the $132 level was a major market top for Apple, Benzinga observed back in April that Apple experienced a bearish engulfing at the peak of its chart, a signal that a stock may have topped.

Related Link: New Bearish Technical Signal In Apple's Chart

To make matters worse, Apple s 2015 trading seems to have formed a head and shoulder pattern, another notoriously bearish technical formation that indicates the end of a long-term uptrend.

Frustrating Timing

For Apple shareholders, the bearish chart is certainly frustrating. Not only is Apple raking in more profits than ever, its valuation fundamentals, including PE ratio, PEG and P/FCF, all indicate that the stock is a much better value than its high-flying large tech peers.

What To Watch For

From a technical perspective, shareholders should be watching the two key support levels indicated by the green lines in the chart below.

The first line represents the $102-$105 level that, aside from the August flash crash, has served as short-term support going back to late 2014. If Apple falls below that support level, it will likely re-test the $92 level where it found support during the flash crash and several times in the second half of 2014.

Apple bulls could breathe a sigh of relief if the stock can climb above $123 and re-test $132, but a move that sizable would likely require a major catalyst and/or several months of positive momentum.

Disclosure: the author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Posted-In: Technicals Movers & Shakers Previews Top Stories After-Hours Center Movers Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 17 incredible facts you probably didn't know about Apple Apple was founded on April 1   April Fool's Day   in 1976. It wasn't until 2011's posthumous biography "Steve Jobs" that we found out where it got its name: Turns out, Steve Jobs had been on a "fruitarian" kick and just really liked apples.

Apple had a third cofounder named Ronald Wayne, who left the company less than a year later in 1977. Wayne designed the company's first logo, seen below. He ended up selling Jobs and Wozniak his stake in Apple for $800.

Apple's first computer, the Apple 1, was actually a "do-it-yourself" kit that required people to build their own case. It retailed for an extremely devilish $666.66.

If you had bought 100 shares of Apple stock for $22 each at its 1980 IPO, it would be worth around $600,000 today   before dividends. Those calculations come from Forbes.

In the early 1980s, Steve Jobs led the design of the Apple Lisa, the first computer with a graphical user interface. It flopped due to its high price.

Apple's famous "1984" commercial, introducing the first Macintosh computer, which aired during January 1984's Super Bowl XVIII, was directed by Ridley Scott   the same man who also directed "Alien," "Blade Runner," and "The Martian."

The rivalry between Steve Jobs and Bill Gates began in 1983, when Microsoft bailed on making Macintosh software after it revealed its own Microsoft Windows operating system   a direct competitor to the Mac.

In 1985, Steve Jobs tried to rally Apple's board to oust Apple CEO John Sculley. Instead, the board voted to strip Jobs of all of his responsibility. Jobs ended up quitting to start his own company, NeXT.

In the '80s and '90s, facing continually shrinking Mac sales, Apple tried making everything from digital cameras, like the Apple QuickTake, ...

... to video game consoles, like the Apple Pippin, ...

... to clothing lines. Seriously.

When Steve Jobs came back to Apple as CEO in 1997, the company was in such bad shape that his first Macworld keynote included the news that Microsoft was investing $150 million in the company   delivered by a gigantic video of Bill Gates towering over the assembly. "We need all the help we can get," Jobs said, to boos from the audience.

In fact, by 1997, Apple's financial situation was so dire that Dell CEO and founder Michael Dell, one of Microsoft's biggest partners, once said that if he were in Jobs' shoes, he'd "shut it down and give the money back to the shareholders."

But in early 1998, at yet another Macworld Expo in San Francisco, Jobs ended his keynote with the first of his soon-to-be ubiquitous "One More Thing" announcements: Thanks to Jobs' efforts in refocusing the company on the Mac, and Microsoft's help, Apple was finally profitable again.

One of Jobs' first acts as CEO was to ban pets on the Apple campus. In return, he gave employees better food in the cafe.

The "i" in 1998's "iMac" is for "Internet," since it originally took only two steps to connect to the web, in case you were wondering. But Apple has also said that it stands for "individuality" and "innovation." The naming scheme would stick around through the iPhone and iPad. Apple Inc. Shares Continue To Slide But Analysts Not Worried Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has earned multiple price target cuts of late as analysts reconsider their iPhone unit estimates for the next few quarters. Despite these cuts, most analysts aren t worried, even those who are forecasting a unit decline for the all-important holiday quarter. Not all of them are expecting a decline, however, as some are still looking for a new unit record for the December quarter.

Mobile phone unit shipments suggest good things for Apple

In a report dated Dec. 27, Stifel analyst Aaron Rakers and his team explained why they are confident about their strong iPhone unit estimates. They highlighted data on total mobile phone unit shipments from China s Henan and Shanghai provinces, which they see as important for Apple because the region is heavily dependent on the iPhone for their respective local economies. They believe these two provinces are Apple s biggest provinces in terms of total iPhone production.

For the December quarter, they re estimating that the company shipped 74.5 million iPhones, and they believe that the mobile phone shipment data backs up that estimate. Excluding China, they re expecting shipments in the mid-60 million range.

Slowdown in Apple s supply chain

What has spooked investors and concerned analysts recently have been signs of weakness in Apple s supply chain. Indeed, the data from November does suggest a significant slowdown in iPhone shipments, but that follows a very strong October and September. The Stifel team reminds investors that Apple planned to target more than 400 carriers this year with the iPhone 6s lineup   marking an increase of two times from last year s plan for the iPhone 6 lineup.

The analysts found a 10% increase in mobile phone exports from the Henan and Shanghai provinces in November on a U.S. dollar basis in November. This statistic follows a 15% year over year increase in October plus November mobile phone exports.

During the third quarter, total mobile phone exports increased 38% year over year, indicating that Apple was at least planning for a huge iPhone 6s cycle.

Signs of stability observed in Apple s supply chain

Looking month over month, mobile phone exports in November tumbled 26%, but September s month over month increase was 198%, while October s increase was 34%. November 2014 saw a month over month increase of 17%, compared to September 2014 s 212% and October 2014 s 24% increase. The Stifel team estimates that October and November make up about 70% of Apple s total December quarter iPhone shipments, then extrapolating a 9.5% year over year growth rate for iPhone shipments.

They add that historically, there has been a high correlation between these numbers and iPhone shipment estimates, which is why they reach their shipment estimate excluding China in the mid-60 million range.

That s a little higher than their estimate of 61.3 million, and then they assume about 13.4 million iPhones shipped within China (and thus not included in the export numbers.

Apple shares were down 1.01% at $106.94 per share as of this writing. Year to date, the stock is down by more than 3%, but at least for now, it looks like it will remain above $100 when the year ends later this week.

All graphs in this article are courtesy Stifel. 2 Reasons Apple Will Remain Undervalued in 2016 (AAPL) Complaining about how cheap shares of Apple Inc. (AAPL) continues to be relative to the broader S&P 500 (SPX) index is like arguing that water is wet. One can argue, given the resources at Apple's disposal, including some $206 billion in cash on the balance sheet, Apple shares deserve the status as the most-discounted stock on the market.

At around $108 today, Apple stock trades at around seven times fiscal 2016 EPS estimates of $9.74 a share, or 10 points below the S&P 500's projected earnings. If shares of the Cupertino, Calif-based tech giant traded on par with the rest of the market, they would be valued today at around $165 or some 52% higher. Add in another $81 billion in operating cash flow and it's easy to see why Apple deserve a higher multiple. Or does it?

Where's the Differentiation?

Note, consensus EPS estimates of $9.74 imply just a 5.6% year-over-year growth above 2015's actual earnings of $9.22. Microsoft Corp. (MSFT), meanwhile, is projected to grow earnings at a rate of 11.7%, based on EPS estimates of $2.75 for the fiscal year that ends June. And MSFT shares   around $55 today   trade at a forward P/E that is just three points above the S&P 500, yet crushed the index by delivering some 20% gains to its shareholders.

Not to mention that Microsoft pays a 36-cent quarterly dividend that yields 2.66% annually, compared to 1.96% yield for Apple. By my estimation, while Microsoft shares my seem pricey when compared to Apple, the benefits it offers are more than offset any risk in its premium. By contrast, thanks to multiple channel checks and supplier checks that suggest slowing iPhone demand, analysts continue to lower their unit estimates and price targets for Apple shares. When estimates are on the decline, the stock will remain under pressure.

Buy Something, Already

Apple has too much cash. Indeed, this would be a welcome problem for many businesses and investors. At the same time, it's also one of Apple's biggest shortcomings. That cash is worth less each year it remains un-invested on the balance sheet. Apple needs to make a splash through M&A in 2016 to make analysts forget about slowing iPhone growth. In that vein, with iPhones accounting for two-thirds of Apple's revenue and the bulk of its profits, it's a risky proposition to assign Apple shares with a higher P/E, especially when one earnings miss can send the shares tumbling.

And here's the thing: Apple is approaching periods of much tougher quarterly comparisons. For the upcoming January quarter it needs to exceed 75 million iPhone units and $75 billion in revenue. Current quarter revenue projections are $77.12 billion, suggesting just 3.4% growth, while full-year estimates of $242.39 billion implies growth of 3.7%. This explains the clamor for Apple to buy GoPro Inc. (GPRO) or Tesla Motors (TSLA) or fill-in-the-blank. But given Apple's aversion   some might say stubbornness   towards large acquisitions, don't hold your breath.

The Bottom Line

While Apple stock is and may continue to be a safe haven for investors, Apple also remains a great source of frustration. And with some analysts suggesting its shares could reach a low of $90 in 2016, implying a drop of more than 16% from current levels, Apple   cheap or not   is no longer the no-brainer investment it was deemed to be by activist investor Carl Icahn. 
2015-08-12
Apple Inc.'s iPhone 6s: How Great Will the A9 Chip Really Be? If BuzzFeed is to be believed, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next generation iPhone -- widely referred to as the iPhone 6s -- will be unveiled in a little under a month and will go on sale shortly after that. Soon, consumers and investors alike will know just about everything that there is to know about the upcoming phones as benchmarks and teardowns will certainly abound.

Ahead of the iPhone 6s launch, I'd like to give my final predictions of the specifications of Apple's next generation system-on-chip, likely to be known as the A9.

Two cores, or three?

Many smartphone applications processor vendors now include anywhere from four-to-eight processor cores in their chip designs. However, Apple's designs since the A5 have featured just two cores.

That being said, Apple's cores tend to offer greater performance than competing cores. Given that very few mobile applications (outside of artificial benchmarks) can take full advantage of a bunch of cores, Apple's approach seems superior.

It stands to reason, then, that the A9 will yet again pack two cores. That doesn't mean that performance can't go dramatically up; indeed, the expected migration from TSMC's (NYSE:TSM) 20-nanometer manufacturing process used to bake the A8 to 14/16-nanometer foundry processes from Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) and TSMC, respectively, should allow Apple to deliver higher peak and sustained clock frequencies, delivering better performance.

Additionally, Apple has generally made yearly improvements to its CPU designs to allow the chip to do more work per clock cycle. It seems more than likely that this trend will continue with the A9.

When all is said and done, a combination of higher frequencies and improved micro-architecture should lead to a pretty impressive boost in CPU performance.

A next generation graphics processor

Apple has long licensed graphics processor intellectual property from Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF), and there's very little reason to expect that to change with the A9.

Imagination announced its Series 7XT graphics IP late last year and claimed some pretty significant architectural enhancements compared to the Series 6XT design utilized in the Apple A8.

In fact, in an Imagination marketing slide comparing a Series 6XT graphics processor with a Series 7XT graphics processor running at the same clock frequency, Imagination claims anywhere from 35% to 61% performance uplift in three "industry standard" performance tests.

With the move to the more advanced manufacturing technology, the A9 should see increases in peak and sustained graphics clock frequency in addition to the architectural enhancements intrinsic to the Series 7XT graphics processor designs.

In the A7 and A8 processors, Apple opted for four "cluster" configurations of Imagination's Series 6 and Series 6XT graphics processors, respectively. For die area, and ultimately cost, reasons, it doesn't seem likely that Apple will move to a larger graphics configuration with the A9.

Brand new image signal processor

Rumors suggest that Apple will deliver substantial improvements to the camera subsystems in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, with one of the major improvements being a move to a 12 megapixel sensor.

In order to accommodate a major improvement in camera performance and features, I believe the A9 will include a substantially overhauled image signal processing block on die -- potentially the largest generation-over-generation leap in this area yet.

Lots more memory bandwidth

This year, Apple is expected to move from LPDDR3 used in both the iPhone 5s and 6 to newer LPDDR4 memory. This technology promises better energy efficiency and substantially improved memory bandwidth.

This increased memory bandwidth should allow Apple to scale up the performance of its CPU, graphics, and other subsystems without having any of them "starved" for memory bandwidth. In a nutshell, improvements in memory technology should allow Apple to deliver the full benefits of the A9 processor to customers.

Expecting a leadership applications processor

Apple has consistently delivered applications processors that provide leadership performance among all smartphone applications processor solutions, and given how aggressive the company has been in building out world class chip design teams, I don't expect this to change with the A9.

In fact, I'm going to take my prediction a step further: not only will the A9 deliver best-in-class performance, I believe there is a strong chance that it will deliver the biggest generation-over-generation jump in terms of applications processor performance from Apple. 
2015-09-17
Tim Cook: Apple, Inc. is Killing it in China At $116, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock may not be the same buying opportunity it was in late August when shares traded close to $100, but about $19 below its all-time high, and with shares trading at a meaningful discount to the S&P 500, the stock is still looking tasty. Indeed, some of the very concerns that may be keeping the stock suppressed are arguably overdone -- specifically, worries about Apple's waning growth potential for Apple's iPhone business in China.

Enter Apple CEO Tim Cook: The one person who would know best about Apple's struggles in China seems to be the most bullish on the company's potential in the country.

During Apple's September event, the CEO described iPhone sales around the globe as growing "by leaps and bounds." China, specifically, is among its hottest markets, with iPhone sales in the country soaring 75%, year over year, during the last quarter, Cook said, noting this growth easily trumps a 4% decline in year-over-year sales for the rest of the industry's performance in the country.

"But this data is from the second calendar quarter," some critics may protest, "What about demand for iPhone in China today?" iPhone continues to be a blockbuster hit in China, according to the most recent data provided by Apple -- data which was collected after China's decision to devalue its currency.

"Growth in iPhone activations has actually accelerated over the past few weeks," Cook said in a public letter to CNBC's Mad Money TV host and investor Jim Cramer on August 24. The bullish note from Cook came just as Apple stock was trading around $103, and probably at a time when the company was spending billions of dollars repurchasing its own shares.

"I continue to believe that China represents an unprecedented opportunity over the long term," Cook said later in the letter.

Apple in China: What's next?

Probably more solid growth. Apple has two near-term catalysts working in its favor for iPhone sales in China.

1. An iPhone launch in China. Last year, China was notably absent from the launch countries for iPhone. The phone didn't launch in the world's largest smartphone market until October 17 -- about a month after it launched in the U.S. But this year the company is bringing its latest iPhone model to China on the same day it will be available in stores in the U.S.: September 25.

And the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus look poised to be a winning duo in China. Given the current hot streak for Apple's iPhone 6 and 6 Plus line, which marked the tech giant's first foray into phablet territory, in China, Apple is just adding fuel to the fire with the improved versions of the same form factor.

2. Plenty of room for further LTE penetration. The greatest driver for Apple's iPhone success in China has been the country's growing 4G penetration. This massive catalyst started gaining steam in January 2014 when Apple launched its first iPhone with the world's largest carrier, China Mobile, alongside the carrier's aggressive rollout of its 4G network.

Since January 2014, the China's biggest wireless carrier's 4G customers have soared from zero to 209 million. Going forward, the opportunity for further 4G penetration remains enormous. China Mobile currently has 210 million 3G customers.

China may be up against some formidable headwinds. But Apple looks poised to continue charging hard amid these challenges. Apple Wins Ruling to Force Samsung to Change Phones, Tablets Apple Inc. won a court ruling that may force Samsung Electronics Co. to stop using some features in its older-model Galaxy smartphones and tablets and gives the iPhone maker a leg up in the four-year-old dispute.

A U.S. appeals court said Apple was entitled to a narrow order that prevents the Korean device maker from using Apple s slide-to-unlock, autocorrect and quicklinks features. Ruling otherwise would eliminate patent rights of inventors of certain features in multicomponent devices, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in Washington said in an opinion posted on its electronic docket.

The decision could have far-reaching consequences in how disputes are resolved when it comes to complex devices, and help patent owners limit copying by rivals. The ability to block use of an invention is a powerful tool that increases the price tag when negotiating settlements.

 It s an important precedent for Apple and any company that seeks to protect product differentiation,  said Nick Rodelli, who heads CFRA Legal Edge, a New York-based forensic accounting and legal research firm.  This broadens their moat here in the U.S. and makes it more difficult for new entrants to come into the U.S. market and rip off Apple s features. 

Samsung said it would ask that the issue be considered by all active judges of the Federal Circuit, since it was a split decision. The court handles all patent appeals.

Older Models

The iPhone maker gains additional firepower with its biggest rival when it comes to resolving a fight that began in April 2011. A past Apple settlement with HTC Corp. included a  no cloning  provision that ensured HTC s phones didn t look too similar to the iPhone, and the ruling Thursday helps do the same to other makers, like China s Xiaomi Corp., that want to enter the U.S. market.

For Samsung, the ruling applies to older models including the Galaxy S2 and Note 2 that have been superseded by current devices such as the S6. It is thus unlikely to have a significant impact on the company s business, said Lee Jae Yun, an analyst at Yuanta Securities Korea Co.

Samsung s shares climbed 2.9 percent to 1,190,000 million won in Seoul on Friday, while the benchmark Kospi index rose 1 percent.

 The remaining litigation looks rather symbolic and I don t expect the court rulings on older models would have a significant impact on Samsung s business,  said Jeong Woo Sung, a patent lawyer at Lim & Jeong Patent Law Firm in Seoul.

Trial Verdict

Apple won a $119.6 million jury verdict in May 2014 against Samsung, which was found to have infringed its patents for the slide-to-unlock, autocorrect and quicklinks features. Even so, the trial judge declined to force Samsung to remove them from its mobile phones, saying monetary damages would be adequate.

Apple argued that, if it weren t able to control use of its inventions, it may lose market share and its reputation as an innovator.

 The right to exclude competitors from using one s property rights is important,  the Federal Circuit ruled in a 2-1 decision.  And the right to maintain exclusivity -- a hallmark and crucial guarantee of patent rights deriving from the Constitution itself -  is likewise important. 

Samsung Backers

Google Inc., HTC, LG Electronics Inc. and Rackspace Hosting Inc. were among companies backing Samsung in its arguments. They argued that a victory for Apple could allow a patent owner  to unfairly leverage its patent for competitive gain. 

The specific features had some impact on customer decisions to buy products, and that should be considered when determining whether to block use of an invention, the court said. In her dissent, Chief Judge Sharon Prost said Apple must show that the features drove sales from Apple to Samsung before it could block a product.

Samsung told the appeals court in March that none of its current models use two of the patents, and only a single product still has the autolink feature, so it will undergo no hardship, the court ruled.

 We want to reassure our millions of loyal customers that all of our flagship smartphones, which are wanted and loved by American consumers, will remain for sale and available for customer service support in the U.S.,  said Danielle Meister Cohen, a Samsung spokeswoman.

She said Samsung has its own history of innovation.

Newer Versions

Apple can go back and argue to the trial judge that Samsung s newer versions still infringe the patents, setting up yet more legal debates between the two.

 The public generally does not benefit when that competition comes at the expense of a patentee s investment-backed property right,  Circuit Judge Kimberly Moore wrote for the majority.  This is not a case where the public would be deprived of Samsung s products. Apple does not seek to enjoin the sale of lifesaving drugs, but to prevent Samsung from profiting from the unauthorized use of infringing features in its cellphones and tablets. 

Samsung is appealing the underlying infringement verdict as well; that case is pending before the Federal Circuit.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Apple won an earlier case against Samsung over the design of the iPhone which it said was copied. The Federal Circuit in May upheld $548 million worth of damages in that case. A partial trial must be held to determine the exact amount. In a Sept. 11 filing with the court in San Francisco, both sides said they were willing to work with a mediator to resolve the case, with Apple going so far as to suggest binding arbitration.

The case ruled on today is Apple Inc. v. Samsung Electronics Inc., 14-1802, U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit (Washington). The lower court case is Apple v. Samsung, 12cv630, U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (San Jose). Apple acquires mapping analytics start-up Mapsense Apple Inc. has acquired a mapping analytics company that could help bolster its navigational and automotive capabilities.

Apple reportedly paid from $25 million to $30 million for Mapsense, a San Francisco start-up, according to the technology news site Re/code, which first reported the deal.

Apple confirmed the deal in a statement.



"Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not discuss our purpose or plans," the company said.

The Cupertino, Calif. maker of the iPhone has long been rumored to be interested in building its own cars. It has also made investments to try and improve its Map app, including the 2013 acquisition of HopStop, which helps users navigate municipal transit systems.

Mapsense was founded in 2013 and had raised $2.5 million in two rounds of funding from investors that include Amplify.LA and Redpoint Ventures, according to CrunchBase.

The company is equipped to analyze billions of digitally connected devices streaming location data.

 Mapsense's platform and developer tools help organizations quickly ingest and analyze billions of rows of location data to make more intelligent, locally targeted business decisions across the organization,  the company s website says.

Technology companies have increasingly focused on mapping data. In June, Uber acquired about 100 employees from Microsoft s Bing to aid its mapping technology.

Follow @dhpierson for tech news. 
2015-03-28
3 Things Apple Inc's Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Wants You To Know Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) co-founder Steve Wozniak may not be quite the revered figure that the deceased Steve Jobs has become, but when he talks about his former company people listen.

It's not always easy to get "The Woz" to chat about the company he helped build, but the newly permanent Australian resident spoke at length recently to The Australian Financial Review. In the far-ranging interview, the one-time Dancing with the Stars contestant offered his opinion on the Apple Watch, spoke at length about how the company should approach the auto market, and shared his thoughts on how computers may one day rule over us all.

Apple needs a car

Wozniak told AFR that he believes Apple needs to do more than just build technology for cars. He thinks that in order for the company to grow in any meaningful way, it needs to build a full-fledged automobile.

"I don't know if Apple's doing that, or if they're just working on their CarPlay apps for the dashboard of your car, but it seems like they might be hiring a lot of people who could really build a vehicle," Wozniak told the publication. "There are an awful lot of companies right now who are playing with electric cars and there's a lot more playing with self-driving cars, this is the future and it might be huge ... there are so many openings here and it is perfect territory for a company like Apple."

Apple has not announced plans to produce a car, but it has been hiring experienced auto industry executives and has lured a number of employees from Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:AAPL), the current leader in electric vehicles.

The Watch is a tough sell

While Wozniak is sold on an Apple car, he's less certain on the company's about-to-launch watch. In general, he seemed not quite convinced that any watch was worth his long-term commitment. He told AFR that he had experimented with watches from other companies, but has not found one "wrist-worthy" once the novelty wore off.

Though Woz has his doubts about all watches, he made it very clear to the publication that he would be buying the entry level Apple Watch upon its release. He was't critical of the people who would spend $10,000 or more for the high-end versions of the watch, but it clearly is not for him.

"If you buy the really high-priced ones, the jewellery ones, then you're not buying a smartwatch that has a bunch of apps ... Like a Rolex watch, you're buying if for prestige and a label and a symbol of who you are," Wozniak said. "The fact is the difference between a $10,000 watch and a $17,000 dollar watch is only the band, and for an engineer like me I don't live in that world, that's not my world."

Wozniak did leave the door open a tiny bit, telling AFR that the pricey version was not entirely out of the question.

"I'm just not going to buy it for jewellery's sake until I know it's something I'm going to want around me and on me and use every single day continually as a permanent part of my life," he said. "Then maybe I'd consider looking into getting the nicer jewellery version."

Computers may supersede humans

Though he is unsure about the prospects of the Apple Watch, Wozniak believes firmly in the power of technology. In fact, he made it clear that he thinks computers will someday be calling the shots.

"Computers are going to take over from humans, no question," Wozniak said.

He admitted to not knowing quite what the future holds, but he shared a pretty bleak view of it.

"Like people including Stephen Hawking and Elon Musk have predicted, I agree that the future is scary and very bad for people. If we build these devices to take care of everything for us, eventually they'll think faster than us and they'll get rid of the slow humans to run companies more efficiently," Wozniak said. "Will we be the gods? Will we be the family pets? Or will we be ants that get stepped on?" 
2015-02-02
Apple promises $2 billion command center in Mesa CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Apple will establish a command center for its global operations in Mesa.

Apple Inc. will establish a command center for its global operations in Mesa at the same location a glass supplier abandoned, promising a $2-billion investment over the next 30 years, state officials will announce this afternoon. (Photo: Parker Leavitt/The Republic) Story Highlights The east Mesa center is expected create 150 full-time jobs for Apple

It could generate from 300 to 500 construction and trade jobs when the facility at Signal Butte Road is built out

The revived facility will cover 1.3 million square feet and operate using solar power, the Governor's Office said

Apple Inc. will establish a command center for its global data networks in Mesa, promising to invest $2 billion over 10 years at a facility where grand visions have fizzled twice before.

The east Mesa center is expected to create 150 full-time Apple jobs and could generate up to 500 construction and trade jobs, while the facility at Signal Butte and Elliot roads is configured for its latest role. As part of the deal, Apple is expected to build and finance solar projects that provide enough energy to power more than 14,000 Arizona homes.

Tempe-based First Solar Inc. built the plant and planned to employ about 600 workers there but never fully occupied it. Next came GT Advanced Technologies Inc., a sapphire-glass supplier to Apple. That company filed for bankruptcy last year and has been moving out of the 1.3 million-square-foot building, which Apple owns.

BIG NEWS: #Apple making $2 billion investment in our state. First #SB49, now this. Arizona is open for business! http://t.co/pPunvL7Wjf.   Doug Ducey (@dougducey) February 2, 2015

The project, announced Monday by Gov. Doug Ducey, will bring significantly fewer permanent jobs than the number touted by planners of the ill-fated glass-manufacturing plant. Still, the latest plans directly involve Apple and could serve as an anchor for a tech corridor Mesa officials are trying to assemble.

RELATED: Apple supplier to lay off 727 employees at Mesa plant

OPINION: Message received: Doug Ducey is a deal-closer

Ducey hailed Apple's move as confirmation of the state's business-friendly environment and the product of a more nimble government that "moves at the speed of business."

"We think the fact that the most successful company in the history of America has chosen the state of Arizona for its largest investment is an exclamation point on the direction we're headed," Ducey said. "We're excited about it, and there's more to come."

CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Raw Video: Gov. Ducey announces Apple Inc. facility coming to Mesa

As is its practice, Apple had no officials on hand for the announcement. A Mesa spokesman described the command center as akin to a warehouse for Apple's digital services, like iTunes digital music and iCloud data storage.

Ducey offered little detail on what incentives Apple could receive as part of the deal, but he did say the $10 million previously offered by the Arizona Commerce Authority was not part of the latest deal. Ducey indicated Apple could seek incentives such as job-training tax credits, and the plant site is designated as part of a foreign-trade zone, which carries lower taxes.

GLASS SUPPLIER SHUTS: Mesa plant setbacks put company in Wall Street spotlight

FIRST SOLAR LEAVES: Mesa poised to fill vacancy left by First Solar

FIRST SOLAR'S SPLASH: First Solar picks Mesa for big plant

"We're building on the work of what was done before us," Ducey told reporters. "I think what you'll see with this deal is you will see a better investment, a bigger commitment with a longer time frame.

"We're working within the framework of the existing law, and Apple is welcome to participate in that," he continued. "Whether it's Apple or a newcomer that's just starting, or whether it's a company like the story last week with Uber and Lyft that's got unnecessary regulation on them, we are going to clear the pathway to be the most entrepreneurial, most innovative state in the country."

Mesa Mayor John Giles called the announcement great news for the city, which will get a bigger Apple corporate presence.

"The iCloud will be hovering right over Mesa, Arizona," Giles said. "I couldn't imagine a better ending to this story."

Giles said he likes the new deal better than the previous one, involving GT Advanced Technologies, because it involves Apple directly, not a subcontractor. The jobs will be higher-paying, and the long-term outlook is more stable, he said.

Apple is valued at about $700 billion, easily the most among U.S. publicly traded companies.

Among the details that remained unclear Monday was what Apple intends to do to meet its apparent promise of a 70-megawatt clean-energy supply. Salt River Project, the utility serving that area, has not announced any new solar-power plants for Apple. Some companies buy credits from remote solar- or wind-powered plants that are exchanged with other fossil-fuel-burning utilities that actually power the companies' needs.

"We are working with them to identify sustainable resources that meet their (electricity) load requirements," SRP spokesman Scott Harelson said Monday. "That could include new projects."

Mesa is not providing an incentive to Apple but had previously expedited infrastructure projects to prepare for the original First Solar development, Mesa spokesman Steve Wright said.

Ducey made the announcement flanked by the Republican leadership in the House and Senate and with Giles at his side. Conspicuously absent and unmentioned was Sen. Bob Worsley, R-Mesa, who worked on efforts in 2013 to bring Apple to Mesa and last year sponsored a bill that would have given Apple a $5 million tax credit if it installed $300 million worth of renewable energy.

Sen. Steve Farley, D-Tucson, welcomed Apple but said he worries about the lack of specifics on how the state landed the deal.

"Economic development isn't just a matter of a low-tax climate. Economic development means you have people who are trained properly to actually be able to do the jobs that you are encouraging companies to come here and take advantage of," Farley said. "We deserve to have a well-balanced economic-development climate, and that means funding our schools, fixing our roads and balancing our budget. It doesn't mean giving away more tax incentives."

Apart from the particulars of the deal, Apple's renewed interest in Arizona could signal the new governor has assured the company he would not support legislation like last year's controversial Senate Bill 1062. Ducey fielded few questions before leaving his news conference. His aides offered no details.

Reach reporter Mary Jo Pitzl at maryjo.pitzl@arizonarepublic.com or @maryjpitzl.

Gov. Ducey's press conference on Apple command center in Mesa

Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/1Dy0SxY Apple Plans $5 Billion Bond Sale; Fourth Since 2013 Apple Inc. sold $6.5 billion in bonds, after boosting the deal by 30 percent, in the iPhone maker s fourth major debt offering in the past two years as it preserves its overseas cash hoard.

The company sold the securities in five parts, with the longest portion maturing in 30 years, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. The deal will be used for stock repurchases, dividend payments and debt repayments, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

Apple has issued the equivalent of $39 billion of bonds since April 2013, when it sold $17 billion in what at the time was the biggest corporate-bond offering ever. The Cupertino, California-based company s previous debt deal was a sale of 2.8 billion euros ($3.17 billion) in November that allowed it to fund shareholder rewards without using cash from abroad that would be subject to U.S. repatriation taxes.

 The company is building on the momentum of a strong past couple of weeks,  Jody Lurie, a corporate credit analyst at Janney Montgomery Scott LLC in Philadelphia, which manages $61 billion in assets, said in a telephone interview.  They are being advantageous with the current environment. 

Bond Yields

The company issued $2 billion of 3.45 percent 30-year notes at a yield of 125 basis points more than similar-dated Treasuries, Bloomberg data show. That s more than the relative yield of 100 basis points the company paid on 30-year bonds in the April 2013 offering.

The shortest maturity portions included $1.25 billion of 1.55 percent five-year bonds that yielded 42 basis points more than comparable Treasuries. A basis point is 0.01 percentage point.

Steve Dowling, a spokesman for Apple, didn t respond to a telephone call and e-mail seeking comment on the offering.

The borrowing comes after Apple posted a 30 percent jump in fiscal first quarter revenue to $74.6 billion on Jan. 27, its largest sales increase in three years. Net income rose 38 percent to a record $18 billion.

Apple s bonds have returned 13.6 percent since the start of last year, outperforming the 10.3 percent gain in debt of similarly rated companies, and more than quadruple the 3.2 percent return on speculative-grade bonds, according to Bank of America Merrill Lynch Indexes

 The borrowing is a bullish signal in the confidence of their business,  said Michael Walkley, an analyst at Canaccord Genuity Inc. in Minneapolis.  A debt offering is about the sustainability of providing strong long-term cash flows, and taking advantage of attractively priced financing. 

Buy Backs

Billionaire activist investor Carl Icahn in October renewed his pressure on Apple to accelerate buying back company stock, saying its shares are undervalued and should be at $203. That d give Apple a market capitalization of more than $1 trillion. Apple s shares closed at $118.63 in New York today.

Apple announced an increase its capital return program to $100 billion in April 2013, including share buybacks and dividends. The company raised it by $30 billion in April last year along with a boost to the dividend and split of its stock 7-for-1.

Apple ended December with about $178 billion in cash and marketable securities, according to a company statement on Jan. 27.

 We have now taken action on almost $103 billion of our $130 billion capital return program including $73 billion in share repurchases with four quarters remaining to its completion,  Luca Maestri, Apple chief financial officer, told analysts during a conference call Jan. 27, adding the company plans to announce an update to the program in April.

Investment-grade bond yields have fallen to 2.93 percent, below the 3.49 percent average of the past five years, according to a Bank of America Merrill Lynch index, as the yield on the 10-year Treasury note, a benchmark for everything from corporate bonds to mortgages, has fallen to 1.66 percent this year, near the lowest levels since 2013.

 Apple is getting attractive terms,  Mike Buchanan, Pasadena, California-based head of global credit at Western Asset, said in a telephone interview.  The demand for high quality will continue to encourage companies to tap the market.  Apple, Inc. Stock Reaches a New High -- 3 Reasons Not to Sell If you were watching closely on Friday, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock hit a new all-time high: $120. Adjusted for Apple's most recent stock split, that's $840. The new high was propelled by its record fiscal 2015 Q1 results on Tuesday, which exceeded analyst expectations. While some Apple shareholders may be tempted to take their gains with the stock up 67% in the past 12 months, investors should think twice before they cash out.

Here are three reasons not to sell Apple Stock.

1. Apple's valuation is still conservative.

Before Apple reported first-quarter results, the tech giant's price-to-earnings ratio with the stock at $120 would have been 18.5 -- fairly conservative for a profitable cash cow with growing revenue and earnings. But after taking into account the company's 48% quarterly EPS growth in Q1, Apple's new P/E at $120 is now 16.2. Measured by price-to-earnings ratio, therefore, the stock's 5% jump this week was definitely justified.

Further, at just 16.2 times earnings, Apple stock is starting to look cheap again. Not only is this a low P/E multiple in relation to the recent growth in intrinsic value per share, but it puts Apple well below the average P/E of the broader S&P 500 index, which has a P/E of 19.8.

Of course, there are other ways to look at valuation beyond P/E. Take your pick: price to sales, price to free cash flow, price to forward earnings -- Apple stock is priced conservatively no matter how you slice it.

2. Repurchases alone will grow EPS meaningfully.

A large part of Apple's EPS growth in recent quarters can be attributed to the company's aggressive share repurchases. To identify the portion of EPS growth attributable to reduced share count between Q1 of 2014 and Q1 of 2015, compare Apple's 48% year-over-year EPS growth to the smaller 38% net income growth Apple reported for the quarter. Ten percentage points of Apple's 48% growth, therefore, can be attributed to share repurchases.

Looking back over every quarter in the past year, there's a similar trend. Apple's share repurchase program alone is boosting earnings by about 8% to 10% every quarter.

Going forward, Apple may very well choose to increase the amount it is spending on share repurchases every quarter. Why not? Apple's cash hoard is at an all-time high of $178 billion, and the company raked in a record $59.7 billion in free cash flow in the last 12 months.

3. Apple's current valuation doesn't include the Apple Watch.

With the Apple Watch just around the corner, investors are beginning to ponder the device's potential. While it's undoubtedly too early to know just how much upside the new device can bring to Apple's business, the company's historical record of launching new products suggests that it's likely that the device will bring at least some upside. But any upside the Apple Watch brings to the company's financials would basically be a bonus. Apple's conservative valuation isn't pricing in any potential beyond Apple's current product lines.

Could the Apple Watch really add enough value to make a difference anyway? That's tough to say. There are certainly bullish bets on the Apple Watch. One analyst predicts sales of the device will boost Apple's gross profit by almost 5% in fiscal 2015.

The best part about Apple Watch is that, considering Apple's loyal customer base, any negative outcome is very unlikely. On the other hand, any positive outcome isn't priced in -- making accretive earnings from the Apple Watch just icing on the cake. 
2015-09-11
Three Alternative Ways To Trade Apple This week Apple, Inc. (ticker: AAPL) held their annual event to unveil new products, services including hints of future goodies to come. By most accounts Apple and CEO, Tim Cook, did not disappoint. The company announced an expanded and upgraded suite of mobile products, operating system tweaks and accessories. For financial markets, the question is how to trade Apple now that the dust is starting to settle on these product announcements.

Apple is the most commonly held stock amongst U.S. retail investors. It has a market capitalization of over $650 billion. This is important because as AAPL goes, so does the collective mood of the markets. Because indices like the S&P 500 are market capitalization indices, the largest companies have an outsized effect on the performance of the indices. In simple terms, when AAPL sells off, markets are more likely to go into an overall  risk off  mode.

There are currently 40 brokers that cover AAPL. The bias is clearly positive with nary a bulge bracket broker daring to suggest selling the most cherished of U.S. companies. This long bias has been rewarded.

Apple s stock is up 12% over the past year while the S&P 500 is down 1.4% during that same time period. In 2015, AAPL is up 3.2% while the S&P is down 5.0%. Clearly, the long positions have won out when considering that AAPL is up 1285% over the past ten years!

This article is about ways to trade Apple that are not simply going long/short the stock, so forget about that historical performance for the sake of this read. How does accomplish that? Although there are many obvious ways to gain altenative exposures to Apple, the three most interesting and economically viable may be: 1) Apple corporate bond trades; 2) long positions/short positions of Apple suppliers; and, 3) pair trades with Apple competitors.

Apple has bonds outstanding and those purchasing in the new issue market have been amply rewarded over the past several years. In fact, only yesterday, Apple announced that it would issue bonds in the Eurozone. This particular issuance is for an amount of up to  1 billion with a yield of 2.0% for twelve year maturities and a yield of 1.375% for nine year maturities. Apple also has Japanese Yen denominated bonds and multiple issues of U.S. Dollar bonds.

Here are some trade ideas related to Apple Bonds: 
2015-09-08
Apple seems keen on Elk Grove expansion 0:34

Google Maps' revival of 'Ms. Pac-Man' provides retro way to play - no fooling The New Stock Titan of 2015 Isn't Apple Last year, failing to own Apple Inc. was the most painful mistake a U.S. equity fund manager could have made. This year, that distinction goes to Amazon.com Inc.

Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter.

Up 67 percent in 2015 as of its last close, the online retailer has contributed the most to mitigating losses in the Standard & Poor s 500 Index this year. Amazon s ascent has been aided not just by Apple s misfortunes, but by its perceived haven status at a time when investors want nothing to do with emerging markets. The company, which gets 57 percent of its revenue from North America, is less exposed to global growth than its peers.

 Nervous investors are looking to shift money from Apple, and for lack of new ideas, they re crowding into Amazon,  said Hugh Grieves, a London-based fund manager at Miton Group, who runs the firm s U.S. Opportunities Fund.  There is also an element of fund managers with an S&P 500 benchmark feeling as though they must own these stocks or else they are at risk of chronic underperformance. 

In five of the past six years, as the S&P 500 more than doubled, Apple ranked as the No. 1 driver of the index. It has now given up most of its 2015 gains, and energy producers Exxon Mobil Corp. and Chevron Corp. have plunged, contributing 18 percent of the S&P 500 s losses. That s made the benchmark measure one of the worst performers out of 24 developed equity markets this year.

Amazon climbed 1.9 percent as of 9:50 a.m. in New York, while Apple lost 0.3 percent.

Among funds that track their performance against the S&P 500 and manage at least $500 million in assets, those overweight Amazon -- meaning they hold more of the stock than its 1.1 percent makeup in the index -- lost an average 2.2 percent this year. That compares with a 4.5 percent decline for funds with a smaller stake, according to the latest regulatory filings compiled by Bloomberg.

Gains in the shares have made them expensive compared with its megacap Internet peers, trading at 71 times estimated earnings. Still, more than 80 percent of analysts surveyed by Bloomberg have a buy rating. After posting a surprise quarterly profit in July, Amazon surged 24 percent in that month while the S&P 500 rose 2 percent.

By contrast, Apple has tumbled amid heightened concern over iPhone demand in China, down 15 percent from a July 20 high. The company s profit is projected to increase 42 percent this year and 7 percent in 2016. Analysts see Amazon s earnings tripling this year. Sales in 2016 are forecast to climb 19 percent -- almost four times Apple s pace.

A spokesperson at Apple declined to comment, while e-mails and a voice message to Amazon s press office were not returned.

Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook will introduce new models of the iPhone Wednesday in San Francisco. Despite other products and services, the company has never been more dependent on the smartphone for revenue. People familiar with the matter say it may also introduce a bigger-screen iPad and an update to Apple TV.

Apple Moves Higher Ahead of iPhone Event

 In French, we say  Les arbres ne montent pas au ciel,   meaning trees don t grow to the sky, said Jacques Porta, a fund manager at Ofi Gestion Privee in Paris.  Following a phenomenal performance, it was difficult for Apple to keep up that trend. Amazon is less tied to global growth concerns but they need to show investors they can continue to increase profits.  The iPhone Generates More Revenue Than Google, eBay And Facebook Combined Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) investors are awaiting the company s highly-anticipated event this week and hoping that Tim Cook will surprise the world with a market-moving announcement. It s widely speculated that the company will unveil the newest iPhone model this week, but many experts are becoming increasingly skeptical of the iPhone's ability to move Apple's share price.

iPhone Complacency

At this point, it seems that a large part of the world has been lulled into complacency when it comes to the iPhone. The incremental improvements from model to model don t generate the same type of excitement and buzz that they used to. In fact, fears about iPhone demand weakness in China are mostly to blame for Apple s recent dip from all-time highs of above $130 per share to below $95 per share during the height of the China fears.

The Numbers

The iPhone is no longer the  next big thing  in the tech world, and there s no question that its largest growth is likely behind it. The market has extremely high expectations for Apple, and it becomes easy to overlook just how dominant both Apple and the iPhone continue to be quarter after quarter.

Apple is the world s largest company by market cap, and the iPhone plays a huge role in that success. According to the most recent quarterly numbers, Apple generates more revenue from the iPhone alone than rivals such as Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) generate from their entire businesses. In fact, iPhone revenue is larger than the total combined revenues of eBay Inc (NASDAQ: EBAY), Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Google.

Takeaway

Apple has a high bar because of its history of consistently beating expectations. However, it s important for investors to remember that even if the iPhone 6s doesn t deliver Earth-shattering new technology this week, $31.4 billion in revenue per quarter (and growing) means that the iPhone will remain in a product class all by itself for years to come.

Posted-In: China iPhoneTop Stories Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-03-18
Apple Inc. Mimics Microsoft Corporation To Convert Android Users to iPhones Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is reportedly preparing to introduce a new program that lets consumers exchange non-Apple smartphones for gift cards toward the purchase of new iPhones. The trade-in service will be available to customers in the U.S., Canada, Europe, and Australia.

It's not an entirely new concept, since Apple previously offered trade-in gift cards for used iPhones and iPads, but it's the first time the company extended that offer to other companies' devices. Apple's obvious goal is to boost iPhone sales, but is the initiative -- which seemingly mimics Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) trade-in strategies -- even necessary?

Following in Microsoft's footsteps

In 2013, Microsoft launched trade-in plans targeting iPads, iPhones, and Android devices. Customers who traded in their devices received a prepaid card that could only be used to purchase Windows smartphones or tablets. Last year, Microsoft applied that same strategy to gaming consoles, offering $100 toward an Xbox One in exchange for a used Xbox 360 or Sony PlayStation 3.

Although those strategies appeared desperate, they boosted store traffic at Microsoft's brick-and-mortar stores. Speaking to Computerworld, NPD Group analyst Stephen Baker noted Microsoft's strategy was "clearly a marketing ploy," but that trade-in programs were still good "for getting people into stores."

Therefore, Apple's expansion of its trade-in plan could also benefit the company by driving more traffic to its brick-and-mortar stores. Apple recently said it had 453 stores worldwide, compared to 111 Microsoft Stores.

Does Apple need to do this?

Last quarter, iPhone unit sales surged 46% year over year, and Apple CEO Tim Cook claimed the iPhone 6 converted the highest number of Android users in the past three years, although he didn't disclose exact figures. According to Kantar Worldpanel ComTech, iOS momentarily topped Android in the U.S., Japan, and Australia at the end of 2014. In that context, Apple seems to be converting Android users well enough without offering any trade-ins.

But between December and January, the iPhone lost market share in every country Kantar covered except for China and Italy. During that period, Apple's share of the U.S. smartphone market slipped from 47.7% to 42.8%. That year-over-year decline is comparable to previous December to January figures, but cross-platform trade-ins could help Apple recover faster from that post-holiday hangover.

Offering cross-platform trade-ins could also discourage current owners of HTC and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) phones from upgrading to the One M9 and Galaxy S6, since trading in an older One M8 or Galaxy S5 should dramatically reduce the price of an iPhone 6.

How does Apple's trade-in plan compare to others?

Apple's program relies on algorithms from its partner, BrightStar, to calculate trade-in prices. However, Apple has trouble matching Amazon.com and Gazelle's offers for most of its own devices.

Apple Amazon Gazelle iPhone 5s, 16GB $175 $226 $175 iPhone 5c, 16GB $65 $115 $80 iPhone 5, 16GB $85 $121 $90 iPhone 4s, 16GB $35 $57 $50

Taking Apple credit certainly seems like the worst choice. Amazon and Gazelle also provide free shipping for trade-ins, and their customers are free to buy non-Apple products with the proceeds.

The only benefit of trading in a device at the Apple Store would be the instant gratification of trading in an old phone for a new iPhone. Therefore, if Apple is serious about converting more non-Apple users with this new trade-in plan, it should offer more competitive prices.

The bottom line

Apple's cross-platform trade-in plans might be imperfect, but they highlight the importance of converting customers from other operating systems.

The Android market is highly fragmented, and high-end market leaders like Samsung are being taken down by lower-end rivals such as Xiaomi. As the market for premium Android devices shrinks, those customers might eye the iPhone instead. That's why Apple is making it a little bit easier to make the switch. 
2015-07-08
3 Reasons I Own Apple Inc Stock Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock is the biggest position in my portfolio, and also one of the most profitable ones, since it has gained over 250% in the last five years. But investment decisions need to be based on forward-looking considerations, not past performance, and it's important to always keep looking ahead and maintain an up-to-date investment thesis.

With this in mind, let's take a look at the three main reasons I bought Apple in the first place, and whether these arguments are still valid.

1. Competitive strength

According to multiple sources, Apple is the most valuable brand in the world. Different publications and rankings such as Forbes, Interbrand, Brand Finance, and Brand Value consider Apple the most valuable brand in the planet. These kinds of rankings are always subjective to some degree; however, it's hard to argue against the idea that the Apple brand is major source of competitive advantage for the company.

Brand strength creates product differentiation and pricing power, which enables Apple to deliver above-average profitability for investors. Most competitors in the smartphone industry are aggressively cutting prices to sustain market share, while Apple delivered a $62 increase in the average selling price in its iPhone segment during the last quarter, to $659 per unit.

It takes a very special business to sustain growing prices in times when the rest of the industry is moving in the opposite direction, and this has powerful implications from a financial point of view. According to Strategy Analytics, Apple retained a gargantuan 89% of all smartphone industry operating profit during the fourth quarter of 2014.

2. Rock-solid financial performance

Apple has an immaculate balance sheet with nearly $194 billion in cash and investments, and only $44 billion in financial debt. This means the company has a gargantuan net cash position of $150 billion. The business is also generating tons of cash on a recurrent basis: Apple produced $52.8 billion in operating cash flow during the six-month period ending on March 28. After deducting $5.6 billion in capital expenditures, this leaves $47.2 billion in free cash flows during the period.

Sales jumped 27% year over year during the last quarter, and gross profit margin expanded from 39.3% of sales to 40.8% of revenue. The company is repurchasing stock at an impressive rate, from the inception of its capital-return program in August 2012 through this March, Apple has returned more than $80 billion to shareholders in the form of buybacks.

Earnings per share grew by a staggering 40% year over year during the last quarter; this was achieved on the back of strong sales growth, increasing profit margins, and share buybacks that reduce the amount of shares in circulation. Even assuming that growth will most likely slow down in the future, Apple's performance is nothing short of breathtaking considering the size of the business.

3. Convenient valuation

All this comes for a very reasonable price, Apple stock trades at a forward price to earnings ratio of nearly 13, a significant discount versus the average company in the S&P 500 index, and its forward price to earnings ratio is in the neighborhood of 18.

The main reason Apple trades at such a discount is arguably because the market is expecting a slowdown in iPhone sales as the industry matures over time. Almost 70% of Apple's total revenue came from the iPhone segment in the last quarter, and product concentration is a considerable source of risk to keep in mind.

iPhone unit sales grew by a vigorous 40% in the March quarter, with sales more than doubling in high-growth emerging markets such as Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, and Vietnam. Demand looks healthy across the board, and emerging markets should offer considerable room for growth in the years ahead. However, it's hard to tell for how long Apple can sustain this kind of performance through booming iPhone sales.

For this reason, new products and services such as Apple Music, Apple Pay, Apple Watch, and the revamped Apple TV are remarkably important to monitor. If Apple can diversify its revenue base and open new growth venues with these ventures, this could be a major plus in terms of reducing risks and providing more visibility to investors. Under such a scenario, Apple stock could deliver substantial gains and expand valuation levels. Meanwhile, the company could reduce its dependency on the iPhone.

Apple is priced for a considerable slowdown in growth. If this happens, it's already reflected in current valuation levels. On the other hand, if the company surprises with better-than forecast performance from the iPhone and successful new products in the coming years, this could drive big gains for investors. How Will The Chinese Stock Market Crash Affect Apple? Introduction

I urge investors to consider the potential consequences a stock market crash in China may have on Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) future revenues. This article is not intended to be sensationalistic or bombastic. Instead, I hope to start a discussion on a subject that may not have been considered in order to work towards a collective understanding. Apple has one of the largest cash reserves with over 194 Billion dollars, and Apple has one of the largest market caps at over 724 Billion dollars. Apple's powerhouse marketing strategies coupled with its deeply loyal fan base indicate it will easily survive a crash in a foreign market. With that being said, a steep market sell-off may indicate a deeper economic slowdown in China. Apple relies on the serious cashflows it receives from one of its largest growth markets. This slowdown could cause Chinese consumers to consider more affordable alternatives to real Apple products in order to save money. Apple could potentially lose ground in one of its most rapidly expanding markets, and ultimately this might hurt Apple's future growth.

A Chinese Crash

The Chinese stock market is in trouble. Over 700 companies, accounting for nearly 25% of market have stopped trading in order to "self preserve." Prices are in free fall, yet the trigger in China's crash is perplexing. Growth, while slowing, has seemed to stabilize. The recent crash has brought prices back to March levels, and the market is still up on the year. Other asset markets, however, are heating up. The banking sector seems calm as money markets rates remain low. Property continues to perform well. What is fascinating (and frightening) about the crash is how China has responded. Policy makers seem to have entered full-blown panic mode. Opposed to just cutting rates (a reasonable and often effective action under the right circumstances) Regulators capped short selling. Pension funds pledged to buy more stocks. The government suspended IPOs in order to restructure and revise stocks in an attempt to limit supply and drive up price. The apparent desperation may be a sign that officials foresee a looming economic catastrophe, and are trying to mitigate the damage before facing political and social upheaval. The most disturbing part of the crash is how Chinese policyholder have tried to assert their own influence over the market in a show of force. The desire to control behavior can be detrimental to the efficiency of a free-market economy. The push for economic intervention may result in inefficient measures taken to control losses that could worsen declining market conditions.

A Quick Analysis of Apple

Apple has outperformed expectations constantly since its inception. Currently priced at 124.20, Apple's EPS is at 8.06 and P/E multiple is at 15.50. Apple's 1.68 dividend yield also increases their attractiveness. As I mentioned earlier, Apple has strong cash reserves and continues to innovate new ways to market and sell its products. The most recent product, the Apple Watch, is an example of how Apple effectively repackages and markets old ideas in a bold and innovative way. Interestingly Smart Watches have existed since IBM's (NYSE:IBM) Watchpad in 2001. With 182.35 Billion dollars of revenue last year, Apple seems unstoppable at finding new markets to sell, innovate, and market its products.

Growing Chinese Demand

China has seen an explosion in demand for Apple products. With revenues increasing 70% year over year, China is now the third largest market for Apple products. Chinese revenues reached 16.1 Billion in Q1 alone, and based on current growth projections they will soon overtake Europe as the second largest market. Growth in Europe and America have remained steady at around 20 and 23 percent respectively. US revenues are massive with over 30 Billion in revenue in Q1, and Apple did an impressive 17.214 Billion in revenue in Europe. Apple's macro growth strategy is reliant on China. In fact, Apple's plan to sell gold plated phones is marketed directly at Chinese consumers.

Worst Case Scenario for China?

A crashing market in China may not be the end of the world for the Chinese economy. Chinese stocks represent 15% of total household financial assets, and 5% of total social financing. The subsequent reaction by political leaders in China, however, indicate the roots of potentially larger economic collapse. The housing boom may indicate unwillingness to invest in the markets, but rather to rely on a on real estate holdings instead. The current market reaction could further push China closer to a housing bubble that many believe has been a long time coming.

Worst Case Scenario for Apple?

The worst case scenario for Apple is that China collapses. Perhaps the slowdown has been indicative of a larger decline that has been growing for awhile, but the Chinese government may have been able to mask its full extent. In that case, Apple would lose steam in one of its largest growth markets. Apple could no longer count on 70% year over year growth in that region, unless it significantly lowered the cost of its products, which probably would not happen. Chinese consumers would likely substitute cheaper alternatives to Apple to satiate demand under the pain of decreasing employment and wages. Earnings projections that account for Chinese growth would be incorrect and would have to revised to account for newly projected cashflows. Apple would lose some value, and Apple would have to focus more on its primary market (US and Europe) as well as search for other emerging markets to capitalize on.

Conclusion

Apple is not in significant danger, but it might lose a portion of one of its biggest emerging markets. Apple's growth plan may be subdued which ought to be projected in revenue growth models used to value the company. Apple's Chinese strategy is its biggest opportunity for growth going forward, but a slowdown in the Chinese economy could hurt Apple's ability to grow.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple persuades US judge to void $533 million iTunes award An Apple logo is seen in front of an Apple Store as a customer waits to enter, in Berlin April 10, 2015. REUTERS/Stefanie Loos

A federal judge has thrown out a $532.9 million award against Apple Inc and ordered a new trial on damages, in a case where a jury found that the iPhone maker's iTunes software infringed three patents owned by a Texas company.

In a decision on Tuesday, U.S. District Judge Rodney Gilstrap in Tyler, Texas, said jurors who on Feb. 24 awarded the damages to Smartflash LLC because of Apple's willful infringement might have been confused by his instructions on how to properly calculate royalties.

Apple had argued that the damages were too high because jurors might have improperly considered the entire market value of the products, rather than distinguishing between patented and unpatented features.

Gilstrap said his jury instructions were legally correct but not applicable to the facts of the case, and "may have created a skewed damages horizon for the jury."

He set a new trial only on the issue of damages for Sept. 14 in Tyler, where Smartflash is based.

Bradley Caldwell, a lawyer for Smartflash, did not immediately respond on Wednesday to requests for comment.

Apple declined to comment on Gilstrap's decision, but said the case showed why Congress should try to curb litigation by Smartflash and similar companies whose business models depend in part on lawsuits to enforce their patents.

"We refused to pay off this company for the ideas our employees spent years innovating," Apple said.

Shares of Apple were down 1.9 percent at $123.36 in afternoon Nasdaq trading.

Smartflash accused Apple in a May 2013 lawsuit of infringing patents for accessing and storing songs, videos and games, enabling the Cupertino, California-based company to sell more of its iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch products.

The lawsuit said Patrick Racz, a co-inventor of Smartflash's patents, had discussed some of his ideas in 2000 with officials of a European company, including Augustin Farrugia, who later became a senior director at Apple.

Smartflash originally sought damages of $852 million.

The trial took place in the federal court for the Eastern District of Texas, a favorite for lawyers representing patent holders because of its reputation for high damages awards.

The case is Smartflash LLC et al v. Apple Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Texas, No. 13-00447. Credit Suisse Sees Apple At $145; Predicts iPhone Growth Hit 60% Last Quarter In a report published Wednesday, Credit Suisse analyst Kulbinder Garcha reiterated an Outperform rating and $145 price target on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL). Data points suggest continuing strength in iPhone volume and mix in the near term.

"We continue to believe that the market underestimates the length of the current product cycle  Given high retention rates, a superior ecosystem, and multi-product compute advantage, we believe FCF of $65-70bn should be sustainable in the long term," Garcha said.

The analyst raised his iPhone volume estimate for CY15 to more than 250 million units, while expecting 56 million units for June 2015. The analyst believes that iPhone 6 Plus would comprise 27 percent of the volumes for the year and be 28 percent accretive to the iPhone average, leading to improved gross margins.

Related Link: Apple Stock Still Worth $170 On iPhone Growth, Brean Declares

However, the analyst expects the iPad business to see additional pressure. To add to this, the company has delayed the launch of iPad Pro, as well as the 9.7 inch iPad. Therefore, the CY15 and CY16 unit estimates have been lowered.

"While investors will continue to focus on the product/services driven growth, we believe a major EM market opportunity remains for the company," Garcha added.

The analyst believes that EM would contribute incremental $97 billion to Apple's sales and $3.15 to the EPS over time, "as the company expands its retail, brand and online presence."

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Credit Suisse Kulbinder GarchaAnalyst Color Reiteration Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-11-25
Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock: The Perfect 10 Year Short? Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock: The Perfect 10 Year Short?

Holiday Melt Up in Stocks

Apple and most stocks do routinely well during the 4th quarter, and especially the last couple of months of trading after earnings are out, and the fund managers are pushing everything up with the goal of making their trading numbers by year end window dressing. It is amazing more people don`t realize this phenomenon and just buy December expiration calls on the SPY after the usual selloffs that happen in the third quarter, and wait for the holiday rally where stocks routinely melt up at year end.

$125 a Share

Apple almost touched $124 a share after earnings before some negative news came out regarding the supply chain which hinted at slower demand for I-Phones towards year end, and the stock reached its all-time high of almost $135 a share in late April of 2015. But if you are not already in at a good price for a long term short of Apple stock, then hope for one more run-up into year-end holiday trading to position yourself for the inevitable decline in this once Wall Street darling. Anything over $125 a share is an excellent price entry point to short this stock, and have a long term positive expected return on your investment from the short side. This stock should continue to put in lower highs and lower lows for the next five years, and ultimately continue lower for the next decade as this company eats through its massive cash reserves trying to come up with their next I-Phone blockbuster product in a declining margin world.

Apple   Large Institutional Ownership

Apple stock is a widely held stock by institutions, hedge funds and fund managers. This stock is basically a core holding in many fund managers portfolios, this is bad news once the bloom comes off of this rose, and investors start to see the long-term writing on the wall regarding increased costs and declining margins across the variety of Apple products it offers to consumers. In the end they are in a commoditized business, and this story never ends well judging by the history in this space over the last 50 years.

I-Phones Sales Hanging in There

I-Phones continue to hang on with newly created iterations with their slightly better bells and whistles but the improvements or differences between phone iterations are becoming less and less pronounced. Apple pulled the last big improvement in their phone out of the hat with finally giving in and producing a larger screen size for consumers. Sure there are still many I-Phone users who need to upgrade their phone, but I-Phones users are first adopters, that`s why they have I-Phones to begin with because branding and image are important to them so they don`t wait long to have the newest I-Phone. Stock prices are forward looking and the stock will move before the fundamentals fully become apparent to the overall market. By the time it becomes obvious that the trend in I-Phone sales is down for the foreseeable future, the stock will have long started its downward trek in price.

Smartphone Industry is a Mature Market

The cell phone and smart phone market is a mature industry, even basic and lower end smart phones essentially have the same comparable specs and features. And now that consumers have to pay full price for these small computers, consumers are going to think twice about shelling out $700 for a new I-Phone every year. Especially when the phones haven`t changed that much and they can get a pretty damn good equivalent smart phone for $50-$200 and in some cases even free with slightly older models. Once consumers get reoriented to the fact that they are basically buying the entire phone as no part is subsidized by their data provider, it is intuitive that I-Phone prices are going to come down to remain competitive in the market.

Apple   Margins Will Shrink for Entire Smartphone Segment

This is the next phase in the smart phone wars. First it was product innovation and differentiation. This phase as products become more and more alike is routinely followed by the price wars phase. And Apple has always tried to brand their way out of this problem by remaining the one premium branded product in the space. EconMatters view is that this may work for six more months but the writing on the wall will play out for Apple, and they will have to reduce prices just to stop the bleeding. As Apple is in for some brutal comps as I-Phones become too expensive relative to competitor offerings given the actual slight if any differences between smartphone specs. A consumer would find it difficult to justify paying $600 more for a phone when the only difference is a small icon on the back which will be covered up by a smartphone case nonetheless.

Beware of Spaceship Office Space

Beware in the history of building new office palaces or naming stadiums as this occurrence often through history signals the turning point in company fortunes. The list is long of company hubris at the top of the market spending out the wazoo for plush nice new office space only to have to move out of said office space or sell this luxury space at rock bottom prices in distressed times only a few years later. I expect this to be no different with Apple`s new spaceship offices in California. How many stadium naming rights deals have come undone over the years due to being taken over entirely or bankruptcy? The list is formidable to say the least! Candidly Bay Area real estate is probably in a bubble right now both on the commercial and residential side. And with the bubble in Unicorn and early stage financing of technology startups starting to show signs of cracking, it appears that technology stocks in general of many companies are going to experience difficult times based upon unrealistic expectations and cheap money evaporating that created unsustainable valuations. Thus let us label Apple stock as the signature leader in the decline of this bubble; the tech bubble bursting version 3.0.

The Electric Car Savior

This isn`t a surprise to Apple executives, why do you think they are working so hard on coming up with the next revolutionary product? This is why Apple is contemplating how far they can get into the automotive space, how profitable are heads up displays, or entire futuristic technology dashboards, can they profitably build an electric car without going bankrupt in the process due to cash flow drain? Investors are not going to stick around and wait to see if Apple can invent the next blockbuster product. Once the earning`s pain comes, this stock is going to get punished with 15% plus shellacking s on future earnings releases over the next five years. I do think electric cars are inevitable replacements for the combustion engine, but is Apple really going to outcompete German engineering in this area? Is Apple going to produce more electric vehicles ten years from now than BMW? Does this seem like a positive expectancy investment?

Grow Old Gracefully

I think the most optimistic case for Apple stock is that they can just grow old gracefully so to speak and produce high quality products for their core competency in existing product offerings. I admire their research and innovative spirit looking for the next big technological breakthrough, but this requires cash, and it is a good thing they have stored a lot of nuts for this rainy day, because they are going to bleed through cash reserves over the next ten years like nobody`s business seeking the next I-Phone holy grail product. I hope for their sake they find it because their existing business is a commoditized product model, and margins are going to come down during the same time as the company`s overall cost structure is going to go up significantly.

Bear Market Environment

Apple stock has had some massive declines on several occasions over the last 10 years of this bullish market environment. Look for the stock to move around a lot as it continues to put in lower highs and lower lows in a continual downtrend over the next decade. Apple stock is a long-term short for the patient investor. There will be several short shark attacks as institutional investors bail after miserable earnings releases over the next 10 years. But just wait until interest rates rise and we are in a full out bear market environment for the real declines in this stock. The sheer size of this stock in portfolio holdings is impressive, so not a lot of buyers left in this name, but this represents a whole heck of a lot of potential future sellers in this name on substantive negative news.

Like our Facebook page for breaking news updates, analysis, and leaks. 
2015-09-24
3 Big Improvements That Apple Inc. Will Probably Bring to the iPhone 7 Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) latest iPhone 6s and 6s Plus phones have finally been announced, with availability set to begin on Sept. 25. The new phones bring a whole bevy of improvements, ranging from the crazy-fast A9 processor to the inclusion of the new 3D Touch feature. Frankly, the improvements that Apple has delivered generation over generation in going from the iPhone 6 to the 6s are quite impressive.

However, the good news for Apple is that the iPhone 6s isn't perfect, meaning that the company likely has some very cool stuff in store for iPhone buyers next year. Here are three major improvements that I expect Apple to deliver with the next-generation iPhone, which will likely be called the iPhone 7.

Making it thinner and lighter

Apple's thing is that its latest phones are often thinner and lighter than the previous generation devices. Although the iPhone 6/6 Plus weren't lighter than the iPhone 5s -- because the displays were made much larger -- they were, at the very least, thinner. With the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, Apple made the devices slightly thicker and heavier than the preceding models.

Interestingly enough, according to well-respected analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple is planning to make the iPhone 7 family of phones much thinner than either the 6 or 6s families. Although Kuo didn't comment on the potential weight of the next-generation iPhone, I suspect that next year's iPhone will be lighter, too.

An improved display

Though Apple included Force Touch in the 6s, the actual displays appear to be identical to the ones used in the iPhone 6/6 Plus. Apple generally makes large advances in display quality every other year, which is how the company is able to use the same displays for two years while still remaining competitive.

I suspect that, with the iPhone 7/7 Plus, Apple will, yet again, make a large leap in display performance relative to the 6/6 Plus and the 6s/6s Plus models. I expect improvements along the usual quality vectors such as contrast ratios, brightness, black levels, and color accuracy.

I'm also tempted to think that Apple will also increase the resolutions of its displays, although I'm not sure if the increased resolution and sharpness will really be worth the added power/battery drain associated with higher-resolution panels.

Better cameras

With the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus, Apple made some big improvements in the camera subsystems of the phones relative to the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, respectively. The rear-facing camera saw a resolution increase from eight megapixels to 12 megapixels, and the front-facing camera saw a big resolution bump from a mere 1.2 megapixels to five megapixels.

With the iPhone 7, I don't expect Apple to, yet again, boost the resolution of the cameras. Instead, I'm expecting an improved sensor, better low-light performance -- some reviews noted a slight regression in the 6s from the 6 in this area -- and a more sophisticated image signal processor integrated into the applications processor.

There's still plenty of innovation left in the iPhone

I think that the iPhone 6s is an incredibly compelling offering from Apple, and I expect that it should do quite well in the marketplace during the next year. However, taking a longer-term view, there's still plenty of things that Apple can improve upon in future iPhones.

This is a good thing because, as long as Apple can keep making better devices with significant and compelling new features and functionality, the company's iPhone business should continue to generate robust profits for years to come. No Teardown Required: Intel Isn't Inside of the Apple Inc. iPhone 6s A while back, an analyst with Northland Securities claimed that Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) would grab about half of the modem orders for Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6s/6s Plus. If this report ultimately turned out to be true, it could have been quite positive for Intel's struggling mobile business and a negative for mobile chip leader Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), which has been the exclusive supplier of modems into Apple's iPhones for quite some time.

Although there haven't yet been tear-downs of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus to either confirm or deny the claim from the Northland Securities analyst, I can tell you right now that the new iPhones do not feature Intel modems. Here's why.

The big tip-off

According to the cellular speeds that Apple has claimed for the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, the Intel modem that would fit the bill for these devices would be the XMM 7260. At first glance, it would seem that the XMM 7260 hits the right key feature sets in order to be viable for the iPhone 6s.

Now, as I have written about in the past, Intel's modems do not support the CDMA 1xEV-DO standard, which is still supported by some major carriers such as Verizon (NYSE: VZ) and Sprint (NYSE: S).

This fact alone wouldn't necessarily mean that Intel was absolutely not in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus; after all, Apple could produce models of its iPhones with EV-DO support for use on carriers that still support the standard and models without EV-DO support for the carriers that don't.

However, if we look at Apple's iPhone 6s/6s Plus "tech specs" page, it is immediately obvious that all of the iPhone 6s/6s Plus models have EV-DO support:

This, in my view, is a dead giveaway that Intel has won precisely zero iPhone 6s/6s Plus modem business.

What does this mean for Intel's chances in future iPhones?

I believe that for as long as the CDMA EV-DO standard is relevant, Apple will support it in its iPhones. Although Apple would probably benefit from being able to multi-source its cellular modems, it seems that the company wants to keep the hardware differences between iPhone models sold on different carriers at a minimum.

As long as this remains the case, and as long as Intel chooses not to build in CDMA EV-DO support into its cellular modems, it appears likely that Intel will be "locked out" of the iPhone modem business.

So, does Intel actually have any potential customers for its stand-alone modems?

In a recent note from Raymond James analyst Hans Mosesmann (via Barron's), the analyst claims that Intel's Aicha Evans, the General Manager of the Intel Communication and Devices Group, "told the audience of analysts and investors that if Intel couldn't get to scale in modems, it would basically be done."

At this point, it's hard to see Intel landing major customers with its stand-alone modems. Intel has previously had some success in landing its stand-alone modems in some Samsung (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF) devices, but the opportunities there -- in light of Qualcomm's high-end modem leadership and Samsung's apparently solid progress in developing its own modem solutions -- seem limited going forward.

Intel's best chance at this point to gain scale with its modem technology seems to be in selling low-end and mid-range applications processors with modems integrated in.

This is a topic that I hope Intel management discusses at its upcoming investor meeting in November. Apple: Disable The $0.99 Crystal Ad Block Safari Extension Apple has a quick fix. Users can just long-press the "Refresh" icon on iOS Safari to quickly disable ad blocking browser extensions.

I know for a fact that my $0.99 Crystal ad block extension for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS 9 Safari is instantly detected and blocked by smart advertising-dependent websites like hackintosh.zone. I have already discussed the possibility of website administrators coding a few lines of PHP/Javascript to quickly deny access to their site content to mobile Safari users who enabled ad blocking extensions.

I am not an iOS app developer, but unlike the doom and gloom of fellow Seeking Alpha contributor Mark Hibben, I was already dismissive of the impact/relevance of ad blocking's future on mobile Safari. Web programmers are smarter than we all give them credit for. Once site administrators notice a significant drop in their ad revenue because Apple is allowing ad-blocking on iOS Safari, they will eventually implement a block-the-ad blocker-user policy.

I previously warned Seeking Alpha readers that third-party extensions for Safari would cause some problems for iOS device users. It is happening now. The reality that Apple is getting a 30% cut from the top-grossing Crystal ad block Safari extension makes it partly responsible for what is happening now.

Crystal is making a mess out of some e-commerce sites for Safari users. People who bought Crystal and enabled it are now going to have a horrible experience when they try shopping on their favorite online e-commerce sites. Crystal users will find the online stores of Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), Sears (NASDAQ:SHLD), and Lululemon (NASDAQ:LULU) unavailable and/or rendered incorrectly, with dead links and incomplete content.

As per the above-linked Fortune article, buying and enabling ad block extensions is disastrous for users and online store operators alike. Just look at the screenshot below - enabling Crystal on Sears.com serves up a blank home page.

(Source: Fortune)

Fortune's investigation of this disaster forced Crystal developer Dean Murphy to issue a statement that he will soon whitelist select e-commerce sites. He only said select - not some, not the majority of, not all.

Apple's continuing approval of a website-murdering paid browser extension apps is not going to endear it to big-budget digital advertisers like Wal-Mart and Sears.

Disable Crystal Now

Apple has a little-known quick fix for the issues ad blockers will cause for iPhone/iPad web surfers. The trick is to just long-press the "Refresh" button to get the option to reload inaccessible sites by disabling ad-blocking extensions like Crystal.

However, I suspect a majority of iOS 9 device owners doesn't know of this easy solution. The danger now is of big online commerce operators suffering a big drop in their sales due to iOS device owners not being able to access their sites properly.

Unless Dean Murphy and other ad block developers on iOS come up with a solution for this quandary, Apple is likely to get a bad rep among e-commerce site owners. This is worse than the malware-in-iOS-apps scandal in China. At least we all long knew Apple doesn't have the best kind of online security for its iOS device users.

The fact that Apple is approving and profiting from ad blockers that might cause billions of dollars of lost sales to online stores is a worse PR disaster in the making. Angry online marketers are unlikely to ever use iAd to promote their products and get site referrals to their online stores.

The ad block-using iPhone/iPad online shopper who doesn't know the "long-press the Refresh button" solution on Safari will find himself unable to shop at some e-commerce sites. What could happen next is, this frustrated user will then just go and use his Android phone/tablet to shop.

The other way of disabling Crystal is to go iOS 9 Settings => Safari => Content Blockers, and disable Crystal. This four-step method is not very user-friendly for impatient online shopping iPhone/iPad users.

My Takeaway

I urge the company to reconsider its support of ad blocking on iOS 9 Safari. It might also be prudent for it to take down Crystal while the developer is still unable to fix the incorrect rendering of e-commerce sites.

The 30% cut from $0.99 apps is minuscule compared to the billions that Apple gets from Google (GOOG, GOOGL) for making it the default search on iOS 9 Safari.

While it is noble of Apple to let its users have the choice of disabling Crystal to allow ads on Safari mobile browsing, Tim Cook should crack down on for-profit app developers who submit bug-ridden ad blockers.

Provoking hurt feelings from Crystal-affected online e-commerce sites is a bad move for the company. If I am an online shop owner that sees reduced purchases because Apple approved an ad blocker that prevented iPad/iPhone users from buying from my store, I would be stupid not to boycott Apple devices and services.

AAPL is no longer a Buy for me. AAPL was 30% of my 2015 portfolio, but I'm gradually reducing my exposure to it. I'm a retired employee of the advertising/marketing industry. I still have friends there who intensely dislike Apple's support for greedy ad block developers.

I am one of the millions of graphic designers/creative professionals who salute Marco Arment, maker of the $2.99 Peace ad-block iOS 9 Safari extension. Arment withdrew his app and refunded buyers of his former no. 1 top-grossing iOS app.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Inc. (AAPL): The Car Project Could Be A Money Pit? The latest update on Apple Inc. s (NASDAQ:AAPL) automotive aspirations came from The Wall Street Journal on Monday. According to the Journal, Apple is ramping up its efforts to build an electric car, planning on a 2019 ship date.

Apple certainly has the resources to design, build, and sell an electric car that would have much of the world salivating.

But the question for investors is whether an Apple Car would help or hurt Apple stock.

On the one hand, AAPL needs to plan ahead for the day when the iPhone will no longer drive profit and revenue growth. The iPhone accounts for two-thirds of Apple s revenue.

Entering the automotive industry would give Apple exposure to an entirely new, $1.6 trillion market.

 For Apple, the car market is more than big enough to  move the needle  significantly, even as the world s largest company,  wrote activist investor Carl Icahn in an open letter to Apple CEO Tim Cook in May.

An Apple Car would also bolster the Apple ecosystem by integrating with the iPhone and Apple s cloud services. This will work even better with a self-driving Apple Car, which the Journal says is among the company s long-term goals.

Imagine using Siri on your Apple Watch or iPhone to call out to your miles-distant car to  come and get me  just like David Hasselhoff used to do with KITT on the 1980s  Knight Rider  TV show.

The potential of an Apple Car is enough to make your head spin.

But for an Apple Car to serve as a growth engine for the company, some vexing issues need to be solved. Here s what Apple faces 

The Major Challenges Facing Apple Car

Car manufacturing is like nothing else Apple has done before. It will need to either construct a fancy new factory or partner with an existing automaker to build the cars.

Apple will need to set up a complex supply chain that will dwarf what Tim Cook devised for Apple s other products. It will need to comply with a host of federal regulations that govern the automotive industry.

And Apple has both the financial resources and corporate will to make all that happen. The one giant question looming over this endeavor is whether Apple can solve those issues while maintaining its customarily generous profit margins.

It won t be easy.

Big automakers like General Motors Inc. (NYSE: GM) and Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) typically have gross profit margins in the low single digits, 2% to 5%. Even a luxury car maker like Porsche only has margins of about 20%. Apple s gross margins are just under 40%.

That s one reason former GM Vice Chairman Bob Lutz is an Apple Car skeptic.

 If I were a shareholder, I d be very upset because they are currently engaged in a very high-margin business. The automobile business is at best a very low margin business,  Lutz said on the CNBC program  Closing Bell  on Monday.  You can t show me one company to date that has made a nickel on electric cars. 

Given Apple s lack of experience in the automotive industry, Lutz said it would fare no better and that the Apple Car project would become  a giant money pit. 

Electric carmaker Tesla Inc. (Nasdaq: TSLA), the closest equivalent to what Apple is attempting, proves his point. Tesla turned its first profit in Q1 of 2013   nearly 10 years after the company was founded and seven years after it started selling cars.

But for the most part, Tesla loses money. CEO Elon Musk said in January that TSLA won t be profitable by normal accounting standards until 2020.

Can Apple change the equation?

The Case for the Apple Car as a Winner

It s always been dangerous to underestimate Apple when it enters a new market. Just ask Blackberry Ltd. (Nasdaq: BBRY) and Nokia Corp. (NYSE: NOK). Mobile phone industry executives back in 2007 made comments much like Lutz did Monday.

One has to think that Apple has a strategy for building a car that will yield an acceptably high profit margin. Just because no one else has figured it out doesn t mean it can t be done.

For example, Apple could design a state-of-the-art factory heavy on robotics that would drastically reduce labor costs. Or come up with a cheaper battery technology.

Then again, there s still the possibility that Apple has no intention of mass producing automobiles. The Apple Car could and up as a technology the company will license to other automakers.

That s apparently the route that Google Inc. (Nasdaq: GOOGL, GOOG) is taking with its self-driving car tech. Last week, European Google executive Philipp Justus said the company  does not intend to become a car manufacturer. 

Of course, there s always the worst-case scenario   that success has gone to Apple s head and it s making an ambitious but ill-considered jump into a market it doesn t understand.

It s possible that a strong desire to disrupt the auto industry is clouding the judgment of Apple s top executives. And several of them, particularly design guru Jonathan Ive and Senior Vice President of Internet Software and Services Eddy Cue are avid car collectors. Cue once sat on Ferrari s board of directors.

Luckily, Apple has enough cash and income from the iPhone that even a miscalculation on the Apple Car won t sting too badly. But it would leave the company with one less path to future growth, and that, in the long term, could ding AAPL stock.

The Bottom Line: Enough has leaked out that we know that an Apple Car of some kind is in the works. And while an Apple Car no doubt would have a  wow  factor, whether it makes sense for Apple is very much an open question. Unless Apple has a very smart strategy up its sleeve, the Apple Car project carries a lot of risk   something AAPL shareholders certainly don t want.

Written By David Zeiler From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet. And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. 
2015-01-20
Is Apple Inc. Really a Threat to GoPro Inc? Talk about a wipeout!

Last week, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office reassigned a patent to Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) detailing a "Digital Camera System Having Remote Control." The patent was part of Kodak's old intellectual property portfolio that it sold off at the end of 2012 after filing for bankruptcy protection. Apple bought some of those patents. As a result of the refiling and some mentions of GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO) products within the patent used for background information, shares of GoPro tanked on fears that Apple may plan to enter the action cam market.

This is an excellent example of how the market can act irrationally. GoPro shares declined over 12% on Tuesday, Jan. 13, the day the story came out. By market close on Friday, Jan. 16, GoPro shares were down 16% from Monday's close. All of this and nothing has really changed.

Here's a secret. Apple doesn't use most of its patents.

Apple files a lot of patents. Apple's decision to reassign a patent it purchased from Kodak doesn't indicate its intention to create a product using it.

If Apple does use the patent, it wouldn't make sense for Apple to enter the action camera market. Apple is really good at selling devices that use its closed software ecosystem. There's hardly any software on an action camera, and there's no need for any additional onboard software. It's far easier to edit footage on a computer, and GoPro already lets users use their smartphone as a viewfinder.

If anything, Apple would likely use the patent to connect the iPhone -- one of the most popular cameras in the world -- to a remote device like the Apple Watch. This patent would give Apple the option to allow competitors like Samsung to license the feature or, more likely, force them to work around the patent, so even if it doesn't actually implement that system, Apple could use it against competitors.

Apple's newly assigned patent doesn't look to be a huge threat to GoPro's business, but that didn't stop investors from panicking when the news came out.

Is GoPro really that easy to defeat?

The trading action in GoPro on Tuesday says a lot about the people investing in GoPro, and less about GoPro itself.

GoPro has built a brand so strong it's the Kleenex of action cams -- i.e. people refer to action cams as "GoPros." It has 42% market share in action cameras, according to some estimates.

While a big consumer electronics company entering the market could disrupt sales and take market share, it hasn't yet. Sony makes action cams and it still only has an 8% share of the market. GoPro's brand and its media content provide a wide moat competitors must cross before its business is threatened.

But GoPro's stock has been on a roller-coaster ride suitable for its cameras. Shares have been extremely volatile, with its price swinging by more than 5% more than one-third of its active trading days in 2013. That volatility is a green-light for swing traders and scalpers to pile into the stock to take advantage of relatively small changes in price. Over the past 52 weeks, GoPro's stock has swung between $98.47 and $28.65, according to S&P Capital IQ data.

Traders are significantly more susceptible to headlines than Foolish investors focused on investing in strong companies for the long term. So, when a headline says Apple might challenge GoPro, those traders sell their shares and find something else.

Be greedy when others are fearful

Tuesday was an excellent chance to be "greedy when others are fearful" as Warren Buffett once said. With GoPro shares still trading well below where they were at the beginning of last week, the opportunity is still there.

GoPro trades for a relatively high valuation for a consumer electronics company. Its forward P/E ratio of 41.5 is still well above the industry average. However, analysts expect revenue and earnings to continue growing, projecting 35% earnings growth over the next five years, which justifies its higher earnings multiple.

Buffett also said "If you don't feel comfortable owning something for 10 years, then don't own it for 10 minutes."

If you're of the opinion that an entry from Apple or another large consumer electronics company could knock GoPro off its spot at the top of action camera makers, then you may be better off looking elsewhere for an investment. On the other hand, if you think GoPro will remain the leading manufacturer of a growing industry while leveraging its media property into a second revenue stream, GoPro is worth buying at these levels. 
2015-04-16
Apple Inc. in deal to buy 3600 acres of forest in Brunswick  Apple Inc. Becomes Samsung Group's Biggest Customer Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), the two largest smartphone makers in the world, are bitter rivals in the mobile market. But behind the scenes, Apple is actually Samsung's biggest external customer for components.

Samsung recently assigned a dedicated team of around 200 employees to develop screens for Apple's iPads and MacBooks, according to Bloomberg. Samsung will also manufacture the majority of Apple's upcoming A9 chips for its next-generation devices.

These developments indicate that the relationship between the two companies, which has been locked in patent litigation over the past four years, is improving. Last year, both companies agreed to drop all patent litigation outside the United States.

Why does Apple need Samsung?

Apple and Samsung weren't always competitors. Samsung supplied the processor, application memory, flash storage, and displays for many of Apple's devices. By 2010, Apple was one of Samsung's biggest customers, spending $6 billion per year on its components.

But that same year, Samsung launched its first Galaxy S handset, which closely resembled Apple's iPhone 3GS from the prior year. In 2011, Apple sued Samsung for copying its iPhone designs. Samsung countersued, claiming that Apple was using its wireless-transmission technology without permission.

To reduce its dependence on Samsung, Apple held talks with TSMC (NYSE:TSM), Samsung's main chip fabrication rival, to build new chips. Apple wanted to either buy a stake of TSMC, or have the foundry set aside factory space for the exclusive production of Apple chips. TSMC rejected Apple's plan, stating that the deal would undermine its independence and flexibility.

A lack of suitable partners

Nonetheless, Apple continued buying components from Samsung, paying roughly $10 billion to its rival in 2012, according to Sanford Bernstein analyst Mark Newman. That was equivalent to roughly 17% of Samsung's total component sales that year. That figure likely climbed to $13 billion in 2013, according to Morgan Stanley.

TSMC agreed to manufacture some of Apple's A8 chips for the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, but Samsung still reportedly supplied 40% of the chips, according to research firm IHS.

Samsung owns one of four foundries that can manufacture 14nm chips. The other three belong to Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), TSMC, and GlobalFoundries. Therefore, Apple's choices are quite limited. The A9, which will be a 14nm design, will reportedly be manufactured by Samsung and GlobalFoundries, with Samsung supplying the majority of the chips.

Why does Samsung need Apple?

Samsung needs component sales to offset its market losses in mobile devices. Between the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2014, Samsung's global market share in smartphones fell from 28.9% to 19.9%, according to IDC. During that time, Apple's share rose from 17.5% to 19.7%.

Samsung's decline was caused by the rise of cheaper Chinese rivals like Xiaomi, and Apple nullifying Samsung's big screen advantage with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus. As a result, revenue at Samsung's mobile division, which accounted for 52% of its top line, fell 21% annually in 2014. The division's operating profit, which comprised of its bottom line, plunged 42%.

Samsung's device solutions (DS) business, which sells components to other OEMs, generated 32% of its revenue and 38% of its operating profit in 2014. Last year, the former fell 3% year over year as the latter slipped 6%. Therefore, selling more components to Apple could strengthen Samsung's DS business and help the company profit from Apple's success.

The verdict

A closer relationship between Apple and Samsung benefits both companies. Both companies stop wasting millions on litigation. Apple gets more displays, processors, and other components from a single manufacturer, which decreases hardware fragmentation. Samsung's DS business gets a boost, which can help it offset losses at its mobile division. However, this deal is bad news for other suppliers like TSMC and LG, which previously benefited from the growing rift between Apple and Samsung. 1 Reason Apple Inc. Watch Sales Could Surprise You With its preorder window officially open and its release only weeks away, all eyes in technology are on the Apple Watch. As Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) first new product since 2010, the Apple Watch carries huge implications for Apple and the smartwatch market in general. And according to some recent research, Apple's initial Watch sales might prove stronger than most expect.

How many millions was that?

Predicting Apple Watch sales has been a huge area of focus of late. After interpreting the Watch's first weekend of pre-orders, research analysts at RBC revised their estimate for near-term Apple Watch sales. They now believe Apple will sell somewhere between 3 million and 5 million Watches during its current quarter ending in June. And as a result of this stronger-than-expected demand, RBC now estimates first-year Apple Watch sales will reach somewhere between 15 million and 20 million units. For those keeping score at home, the average sell-side analysts' year-one Apple Watch sales estimate was 14.6 million.

Importantly, we've seen a trend in rising estimates in the wake of the beginning of the Watch's preorder period last weekend. Analysts at Cowen and Company commented that the Apple store sales associates they polled said most in-store appointments to test the Watch resulted in a sale, an anecdotal but encouraging data point. Because of its research, Cowen increased its estimate for Apple Watch sales to a lofty 31 million units in its first 12 months. Rounding out the analyst commentary, researcher Slice Intelligence claimed Watch purchases exceeded 1 million units in the first 24 hours of its pre-order window.

How this affects the big picture

This is admittedly an early snapshot of demand for the Apple Watch, but it has surprised most observers. This increased bullishness could provide a tailwind for Apple stock in the short term. But how should investors be thinking about the Apple Watch long-term? That's a more interesting and pertinent question for Apple shareholders.

Initial quarterly and full-year sales of past Apple products might shed some light on just how impressive these possible Apple Watch launch figures prove, although there are a number of key factors to consider. It's worth noting that if the Apple Watch is indeed able to hit around 15 million unit shipments, that number would make the Watch rival the iPad for the title of Apple's fastest-selling product ever. The iPhone was released in June 2007, and sales tallied only 11.8 million units throughout Apple's entire FY 2008. The iPad went on sale in March 2010, the tail end of Apple's FY Q2. In the slightly over 2 quarters of iPads sales Apple tallied in FY 2010, it sold 7.5 million iPads. Over the course of Apple's entire FY 2011, that number had exploded to 32.4 million. That's a hugely encouraging data point and a comparison that's fitting for a number of reasons. Over the long term, the Apple Watch's lack of carrier support will probably make the Apple Watch more economically similar to the iPad, rather than the iPhone.

Apple's fortunate son

However, one must also understand that entering the market in which hundreds of millions of consumers and companies own iPhones and iPads gives the Apple Watch a larger natural built-in audience than either device enjoyed at its launch. Sure, the iPhone had the Mac and the iPod. Likewise, the iPad had the iPhone, the Mac, and the iPod to help its rollout. However, Apple's mobile devices have recently blossomed to a level of ubiquity few considered possible when Apple launched the iPad in 2010. So while the future appears increasingly bright for the Apple Watch, we'll simply have to wait and see how the coming weeks unfold as tech's most important story of 2015 continues to take shape. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Benefits From Rising Wearable Interest Demand for the Apple Watch may be greater than previously thought. Analysts have been carefully watching preorders for the smartwatch since they began almost a week ago, and of course there are varying views as far as how well sales are going.

Some firms don t think the Apple Watch has been selling very well, with one calling interest in it  decent but not great.  Others have also echoed that view based on surveys and their own measurements of demand. Raymond James analysts even downgraded Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) based on the poor reviews of the watch.

Apple Watch to bring wearables mainstream?

However, not all analysts are so bearish on the Apple Watch. Unsurprisingly, Morgan Stanley s Katy Huberty and her team, who tend to be among Wall Street s most bullish on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), said they think demand for the Apple Watch is good and perhaps better than expected. They based this view on their latest survey about wearables.

Their survey suggested that wearables are now entering the mainstream, and they say Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) will be the greatest beneficiary of this move. Interestingly, they found that wearable penetration is now approaching that of notebook penetration in PCs. (Graphs in this report are courtesy Morgan Stanley.)

Interest in wearables on the rise

Huberty and team said in November that wearables will likely be the  fastest ramping consumer device in history,  and the results of their AlphaWise survey appear to support this view. They measured wearable penetration in December and March and discovered that it had doubled in only three months.

Intent to purchase a wearable device is also healthy, as a third of the survey s participants have plans to buy a wearable. That s actually triple the purchase intent Morgan Stanley found three months prior to their latest survey.

The analysts said consumers are willing to spend an average of $155 on a wearable, which on the surface doesn t bode well for the ultra-pricey Apple Watch. However, they add that this amount is quite a bit higher than the price tag of the least expensive wearable devices priced around $50.

The Morgan Stanley team also reports that sentiment about the value offered by the Apple Watch is good in spite of the high price tag.

Wearable supply constrained

The analysts say the 2014 holiday season brought strong adoption of wearables, which is why they now view such devices as now being mainstream technology for consumers. They believe this year demand for wearables will be greater than the estimate of 46 million units, which was predicted by analysts at IDC.

The Morgan Stanley team expects 70 million wearable units will be purchased this year, but they note that supply constraints are a big problem. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) in particular hasn t been able to keep up with demand for its smartwatch. In fact, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) s own retail stores won t even have the Apple Watch available for purchase until June because of how low the initial supply is.

Apple Watch demand looks better than expected

When looking specifically at the Apple Watch, the Morgan Stanley team reported that almost 15% of all iPhone owners in the U.S. say they will  probably  or  definitely  buy an Apple Watch, which is a lot higher than their previous estimate of 10% of compatible owners.

Only the iPhone 5 or newer works with the Apple Watch. This means iPhone owners with older models are not only going to have to fork over cash for the smartwatch but also for a new iPhone if they want to be able to use it.

Based on the responses from their survey, Huberty and team estimate that demand for the Apple Watch is around 15 million units. That s approximately 60% more than the 9 million unit demand they found in December. Their model for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) only assumes 18 million units in the 2015 calendar year and 30 million in the first 12 months of launch. Apple buys a forest the size of San Francisco for conservation, will build 2 ... Enough solar to produce 80 million kilowatt-hours per year

Just yesterday, I was writing that we're in the middle of a solar revolution , with the pace of progress accelerating as costs plummet, guaranteeing big change on the horizon. One more example of the beginning of this solar era came today when Apple, the biggest company in the world (by market cap), announced that it will build two more solar farms, this time in China (they already have a few in the US, and are planning to build more there ).

In a joint venture with SunPower, Apple is building two new 20 megawatt solar farms. Construction has already begun and 2 MW of solar capacity are already sending power to the grid. "The technology combines single-axis tracking technology with rows of parabolic mirrors, reflecting light onto high efficiency SunPower Maxeon cells, which are the world's most efficient commercially available mass-produced solar cells. Completion of the projects is expected in the fourth quarter of 2015. [...] The projects are expected to provide up to 80 million kilowatt-hours per year while also protecting the ecosystem."

Kevin Utting/Flickr/CC BY 2.0

36,000 acres of forests for conservation

The fruit company also wants to make sure that the packaging for its products comes from sustainably managed forests, so it has partnered with the Conservation Fund to manage 36,000 acres of forest that it has bought in Maine and North Carolina. These forests will be protected from development, staying forests forever, though some wood will be sustainably harvested from them.

 Apple is clearly leading by example one that we hope others will follow,  said Larry Selzer, president and CEO of The Conservation Fund.  By all accounts, the loss of America s working forests is one of our nation s greatest environmental challenges. The initiative announced today is precedent-setting. 

Youtube/Screen capture

Greenpeace, an organization that has been critical of Apple in the past but has been more positive on the recent developments had this to say about these recent announcements:

 Apple's announcement today is a significant first step toward addressing its energy footprint in China, and sets an important precedent for other companies that have operations in China: they can take action to power their operations with renewable energy," said Greenpeace USA Senior IT Sector Analyst Gary Cook.



Greenpeace East Asia Senior Renewable Campaigner Yuan Ying said:  The next step for Apple should be to work with its suppliers to power its manufacturing operations in China with 100% renewable energy. Chinese policies to reduce coal consumption and boost renewable energy are working, but we need more rapid progress to clean up air pollution choking major Chinese cities and achieve a peak and then reduction in Chinese carbon pollution as quickly as possible. Companies with manufacturing operations and large energy consumption in China have a responsibility to help accelerate the shift to renewable energy.



 China has promised to increase the share of non-fossil fuels in its energy mix to 15% by 2020 with wind and solar capacities reaching 200 GW and 100 GW respectively. Both local and global companies have begun to pursue renewable energy deals to power their operations in China, and with companies like Apple leading the way we expect significantly growing interest from the market in investing in renewable energy, and the 2020 target will be confidently secured. 

Apple Inc./Promo image

Above is a photo of Apple's new HQ, which is under construction in Cupertino, California, right now. It'll be 100% solar powered too.

Update: For Earth Day, Apple has released this video to show some of their environmental initiatives:

Via SunPower, The Conservation Fund 
2015-01-28
15 mind-blowing facts about Apple Inc's latest quarter Almost Done!

Please confirm your details below.

Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate {* birthdate *} Gender {* gender *}

Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers

For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *}

{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *}

By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account.

I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy.

{* backButton *}

{* /socialRegistrationForm *} How Apple became so successful that its total revenue is bigger than the GDP ... Apple is now making so much money it's already bigger than Hong Kong in terms of GDP. Last quarter it sold 34,000 iPhones a second and it could afford to buy pretty much every other famous tech firm with change.

But how did a company that began as a bunch of hippies and nerds in a computer club get to be so big?

First of all, let's see just how big those numbers are:

Apple sold 74.5 million iPhones during the three months that ended on 31 December. That s 34,000 iPhones an hour every day of the quarter. It's also more than the entire population of the UK:

Apple's total revenue for the first quarter was $74.6bn. If this trend continues for the next three quarters, that would bring total revenue to at least $298.4bn, which is a larger figure than the GDP of Hong Kong:

Apple made quarterly profits of $18bn. That's just under 25 per cent of the total estimated wealth of the world's richest man, Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates:

Apple doesn't look set to slow down anytime soon. So, what's its secret?

Despite being an undeniable pioneer, Apple hasn t ever really invented anything. Its three biggest launches in the past decade or so - the iPod, iPhone and iPad - have all been updated versions of products that already existed but weren t making the most of their potential.

Even the innovation that drove Apple's recently announced record profits wasn't really new. Apple decided to make its phones bigger - years after everyone else had done.

But as Independent technology writer David Phelan notes, "with the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, Apple did what it does best: matched strong technology with ground-breaking design."

Apple doesn t always do things first. But it almost always does them best.

Part of how they achieve that is by having a stronger sense of the importance of aesthetics and ease of use than its rivals. There might have been smartphones, tablets and MP3 players before Apple introduced its own versions, but many of them looked downright ugly and weren t much fun to use.

The 10 best smartphones







10 show all The 10 best smartphones

















1/10 iPhone 6 and 6 Plus Apple s latest comes in two varieties: the iPhone 6 (4.7- inch screen and only 6.9mm thick) and the iPhone 6 Plus   a larger (5.5-inch) version, more suited for those with gorillasized hands. The experience remains largely the same: expect sleek, beautiful apps in a package that ties you into their ecosystem. From  539, store.apple.com

2/10 ZTE Blade L2 At only  90, the Blade is the perfect price-point for making sure your kids are safe when they leave the house. The battery lasts for 23 hours, so they can contact you easily, wherever they are. 5MP camera and a 5-inch screen.  89.99, store.virginmedia.com

3/10 Sony Xperia Z3 Anyone who wants a full PlayStation experience should at least consider this phone, which allows you to stream PS4 games from your console to the phone s screen from November this year. Remarkably, it s also waterproof up to 1.5m   so if you re clumsy or just love the beach, this could be for you. From  469.99, shop.ee.co.uk

4/10 Nokia 930 The base model comes in at 32GB of storage. The main attraction to the Nokia Lumia range is a 4.5-inch ClearBlack screen with its brilliant contrast. The Microsoft Office app is among the best for any writer. For anyone who isn t tied into Android or iOS this is a strong choice. Free on plans from  30.50/month, shop.vodafone.co.uk

5/10 Amazon Fire Perfect for the Shazam generation you can point this phone   which works like any other Android phone   at pretty much anything and it will tell you what it is, how much it is, and where to buy it. Not for everyone, but if you re a consumer it will likely change how you shop. Free, only on contract, amazon.co.uk

6/10 Moto G Although it lacks the bells and whistles of the more expensive phones on the list, it s still a great phone for its price, with access to emails, Facebook and more. Ideal for anyone who s feeling the pinch this autumn.  90, shop.vodafone.co.uk

7/10 HTC One M8 The camera on the M8 has a special depth sensor for quicker focusing and clearer pictures. The phone itself is 90 per cent metal, so it doesn t feel plasticy or liable to breaking. Also has front facing speakers and builtin amplifiers for those last barbecues of the season.  549.99, shop.emea.htc.com

8/10 LG G3 With its 5.5-inch screen the G3 is the same size as the iPhone 6 Plus but in an Android package. It has a 13MP camera with a laser focus, can charge wirelessly but isn t waterproof or dust-resistant like some of the other phones on this list.  479.95, carphonewarehouse.com

9/10 Samsung Galaxy Alpha The latest Samsung looks set to replace my personal phone. It s got a 4.7-imch Super AMOLED screen but the main attraction is Samsung s  Ultra Power-Saving Mode , which turns the smart-beast s screen into greyscale and limits the apps you can use, allowing it to run for days. From  449.99, shop.ee.co.uk

10/10 Nexus 5 Rumours of a new Google phone are rampant at the moment but their last offering, the Nexus 5, still packs a punch. The 5-inch screen is made from Gorilla Glass 3, so should resist a bunch of scratches.  299, play.google.com

To do that, Apple doesn t usually cut down on quality - its products usually have the same kind of technological innovations as its rivals, if not more. But it makes them simple, pointing out how they can be used to make things easier and quicker, rather than showing off about specifications or having the latest widget or gizmo.

But one of Apple's tricks is that once you buy one of those products, you're going to buy more.

Everything that Apple makes works together so seamlessly (or is supposed to) that having a phone and laptop isn't just a matter of everything looking nice together, they also work nicely together too.

Messages sync across the company's apps, for instance, and devices can be used to control one another. Apple has been increasingly encouraging that approach, building new ways of letting different Apple devices talk to each other under the banner of its Continuity and Handoff services.

It s what occasionally leads some of Apple s doubters to call it cult-like - once you go Apple, you rarely go back. But that and other qualities also mean that more people are going Apple than ever before. Apple Inc. Has Enough Cash To Buy The World's Largest Companies The iPhone maker prefers buying smaller companies that fit easily into its existing business

Yesterday, Apple reported the biggest every quarterly profit in the corporate history. The iPhone maker generated $74.6 billion in sales and $18.02 billion in profits for the quarter ending December 2014. The record-breaking profits have given it more cash. Now Apple has enough cash to buy many of the world s largest corporations and rivals, and still have a few billion dollars to spare.

Apple can buy 483 of the S&P 500 companies

Apple now has more cash than the market value of Intel ($173 billion), IBM ($152 billion) and Amazon ($142 billion). As Tyler Durden of Zero Hedge points out, Apple s cash pile is greater than the market cap of all but 17 companies in the S&P 500 index. The valuations of Intel, AT&T, Visa, Walt Disney, Comcast, Cisco are less than Apple s cash reserve.

If Tim Cook wanted to buy hot tech companies, he could acquire Uber, Airbnb, Tesla, Netflix, Twitter, Snapchat, Dropbox, and SpaceX and still have more than $20 billion left over. However, some of its biggest rivals are still out of reach. For instance, Microsoft is currently valued at $346 billion, Google is worth $352 billion, and Facebook s market value stands at $212 billion. By Comparison, Apple itself is valued at $686 billion.

Apple may not pursue big-ticket acquisitions

But Apple may not be interested in buying those companies. It spends money on smaller acquisitions. Apple s biggest ever acquisition was Beats, for which it paid $3 billion last year. Earlier this month, the iPhone maker purchased music analytics firm Semetric for an undisclosed sum. The Cupertino company buys smaller businesses that fit easily into its existing business.

A large chunk of Apple s cash is stashed outside the United States. The company exploits tax loopholes in countries like Ireland to keep its tax bills low without breaking a single tax law. Apple will be hit by a huge tax bill if it repatriates its cash. That s why the company prefers taking out debts to reward its shareholders, despite huge cash pile.

Apple shares skyrocketed 7.77% to $117.62 at 10:14 AM EST on Wednesday. Apple: Winning The Profit Battle, Losing The Smartphone War  If Apple were a country  Alphaville is completely free.

All you have to do is register.

Ready to subscribe, View our subscription options Apple is now a bigger bricks-and-mortar retailer than Penney and Gap NEW YORK (MarketWatch)   Apple Inc. is not just a Silicon Valley juggernaut; it s increasingly running up the score over on Main Street and out at the mall.

Apple AAPL, -0.53% is now the 24th largest retailer in the U.S. by store sales, as of the end of 2014, according to a Euromonitor study compiled for MarketWatch.

That, to be sure, ranks it far behind Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -0.39% , the biggest U.S. in-store retailer, with 13% of the market, followed by Kroger Co. KR, +0.37% , at 3.3%. Worldwide, Apple ranks 39th, ahead of such well-known names as H&M HMB, -0.46% according to Euromonitor data

Euromonitor s data only capture sales generated at companies  stores and don t include online and wholesale sales   a far bigger source of revenue for Apple than many traditional retailers. In the fiscal year that ended Sept. 27, retail sales were just 12% of revenue. Apple didn t break out a figure when it reported record first-fiscal-quarter results on Tuesday.

But even based on this narrower measure of sales, Apple is now bigger than a long list of well-known retailers that includes Bed, Bath & Beyond Inc. BBBY, -0.18% J.C. Penney Co. JCP, -1.83% Trader Joe s, 7-Eleven and Gap Inc. GPS, -2.51%

Among specialty electronics retailers, Apple remains second based on in-store sales behind Best Buy Co. BBY, -0.19% but that gap is shrinking. Apple s share of that market has jumped to 14% from 5.9% in 2009. Best Buy s share declined to 29% from a peak of 33.5% during the same time.

Apple is No. 1 among in-store retailers by one measure: It boasts the highest annual sales per retail square foot. Its $4,600 per square foot in fiscal 2014 bested Tiffany & Co. TIF, -0.61% , whose comparable figure is a bit north of $3,500, and Michael Kors KORS, -0.58% and Lululemon Athletica Inc. LULU, -1.65% , at under $2,000 per square foot each, according to Customer Growth Partners President Craig Johnson.

Also read: Apple joins Elvis and McDonald s in the  billion sold  club Apple snaps up two large buildings from LinkedIn in Sunnyvale  Jefferies Explains Why Apple Could Lose Its 'Cool' Factor To Samsung This Year In a report issued Wednesday, Jefferies commented on Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ: AAPL) earnings. Even though the company posted a record-breaking quarter, which included the sale of 74.5 million iPhones, the firm maintained a Hold rating, mainly because it is concerned  Apple is at risk of losing its  cool  factor this year to Samsung's high-end phones featuring flexible displays, more advanced 14nm semiconductor components, and attractive designs. 

The report explains:  Our [Jefferies ] proprietary survey, Strategy Analytics' user study, and online reviews suggest consumers and carriers are excited about flexible display. In contrast, supply chain expectations for the next iPad and iPhone products from our research partners Fubon in Taiwan appear lackluster. 

Despite having reiterated a Hold, Jefferies boosted its price target on the stock from $120 to $124, implying an upside of more than 13 percent from Tuesday s closing price of $109.14.

Analysts still believe that  Apple needs to raise its game in Cloud Services [an area in which they think Google is leading by a wide margin] to mitigate iOS hardware risk. 

The guidance provided for the current quarter (FQ2) confirms the research firms  view that  iPhone strength is likely to continue near term. 

Therefore, the analysts raised their fiscal 2015 EPS estimates by 7 percent to $9.15 (from $8.52). But,  as iPhone momentum decelerates in 2015, we [the analysts] are concerned Apple is at risk of losing investor confidence, and the investment debate could shift to cash returns and other new products, including the Apple Watch. 

Image credit: Oskar Alexanderson, Wikimedia

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Apple Watch Cloud Services Google iPhoneAnalyst Color Price Target Reiteration Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple has mind-boggling $178 billion in cash to spend Forget about a simple little hole. Apple CEO Tim Cook has a gaping chasm burning in his pocket.

Apple now has $178 billion in cash. Sure, a big chunk of that is held overseas and a large amount of it is technically considered "marketable securities," but those can be turned into cash quickly.

So what will Apple (AAPL, Tech30) do with it? Probably continue to spend on research and development, share buybacks, dividends and maybe some small acquisitions.

In other words, pretty routine stuff.

Related: Apple just posted the best quarter in corporate history

But what if Apple wanted to do something really bold with all that iMoney? Just for fun, here's a list of companies Apple could buy ... and still have some change left over.

Disney: Apple and The House of Mouse have been partners for years. So why not make it official? Disney's DIS

Apple and The House of Mouse have been partners for years. So why not make it official? Amazon and Netflix: Apple could corner the market on streaming video by purchasing both Amazon AMZN Tech30) Netflix NFLX Tech30)

Apple could corner the market on streaming video by purchasing both IBM: Big Blue has fallen on hard times lately. IBM IBM Tech30)

Big Blue has fallen on hard times lately. Uber and Tesla: Rumors of an iCar pop up every now and then. So why not buy Tesla TSLA

Those are just a few ways Cook could get rid of that cash.

He could also buy either Visa (V) or MasterCard (MA) (not even Apple could afford both) to help its Apple Pay service. Apple could scoop up Bank of America (BAC) as well for that matter.

If Apple needs more companies to help produce its upcoming wearable wrist device, Apple could buy all four popular watch makers LVMH (LVMHF), Swatch (SWGAY), Fossil (FOSL) and Movado (MOV).

Related: 74.5 million iPhones is equivalent to ...

Sadly, Apple can't boost its social networking presence by purchasing Facebook (FB, Tech30) (market cap: $213 billion) yet.

But it could buy Twitter (TWTR, Tech30), LinkedIn (LNKD, Tech30), Snapchat and Pinterest. That would only cost Apple about $66 billion for all of them.

These deals are all based on current market prices and do not assume any premiums. But I'm hoping you haven't made it this far under the impression that these are serious suggestions for Cook and Apple.

Still, one market analyst has a thought for how Apple could use that money.

Howard Silverblatt of Standard & Poor's joked in a report that Apple could give all 320 million Americans $556 each.

That's almost as much as what families are saving on gas thanks to plunging oil prices. If Apple called it the Tim Cook rebate, he might be able to be elected president. 
2015-08-03
How Apple Inc.'s iPhone Success Is Hurting Qualcomm, Inc. Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) is well known as a leading provider of smartphone-oriented chips, including applications processors, cellular modems, and connectivity. Its technology is used in many of the latest smartphones, including the wildly popular Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone family of phones, as well as in many major flagship devices that run Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android.

Interestingly, though, the huge success that Apple has seen in capturing market-segment share in high-end smartphones has had a negative impact on the chip giant. Let's take a closer look at why that is.

Let's talk about chip content

A modern smartphone is filled to the brim with chips, which is why the smartphone revolution has been a major boost for many chip companies. Two of the most important chips inside a modern smartphone are the applications processor and the cellular baseband.

Qualcomm has, arguably, the best cellular modem technology today and, at least as far as merchant silicon goes, has leadership in applications processors. This means that for flagship devices from vendors that don't design their own chips (such as Apple), Qualcomm generally gets both the applications processor and baseband spots, usually in the form of a single integrated solution.

In addition to these big-ticket items, a baseband win for Qualcomm often means that additional content comes along for the ride, such as an RF transceiver and even an audio codec chip.

Taking a closer look

To get a sense of what I've described, let's look at the teardowns of Apple's latest iPhone 6 and the LG G4, a top-tier Android flagship phone.

In iFixit's iPhone 6 teardown, the site reported finding the following Qualcomm chips:

Modem

Envelope tracking chip

Power management chip

RF transceiver and companion chip for carrier aggregation

iFixit's teardown of the G4 reveals the following Qualcomm-developed chips:

Snapdragon 808 processor (combines applications processor and modem)

Two power management chips

RF Transceiver

Audio codec

It's pretty clear that Qualcomm is providing more chip value into the LG G4 than it is into the iPhone 6, especially since Apple designs its own applications processor, and I suspect that this holds true for many of the Qualcomm-powered Android flagships relative to the iPhone 6.

Further, given that Apple tends to buy chips in extremely high volumes (and is known for its hardball supplier negotiation tactics), sales to Apple of a particular component might represent lower-margin business than sales to a non-Apple vendor.

What has been the impact to Qualcomm's business as a result?

On Qualcomm's most recent earnings call, management indicated that "share concentration in the premium tier affected demand for certain OEM devices that use [Qualcomm] chipsets more than our previous expectations."

In other words, share shift toward Apple's iPhone -- and, potentially, toward the Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S6, which uses a Samsung-developed processor and, in some regions, a Samsung modem -- meant fewer sales of devices such as the LG G4.

This share shift, according to Qualcomm, has led to a situation in which Qualcomm's customers need to adjust their own inventory levels downward to be more in line with demand, driving down demand for Qualcomm processors.

Qualcomm's cost cuts make sense

The high end of the mobile-processor market is typically more lucrative than the lower end, where average selling prices are lower and there's more competition.

With the high end of Qualcomm's business now seeing pressure from the success of Apple's iPhone (and there's no sign that Apple is going to drop the ball anytime soon), as well as the loss of the applications processor spot in the Galaxy S6, it shouldn't come as a surprise that the company is trying to bring down its cost structure to align with a future in which the high end of the market remains difficult for merchant chip vendors.

The good news, though, is that Qualcomm executives have signaled that it plans to bring operating margins of its chip business up to at least 16% by the fourth quarter of its fiscal 2016, up from the 2-4% it expects in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015.

These expectations, per Qualcomm CFO George Davis, do not "assume the potential upsides from market improvement or recovery of premium tier share at a leading vertical OEM."

I'll be keeping a close eye on the progress that Qualcomm makes in expanding the operating margins of its chip business. Apple sets stage for San Jose campus with 15000 workers SAN JOSE   Apple has bought a large parcel in North San Jose along First Street, enough land for an office and research campus where the technology titan could eventually have up to 15,000 workers, public records show.

Cupertino-based Apple paid $138.2 million in cash on July 31 for the 40-acre site near North First Street and Component Drive, according to county records. The land sale represents a healthy profit for the seller, an affiliate of Connecticut-based Five Mile Capital Partners, which paid $40 million for the property in 2010.

 Apple definitely could grow that much,  said Tim Bajarin, principal analyst with Campbell-based Creative Strategies, a market research firm.  This land purchase represents a strong belief in Apple s future growth. 

The North San Jose land, which is approved for construction of a total of 2.8 million square feet of offices rivals the size of the  spaceship  complex now under construction in Cupertino. Apple intends to move 13,000 workers to the spaceship site, which will become its world headquarters.

The newly acquired land is adjacent to a 290,000-square-foot building that Apple recently agreed to lease from Ellis Partners. Together, the land and the building form the early makings of a major San Jose campus for the iPhone maker.

 It s mind-boggling what Apple is doing,  said Terry Bell, a senior vice president with Colliers International, a commercial realty firm.  Nothing surprises me any more with Apple s growth. It s tough to get your arms around the scope of Apple s appetite to expand. 

The purchased land and the leased building could accommodate 15,000 workers if the empty lot is fully built out and Apple occupies the entire building it rented.

 You look at what Apple is doing with their current platforms, plus the rumors of an Apple TV, (and) something to do with the automotive industry to change the way vehicles operate,  Bajarin said.  Apple clearly believes it is on a strong growth path and will need a lot more workers and skilled talent in Silicon Valley. 

Last month, Apple leased 318,000 square feet in Santa Clara through two transactions that will enable the company to move 1,600 workers to a site near Great America Parkway and Highway 237.

A few years ago, Apple had leased a couple of big buildings in Santa Clara on Stevens Creek Boulevard and also has been busy renting offices in Sunnyvale as it paves the way for a huge expansion of its operations.

Apple is far from the only technology company to wolf down big servings of land or buildings in Silicon Valley.

Google has been expanding in Mountain View, Sunnyvale, Palo Alto and Redwood City. LinkedIn is laying major growth plans for Mountain View and Sunnyvale. Facebook is expanding an already big footprint in Menlo Park. And Palo Alto Networks has committed to nearly 1 million square feet in Santa Clara. Samsung is building a huge regional headquarters in North San Jose.

 We have never seen growth activity like this from so many major companies,  Bell said.  This expansion has staying power. 

Contact George Avalos at 408-859-5167. Follow him at Twitter.com/georgeavalos. Apple Inc. Watch Sales: Supplier Unable To Hit 'Break Even' Apple may be secretive about Apple Watch sales numbers, but one of the suppliers has hinted that those numbers are disappointing. Last month however, Apple said the gadget exceeded its expectations.

Apple supplier well short of target

Now it seems that Apple was overstating demand as one of the OEMs which supplies parts for the wearable claims demand for the watch is so dismal that it is unable to hit break-even volumes.

The information comes from The Wall Street Journal, which cites Bernstein Research analyst Mark Li. According to Li, a subsidiary of Taiwan-based Advanced Semiconductor Engineering (ASE) which makes system-in-package (SiP) cases for the watch told investors that it had yet to hit a  break even volume  of 2 million units per month in the second-quarter. In addition, ASE believes it will not hit break-even numbers even in the third quarter.

The revelation from ASE s subsidiary during its earnings call could be a warning for other Apple Watch suppliers as the current period is usually seen as a busy one from a manufacturing point of view with the holiday season approaching. Li further notes that even the fourth quarter is uncertain for ASE s subsidiary as it was non-committal on reaching the required sales numbers in the quarter.

 The shortfall of Apple Watch is a disappointment. We came in with a low expectation but below break-even still surprised us,  Li stated in his research note.

Suspense about actual sales number

Apple has been quiet on the watch sales number, including watch sales in the  other  category with the Apple TV, the iPod, etc. One point to note is that the  other  category posted a profit in the last quarter. When asked about the Apple Watch numbers during the earnings call last month, Apple CEO Tim Cook said the  sell-through was higher than the comparable launch periods of the original iPhone or the original iPad.  In addition, replying to reports that watch sales are slowing, Cook said sales were more in June than in April and May.

However, ASE s numbers do suggest that the gadget is not selling as well as many had expected. In May, Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty expected Apple to ship 36 million units of the watch in the first year. Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster recently slashed his watch sales estimate for the second quarter from 3 million to 2.5 million. Apple Falls Below Its 200-Day Moving Average for First Time Since 2013 The bull market s base just lost another brick.

To the collapse in breadth and falling earnings, add a correction in Apple Inc. to the list of concerns facing investors. The iPhone maker has slipped 13 percent since hitting an all-time high in February, entering correction territory on Monday and dropping below another chart threshold, its 200-day moving average, for the first time since 2013.

It s good news for neither Apple bulls nor the larger market, where the stock makes up 3.7 percent of the Standard & Poor s 500 Index and 13 percent of the Nasdaq 100 Index. Shares of the Cupertino, California-based company have fallen 10 of the last 11 days.

 Any time you get that type of a market leader with that big of a following, it is disconcerting to see it break trend,  said Peter Sorrentino, a Cincinnati-based fund manager at Huntington Asset Advisors Inc., which oversees $1.8 billion including Apple shares.  It is a popular stock and it had to lose speed, but for the broader market it makes one wonder if we are staring down a price correction. 

Latest Blow

Apple fell 1.8 percent to $116.27, a six-month low, at 9:55 a.m. in New York. The S&P 500 was little changed at 2,099.05.

The iPhone maker s shares had spent 471 sessions above the 200-day threshold, last falling below it in September 2013. It entered a correction territory today after coming within 40 cents of one on July 9 before rallying.

Apple s latest decline is another blow to U.S. equities, which have struggled to break out of a 90-point range since February as market leadership has thinned. Apple s stock has been responsible for more of the S&P 500 s bull market gains than any other stock, with its 10-fold increase accounting for 5.3 percent of the run since March 2009.

The last time Apple slipped more than 10 percent was in December during a decline that lasted 13 days. The S&P 500 dropped 4.8 percent over the stretch before rallying to fresh records at the end of the month.

Apple s latest drop began on July 21, as the stock recorded its steepest post-earnings tumble since January 2013 after disappointing iPhone sales rekindled concerns over whether the company can keep making must-have products. While Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook has succeeded in introducing an entirely new category with the Apple Watch, sales remain modest, indicating that Apple will have to keep relying on the iPhone to fuel growth.

Losses in Chinese equities, where almost $4 trillion was erased from June to July, may leave consumers with less money to buy gadgets in a market Cook expects to become Apple s biggest. Apple got 17.4 percent of its revenue from China in its last full-year reporting period, Bloomberg data show.

Punished Companies

For a large stock such as Apple breaking down,  it would give any investors a cause of concern,  said Albert Brenner, who helps manage $5.6 billion as director of asset allocation strategy at People s United Bank Wealth Management in Bridgeport, Connecticut.

At the same time,  the market has held up while Apple is trading down,  he said.  Investors have to come to terms with if it reflects a change in either market sentiment or company fundamentals, or both. 

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

This earnings season has been less than an overwhelming success for S&P 500 technology firms, ravaged by a strong U.S. dollar and the decline in personal-computer demand. They ve beaten analysts  earnings estimates at a 71 percent pace so far in the season, data compiled by Bloomberg show. The rate is lower than for the entire S&P 500 -- at 74 percent -- with notable misses including Yahoo! Inc. and Oracle Corp.

Technology companies whose results impressed investors have carried the S&P 500 to a 2.5 percent gain since its earnings season unofficially began July 8. Amazon.com Inc., Google Inc. and Netflix Inc. have jumped more than 22 percent since then.

In the Nasdaq 100, companies have swung up or down an average of more than 5 percent immediately after reporting results in the past three weeks, the highest since 2012, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Those that disappointed investors tumbled 4.8 percent while those pleasing them gained 5.3 percent, according to data through the end of last week.

Apple  has had an incredible run over the last several years and the earnings were mildly disappointing to some people, so there were some extreme momentum players that used that as an excuse to lighten up,  said Marshall Front, the Chicago-based chief investment officer at Front Barnett Associates LLC.  We ve been in a correction of sorts so it s not surprising that even the strongest companies with the brightest prospects can get nixed.  
2015-09-04
Don't Count on an OLED iPhone From Apple, Inc. in 2015 With less than a week to go until Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) September 2015 keynote event, the rumor mill has reached a fever pitch. Speculators have called for Apple to unveil everything from an iPad Pro to a new version of Apple TV, iOS updates, and an updated iPhone line.

Whether any or all of these reports have merit remains to be seen. But there's one in particular I don't believe: namely, that Apple's newest iPhones will feature OLED displays.

Don't get me wrong: As a longtime shareholder of OLED specialist Universal Display Corporation (NASDAQ:OLED), I'd love nothing more than to see Apple shift away from the LCD displays its current iPhone models employ. Heck, a few days ago, I even singled out Universal Display as one of five top stocks to buy this month. But I didn't choose it because of an imminent expansion further into Apple's repertoire.

I do believe Apple will eventually shift its products lines to OLED. Just not yet.

The rumor has merit

Driving the latest speculation was a purported leaked image of the new iPhone 6s Plus. Specifically, that box shows the phone with a picture of a koi fish on the screen, which led some industry watchers to suggest the iPhone 6s may feature motion wallpapers similar to those used in the Apple Watch. However, the additional graphics processing used for such motion wallpapers unavoidably drain the device's battery more quickly than static images -- something for which the Apple Watch's power-sipping OLED display may help compensate for.

That's not to say motion backgrounds for the iPhone would be a surprise. When The New Yorker published a profile of Apple Chief Design Officer Jony Ive this past February, Ive lamented that the iPhone 6's static wallpaper approach "feels very, very old" compared to its wrist-worn colleague.

The New Yorker wrote: "He went on to explain that an Apple Watch uses a new display technology whose blacks are blacker than those in an iPhone's L.E.D. Display. This makes it easier to mask the point where, beneath a glass surface, a display ends and its frame begins. An Apple Watch Jellyfish swims in deep space, and becomes, Ive said, as much an attribute of the watch as an image."

Ive's mention of the Apple Watch's deep blacks was an obvious reference to the fact that OLED materials emit their own light when excited by an electric current, so they don't require a backlight. This allows designers to individually turn off unused pixels in an OLED display, eliminating the slight haze emitted on black screens by competing backlit LCDs.

Wrong timing

On one hand, this seems to indicate that Apple has a desire to transition to OLED for its iPhone line. On the other hand, I'm not convinced the supply chain is ready for such a transition.

First, consider that, in January this year, Apple reportedly contracted longtime suppliers Foxconn and Innolux to build a $2.6 billion OLED display factory for both wearables and a roughly five-inch smartphone. But according to sources familiar with that situation, the target for mass production at the factory was either 2016 or 2017.

Meanwhile, in March 2015, Apple made a billion-dollar prepayment to help build and secure exclusive capacity from a new LCD factory run by Japan Display. This factory has a targeted opening of 2016, which prompted analysts at JPMorgan to speculate that Apple would almost certainly keep using LCDs for at least one more model iteration of iPhones.

Finally, in July, LG Display (NYSE:LPL) announced it would invest nearly $900 million in a new production line at its plant in Gumi, South Korea, for flexible OLED displays. LG Display is currently Apple's top supplier of similar flexible OLED displays for the Apple Watch, and consequently counts itself as Universal Display's second-largest customer behind Samsung. So its move to aggressively expand production serves as yet another indication of an impending shift by Apple for OLED to a larger product line.

But here again, LG Display's new production line isn't scheduled to start mass production until the first half of 2017. This means that the earliest Apple would be able to secure enough OLED display inventory to meet demand would be later that year.

While I still think Apple wants to reveal an OLED iPhone as soon as possible, I'd be absolutely shocked if it does so at next week's keynote. In Austin, Apple quietly booming, transforming tech sector's culture It might be one of the best-kept secrets of Austin s technology sector: Apple Inc., the world s largest consumer electronics company, is in the middle of explosive growth here in Central Texas.

Along a winding road off Research Boulevard in Northwest Austin, Apple has quietly transformed 38 acres of wooded land into its second-largest operation in the world.

When the California-based technology giant completes the campus in 2016, it will include seven limestone-and-glass office buildings with a combined 1.1 million square feet of space with restaurants, smoothie and coffee bars along with a full-scale gym with two saunas and a spa-like wellness center with services including medical, dental and eye care, acupuncture and massage.

Apple s investment in Austin is a significant statement for the Central Texas technology sector, local tech experts say   in part because it expands Apple s Silicon Valley culture across the Austin ecosystem.

 When Apple puts its stamp of approval on Austin like this, people notice,  said Mark McClain, CEO of Austin software maker SailPoint and chairman of the Austin Technology Council.  We want to be recognized as a great place to build a tech company, and this sends the message that we have the ingredients.

As Apple pushes full speed ahead to finish out construction on its new Austin site, it is doing the same with hiring.

Apple is in line to receive $35 million in tax incentives from the city, county and state for its Austin expansion. The company says it has already created more than 5,000 jobs in Austin, including 600 in the past year. It currently has hundreds of open positions here, both for jobs at the new campus and at other locations.

 Apple is the most successful high-tech company on the planet right now, and they re choosing Austin,  said tech analyst Patrick Moorhead of Moor Insights & Strategy.  The reason Apple picked Austin is that, by comparison to a lot of other cities, it offers a very educated workforce, it has a deep pool of high-tech talent, and it s a draw for many employees around the country. Especially when you re trying to attract millennials, Austin is a really good place to be. 

Under the terms of the 2012 incentives package, Apple agreed to create more than 3,600 new full-time jobs in Austin while retaining at least 3,100 existing full-time jobs. The company says it is well ahead of hiring projections, and, if Apple reaches those hiring figures, it would make it the second-largest technology employer in Central Texas behind Dell Inc., which has about 14,000 local workers.

The company also agreed to spend $282 million on new buildings and equipment in Austin over the next decade. Apple s new campus, at West Parmer Lane and Delcour Drive, is responsible for running the company s business operations for the entire Western Hemisphere.

The first four buildings on the campus have opened, and, by the time all seven are completed by late next year, the site will house thousands of workers needed to support Apple s continued growth. The average wage for those new jobs will be $54,000 a year in the first year of the expansion and will grow to $73,500 in year 10.

The ripple effects will be felt all across Austin s technology industry, McClain said.

 Some people will come to work for Apple and get the entrepreneurial bug and go start a company. Others will eventually leave to join local tech companies that need their expertise,  McClain said.  It will help create a new wave of talent. 

 Critical to Apple s success 

Apple is seeking a wide range of skills at its new campus, including finance, human resources, corporate sales, customer support, information systems and accounting. Some of the openings target workers who are fluent in Spanish or Portuguese, which is critical for working with the company s sizable business in Latin America. The company also is hiring in software and hardware engineering.

But the new campus is just part of Apple s ambitious growth plans for Austin.

In March, Apple bought the nearby Riata Crossing complex, which has four office buildings with 350,000 square feet of space that the company had been leasing. Apple paid about $84 million for the complex, according to commercial real estate sources.

In April, Apple signed a lease for the entire 216,000-square-foot Capital Ridge office building under construction in Southwest Austin. The company isn t saying what work will be done at the various locations.

 Austin is really critical to Apple s success worldwide, and the biggest concentration of employees outside of our Cupertino headquarters are there,  said Denise Young Smith, Apple s head of human resources.  It s not just one large department, it s a collection of really critical functions. 

Young Smith said that while company was drawn here by its talent pool, the decision to grow in Austin was also spurred by Apple s cultural connection to the region.

 Austin has always been a voice and proponent of diversity and inclusiveness,  Young Smith said.  And there is also diversity in terms of talent, including the music and artistic community. We like that cross-pollination, and the job candidates that have been able to hire because of it. 

Fast-paced expansion

In Apple, Austin is getting a first-hand look at California-style technology culture, said Roger Kay, an analyst with Endpoint Technologies Associates.

 California is really forward-thinking about employee health and well-being, and Apple has embraced that, especially in the past few years,  Kay said.  It is self-interest on the companies  part, because it gets better productivity out of employees. But it s a win-win because employees who are more satisfied tend to stay with the company and be better performers. 

Despite stock market uncertainty and an economic slowdown in China, Apple is still in growth mode. The company reported another jump in profits during the third quarter as demand for iPhones soared. Apple said that it sold 47.5 million iPhones during the three months ending in June 27. It posted a profit of $10.7 billion for the quarter on revenue of $49.6 billion.

Its biggest challenge, Kay said, is scaling the business to continue its fast-paced global expansion. To do that, it will rely on its 110,000-person workforce, which is often characterized as driven, hard-working and loyal.

 How does it take what it did well for 10 million customers and do it well for 100 million customers? They have to add more people, but they also need to re-engineer procedures so things don t fall between the cracks,  Kay said.

At Apple s Austin campus, the culture starts with the quiet, Zen-like feel of the place. Like Apple s products, the buildings feature a sleek design, with minimalist interiors, lots of open space, stark white walls and green building technology.

Apple, which has a reputation for intense secretiveness, last week allowed an American-Statesman reporter and photographer to tour the campus for the first time.

Outdoors, the campus also has an open feel, with native landscaping, limestone paths, a large water fountain and an expansive grass area. The restaurants and cafes offer a wide selection of culinary options, including wood-fired pizzas, salads and Southern cuisine.

But it s the wellness center that sets the Austin campus apart. The 14,000-square-foot space, which is scheduled to open in two weeks, has the feel of a high-end spa resort. It employs two full-time physicians for primary and urgent care, as well as a dentist and dental hygienist; an optometrist and vision care center; chiropractic care; acupuncture, massage, physical therapy, registered dietitians; mental health and other counseling and a pharmacy.

Apple officials say they expect most employees and their families will use the center for their primary health care needs. The wait time at the center is five minutes or less for 95 percent of the visits, and Apple says doctors spend three times more time with a patient than at a typical clinic.

The company doesn t disclose the cost for patients, but it said care and services through the center are discounted for employees on their insurance plans, compared with other providers and outside clinics. Apple offers reduced co-pays as well.

Beyond its new campus, Apple s reach is extending into the Austin community, a city official said.

Apple recently collaborated with the city s Small and Minority Business Resources Department to host a networking event to introduce Austin business owners to Apple s Supplier Diversity team. A survey of the 35 small firms that attended showed they appreciated the  one to one meetings  and found the company exhibited  a sense of sincere care for our community,  said David Colligan, manager of global business recruitment and expansion in the city s Economic Development Department.

Said Colligan:  We are already seeing signs of how strong of a corporate citizen Apple plans to be in Austin, Texas.  Apple Is Wrong To Limit Free Item Giveaways On Games  Apple: Will iPhone Market Share Decline In The Long Term?  
2015-12-08
Apple's expansion is latest sign that tech spillover from Bay Area is rising  Is Apple The World's Most Innovative Company? The Boston Consulting Group ranks Apple as the world s most innovative company in a report it issued last week. Apple has topped BCG s list of 50 companies every year since 2005 when it inaugurated the ranking. That s quite a contrast to Forbes  2015 list of the 100 most innovative companies. Apple doesn t make the cut at all. Forbes  No. 1: Tesla Motors, the Palo Alto electric car maker owned by billionaire Elon Musk. Tesla is No. 3 on BCG s list. The second company on Forbes  list, San Francisco cloud computing services company Salesforce, ranks on BCG s list this year at No. 49. But the third company on the Forbes list, Alexion, the Cheshire, CT biopharma company that specializes in drugs for people with rare diseases, doesn t make BCG s top 50.

Why such a contrast? Methodology. BCG quizzed 1,500 senior executives representing a wide variety of industries around the world, simply asking them to name the most innovative companies both within their field and outside it. Those votes counted for 60% of the ranking. Then it looked at the five-year growth in total shareholder return, which accounted for 40% of the ranking. The problem with BCG s method: It is backward-looking, failing to account for future innovation.

Forbes  methodology is far more complex and skewed toward the future. See this post by Forbes contributors and innovation consultants Jeff Dyer and Hal Gregersen, who put it together. Dyer is a business professor at Brigham Young University and Gregersen at MIT Sloan. Together they run a Utah consulting and training firm called The Innovator s DNA. They don t base their ranking on popularity or, as they put it,  editorial whims.  Rather they look at how investors pick out firms that they believe are innovative right now and will be in the future. They take into account cash flows from existing businesses and the net present values of those cash flows. Then they compare those numbers with the current enterprise value (market capitalization plus debt, minority interest and preferred shares, minus cash equivalents). The methodology is a bit more complicated than that, using an algorithm that incorporates historical cash flows, but I think I m conveying the gist. Looking through this lens, Apple has a positive premium of 10.2%, write Dyer and Gregersen, but that puts it way down at 282nd place.

Is that the best way to look at Apple? Numbers aside, you could argue that the company is iterative rather than innovative. Sure, it revolutionized personal computers, completely changed the way people get music and reinvented the smartphone. But aside from those big steps, which came years apart, it hasn t modified its products very much, aside from small, steady improvements over time, like introducing lighter, more powerful laptops, better phone cameras and brighter, bigger screens. On a month-to-month basis, there s not much happening compared to, say, Android, with its six-inch phablets, bending displays and split keyboards, seemingly released all the time. More important to Dyer and Gregersen, the numbers just don t show Apple innovating in investors  eyes.

But I talked to two partners at BCG who are co-authors of the report, Hadi Zablit in the Paris office and Andrew Taylor in Chicago, who convinced me that, despite the Forbes analysis, Apple is truly innovative.  Apple defines how you do innovation in mobile devices,  says Zablit. Apple sets the rhythm of the industry with its yearly launches, he says.  Samsung follows them.  Apple is also very good at expanding  adjacencies,  like launching mobile payments on smartphones and evolving its music offerings from buying songs to its new subscription service, Apple Music, introduced in late June (as of late October it already had 6.5 million subscribers).  They are a master at expanding their footprint to get new revenue,  he says.  Innovation is something new that a customer will pay for. 

Taylor also believes that buying into new products and services is a form of innovation. Apple didn t have a headphone business so it bought Beats Electronics as well as the Beats Music streaming service for $3 billion last year.  When you re Apple and you see the super-high-end headphone market exploding, you ve got a choice,  he says.  They re using M&A to enter into adjacent spaces and increase the value of the systems they offer. 

Apple s stock price has been up and down in the past year, moving from $114 in early December 2014 to $133 in late February and back down to $118. But while I m no tech columnist, and with apologies to professors Dyer and Gregersen, I believe that its revolutionary products, acquisition of Beats and upgrades that seem to improve existing devices without fail, combine to make Apple truly innovative. After all, it applied for 780 patents last year, according to an Inc. ranking (Apple rates No. 11 on that list). A new post by my colleague Liyan Chen shows that hedge funds run by five billionaires are selling Apple stock. I also don t consider myself qualified to make stock recommendations and I won t attempt to predict the future, but I think Apple deserves its spot at the top of BCG s list.

Here are BCG s top 10 most innovative companies:

Apple Google Tesla Motors Microsoft Samsung Group Toyota BMW Gilead Sciences Amazon Daimler

Also on Forbes: 
2015-07-11
3 Reasons Why Apple, Inc. Ordering 90 Million iPhones Isn't All That Surprising This week The Wall Street Journal reported that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is telling its manufacturing companies to produce a record number of its next generation iPhones -- to the tune of 85 million to 90 million by the end of the year. That's quite a large number considering the company sold 74.5 million iPhones in its current record sales quarter, fiscal Q1 2015.

This means Apple's gearing up for what it thinks will be another huge launch for its next versions of the iPhone this fall, followed by a stellar holiday sales season. But Apple's not being pretentious here. I think the company is focusing on a few logical reasons for placing such a big iPhone order.





Matching production with demand

Last year, when Apple first introduced its larger iPhone 6 and 6 Plus, the company had a few minor problems meeting demand. After the devices went on sale for preorder in September, the iPhone 6 Plus shipped up to four weeks after a customer made their purchase. With any new product launch, a little bit of wait-time is generally expected, but Apple likely doesn't want to repeat this problem again.

We need to look no further than Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) recent production issues to see how important it is to get the numbers right. The world's largest smartphone maker just reported that its operating profits fell once again in the most recent quarter, this time in part because Samsung overestimated demand for the S6 and vastly underestimated demand for the S6 Edge. That lead to a glut of S6 phones and left consumers waiting for the curved S6 Edge, which lead to poorer sales numbers.

Apple's all-important Chinese smartphone market is on fire

Apple said back in April that iPhone sales in the Greater China region (which includes mainland China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan) have surpassed sales in the U.S., and that revenue in the country is now larger than in Europe. In the quarter ending in March, iPhone unit sales were up 72% year over year.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster said in a research note a few months ago that, "We believe the China growth story will continue, despite recent changes from the Chinese government that added Apple to its 'do not purchase' list."

Apple CEO Tim Cook has also said that Apple's developer community in China is growing. He said back in April that, "The Chinese developers are coming on in significant numbers," and that there is "enormous momentum" building in that community. And as anyone from the Microsoft community will tell you, you need to have a strong developer community creating apps in order to drive phone sales.

Samsung's sales are stalling

This week, Samsung announced that its operating profit fell by 4% in Q2, bringing the seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year declines. The company's mobile division has struggled to deliver the same in-demand devices it once did.

Samsung still is the world's largest smartphone maker, but competition from lower-priced devices in India and China have hurt sales in those countries. Users are flocking to other Android devices created by local companies.

Last year, Samsung's flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S5, failed to perform as well as previous versions of the device. That setback was supposed to be offset by the revamped S6 and S6 Edge, but as mentioned earlier, the company miscalculated the demand, which hurt sales. Analysts are now predicting a 28% drop in Samsung's mobile operating income in Q2.

Samsung's smartphone mobile losses are Apple's gain. As users cool to Samsung's high-end devices, the iPhone maker will offer new iterations of the already-popular iPhone 6 line-up -- and likely steal away more users in the high-end market.

Nothing's set in stone

Of course, WSJ could be wrong about the 90 million iPhone production figure, or Apple could fail to deliver on all or some of its current opportunities and actually sell far less than that. But for now, it appears the company is perfectly positioned to see more iPhone growth, and there doesn't seem to be much standing in its way. Fed. Circ. Grants Stays To Apple, Samsung In Smartflash Case Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. 
2015-02-16
Apple Inc.'s Streaming Service Will Crush Pandora and Spotify Tech powerhouse Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has had music on the mind lately.

According to reports, Apple is well under way in the development of an on-demand music service that will push the tech powerhouse's streaming capabilities well beyond the scope of its current Pandora Music (NYSE:P) competitor -- iTunes Radio.

It's widely believed this pending Apple product will steer Apple's streaming service toward on-demand streaming, the streaming bastion currently dominated by privately held firms like Spotify and Rdio. However, since this story originally broke, a fresh spate of details has emerged that investors in Apple and its competition will certainly want to watch. Let's dive in.

The new news

Thanks to reporting originally broken by Apple blog 9to5Mac, we now have a much clearer sense of exactly how Apple's upcoming on-demand offering will both look and function.

As many had suspected, the service's technological innards will lean heavily on the code Apple acquired from Beats' Beats Music streaming product, although the outer facade will match Apple's other music products. As was also to be expected, Apple plans on deeply integrating the new product across iTunes, iOS, and Apple TV. Perhaps most importantly, Apple will overhaul the Music app to incorporate the service on top of its current iTunes and iTunes Radio software.

The software will retain some key functions from Beats Music that have proved successful with consumers, such as its pre-existing thematic playlists, Activities and Mixes features, and its social networking capabilities. Apple will also launch an Android version of this app, mimicking its hugely successful strategy with iTunes on desktop. And in a not-so-subtle knock, Apple won't develop a version for Microsoft's Windows Phone. Lastly, the service's pricing remains in flux, but given the competitive landscape, a price point somewhere between $5.99 and $9.99 is a virtual certainty.

What does this do for Apple?

Although we may have assumed many of these details simply by virtue of understanding the streaming industry as a whole, it's hard to see how moving into on-demand won't strengthen Apple's hand in a few ways.

With the looming release of this on-demand streaming product, Apple will now have what I'm naming here the "holy trifecta" of digital music -- direct ownership, radio, and on-demand -- all baked into a single app. This matters immensely as both Pandora and Spotify have pioneered and grown to dominate one element of the online music experience. However, they both failed to fully address all ideal aspects of the user listening experience. I personally stopped using Pandora in favor of Spotify Premium years ago, but I've always found Spotify's radio capability woefully inadequate. There are clear weak points in either offering that could be exposed if a more robust competitor enters the market. Why didn't Spotify and Pandora merge, again?

And now, so long as the final product doesn't end up being overly convoluted, Apple will able to offer powerful versions of both radio and streaming, while also leaving the door open for digital ownership should a user really feel the need to own a given track. I'm having a hard time seeing how this doesn't drastically tip the scale back in Apple's favor at the direct expense of its competition. However, there are a few minor risk factors that bear consideration, here.

What could go wrong?

As I mentioned above, I am concerned about the massive amount of functionality Apple apparently intends to pack into this single space. Putting iTunes, iTunes Radio, and now this unnamed on-demand service into under a single roof is an ambitious undertaking from a UI design perspective.

When he was helping design the iPod, Steve Jobs' used an unsurprisingly stringent constraint for his engineering teams. He required that the user should be able to access any a song or function in no more than three clicks, and it occurs to me that bringing a similar level of simplicity and intuitiveness to the new Music app's experience will be no small feat.

It's also important to note that Apple's new on-demand offering won't kill either Pandora or Spotify -- at least overnight. Each company is large enough, with diverse enough user bases, that Apple's introduction of this new service won't signal either's death. However, it will create a superior product and, thus, a very real challenge to both of their core businesses.

According to the report, delays between the Beats and Apple camps have pushed the likely launch date from early 2015 toward the summer. Apple has used its World Wide Developers Conference in June to unveil past iTunes upgrades, so I'd say circle your calendars for the WWDC keynote as the most likely launch date. And even if we haven't laid eyes on the final product, one thing's for sure: Apple's about to retake the lead in streaming in a big way later this year. 1 Incredible Chart That Captures The Magic of Apple, Inc.'s Share Repurchase ... Generally speaking, share repurchase programs sometimes get a bad rap. There are two common criticisms of share repurchase programs. They can fail to offset dilution from equity-based compensation to employees, and/or they can be spectacularly mistimed.

However, in Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) case, its share repurchase program has been an unqualified success that has dramatically benefited shareholders since its inception.

The best kind of plunge

With regards to how a share repurchase program ultimately affects shares outstanding, just take a look at how Apple's shares outstanding has plunged in recent years. In this case, plunging is a good thing for investors.

When companies tout buybacks, but those buybacks don't actually reduce shares outstanding, it amounts to posturing. Buybacks only deliver real shareholder value to the extent that they reduce shares outstanding, thereby driving earnings accretion.

In just over two years, Apple has reduced its total shares outstanding by 12%, bringing its share count to levels that the company hasn't seen in a decade. That's how earnings-per-share growth has outpaced net income growth in recent quarters. For instance, last quarter earnings per share soared 48%, easily outpacing net income growth of 39%.

To date, Apple has repurchased nearly $73 billion in shares. That's an incredible sum that exceeds the market caps of most companies. Buying back that much stock inevitably reduces shares outstanding by a lot.

Apple is cheap

In the wake of last quarter, Apple continues to push higher into uncharted territory, hitting fresh all-time highs and just recently becoming the first company to ever top $700 billion in market cap. In fact, if Apple hadn't been repurchasing shares so aggressively, its market cap would be closer to $810 billion right about now.

Needless to say, Apple's timing on its repurchases has been quite successful. The company bet big on itself during the pullback that occurred in 2013, which has paid off handsomely. Apple has long been cheap by many traditional valuation metrics (even now Apple trades at a discount to the S&P 500), so it may have seemed like an easy call from management's perspective.

Perhaps the most badly timed share repurchase program in recent memory was Netflix's terrible trade in 2011, where the online video streamer bought back shares at $221 only to turn around and sell shares to institutional investors ... at $70 per share. At the time, Netflix was trading at 70 times earnings, calling into question how prudent the buybacks were. With shares now over $450, it's all in the rear view mirror, but Netflix did destroy quite a bit of shareholder value with its poor timing.

For now, Apple's share repurchase program has worked wonders for investors thanks to its sheer size and accretive effects. The company's timing has also been fortunate, taking advantage of the prolonged dip to invest in itself. 
2015-07-14
Taylor Swift and Apple: The back story Remember Taylor Swift's " love letter " to Apple? Well, here's the back story, at least from the point of view of her record label.

Speaking at Fortune  s Brainstorm Tech conference in Aspen on Monday evening, record label executive Scott Borchetta who discovered and signed Swift when she was only 14 years old told the audience that the conversation actually started between him and Apple in the days preceding Swift's letter. The iPhone maker was on the cusp of launching its new streaming music service, and had planned not to pay artists during an initial three-month period in which the service would be available free to consumers.

"'I can't support this, you need to pay us from the first stream,'" Borchetta, the CEO of Big Machine Records, says he told Apple execs. "And those conversations led up to the weekend where Taylor posted the blog."

According to Borchetta, he hadn't spoken to Swift earlier in the week, and was caught by surprise when she let him know about her letter.

"She literally texted me and said, 'Don't be mad,' with the link," Borchetta said. "She was in Europe. I responded and said, 'You don t have any idea how good your timing is right now.'"

After Swift's letter made huge waves, Borchetta's conversations with Apple quickly turned to his (and, presumably, artists') favor. The following day, a Monday, he had a conference call with Apple executives Jimmy Iovine and Eddy Cue. By that evening, the iPhone maker, which was just about to launch its new streaming music service, agreed to Swift's requests: To pay artists from the very first stream, even during the three month period in which the service would be free to consumers.

"You haven t launched yet," Borchetta says he told Apple. "You can do the right thing. And if you do the right thing the artist community globally is going to look at you as the good guys."

Scooter Braun, the founder of entertainment and media company SB Projects (and perhaps better known as Justin Bieber's manager), also participated in the conversation on Monday evening. According to the talent manager, many more artists and music industry executives were protesting Apple's controversial policy behind the scenes, though Swift's letter gave the "fight" the extra push it needed.

"Everyone was fighting that fight," Braun told the audience. "Taylor pushed it over the edge. She made them aware it wasn't just the executives. Sometimes it's good to hear the artists saying it."

For more coverage from this year's Fortune Brainstorm Tech, click here . Samsung's Strategy to Beat Apple Inc's iPhones: Launch the Galaxy Note 5 Sooner Let's not beat around the bush: Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) is scared of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). Amid stalling sales of its flagship Galaxy S lineup and continually decreasing mobile profits, Samsung is desperate to find its footing as it battles the popular iPhone 6 and 6 Plus.

Its latest attempt, according to The Wall Street Journal, is to bump up its launch of its new Note 5 phablet from this coming February to next month. The earlier release would circumvent a timing dilemma Samsung had last year when it introduced the Note 4 days before the new iPhones, but started selling the devices a few weeks after Apple's latest devices went on sale.

Samsung's in the odd position of being the world's No. 1 smartphone vendor, yet having its profits continually decline -- and it's trying everything it can to reverse that trend.

If you can't beat 'em, launch earlier

For a few years Samsung held the upper hand in the so-called phablet market (devices larger than most smartphone displays but smaller than tablets). But when Apple introduced the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus last year it started a head-to-head competition for Samsung's 5.7-inch Note.

Apple's larger iPhones have been nothing short of a major success for the company. In fiscal Q1 2015, Apple sold more iPhones than any other previous quarter -- a total of 74.5 million -- with the new devices being a major driver of those sales. That allowed Apple to temporarily take the top-selling smartphone title away from Samsung at the end of 2014.

But more importantly, the competition between Apple and Samsung, along with increasing competition in China, has weighed Samsung down.

Last week the company announced its Q2 2015 preliminary results, showing that operating profit fell by 4% -- the seventh consecutive quarter of year-over-year declines. The company's mobile business is to blame, with analysts expecting a 28% drop in mobile profit for the quarter on slowing Galaxy S smartphone sales, production miscalculations, and increasing competition in China.

Meanwhile, Apple's found success for its latest devices not just in the U.S. market but in China as well. The country is now Apple's largest smartphone market, and the company enjoys one of the strongest brand loyalty there, along with a growing developer community.

If all that weren't enough, Apple continually takes home the vast majority of smartphone profits compared to Samsung and its competitors. A new report by Canaccord Genuity, obtained by AppleInsider, shows that Apple accounted for 92% of the smartphone industry's operating income in the March quarter, even while it held just 20% of the market.

Can an early launch work?

I'm skeptical the Note 5's early launch will be enough to get consumers to open their wallets for Samsung instead of Apple, but I don't fault the company for trying a new launch strategy. Apple tends to dominate the technology news cycle whenever it's debuting new devices, particularly for its revenue-driving iPhones.

The one thing working in Samung's favor this year is that Apple's iPhone updates are likely to be smaller, incremental changes -- instead of the major revamp of both devices that we saw last year. But even if Samsung succeeds with its earlier launch, the company is still fighting an uphill battle that can be won with an earlier device launch. Apple advances on diversity, slowly Apple is making slow progress on the diversity of its workforce.

Global Human Resources Chief Denise Young Smith said at Fortune Brainstorm Tech on Tuesday morning that Apple s next   diversity report   will come "sometime this summer" and will reveal some progress on recruiting diverse employees. "We did have some movement in our hiring or women and hiring of minorities," said Young Smith, noting that about 35% of Apple's recent recruits are women. The upcoming report, which Young Smith claims will have "more transparency" than its report last year, will show an uptick in hiring African-American and Hispanic recruits as well.

A year ago, Apple ( aapl ) joined the parade of Silicon Valley companies publicly reporting the gender, race, and ethnicity of its workforce. Recent updates from companies such as Google ( goog ) and Facebook ( fb ) suggest that no company is yet emerging as a role model for diversity which gives Apple CEO Tim Cook all the more reason to make diversity a priority.

In charge of 115,000 employees around the world still mostly male and mostly white Cook has mounted a veritable crusade to improve diversity not only based on race and gender but also measures such as sexual orientation and veteran status. Young Smith, who stepped up to the top HR job in early 2014, is Cook's chief agent of change. And while she has been working on Cook s mission mainly behind the scenes, this professional soprano is lately using her voice more loudly to draw attention to the challenge at Apple and across the tech industry.

In March, Apple announced several partnerships with non-profit organizations to expand its pipeline of women and minorities. For instance, Apple is working with the Thurgood Marshall College Fund, which supports students enrolled in historically black colleges and universities (known as HBCUs), to build a database of African-American grads in computer science. Apple is also partnering with the National Center for Women and Information Technology to improve its access to female technology talent.

Besides allocating more than $50 million to fund those partnerships, the company is also working with the military to provide technology training and specialized on-boarding programs for veterans.

Young Smith spent most of her 18-year-old Apple career in the company's retail division, where new boss and former Burburry ( burby ) CEO Angela Ahrendts has been revamping the business and the workforce. "We can t afford to leave anyone behind," says Young Smith. "We need all the talent to continue to innovate.

"We have a tremendous long way to go," she adds. 
2015-02-20
Why I'm Not Buying Apple Inc. Stock Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has done well by its investors. The company has consistently delivered revenue and profit growth over the long haul, and last quarter, it set a record for quarterly net profit generated by any company. It is hard not to be impressed by what the company has achieved.

As of this writing, the stock is trading just shy of its 52-week and all-time highs. Its market capitalization is about $750 billion, and its price-to-earnings ratio sits at 17.4 times. The company is massive, but one would hardly consider its valuation rich, especially considering that the average price-to-earnings ratio of the companies in the S&P 500 index is 19.8 times.

Nevertheless, even though Apple is a great, well-run company trading at a reasonably cheap valuation, I do not plan to buy shares at these levels -- here is why.

Apple is basically an iPhone company

It has been widely said that Apple is becoming more and more the "iPhone company," as sales of this device dramatically outgrow its other product categories. In fact, iPad sales declined in 2014, and Ming-Chi Kuo, a prominent (and often correct) analyst, thinks this sales plunge will only accelerate in 2015.

Mac sales are good and growing, but that growth needs to come mostly from market share gains within the premium portion of the PC market, as the overall PC market is basically flat-to-down. Furthermore, while Apple commands much of the profit to be had in PCs, the profit pool does not seem to be anywhere near as large as that of the premium smartphone market.

The company will soon release the Apple Watch, which some analysts believe will bring in significant revenue and profit. However, I remain skeptical that it will be as big as many expect. And now there are the rumors an Apple electric car, and some analysts are already talking about the huge revenue the company could generate if it takes 10% of the U.S. car market.

But, when you get down to it, the iPhone business is the big revenue and profit driver, and I do not think that is going to change anytime soon.

There is real risk here

Apple designs great premium smartphone products, but the competition in smartphones is fierce. Now, I completely understand (and subscribe to) the notion that iOS, the Apple software ecosystem, and its top-notch customer service and retail presence help to build a relatively large and wide moat around Apple products.

However, a solid moat does not promise invulnerability -- there is always a chance that, say, the Samsung Galaxy S6 turns out to be a smash hit and grabs share back from the iPhone 6 series. There is also the risk that as competitors move quickly to adopt new technologies, Apple will be forced to respond by incorporating more expensive components and technologies, potentially hurting its margin structure.

I am not predicting this will absolutely happen, but at the same time I am not willing to dismiss competitive threats to the iPhone. There is risk there, enough that investors probably are unwilling to pay a much richer multiple than exists today. Also, any hint that iPhone sales have hit a near-term peak might lead to a sell-off in Apple stock.

There is also opportunity

While I do have concerns that increasing iPhone sales could prove difficult after the wildly successful iPhone 6 rollout, it is obviously not impossible. Realistically, companies such as Samsung, LG, and HTC still sell a solid number of high-end phones, so if Apple can gain even more share there (either with the iPhone 6 or with future iPhone products), then that would drive profit growth.

In addition, ARM Holdings projects the high end of the smartphone market will grow at a 4% compound annual rate through 2020. Given the large size of the iPhone revenue base, even if it only boosts iPhone revenue with the market (suggesting no further share gain), then that is still a solid growth opportunity.

I still like Apple and its business, but the risk/reward is not appealing to me

I am a fan of Apple and its products, and my sense is that the company should do well in the long haul. My concern is the current share price might already reflect investor optimism for the opportunities ahead, and that any sign that things aren't going as well as hoped could lead the stock lower. At the same time, barring some massive earnings upside surprise, I do not know how much room exists for the stock to move significantly higher in the near-to-medium term.

In short, the risk-to-reward balance just does not seem compelling enough for me to purchase shares at this time. 
2015-04-21
Read This Before You Sell Apple Inc. Stock With Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) stock trading a whopping 67% higher than it was 12 months ago and management gearing up to report second-quarter earnings next Monday, some investors might be tempted to sell shares and take their gains. But shareholders should think carefully before they do so. While it might be difficult to comprehend how a company with a market capitalization over $730 billion could still be undervalued, there are concrete reasons to hold on to this winner for the long haul.

More share buybacks

After returning about $100 billion to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks since it initiated its quarterly dividend and the world's largest-ever share repurchase program in 2012, it could be assumed Apple's cash hoard would have taken a significant hit by now. But this is far from reality. Not only has Apple's annual free cash flow since the dividend was established exceeded cash outflow for its cash return program, but the company has also borrowed nearly $40 billion in low-interest long-term debt to avoid repatriation taxes.

In other words, the company's cash position is arguably better than ever.

The key point here is that investors shouldn't expect Apple to discontinue its share repurchases and dividends. While Apple's capital return program expires later this year, in the company's first-quarter earnings CEO Tim Cook said Apple would announce an update to the program when it reports second-quarter results. Indeed, Apple's updated capital return program could be at least as aggressive as its predecessor.

A growing dividend

Since Apple began paying dividends, the tech giant has increased its payout two times, by about 15% in 2013 and by 8% in 2014. While Apple's growing free cash flow from 2012 to 2015 alone is a good sign the company will increase its dividend again this year, there's no reason to rely on such an ephemeral indicator for management's plans; the company clearly stated last year it planned to increase its dividend on an annual basis.

"The Company also plans to increase its dividend on an annual basis. With annual payments of $11 billion, Apple is among the largest dividend payers in the world," Apple management said in a press release announcing an updated capital return program last April.

Apple can easily afford to continue to increase its dividend by 8% annually. But with shares trading significantly higher in 2015 than they did in 2013 and 2014, stock repurchases are less enticing and management might opt to be more aggressive with its dividend increase in 2015 than it was last year.

A conservative valuation

Apple still trades conservatively for a dominating, highly profitable industry leader. This is particularly clear when viewing Apple's price-to-earnings ratio in light of its recent earning-per-share growth. Despite meaningful 28% year-over-year EPS growth in the trailing 12 months, the company trades at just 17 times earnings -- a decent discount to the S&P 500's price-to-earnings ratio of 20.1.

Very few market-leading cash cows offer such a promising outlook. Investors should think twice before they sell Apple stock and take their gains. Apple, 'Game Of Thrones' Produced A 'Super Successful Launch' For HBO Now Time Warner Inc (NYSE: TWX)'s partnership and release timing seems to have paid off.

The entertainment conglomerate teamed up with Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) to promote the launch of HBO Now, an online-only streaming video service. Time Warner also made sure that the service arrived in time for the April 12 premiere of "Game of Thrones."

"It's a super-successful launch," Dan Sahar, co-founder and VP of Product Marketing at Qwilt, told Benzinga. Qwilt sells devices to network operators. Those devices sit inside of the operator, which allows Qwilt to see what consumers watch.

"Will they be able to build upon this?" Sahar questioned. "One of the things they definitely have to do is extend it to more platforms. You look at the device distribution, a lot of its consumption happens on Xbox and PlayStation. Those are two platforms you have to be in, and then you will see them move up in the rankings."

On Sunday, April 12, HBO Now jumped to No. 7 on Qwilt's ranking of major video sites. Note that HBO Go, the online companion for traditional HBO subscriptions, landed in the top five.

Source: Qwilt Online Video Analytics   Selected US Network Operators   Ranking based on downstream volume at peak (8 p.m. - 12 a.m. for each operator based on their timezone) on Sunday, April 12, 2015

"From a content perspective, they definitely have an edge," Sahar added. "It's just a matter of putting the marketing dollars and extending it to more platforms."

Sahar said it wouldn't be very difficult for HBO Now to spread to more platforms because it uses technology from MLB Advanced.

Related Link: Is Netflix Essential To The Future Of Pay-TV?

Sustainability

Now that HBO's standalone service is a success, investors may wonder if the company can sustain its performance.

"What we've seen for both Now and Go is that, because HBO is kind of like catch-up TV plus other movies, the other movies generate pretty consecutive traffic," said Sahar. "The spikes in traffic occur when they actually publish new episodes of their hit shows. That's typically Sunday with 'Game of Thrones.' Whenever they go live with new episodes, you see two days of people catching up with those shows, and then there's a drop in the bandwidth for the rest of the week.

"Next time there's another hit show, there's a spike in traffic."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Dan Sahar HBO HBO Go HBO Now QwiltTop Stories Exclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Why Apple snapped up 3600 acres in North Carolina  
2015-03-07
1 Number That Shows How Apple Inc.'s iPhone Crushed Google Android Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android remains the most popular mobile OS worldwide, claiming 81.5% of the smartphone market in 2014, according to IDC. Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS came in a distant second with a 14.8% share.

But when it comes to profitability, Apple claimed a whopping 89% of all smartphone profits worldwide in the fourth quarter, up from 70.5% a year ago, according to Strategy Analytics. Android's percentage of profits plunged from 29.5% to 11%.

The message is clear: Android devices are now sold at such low margins that market share domination means little to hardware manufacturers' bottom lines. So what does this shift mean for Apple, Google, and Android phone makers?

Great news for Apple

Apple is arguably the only smartphone maker in the world that gets away with selling mid-range hardware at top-tier prices. The iPhone 6 had a weaker processor, smaller battery, less RAM, a lower-resolution screen, and weaker cameras than Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S5.

Yet Apple was able to sell more phones at comparable or higher prices. An IHS teardown last year revealed that the 16GB iPhone 6, which costs $649 unlocked, cost just $200 to manufacture. By comparison, IHS stated that the 32GB Galaxy S5, which originally launched at $650 unlocked, cost $256 to manufacture.

The IHS teardown implies that Apple earns a gross margin of 69% per entry level iPhone sold, but actual gross margins are lower due to major expenses like development, marketing, and shipping costs. Credit Suisse estimates that after those costs are factored in, the 16GB iPhone 6 costs $350.60 to produce while Apple receives $599 on its retail price of $649, giving it a gross profit margin of 41.5%.

That's a notable decrease from previous years, but record unit sales -- fueled by pent up demand for larger screen iPhones -- are now leading to record profits. (More expensive iPhone models also carry higher profit margins.)



Bad news for the Android Army

Apple's stunning profitability is bad news for Android handset makers, which have been struggling to stand out in an increasingly crowded market.

Over the past year, Samsung, the largest Android manufacturer in the world, has ceded market share to Chinese rivals such as Xiaomi, Lenovo, and Huawei, which are willing to sell smartphones at much lower margins. Between the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2014, Samsung's global market share fell from 30% to 20%. That means Samsung is losing control of a market that's also declining in overall profitability. Samsung hopes that its homegrown OS Tizen will provide a way out, but it's only been installed on one smartphone model so far. Last quarter, profit at Samsung's mobile division plunged 64% year over year.

Meanwhile, smaller Android rivals such as Sony and HTC are faring even worse. Instead of slashing prices, Sony decided to sell fewer phones at higher prices to preserve margins, but that's a risky strategy that could just cause a slow death for its ailing mobile division. HTC is trying to diversify its product line with tablets and action cameras, but those products probably won't save it from being crushed between Chinese brands, Samsung, and Apple.

Both Samsung and HTC consider Windows Phone to be a possible way out, but profitability is reportedly even worse at Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) underdog OS. Strategy Analytics' report claims that Windows Phone, BlackBerry, and other platforms made no profit at all in 2014.

Indirect consequences for Google

If Google hadn't sold Motorola Mobility to Lenovo, it would still be racing other Android device makers to the bottom of the market. Android's lack of profitability doesn't seem like a big deal for Google, which monetizes Android through search advertising and app sales, but there are indirect consequences to consider.

First, the Android manufacturers that are crushing Samsung, Sony, and HTC sell most of their handsets in mainland China, where both Google Search and Google Play are banned. These companies use local search engines such as Baidu and their own app stores instead. As these companies spread across Asia, they might promote the use of their own app stores over Google Play, causing Google to lose ground.

As Android hardware becomes less profitable, companies like Samsung, Sony, and HTC will look for new ways to monetize the OS and cut Google out of the loop. Samsung, for example, already launched its own app store to counter Google Play. Samsung also bought mobile payments company LoopPay in February, in a clear bid to compete against Google Wallet and Apple Pay. Therefore, Google's hardware allies could start pulling away from Google's ecosystem to better monetize their own devices.

The verdict

Apple currently has a magic mix of high margins and high sales that its rivals can't touch. Google originally thought that handing out free software to tether handsets to its ecosystem would marginalize Apple, but the Android market is now saturated with low-margin devices. If Android handset makers can't make a profit, they'll look for new ways to make money -- and some of those strategies could leave Google out in the cold. Apple Inc. finally joins ranks of the Dow's elite 30 stocks Apple Inc., the world's most valuable company, finally will take its place as a member of the elite 30 stocks in the Dow Jones industrial average, starting after trading closes March 18.

The Cupertino, Calif., powerhouse will replace telecommunications firm AT&T Inc. on the roster, S&P Dow Jones Indices said Friday.

The rise of Apple to the 119-year-old Dow index, whose components change only infrequently, was perhaps as inevitable as such a selection can be.

After a breathtaking rise since the mid-2000s, Apple has established itself as perhaps the country's most prominent corporation of any kind, a perception cemented by its becoming the most valuable public company ever in 2012.

Indeed, its inclusion among the country's blue-chip companies was delayed only by the fact that its shares were so expensive they would have distorted the index. Apple's 7-to-1 stock split brought its price closer to the median price of the Dow, allowing the technology giant to bump out AT&T, which is still formidable but much lower in value than it once was.

The replacement of AT&T with Apple is emblematic of how the Dow has managed to adapt to changes in markets and the economy, said Richard E. Sylla, a historian of financial institutions and markets at New York University's Stern School of Business.

"AT&T, which was in the Dow for much of the 20th century, was how people used to make phone calls," he said. "Now Apple is the way people make phone calls."

For the Dow, Apple's inclusion helps cement the rise of technology as a foundational component of the index, a process that began in 1999 when Microsoft Corp. and Intel Corp. joined the index. It marked the first time that the Dow included tech stocks that also were part of the Nasdaq Composite Index.

The addition of Microsoft and Intel pushed to the wayside former industrial giants Union Carbide & Carbon Corp. and Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co.

Today, about two-thirds of the Dow's 30 components are still manufacturing companies. Apple's inclusion will make it the sixth Dow component classified as an information technology company.

Financial professionals prefer to rely on the broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index, in part because the 500 companies in the index cover more of the economy.

Even so, the Dow has remained the "man in the street's view of the market," NYU's Sylla said.

Indeed, the Dow's roots to the 19th century has helped it retain a relevance, and even eminence, in the public imagination as the S&P and other indexes came to prominence and the Dow's ownership of the index changed hands.

The index was created by Charles H. Dow, a co-founder of Dow Jones & Co., the publisher of The Wall Street Journal, as a means of tracking the performance of the industrial companies listed on the New York Stock Exchange and the broader U.S. economy.

As stock investing became more broadly popular in the 1920s, the Dow became more widely known largely because news organizations began quoting it as a shorthand way to gauge market performance.

For decades, selection of the Dow's components was overseen by the managing editor of The Wall Street Journal. In 2010, Dow Jones sold a majority stake in its index business, and the Journal retained two spots on the five-member committee that decides any changes in the index.

Among the committee's criteria in deciding what company to add to the index, a company must have "an excellent reputation," demonstrate sustained growth and be "of interest to a large number of investors."

Sylla said that adding Apple among the "bluest of the blue chips" only makes sense. "It's just gotten so big," he said.

dean.starkman@latimes.com VirnetX, Apple At Odds Over Combining Patent Trials PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) 
2015-09-06
Will Enterprise Partnership Between Apple Inc. and Cisco Systems Inc. Pay Off? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO) have recently joined forces to create a "fast lane" for iOS business users by optimizing Cisco-powered networks for iOS devices and apps. According to the Apple press release, the partnership will also integrate iOS devices with Cisco enterprise environments so they work together "more efficiently and reliably." How will this deal help both companies in the long run?

Apple's mobile enterprise ambitions

This isn't Apple's first move into the enterprise space. Last year, it partnered with IBM to sell iOS devices preloaded with Big Blue's cloud-based enterprise apps. That deal helped Apple gain a major mobile presence among IBM's enterprise customers, while IBM amassed more data for its cloud services.

During the second quarter of 2015, iOS devices accounted for 64% of all mobile enterprise device activations worldwide, compared to just 32% for Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android, and just 3% for Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows, according to Good Technology's Mobility Index report. Yet that was a notable decline from the first quarter, when iOS accounted for 72% of all enterprise activations, Android accounted for 26%, and Windows claimed just 1%.



That shift was caused by two factors. First, Google focused more tightly on the enterprise market with Android 5.0 Lollipop, which added new security features for business users. Second, sales of iPads declined as sales of Android and Windows tablets soared, causing a shift in BYOD (bring your own device) trends. iOS remains strong in regulated industries like the public, education, and healthcare sectors, but Android made significant gains in energy and manufacturing while overtaking iOS in the high tech industry.

That's bad news for Apple, which is counting on the enterprise market to get iPad sales back on track. Last year, CEO Tim Cook expressed hope that the iPad's enterprise market penetration would rise from 20% to 60% over the next few years.



How Cisco and Apple could help each other

That's where Cisco comes in. Cisco, one of the world's largest networking equipment and service companies, dominates the wireless infrastructure of businesses and data centers. The company leverages that dominant position to sell all-in-one bundles of hardware and software to companies, which keeps its smaller competitors at bay.

Since Apple devices will be optimized for Cisco's "fast lanes," they will run faster than Android and Windows devices on Cisco-powered networks. The integration of iOS apps on the network level would also let Apple plant its roots deeper into enterprise networks than Google. This means businesses looking to upgrade their laptops to tablets might consider buying iPads instead, while businesses with relaxed BYOD policies might favor iPhones over other devices.

In return, Cisco can promote iOS-optimized mobile and cloud collaboration tools like Cisco Spark, Cisco Telepresence, and Cisco WebEx. Apple will also support those collaboration tools by providing a "seamless experience between iPhones and desk phones." Stronger demand for those higher-margin, subscription-based software services can offset slower growth in Cisco's hardware business, which only posted 4% sales growth but accounted for 77% of its total revenues in fiscal 2015.

Growth potential, disruptions, and challengers

The entire BYOD market -- which includes various enterprise mobility and security solutions -- could grow from $72 billion in 2013 to $266 billion by 2019, according to research company Markets and Markets. That's great news for mobile leaders like Apple and Google but bad news for BlackBerry and Microsoft.

BlackBerry, which once dominated the mobile enterprise market, has since retreated into a niche of top-tier security for government agencies. With a market share of less than 1% of all smartphones worldwide, it could be wiped out by the BYOD revolution. BlackBerry has tried to bounce back with BlackBerry Enterprise Service -- which lets companies monitor BYOD devices of various operating systems -- but 40% of its revenue still came from hardware sales last quarter.



Microsoft, which still controls the majority of enterprise PCs worldwide, has a better chance of fighting back against Apple and Google. Windows Phone didn't impress enterprise users, but Windows 10, which is scalable across phones, laptops, and PCs, could be an ideal all-in-one OS for BYOD purposes.

The key takeaway

Apple's enterprise deals with IBM and Cisco might not be as exciting as its high-profile product launches, but they can help the company keep selling iPhones and iPads long after mainstream consumer interest fades. Therefore, this gradual transformation of iPhones and iPads into enterprise devices should worry Google, Microsoft, BlackBerry, or anyone else interested in expanding in the mobile enterprise market. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch Burns Woman's Wrist A mother of two suffered a few burns when her Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch overheated in the sun. She then contacted the company, who told her she was wearing it wrong.

Annie Hoang tried to return her Apple Watch Sport to an official store in Columbia after what happened.

The woman had been in a car for a long time when she says the watch, which currently goes for $349 on the Apple website, overheated and burned her skin.

She is not the first one to come out and say the device has burned her wrist, many more have posted their burns on social media.

The watch had been given to her as a gift three months ago. Her husband, who thought this was the perfect anniversary gift, paid a little over $500 for it.

Complaints Ignored and Refund

She says the burns happened on a long road trip with her family and that she had worn the watch for around seven hours when she took it off and saw the burns. She immediately touched the device and it was warm.

When she first took it to the store, she says staff ignored her complaints. She visited the Apple Store two more times before speaking to a manager, who eventually agreed to give her the money back.

The manager first offered her a new watch but she didn t want to risk getting burned again and took the money. She was told the device would be tested and that they would send her the results soon.

Two days later, they came and the result was that she was wearing it too tight or that she had skin irritation. She is not sold on the results and added that if she had the device for three months, why didn t it happen before?

Warning

Apple Stores in the areas where the burns happened have not responded. A page on its website does warn users that they could react to certain materials. Back in July, a report in Fusion showed that is was a decent number of users who were experiencing burns.

In one of the cases, a woman suffered burns during a workout. She was wearing an Apple Watch Sport, the same model as the woman now. A few more then provided pictures of their burns on social media to show that it wasn t just an isolated incident.

Apple has not responded to most of the pictures posted on social media but did offer a new device to the woman who suffered the burns during the workout.



 
2015-02-04
Apple Inc. shares approach ex-dividend as it gears up to distribute $2.8 ... On February 12, Apple will pay shareholders of record a quarterly dividend of $0.47 per share, but investors will need to buy shares by February 5th (to have settled ownership of the company's stock by the market's close on February 9) in order to qualify.



AAPL Dividends & Buybacks





Apple has been paying its shareholders a dividend about a month and a half after the end of each fiscal quarter ever since it declared its modern dividend plan in the summer of 2012.The February dividend will be the third to occur since the company issued a 7-for-1 stock split . That split also converted the dividend from $3.29 per share to 47 cents per share.Following its stock split, Apple repurchased a surprising $17 billion of its own stock in the September quarter and an additional $5 billion of stock in open market purchase during its December quarter (Apple's Fiscal Q1 2015). The company now has 5.825 billion shares outstanding Since the beginning of 2014, Apple shares are up 48.28 percent, compared to Microsoft's 11.56 percent gain or Google's 5.25 percent decline in nonvoting GOOG C class shares and 4.73 percent loss in standard GOOGL A class shares.Since the start of 2015, Apple shares are up 7.49 percent, compared to Microsoft's 10.43 percent loss or Google's 0.54 percent gain in nonvoting GOOG C class shares and 0.5 percent gain in standard GOOGL A class shares. Google split its shares into the two classes and awarded investors one of each, effectively stripping investors of half their voting rights through the "dividend" dilution.Dividends are a minority portion of Apple's shareholder capital return program, the majority of which has been earmarked for buying back outstanding shares.Buybacks increase the scarcity, and therefore value, of Apple's stock by taking shares off the market and retiring them. Removing shares from circulation also enhances the company's closely-watched earnings per share metrics. Over the last four quarters, Apple has repurchased $45 billion worth of its stock off the market or via accelerated repurchase programs.The repurchase of shares has slightly reduced the total dividend Apple pays. While the company reports $2.8 billion in dividend payments for FQ1, at $0.47 per share the 5.825 billion shares outstanding would appear to total $2.73 billion, a $70 million reduction over the previous quarter's dividends."The Company also plans to increase its dividend on an annual basis, subject to declaration by the Board of Directors," Apple states in its 10-K filing.Over the past calendar year, Apple has paid out $11 billion in dividends to its shareholders, distributing about $2.8 billion every quarter, although that number is dropping in tandem with buybacks.Apple's volume of stock buybacks have also now reached the 5 percent threshold to qualify for inclusion in the "NASDAQ BuyBack Achievers Index," as well as the PowerShares Buyback Achievers Portfolio, as noted in a report by ETFtrends.In total, Apple has spent $72.9 billion on stock buybacks since initiating its capital return program, including an opportunistic $14 billion share grab initiated after the stock plunged more than 8 percent last January following the company's holiday Q1 release which detailed its highest ever quarterly revenues and operating profits--results that the tech media depicted as " disappointing ."Combined with dividend payments and net share settlements, Apple has spent $102.7 billion on capital return since mid 2012, but still holds over $178 billion in cash. Apple, Inc.'s Huge Profit Margin -- Evidence of Sustainable Pricing Power? Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) first-fiscal quarter of 2014 couldn't have gone any better. The company crushed all expectations. While there were a number of impressive numbers from the release, one of the most intriguing metrics was Apple's gross profit margin. The higher-than-expected figure joins an ongoing story about Apple's monstrous level of profitability, vouching for the company's pricing power and economies of scale.

How Apple's gross profit margin crushed it

Not only did Apple's gross profit margin come in higher than expected in Q1, but it came in above Apple's entire guidance range for the metric. When Apple reported Q4 results, it guided for a gross profit margin in the range of 37.5 to 38.5 percent. But on Tuesday, Apple reported actual Q1 gross profit margin of 39.5% -- 150 basis points above Apple's high-end of its guidance window.

Even more impressive than the amount by which Apple outperformed its own guidance for gross profit margin is the year-over-year comparison for the metric. Despite launching the iPhone 5s and 5c almost on the exact same day in the year-ago quarter, Apple's Q1 gross profit margin jumped from 37.9% in fiscal 2014 to 39.5% in fiscal 2015.

What drove the awesome performance behind Apple's gross profit margin? While a number of factors likely played a role in the gain, Apple's huge iPhone sales during the quarter are undoubtedly central to the company's big gain in profitability. As the company's most profitable business segment, soaring iPhone sales is good for Apple's profitability. iPhone unit sales soared 46%, and iPhone average selling price jumped from $637 to $687. The result was iPhone sales swelling to 68.6% of revenue, up from 56% of revenue in the year-ago quarter.

Are high profit margins sustainable after all?

The good quarter for Apple's gross profit margin metric joins a string of year-over-year gains in the important metric that began the second quarter of 2014, following a long period of negative year-over-year comparisons that had investors worrying whether or not the tech giant could sustain its high levels of profitability as cheap smartphones flooded the market.

In a chart, Apple's profitability story looks like this.

As it turns out, cheap smartphones weren't Apple's doom after all.

Obviously positive comparisons for gross profit margin are not sustainable forever. Indeed, Apple is guiding for a gross profit margin midpoint of 37.5% in Q2, a figure 40 basis points lower than its year-ago gross margin. And with Apple achieving such a high level of profitability in recent quarters, year-over-year comparisons going forward are going to be tough.

But the important takeaway is that Apple's gross profit margins are clearly not on the decline, as some Apple critics argued they were in 2012 and 2013. Apple's loyal customer base, pricing power, and economies of scale may be more sustainable than the market imagined. And if this is the case, it begs the question: Should Apple really be trading at just 16.1 times earnings? Is Samsung Group About To Lose South Korea to Apple Inc.? Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) could soon lose its home market of South Korea to its rival Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL). A recent report from Counterpoint Research claims that Apple captured a record 33% market share in the country last November, compared to 46% for Samsung. A year before that, Samsung controlled 60% of the market.

With a 73% smartphone penetration rate on a population of 50 million, South Korea is a much smaller market than China, which has a population of 1.36 billion and a 43% smartphone penetration rate. However, the loss of its home market -- where Samsung appealed to the "patriotic duty" of Koreans to support it instead of Apple -- would be a humbling blow indicating that sales might never recover across Asia.

Samsung's symbiotic relationship with South Korea

Samsung accounts for around a fifth of South Korea's GDP. Due to its importance to the country's economic health, the Korean government grants Samsung tax breaks and hefty subsidies. Last year, South Korean newspaper The Hankyoreh estimated that the government paid $155 million in subsidies to Samsung in 2012.

However, the South Korean government is often accused of feeding the media with glowing stories about Samsung and negative ones about Apple. Schoolchildren are taught that buying Korean, just as American consumers are told to buy American, is an act of patriotism. Unfortunately for Samsung, none of those efforts -- government sponsored or otherwise -- have slowed Apple's march across its home market.

Why Samsung is falling behind

Samsung's problems in South Korea mirror its issues elsewhere in the world. It's losing the lower-end market to cheaper competitors, while its flagship devices are being crushed by the iPhone's appeal as a status symbol.

Two trends in the South Korean luxury market are also disrupting Samsung's business. First, demand for luxury goods among men is rising, which has created a fertile market for status symbol gadgets. Second, South Korean consumers are shifting away from premium luxury brands like Louis Vuitton and Chanel to "super premium" brands like Colombo or Herm s. This shift benefits Apple, since it's generally considered a "super premium" smartphone in comparison to Samsung's "premium" S5 and Note 4.

Apple is also a master at masking inferior hardware with a sleek exterior, a smooth operating system, and carefully crafted marketing campaigns. This gives Apple its magic mix of high margins and unit sales. To keep up, Samsung installs expensive hardware like 16-megapixel cameras and quad-core CPUs in its flagship devices, yet sells them at a lower price than Apple's iPhones, resulting in substantially lower margins.

Lower margins, higher customer satisfaction

Despite selling cheaper devices at higher prices, Apple ironically crushed Samsung in customer satisfaction polls across South Korea. Last May, South Korean research firm Marketing Insight compared Apple's iPhone 5s to Samsung's Galaxy S5, LG's G Pro2, Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) /LG's Nexus 5, and several other devices.

Apple was ranked "above average" across every category -- including design, display, processing speed, multimedia playback, speed, size, weight, touch response, and UI design -- with an overall satisfaction rate of 88.2%. Samsung's S5 ranked "below average" in every category, with a satisfaction rate of just 52.3%. Therefore, Samsung may have the mightier hardware, but its overall package simply isn't as refined as Apple's.

The carrier subsidy crunch

Controversial subsidy rules in South Korea, which prevent carriers from subsidizing phones with over 354,000 won ($322) of their own money, could also hurt Samsung as the final prices on their premium phones rise. To exacerbate that problem, many carriers are offering much lower subsidies than before.

For example, Samsung's Galaxy Note 4 has a maximum carrier subsidy of just 110,000 won ($100), which leaves the customer with a bill for over $800. That hefty price tag might convince consumers to consider buying cheaper Chinese Android phones with comparable specs. OnePlus One, a popular Chinese phablet with comparable specs to the Note 4, only costs around 320,000 won ($291) unlocked. Xiaomi's Mi 4 costs about 445,000 won ($403) unlocked on Korean e-commerce site Auction.

Simply put, Samsung is stuck in the middle again. Lower subsidies might not impact more affluent iPhone customers, but they'll hit Samsung's flagship and mid-range devices.

The verdict

Samsung is clearly in trouble. IDC reported that its market share declined from 29% to 20% between the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2014, while mobile profits plunged 64% year-over-year last quarter.

Last year, Samsung was toppled by Xiaomi in China, and it might lose South Korea to Apple later this year. If that happens, Samsung could be forced to retreat further into the low end market -- which could be a very tough hole to climb back out of. GT Advanced Technologies Inc Factory Taken Over By Apple Inc. Apple will invest $2 billion into a factory formerly occupied by GT Advanced

Apple has decided to transform a sapphire factory once operated by GT Advanced Technologies (GTAT) into a data center. The news comes months after the supplier partnership between the two companies collapsed and GT filed for bankruptcy.

Apple to invest billions

According to Bloomberg s Tim Higgins, Apple intends to sink $2 billion into the former GTAT facility. A spokesperson for the company said it is one of the biggest investments they have ever made.

The sapphire glass maker had struck a deal with Apple to supply sapphire glass for its devices, but it filed for bankruptcy after Apple said it couldn t make sapphire displays that were up to its quality standards. As a result, GTAT ended up being unable to fulfill the agreement it had struck with Apple.

Apple still brings jobs to Arizona

Originally, the 1.3 million square-foot factory housed a solar panel manufacturing operation. Apple has been working to bring some manufacturing jobs from Asia home to the U.S., and the facility was a big part of that plan.

The tech giant promised it would still bless the Arizona area around the former GTAT factory with jobs, which is why it decided to transform the facility into a data center. However, it s expected that the data center will bring far fewer jobs to the area than the sapphire glass making operation would have if it had continued to run.

GTAT to stay through this year

When Apple secured the facility, the per-year lease on it was $100, and the company committed $578 million in prepayment loans to get GTAT s sapphire glass making operations up and running at full steam.

When GT filed for bankruptcy, it accused Apple of making the terms of its supplier agreement too difficult to meet. When the two companies settled, it was agreed that GT Advanced could keep using the factory in Mesa, Ariz. through the end of this year.

Apple is also making another investment in Arizona by building and financing a number of solar projects, according to state officials. Those projects are expected to be able to power over 14,500 homes after they are completed.

Shares of Apple rose as much as 0.92% to $119.75 per share during regular trading hours today. 
2015-02-10
Understanding Apple's Balance Sheet For investors in Apple, Inc. (AAPL), the investment has certainly been fruitful. For those who are late to the party and are considering investing in the Cupertino-based consumer products giant, a good place to start gauging the company is its balance sheet. A company s balance sheet presents a picture of its financial situation at a certain point in time. For an investor who wants to understand a company and its potential, the balance sheet is a good guide.

Apple s balance sheet is available in the "Investor News Section" of the company s corporate website as its 10-K filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Investors can also access Apple s unaudited balance sheet, which it releases with its quarterly earnings.

Balance Sheet Components

The balance sheet of a company breaks down into its assets (or what it owns), liabilities (or what it owes), and its shareholders  equity (or the money that belongs to shareholders after paying off all liabilities). The total of its assets is equal to the sum of its shareholders  equity plus its liabilities. In the case of Apple, as of September 27, 2014, this consisted of $231.839 billion on the assets side, total liabilities of $120.292, and total shareholders  equity of $111.547 billion.

Cash Is King

For Apple, its strong cash position is a major strength. The company holds cash and cash equivalents of $13.8 billion, and also holds $11.23 billion in marketable securities that can easily be converted into cash. Thus, it has an ample cash chest. A lot of this is held overseas and the company would have to pay US taxes on the money to bring it into the country. That is why the company prefers to borrow money to engage in its share buyback program.

Accounts receivable make up $17.4 billion. This represents the amounts owed by the companies it does business with, such as cellular network carriers, retailers and wholesalers, and government and education customers. Extending credit in business transactions is a risk, and Apple has credit insurance to limit its risk to this exposure. Two big customers account for 10 percent of the company s receivables.

Another major asset is Apple s $130.16 billion in long-term marketable securities. This includes about $79 billion in corporate securities and about $22 billion in US Treasurys. These investments are subject to interest rate risk if interest rates start moving up. The company also reports about $20 billion in the property, plant, and equipment category. This represents the value of what it owns in property and equipment after accounting for the wear and tear associated with use.

Apple also reports $4.6 billion of goodwill, an intangible asset that represents the company s estimate of the positive consumer association with its brand name. For the September 2014 period, the company tacked on $2.2 billion in goodwill connected to its acquisition of Beats Music in July 2014 for $2.6 billion. The acquisition was mostly financed with Apple s readily available cash holding--useful for such acquisitions.

The Liabilities Side

Apple s current liabilities are about $63 billion, which includes its $30 billion accounts payable, or the amount it owes companies it does business with, as well as more than $6 billion in commercial paper it issued. The company issued commercial paper debt to finance activities such as share buy backs it has committed to, as well as to pay out dividends.

The company has total long-term debt of more than $28 billion, which includes both fixed-rate debt, on which the interest rate is fixed, and floating-rate debt, on which the interest rate could move up. In order to manage the risk that interest rates could move against the company, Apple has also entered into interest rate swaps. The company s other non-current liabilities, or those that are not due for a while, amount to about $25 billion.

In addition, Apple s shareholder equity position includes about $23 billion, representing its equity base, and more than $87 billion in the earnings it has generated for its shareholders over time. The company had a stock split in June 2014, giving out seven shares for every share held by an investor.

Analyzing the Balance Sheet

Another way to understand Apple s financial position is to look at certain ratios that give an idea of how the company manages its business. One major ratio for this purpose is the liquidity ratio, which provides a measure of how easily the company can pay off its creditors if it had to. This is obtained by taking stock of Apple s current assets versus its current liabilities. In Apple s case, this is a healthy 1.08, indicating the company has enough current assets on hand to cover its current liabilities.

Looking at how much Apple is leveraged, or how much debt it has in relation to its equity position, also provides investors an idea about how prudently its debt is managed. Too much debt relative to equity indicates that a company is over-leveraged. This could be a red flag since it will have less breathing room if it runs into trouble. Apple s debt-to-equity ratio of about .32 is certainly a conservative ratio and gives it lots of breathing room.

As for the company s profitability, it has obtained a healthy return on the equity it has on its balance sheet, generating a net profit of more than $39 billion on its sales and making for a return on equity of about 35 percent.

The Bottom Line

A reading of Apple s balance sheet certainly suggests that it is a well-managed company. It presents its information in a reader-friendly format and does not have any significant exposure to off-the-balance sheet items that might obfuscate its true situation. However, investors should note that a company s balance sheet could deteriorate as its earnings situation and industry position change. Thus, it is important to look at its most recent balance sheet before investing. Apple: First US company worth $700 billion Everything is sunny at Apple AAPL Tech30)

The company added to its trophy case Tuesday when its value surpassed $700 billion. That wasn't just a record for Apple, it was a new record for any U.S. company.

(Apple briefly touched this valuation in November, but Tuesday marked the first time it closed at that level, a far more significant achievement.)

Apple is in a league of its own. The next largest company, Exxon Mobil, (XOM) is worth $382 billion.

Related: Apple CEO who fired Steve Jobs: 'I wish I had hired him back'

The stock rallied after Apple announced a partnership with First Solar (FSLR) on a nearly 3,000-acre solar energy farm that will funnel electricity to the tech giant's offices in California. That comes on the heels of Apple's best quarterly earnings ever in January and the ongoing expansion of Apple Pay.

Beyond that bright news, the company had a very successful bond sale last week, another indicator of just how excited investors remain about the company.

Related: JetBlue to be the first airline to accept Apple Pay payment in flight

The stock closed at an all-time high of $122 a share Tuesday, and it's up 64% over the past year. Billionaire hedge fund manager Carl Icahn has predicted the stock could go to $200.

When Steve Jobs passed, there were concerns whether Tim Cook could lead the company. Those concerns seem quelled now. CNNMoney ranked Cook as CEO of the Year in 2014. Apple's share price has risen 23639% from its first trading day Apple Inc. made history on Tuesday, becoming the first U.S. company to close above $700 billion in value. The iPhone maker AAPL, -0.53% now has a stock-market value of $710.8 billion, more than double the size of rival Microsoft Corp., the second-biggest U.S. company with a market capitalization of $347.5 billion.

Sources: FactSet Research Systems/The Wall Street Journal A Quick Note on Apple Inc.'s A9 and A10 Processors There has been a lot of talk in the press about Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) upcoming A9 chip. The focus has been on which company will manufacture the chip for the iDevice maker. Some say it will be Apple archrival Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), others say Taiwan Semiconductor (NYSE:TSM), and still others believe the companies will split the orders.

No matter which company ultimately builds the chip, it seems a pretty safe bet it will be built on a 14/16-nanometer FinFET manufacturing process. The main improvement with these technologies over the 20-nanometer technology used to build the Apple A8 and A8X chips is the introduction of the FinFET transistor. This is widely acknowledged to boost performance while also lowering power consumption -- a win for mobile devices.

However, it is also well known the various 14/16-nanometer technologies won't improve transistor density by much, if at all. Furthermore, the additional complexity that FinFETs bring is also expected to increase manufacturing costs on a per-transistor basis relative to 20-nanometer. So, if there is little if any reduction in the area per transistor, but cost per transistor is rising, then this has some pretty interesting implications on what to expect from Apple's A9.

What are those implications, exactly?

At the iPhone 6 launch last year, Apple boasted that the A8 chip featured 2 billion transistors, about double what the prior-generation A7 chip featured. The A8 fit also into a tiny area of 89 square millimeters, smaller than the 102-square-millimeter A7 chip.

Thanks to the massive area-per-transistor reduction the 20-nanometer manufacturing technology brought over the 28-nanometer technology used in the A7, Apple could straight up double the transistor count in the A8 from the A7 and still wind up with a smaller chip.

The transistor count increase might not be as dramatic with the A9 thanks to the minimal transistor area shrinks the 14/16-nanometer processes bring. I believe Apple will increase the transistor counts slightly in order to add new functionality, but my guess is the majority of the performance gains will come from the higher frequencies that the better transistors will enable.

The A10 may widen the transistor count on the same process

The major semiconductor foundries are known to still be having yield (that is, how many good chips come out per wafer) issues with their 14/16-nanometer technologies. Indeed, the CFO of chip equipment vendor Ultratech (NASDAQ:UTEK) claimed last week that chip designers continue to "grapple with design issues for FinFETs to achieve acceptable yields."

My guess is that for the A9, which is likely to be one of the first high-volume processors built on a foundry FinFET technology, Apple is playing it conservative on the transistor count and die size in order to keep yields acceptable (since smaller chips tend to yield better).

Once Apple and/or the foundries have a better handle on getting FinFET designs to yield, then for an A10 chip built on the same technology next year, Apple can increase the transistor count while keeping the cost structure roughly in line with the expense of the lower-transistor-count A9 chip in 2015. 
2015-11-11
Apple, Inc. (AAPL): Amidst Bearish Concerns, FBR and UBS Reiterate Buy After reporting record Q4 results, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has witnessed some bearish sentiments over the company s long-term potential. In response, Steven Milunovich from UBS weighed in on the stock.

Steven Milunovich reiterated his Buy rating for the Apple with a price target of $150. According to the Fly, a smartphone survey by UBS shows a longer upgrade cycle for Apple and lower demand for iPhone 6s when compared to the demand a year ago.

However, in spite of the negative data points, there are also some positive findings. The company is the only smartphone brand expected to gain market share. Additionally, the company plans to shift to larger screens and more memory. Lastly, Apple has a strong Chinese market and steady unit growth forecasts. Overall, Milunovich feels the Apple franchise is undervalued.

Milunovich has rated Apple s stock 73 times. His success rate on the stock is 60% and his average return on the stock is 8.3%. According to TipRanks statistics, of the 37 analysts who have rated Apple in the last 3 months, 29 have rated it as Buy and 8 have rated it as Hold. The average 12-month price target for the stock is $149.15, marking a 24% upside from where shares last closed.

[Image Courtesy of Wikipedia] Apple, Banks in Talks on Mobile Person-to-Person Payment Service Apple is in discussions with U.S. banks to develop a payment service that would compete with PayPal s popular Venmo. WSJ s Robin Sidel joins Lunch Break. Photo: Getty

Apple Inc. is in discussions with U.S. banks to develop a payment service that would let users zap money to one another from their phones rather than relying on cash or checks, according to people familiar with the matter.

The move would put the tech giant in competition with an increasing number of Silicon Valley firms trying to persuade... Apple Inc. (AAPL) Drops Millions in Ireland as Tax Ruling Looms Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced on Wednesday morning that it would expand its investment in Ireland once again. The firm s CEO Tim Cook, who was making a visit to the country, revealed that Apple could add as many as 1,000 new direct employees to its rolls on the Atlantic island. Meanwhile a ruling from the European Commission on whether Ireland has been illegally funding Apple is expected to arrive this month.

On Wednesday morning Ireland s Industrial Development Authority revealed the new hire. CEO of the group said  For any company to be located at the same campus for over 30 years is a remarkable thing   that Apple continues to expand at this rate in 2015 is truly exceptional. The scale of the operation in Hollyhill is vast, with manufacturing, supply chain, AppleCare and shared services operations taking place within one campus.

Tim Cook sweeps Ireland

Tim Cook did more than just announce new jobs in the country, however. He also announced a  1 million Ocean Energy Industry Fund, and was set to collect the Gold medal of Honorary Patronage of the Philosophical Society at Trinity College, University of Dublin.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

Mr. Cook also met with the head of the country s government, Taoiseach Enda Kenny. Mr. Kenny, speaking of the major investment, said  Apple s plans for new facilities at their Cork campus that can house a further 1,000 jobs is a very welcome boost of confidence in Cork and the South West region. It is also a welcome sign of broadening regional recovery. 

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

1,000 jobs, particularly of the caliber Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is likely to offer in its Cork HQ, could mean quite a lot to Ireland s economy, but it s likely to mean more to Apple.

The firm is busy has poured huge amounts of money into the country in recent years. In the last year alone, excluding this morning s reveal, the firm announced a 25 percent increase in its Cork workforce, and the build out of a major new European Data center in Athenry, a small town in the West of Ireland. Apple opened its first operation on the Atlantic island more than 30 years ago.

These investments have coincided with the greater focus that has been put on the firm s international tax deals in recent years. Rod Hall of JPMorgan reckons that, should the EC ruling go against the firm, it could have to pay as much as $19B in order to settle the case.

An end to the investigation is expected by the end of November, but the final ruling may not matter all that much. Apple is likely to appeal any negative ruling, and it is likely to be a negative ruling given the preliminary findings earlier on this year.

Putting focus on the future at Apple

A $19B payout wouldn t hurt Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) all that much. What would hurt the firm, however, is a massive rise in its effective tax rate going forward. Apple has a complex series of twists and turns that keep its tax rates low, but a recent windfall in Ireland s coffers may mean that the firm is changing how those constraints work.

Changing the law in Ireland, as a result of European intervention, could be a major shock to Apple. Wall Street will be waiting on the ruling from the EC in order to gauge how to value the firm going forward.

Mr. Cook s plan appears to be to continue investment in Ireland despite the chance of a spike in tax rate in the coming months or years. It s not clear if his firm has a way around that tax should it happen, or what it would mean for Apple s relationship with Ireland. 
2015-06-12
Who's the Second Biggest Wearables Maker in the World? (Hint: It's Not Apple ... Many investors probably know that Fitbit is the largest wearables maker in the world. According to IDC, Fitbit's shipments rose 129% annually to 3.9 million devices in the first quarter of 2015, claiming over a third of the global wearables market. But here's the twist -- the second largest player after Fitbit wasn't Samsung (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF), Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), Garmin (NASDAQ: GRMN), or Jawbone.

It was actually Xiaomi, China's top domestic smartphone maker. Xiaomi, which launched its Mi Band last July, shipped 2.8 million fitness bands during the first quarter and claimed 25% of the entire market. That put it far ahead of Garmin, Samsung, and Jawbone, which respectively had market shares of 6%, 5%, and 4%. How did Xiaomi gain ground so quickly, and how could other companies be affected?

The rise of Xiaomi's Mi Band

Xiaomi's Mi Band, which costs just $15, is a basic activity and sleep tracker that uses three LED lights to track progress and syncs to a companion app. By comparison, Fitbit's Zip activity tracker, which has a digital display, costs $60. Jawbone's Up Move and Misfit's Flash, which both use LED lights, cost $50.

That low price tag made the Mi Band an instant hit in mainland China. Xiaomi has since launched the device in Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, and India. The Mi Band also recently reached Western markets through Xiaomi's new online stores in the U.S. and Europe.

Xiaomi can sell the same tech as its rivals for such a low price tag because it is willing to accept lower margins. Most fitness band makers are actually selling their devices at huge margins. Based on an IHS teardown from late 2013, the $100 Fitbit Flex only cost $17 to manufacture. Since then, component prices have likely declined, allowing Xiaomi to make a thin profit from selling similar hardware for just $15.

Xiaomi applies that strategy across its entire product line. It sells smartphones and tablets with comparable hardware as top flagship devices for a fraction of the price. It sells 55" 4K smart TVs for $800 when competing devices cost $1,000 to $2,000. Xiaomi sacrifices margins for market share growth, and as volumes pick up, economies of scale kicks in and it squeezes out profits where lower-volume rivals cannot.

How Xiaomi could kill Fitbit

The wearables market is usually split into three categories: activity trackers, higher-end sports performance devices, and smartwatches. Research firm Generator Research believes that out of those three categories, revenue from basic activity trackers will plummet over the next five years.

Activity trackers Sports performance Smartwatches 2015 revenue $2.3 billion $2.2 billion $17.2 billion 2020 revenue $527 million $2.9 billion $154 billion Growth (77%) 32% 795%

The problem is that cheaper smartwatches could cannibalize the market for stand-alone activity trackers. The Pebble Watch, for example, already merges smartwatch and fitness tracking features into a single $89 device. Hardcore athletes are more likely to buy pricier sports performance devices from Garmin or TomTom, which emphasize function and durability over form. To compete more effectively against sports performance devices and cheap smartwatches, Fitbit launched smartwatchlike devices like the Charge, Charge HR, and Surge last year.

Unfortunately, the growing smartwatch category is already filled with Samsung devices, Android Wear watches, and the new Apple Watch. This means that Fitbit might get stuck in a shrinking market as Xiaomi flattens consumer price expectations.

Looking ahead...

The Mi Band might pave the way for the arrival of Xiaomi's long-rumored smartwatch.

For now, companies like Samsung and Apple -- which rely more on smartphones and tablets than wearables -- don't need to worry yet. But "pure play" wearable companies like Fitbit and Jawbone could soon face the commoditization of their core market. Apple Inc. Not Number One By Revenue, It's Old-School Chevron Apple may be the most valuable company, but it is not the biggest company in revenue terms by state and lags Chevron in California. Apple is the largest by the market cap and is much more popular than Chevron, but its is only next to Chevron in terms of revenue.

Chevron wins on revenue terms

Broadview Networks came up with a map showing the largest U.S. companies in each state by revenue using data from Hoover s. As per the data, Chevron outperformed tech giant Apple despite record-breaking iPhone sales.

In fiscal 2014, Chevron posted revenue of $211.97 billion, compared to Apple s $182.8 billion, according to FactSet. Interestingly, Apple s market cap was $724 billion as of March 31, 2015 while for Chevron, it was $197 billion.

Other companies on the map were as expected, such as General Motors, Nike and Walmart. Also on the list are little-known companies that probably are not going to make it big outside their state.

The data shows that 12 states got a new winner from 2014 to 2015. And in states such as Idaho, Mississippi, New Hampshire and Ohio, last year s winner was replaced by a grocery store chain or food company.

Apple to change 30/70 rule

A separate report from the Financial Times claims that Apple is seeking to modify its 70/30 revenue share for certain types of App Store apps. The company is looking to make a few quick changes in the way revenue is dispersed between developers and Apple for music, video and new apps.

As of now, it is not clear if the report holds any truth because it does not seem to be related to any specific incident even though the iPhone maker could slash its revenue due to anti-competition complaints with Apple Music. Spotify is one such service that has blamed Apple for being anti-competitive on the back of its upcoming music service noting that the company s 30% fee raises the barriers to entry for third-party competitors.

Developers thinking of earning higher revenue following the change should not keep their hopes up as the report talks about apps with subscriptions, such as news apps or music subscriptions. The report does not suggest that Apple will reduce the 70/30 split universally. Also no information has been provided on a date when these changes might be made. 
2015-03-09
Apple CEO Tim Cook Embraces Technology and Luxury to Win in Smartwatches Apple Inc. is betting that its first new gadget in five years, a smartwatch costing from $349 to more than $10,000, will offer the right blend of technology and luxury to lure even more customers and boost sales.

Apple Watch has a customizable face and will run 18 hours with typical use, Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said at an event in San Francisco Monday. He was making the case for why consumers would want to add another digital product to their daily lives, highlighting the watch's ability to track health, send notifications and serve as a status symbol.

"Apple Watch is the most personal device we have ever created -- it's not just with you, it's on you," Cook said. "Since what you wear is an expression of who you are, we designed Apple Watch to appeal to a whole variety of people with different tastes and different preferences."

The watch will be available for preorder on April 10 and will reach consumers in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, the U.K. and U.S. on April 24. It comes in two sizes, with the Sport model priced at $349 and $399 and the midrange version starting at $549. The high-end Apple Watch Edition starts at $10,000.

The watch will be available for preorder on April 10. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg

With the smartwatch, Cook is pushing Apple into a new product category that seeks to further immerse users into the company's digital universe. As a health and fitness tracker, the watch opens new possibilities in the health industry. It also expands the number of devices that work with Apple Pay, the company's new mobile-payments system. To fully work, the watch, which has a color touchscreen, needs to be paired with an iPhone running the latest software, iOS 8.2, which was released today. The device shows text messages and e-mails, and offers features called "digital touch" that enable watch-to-watch communication. It can also track health and fitness information and send reminders.

Earlier at the event, Apple unveiled its thinnest-ever MacBook personal computer, weighing 2 pounds (900 grams) and measuring 13.1 millimeters high. The notebook, which includes new technologies behind its keyboard and track pad, runs on an Intel Corp. chip, and comes in silver, gray and gold with a 12-inch retina display. Apple will ship the new PC on April 10 and prices start at $1,299.

Phil Schiller, senior vice president of worldwide marketing at Apple Inc., speaks during the Apple Inc. Spring Forward event in San Francisco. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg

Cook also announced an exclusive Apple TV partnership with Time Warner Inc.'s cable channel HBO for its stand-alone service. HBO's subscription service will be available outside of a traditional pay-TV package starting next month. Apple also cut the price of Apple TV to $69. HBO's streaming channel will cost $14.99 a month.

Cook also said Apple Pay, the company's mobile-transaction service, is now supported by 2,500 banks. New applications for health and medical research were also unveiled, including diagnostic tools that can help patients with Parkinson's disease and diabetes.

Apple Watch, first revealed in September, marks the first new gadget to be released since Cook became CEO in 2011. The new product, plus new larger-screened iPhones, have helped boost optimism about Apple's growth, sending its shares to a record high in recent weeks.

Apple's Watch sales this fiscal year may reach almost 14 million, according to the average estimate of five analysts surveyed by Bloomberg. The global market for all smartwatches may rise to 28.1 million units this year from 4.6 million, with Apple capturing 55 percent of the market, according to researcher Strategy Analytics.

The sophistication of the applications available will be key to wooing Apple Watch buyers. Just as the App Store has been a key reason for the iPhone's success, tools for Apple Watch will help determine how customers use the gadget and whether it will be a sales hit.

A watch feature called glances, unveiled today, provides a way to quickly check messages, calendar items, weather and what music is playing. New communication tools let users send drawings sketched on the watch to another Apple Watch owner.

The watch sends reminders if you have been sitting too long. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg

Health is a main focus for the watch. The device tracks daily movements and sends reminders if you have been sitting too long. At the end of the week it will send a report about how you did toward your goals and set new targets for the coming week.

"It's like having a coach on your wrist," Cook said at the event.

Demonstrating Apple's push in to fashion, the Cupertino, California-based company showed a video of model and maternal-health advocate Christy Turlington Burns using the watch while running a half-marathon in Africa. Apple's Health Research Kit Makes iPhone Users Test Subjects Apple Inc. s new ResearchKit software platform turns the iPhone into a diagnostic tool drawing medical data from millions of potential customers, creating a boon for researchers and a headache for privacy advocates.

With iPhone users  permission, Apple will be able to take data gleaned from its Health app and share it with doctors and scientists to use in medical research, said Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook at an Apple event Monday in San Francisco. The information could include a user s weight, blood pressure and activity levels, as well as information on conditions such as diabetes, cardiovascular disease, asthma and breast cancer.

Apple s apps  already help millions of customers track and improve their health,  said Jeff Williams, Apple s senior vice president of operations, in a statement.  With hundreds of millions of iPhones in use around the world, we saw an opportunity for Apple to have an even greater impact by empowering people to participate in and contribute to medical research. 

ResearchKit joins health-tracking technology tools such as Fitbit Inc. s wristwear that can generate reams of data on people s health and activity levels. While researchers are enthusiastic about having access to such information culled from a diverse population, privacy advocates are concerned the information could be tied to individual users.

Glucose, Inhaler

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

As the iPhone s technology has advanced, the data it can capture on its customers  activity has gone far beyond the basics, like the number of steps a user has taken in a day. Researchers will be able to ask for access to the accelerometer, microphone, gyroscope and GPS sensors in the iPhone  to gain insight into a patient s gait, motor impairment, fitness, speech and memory,  Apple said in its statement.

Using separate devices made by other companies, the iPhone can also gather information such as glucose levels and asthma inhaler use.

Many consumers don t understand that the health data they share with an app or device may be used in ways they hadn t intended, like to market to them or profile them online, said Jennifer Geetter, a health lawyer and partner at McDermott Will & Emery LLP.

Data shared with an app or wearable device aren t typically protected by federal medical privacy laws the way information shared with a doctor is. They can be sold, shared and stored in various ways depending on a company s privacy policy.

Open Source

There is also the risk that data could fall into the hands of hackers. Health-care data breaches are on the rise because health information can fetch 10 times the price of financial data on the black market, security analysts have said.

 The more data you have online, the more likely you ll be part of a breach -- and that data could be embarrassing,  Geetter said.

Consumers should question any medical advice that comes from the apps, because it isn t likely to be peer-reviewed, said Adrian Gropper, chief technology officer of Patient Privacy Rights, a nonprofit group.

Apple did take a step to ensure the safety of patient data by making ResearchKit open-source, which means that the code used to write the software is visible by the public, Gropper said.

 Open source encourages people to report the bugs in the software and get them fixed,  Gropper said.  The gold standard is open source because security by obscurity has been shown not to work. 

FTC Meeting

Apple has been expanding its activity in Washington in preparation for the higher scrutiny it will receive for handling health data. The company s executives met with at least two U.S. Federal Trade Commission staff members and Chairwoman Edith Ramirez last fall to demonstrate the Apple Watch and Health app, Bloomberg reported in January.

Among the issues discussed was how Apple s products collect and use consumer health data, said people familiar with the matter. The company expressed a commitment to protecting consumer data and explained that under its terms of service, data collected by the watch and health apps can t be shared with third-party data brokers, one of the people said.

Williams and three other vice presidents met with Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Margaret Hamburg and her staff about mobile medical applications in December 2013.

FDA officials told the Apple executives that they regulate based on the intended use of a device.

Diverse Population

ResearchKit s main appeal to medical researchers will be in recruiting people for large-scale studies. The system will let users complete tasks, submit surveys and fill out consent paperwork.

Typically, study subjects are recruited through local clinics or patient groups. Being able to access thousands of patients  data from a broad geographical reach and diverse background could help speed up research.

A handful of medical institutions, including the Icahn School of Medicine at Mount Sinai and Stanford Medicine, have already developed ResearchKit apps for specific diseases, including asthma and cardiovascular health. Apple Inc. Estimates Upped On Strong iPhone Read Apple is expected to release more details about its smartwatch today and possibly unveil some product refreshes. Nonetheless, Wall Street s focus remains on iPhone sales, as they are the key to the company s success. There s evidence that suggests iPhone sales for the March quarter will be higher than the consensus estimate, potentially driven by demand in China.

iPhone sales look strong

In a report dated March 6, UBS analysts Steven Milunovich and Peter Christiansen said they re bumping up their iPhone unit estimate for the current quarter from 55 million to 58 million. They report that their Evidence Lab iPhone Monitor suggests iPhone sales could reach as high as 66 million units, compared to the consensus estimate of 54 million units.

As a result of the higher iPhone sales estimate, they bumped up their revenue estimate for Apple from $56.8 billion to $58.8 billion. They also increased their earnings per share estimate for the March quarter from $2.24 to $2.36 per share.

China demand for the iPhone looks strong

The UBS team sets their estimates based on Google Trend searches for the iPhone. If Apple sells 66 million units during the current quarter, that would be just a 12% decline quarter over quarter. In the last three years, the declines have been 14%, 22% and 5%.

They analysts note that the strength in the last quarter could be pushing iPhone searches too high. However, they also say global searches for Apple s smartphone increased 21% year over year in January and February. They add that China appears to be the main driver of the potential upside, as searches for the iPhone skyrocketed 115% year over year and 7% quarter over quarter.

In the U.S., Google searches for the iPhone were flat year over year and down by 26% quarter over quarter. The UBS analysts call the 26% sequential decline in the U.S.  reasonable.  Here s a look at how the Apple Monitor has stacked up to actual sales of the iPhone and consensus estimates over the last several quarters. Graphs are courtesy UBS.

Apple beat the Monitor last quarter

The analysts also report that in the December quarter, sales of Apple s iPhone actually exceeded the indications from their Apple Monitor. Sales came in at 74.5 million compared to the Apple Monitor s predicted 69 million, and that was in spite of supply constraints.

Milunovich and Christiansen also point out that only 13% of the iPhone s installed base have upgraded to the iPhone 6. Also they report that their recent survey suggested that up to 20% of current Samsung owners are considering making the switch to the iPhone.

The UBS team continues to rate Apple as a Buy with a $150 per share price target. As of this writing, shares of Apple were up by 0.74% at $127.56 per share. 
2015-03-05
Inside Greater China: An exclusive look at Apple Inc in Taiwan Exclusive

Apple has singled out Greater China--including mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan--as a primary growth center. AppleInsider took a trip to learn more, starting with a week exploring Taiwan.





Taipei 101 towers over other skyscrapers in the skyline of Taiwan's largest city

Taiwan's important relationship with Apple

Of the 18 final assembly facilities Apple lists, 15 are operated by companies headquartered in Taiwan

Source: TSMC, via SemiWiki

Taiwan's strange relationship with China

Taiwan is the "Republic of China," and maintains a strange relationship with the mainland People's Republic of China

AppleInsider in Taiwan







228 Peace Memorial Park

Apple stores in Taiwan



Linkwell



Youth



Studio A



"Apple Plus"





The App Store in Taiwan





















Taiwan is an island nation of 23.4 million people, and it's an important market for Apple. Last fall, Digitimes (which is based in Taipei, the island's largest city) reported that Apple's iPhone 6 models made up four of Taiwan's top five smartphones, helping the company to take 24.6 percent unit share and an astounding 48.9 percent sales value share of Taiwan's smartphones sales.The iPhone maker's profit share is even higher: 89 percent globally in the last quarter.Apple's success in the country is particularly impressive given that Taiwan is home to major phone makers including HTC and Asustek (Asus), which came in with second and fourth place in domestic phone sales, respectively, on either side of South Korea's Samsung in third place. Japan's Sony took fifth place in the country's phone sales.Taiwan is also a critical supplier to Apple. Of the 18 final assembly facilities Apple lists, 15 are operated by companies headquartered in Taiwan, including Compal; Hon Hai Precision / Foxconn; Inventec; Pegatron; Quanta and Wistron. Those Taiwanese companies all operate factories located in mainland China.Additionally, Apple also lists a series of other suppliers based in (or operating from) Taiwan, including Advanced Semiconductor Engineering; AKM Semiconductor (a subsidiary of a Japanese firm with headquarters in California); Career Technology; Catcher Technology; Compeq Manufacturing; Corning (based in Kentucky); Darfon Electronics; Flexium Interconnect; Jarllytec; Largan Precision; Micron Technology (based in Idaho); Nan Ya Plastics; Nippon Mektron (based in Japan); NXP Semiconductors (based in the Netherlands); Shin Zu Shing; Styron (based in Pennsylvania); Taiwan Powder Technologies; Tripod Technology; Unitech; Vishay Intertechnology (based in Pennsylvania); Xintec and--perhaps most famously--Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, the fab producing Apple's latest A8 and A8X chips.TSMC competes with Samsung to build parts for other manufacturers; HTC and other Taiwanese companies have reportedly banded together to resist Samsung's advances, despite the fact that Samsung remains a popular smartphone brand in the country. Samsung is, however, less popular in Taiwan that it is in other countries, where its flagship phone generally occupies second place.Apple's reporting segment of "Greater China" bundles Hong Kong and the mainland People's Republic of China with Taiwan, even though the latter is a separate country, established by Chinese nationalists (supported by the United States) fleeing China's 1949 Communist revolution.Taiwan is the "Republic of China," and maintains a strange relationship with the mainland People's Republic of China. Initially, the nationalists fighting communists in China retreated to Taiwan while hoping to eventually to retake mainland China; they have since given up those ambitions.The communist People's Republic of China meanwhile, claims Taiwan, creating a bizarre diplomatic world where Taiwanese citizens visiting China are required to carry two passports: one for Taiwan and a second that suggests they are actually Chinese citizens who happen to live in Taiwan, without actually calling the document a "passport."Since 1979, China has also insisted that every other nation (including the United States and the United Nations, collectively) not officially recognize Taiwan as a sovereign, independent state, even though it has functioned as one for the last sixty five years.To appease China's Communist Party, the U.S. maintains "a robust unofficial relationship" with Taiwan despite having agreed that it "recognized the Government of the People's Republic of China as the sole legal government of China, acknowledging the Chinese position that there is but one China and Taiwan is part of China."Despite being an independent nation, Taiwan's independence is officially "not supported" by the U.S. or the United Nations (or any other significant countries) to avoid upsetting mainland China, which maintains that it owns Taiwan even as it also agrees (for now) not to interfere with its government. Tensions between the two nations remain, as they are separated by only 80 miles of water across the Taiwan Strait.There is political controversy within Taiwan whether it should seek to remain politically distinct from mainland China, or to unify in a "one China, two Systems" fashion similar to Hong Kong or Macau, which are both officially part of the PRC while maintaining significant independence under the designation of being a "Special Administrative Region." Mainland China expects to eventually take over Taiwan and operate it as a SAR.It's easy for American citizens to visit Taiwan and obtain a visa on arrival. I spent a week in Taiwan, largely in Taipei, a city of 2.7 million people within a metropolitan area of 6.9 million. That makes Taipei about as populous as Chicago, but much more dense as it covers less than half the land area of America's third largest city.Twenty years ago, the country began building its first metro system, which is now comprehensive and efficiently moves incredible numbers of riders throughout the city and even most of the way to nearby national parks and hot springs, making it easy to both get around in the city and visit surrounding rural areas.In 2000, the nation also began building High Speed Rail linking Taipei to its airport and cities along the west coast, where 90 percent of its population lives. There's also moderately fast trains that run down the east coast. After inadvertently getting on the wrong train, I ended up halfway down the coast in Hualien rather than the much closer Sandioling I had intended to visit. Fortunately there's a national park there, too.Taipei feels a lot like Tokyo, which is unsurprising because Japan largely developed its initial infrastructure during its occupation of Taiwan between 1895 and the end of WWII in 1945. Following Japan's surrender, the nationalist Kuomintang (KMT) Party lost control of mainland China to the Communist Party and retreated to Taiwan to establish the Republic of China.The KMT ruled Taiwan in a one party dictatorship through 1990, when it opened up multi-party democracy in response to the Wild Lily student movement. One of the first parks I visited is known as " 228 Peace Memorial Park," (below) named after the KMT's brutally violent suppression of anti-government demonstrators at the site beginning on February 28, 1947, which resulting in the killings of tens of thousands of people.A "White Terror" period followed the "228 Incident" up until 1987, involving imprisonments and blacklistings of suspected political dissidents. The "incident" remained taboo until the government officially apologized and exonerated victims in 1995. Today, Taiwan feels very safe and is aggressively moving to retain and expand upon its position as a world leader in technology components and production.Despite a national population nearly as large as Texas, Taiwan doesn't yet have any official Apple Retail stores (Texas has 18). Taipei itself has a population greater than Hawaii, which currently has three Apple Stores. Taiwan has a slightly higher population than Australia, which has 21 Apple Stores. Japan has 5.4 times the population of Taiwan, but boasts 8 Apple Retail stores.That indicates Apple has lots of potential for deploying new stores in Taiwan (and Japan). In addition to Taipei, Taiwan has 5 other cities with a population over 1 million. California only has two cities with more than 1 million (or four if you include San Francisco and San Jose, along with their surrounding suburbs to reach 1 million each). California has 52 Apple Stores.Apple's chief financial officer Luca Maestri noted in the company's most recent earnings call that the company was "on track toward 40 stores in Greater China by mid-2016," double the 20 it currently operates. That makes it likely that Taiwan will get a store of its own soon.Apple has worked with authorized resellers in Taiwan since at least 2006, however, including retail chains Youth, Linkwell and Studio A, which appear to exclusively sell Apple-related merchandise. Every major mall I visited seemed to have at least one of these stores, including the high end shopping center at Taipei 101 (which until recently was the world's tallest building). There were also "store within a store" outlets selling Apple products within many department stores.In Taipei's Guang Hua Digital Plaza, known as the "nerd mall" for housing six floors of various electronic gadget and computer vendors, there were a couple shops selling Apple gear on every floor, apparently more than other retailers such as Sony or Taiwan's own Asus.There are also unofficial outlets that look like they're trying to be Apple stores, including this "Apple +" outlet (below) located near Guang Hua. Given that iPhones made up nearly a quarter of Taiwan's smartphone market, it's clearly not hard for residents to find Apple equipment to buy.It was also common to see iPads and MacBook users. In fact, iPad use is so common in Taiwan that public service advertisements warn drivers that they shouldn't be using them while driving (or using a smartphone while operating a scooter!).An equally large presence for Apple comes in the form of app advertisements. In metro subway cars, various app ads included Apple's App Store logos (below, a real estate app) along with the Google Play logo.Taiwan's own phone makers don't get this kind of free advertisement because they collectively use Android. Samsung also has to pay for all of its own advertisements, and did so in massive banners like this one at Zhongxiao Fuxing Station (below).Many metro stations and plazas featured massive billboards advertising mobile games, and nearly every one included an Apple App Store badge--providing constant free advertising for the iPhone maker while all of its rivals were covered by the generic Android badge.Also conspicuously absent from the banners was any mention of BlackBerry or Microsoft's Nokia, Lumia or Windows Phone brands. Just a few years ago, Taiwan's HTC was building 80 percent of Microsoft's Windows Mobile devices. It continues to offer new models running Windows Phone, but apparently not enough to warrant mention on third party app developers' advertisements, even in Taiwan.This means while Apple is selling about a quarter of all smartphones in Taiwan, it is getting a 50 percent share of all free ad mentions by app developers, and Apple's logo is splashed on nearly every app banner. That's a lot of free advertising for Apple in a country where it doesn't yet even have a retail presence.Apple launched iPhone 6 in Taiwan on September 26, two and a half weeks after its U.S. launch, one week after Hong Kong but three weeks before it went on sale in mainland China on October 10. That indicates that Taiwan helped boost Apple's Q4 results, and continued to help Apple achieve 70 percent revenue growth in Greater China during fiscal Q1, starting in October.Despite those spectacular results, Taiwan, Hong Kong and mainland China all observe their biggest national holiday in Apple's Q2: Lunar New Year . This year, the holiday began in the second half of February.In Taiwan, workers typically get at least an entire week off to visit family and celebrate the gift giving holiday, which for Chinese speaking nations is bigger than Christmas in the West. In fact, for the first week of Lunar New Year, Taipei largely shuts down. That sent me to Hong Kong, to see more of Apple's presence in Greater China. A second segment examines Apple's presence and retail stores in Hong Kong Note: Neither Apple, nor Taiwan's TSMC, Foxconn or any other supplier or agency, provided any assistance or support in creating this report, at best responding to questions with refusals to meet or even answer any questions. In stark contrast, last year Samsung paid airplane and meal expenses for Steve Kovach of Business Insider in exchange for publishing a phony public relations exercise as a news story. Apple's Currency Problem Becoming More Challenging For The Company  
2015-11-03
9 Amazing Companies Apple, Inc. Bought in Fiscal Year 2015 Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently reported is fiscal fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2015 earnings, and on the company's earnings call CEO Tim Cook revealed Apple has purchased 15 companies this past year. That's down from more than 30 in 2014, but don't let the lower number of acquisitions fool you into thinking Apple fell down on the job this year.

The iMaker purchased deep learning and artificial intelligence companies, several mapping and navigation companies, and acquired some entertainment analytics services, augmented reality, and database processing start-ups. Click through the slideshow below to find out what companies Apple bought and how it may best utilize them. 
2015-04-29
Why Apple, Inc.'s Future Is Incredibly Bright Last year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reported spending approximately $1.42 billion on research and development activities in its fiscal second quarter. In Apple's fiscal second quarter this year, the company reported spending $1.92 billion on research and development -- a 35% year-over-year increase.

The sharp increase in R&D spending may have some investors wondering one question: What is Apple spending all of that money on?

Apple CFO Luca Maestri explains

Analyst Katy Huberty pointed out on the earnings call that Apple's research and development spending "continues to track well ahead of revenue growth." She even went on to say that this has been the case for "many quarters now" and asked Apple's management about what's driving that.

CFO Luca Maestri attributed this large bump in research and development costs to a number of factors worth exploring in more detail below.

Factor #1: A broader product portfolio

Right off the bat, Maestri said that Apple's product portfolio is "much broader than it used to be." He pointed to Apple's development of two iPhones and iPads each year rather than just one as had been the case in the past. He also noted that the company is also investing in the Apple Watch.

Factor #2: Bringing more technologies in-house

Maestri also made it clear that Apple is now developing more "core foundational technologies in-house" than it had previously. The most obvious example is that Apple now invests heavily in the development of complex applications processors that power its iPhone/iPad products.

There is also evidence that Apple is now developing chips such as flash memory controllers for its Macs. It also appears to be taking a more active role in the development of display technologies for its products.

Factor #3: Spending on new products

Another important point that Maestri made was that the company is "spending ahead of the products that will generate revenue in the future."

Product development cycles in technology are relatively long, particularly for the kinds of products that Apple develops which require a tight integration of complex hardware and software. This means that the money Apple is spending today is being used to develop products that might not show up for years to come.

And, although the investors fixated solely on the bottom line might not want to hear this, some of this research and development money may be spent on projects that Apple might ultimately choose not to release.

R&D is the "core" of Apple

Maestri explicitly said that research and development is the "core" of Apple. This is absolutely the right attitude for a technology company. Of course, technology companies should try to deliver as much profit to their shareholders as possible. However, companies need to be careful to not sacrifice their futures in order to save an extra buck today. Apple makes a lot of money and the growth in its revenue and gross profit is more than enough to offset the increases that the company is seeing in research and development.

Investing heavily today in future products is, without a doubt, the right decision.

Given that Apple has significantly stepped up its research and development expenses over the last few years, I believe that customers and investors will be pleasantly surprised with the quality of Apple's future products. As an Apple customer myself, I can't wait to see what all of that research and development spending brings. Tim Cook's Touch Reduces China Risk For Apple  New Bearish Technical Signal In Apple's Chart Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL) shareholders were disappointed on Tuesday when Apple s stock fell nearly 2 percent after the company released record earnings Monday afternoon. The market s response to the earnings beat may simply have been a case of unreasonably high expectations for the world s largest company.

Whatever the reason for the decline, Apple shareholders now have a brand new technical reason to worry after Tuesday s trading session.

Bearish Engulfing

Not only was Tuesday s trading action negative for Apple, the stock formed a textbook bearish trading pattern in its daily chart: the bearish engulfing pattern.

A bearish engulfing pattern is formed when a small white candlestick in a stock chart is followed by a large black (or red) candlestick that completely engulfs the previous day s candle.

Apple formed the bearish engulfing pattern on Tuesday after the stock opened at all-time highs, but then closed below Monday s low of the day.

Related Link: Apple Results Stir Animal Spirits Of Bulls And Bears

What Does It Mean?

According to Investopedia,  this type of pattern usually accompanies an uptrend in a security, possibly signaling a peak or slowdown in its advancement.  Often times, a bearish engulfing signal in a stock that had previously been in a strong uptrend signals either a reversal or a pullback ahead.

Traders looking to make a quick buck off of Apple s earnings report have good reason to be concerned over the bearish engulfing pattern. However, any long-term investor in Apple may want to just enjoy the stellar performance of the company.

Even if the signal results in a healthy technical pullback in Apple s stock in the short-term, the fundamentals of the company will be the ultimate driver of price action in the long-term. Like any other technical analysis indicator, the bearish engulfing pattern is far from a guarantee.

Posted-In: Technicals Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. The Drawbacks Of Apple's Cash Hoard Are Starting To Show  
2015-05-24
1 Awesome Way Apple Inc. Is Building Customer Loyalty Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next-generation iOS, known as iOS 9, will run efficiently on devices with processors as old as the Apple A5, according to a report from 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman (via MacRumors). Gurman's sources reportedly say that Apple has "restructured its software engineering process to better support older hardware."

What does this mean, exactly?

A new way of building iOS

In the past, Apple would build a "feature-complete" version of iOS and selectively disable features that "do not perform well during testing," says Gurman. However, with iOS 9, Apple reportedly plans to do things differently.

Gurman says Apple will put together a "core version" of iOS 9 that will run well on devices powered by the relatively dated A5 chip. Then, for more powerful devices, Apple will enable "properly performing" features "one by one."

This, Gurman writes, means "an entire generation (or two) of iPhones, iPads, and iPod touches will be iOS 9-compatible rather than reaching the end of the iOS line."

Why is this a big deal?

One well-known advantage of owning an Apple device over, say, a run-of-the-mill Android device is that as an Apple customer, you can count on being able to run many new generations of iOS. Vendors of Android devices are generally slow to bring the latest versions of Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android to older devices -- if they bother to do so at all.

For example, according to Tech Times, Samsung won't be providing an update to its Galaxy S3 smartphone to support the latest Android 5.0 Lollipop release. In contrast, the iPhone 4s -- which actually preceded the Galaxy S3 by over six months -- received an update to iOS 8 and, if 9to5Mac's report is accurate, will be getting iOS 9.

Furthermore, what I find even more interesting is that Apple isn't just content with slapping the newest version of iOS on older devices without regard to performance; it's actually investing in trying to deliver a smooth experience to owners of these phones.

Giving up a short-term gain to build long-term customer loyalty

Gurman notes there is speculation that Apple intentionally tries to hurt performance of newer versions of iOS on older devices in a bid to spur upgrades, but -- again, as Gurman observes -- what Apple is reportedly doing with iOS 9 runs counter to this notion.

Some could argue that this may hurt Apple in the short term; after all, Apple makes its money by selling new devices, and giving people more reasons to upgrade could be a good thing.

However, the more I think about it, the more it seems this is the right way to go. If customers have confidence that the last product they bought from Apple was well supported and lasted a long time, this builds customer loyalty and could potentially increase the odds of repeat business.

Additionally, it sounds as though with Apple's new development methodology, the latest versions of iOS will run smoothly on relatively dated hardware, but iPhone users with more powerful devices will be able to enjoy a smooth experience with, of course, additional features and functionality.

If Gurman's report is correct, it seems as though Apple is making the right moves for the long term. And, as a Fool, that's what I like to see. Lessons From Apple, Inc. Stock's Volatility in the Last Three Years Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is hands down the most closely followed stock of the last decade. The Apple rumor mill has made a habit of highlighting every product leak and speculating about every report, and analysts persist in chasing the stock price with their always-moving 12-month price targets.

In the past three years, the media's hyperactive Apple coverage has been particularly aggressive. Reporters have held up a microscope to the stock's wild volatility, attempting to justify each and every swing.

But when investors zoom out from the microanalysis of every detail surrounding Apple's business and observe the stock from a 10,000-foot view, there are three simple lessons for long-term investors.

Do nothing

Sometimes, the best move an investor can make is to sit back, relax, and do nothing. This strategy has worked out handsomely for buy-and-hold Apple investors for decades -- and the last three years were no exception.

Investors who owned Apple stock during the last three years -- ignoring all the noise and avoiding the guessing game of attempting to time the peaks and troughs -- have earned solid profits. In spite of the volatility, Apple stock has soared 72% in the past three years. Additionally, the company has paid out a total of $5.30 in split-adjusted dividends during this time.

Sure, investors who managed to perfectly time selling Apple stock around a split-adjusted $100 in 2012, and proceeded to buy shares when they pulled back to close to $55, would have outperformed long-term buy-and-hold Apple investors. But it's difficult to imagine that the same sort of investor who would cash out around $100 in 2012 and buy around $55 in 2013 would have the patience to hold through the stock's massive run-up to $130 today.

At $55, Apple stock was a steal

When Apple stock pulled back to $55 in 2013, the keen investors who acted on this irrational overreaction to the company's narrowing gross profit margin and slowing revenue growth at the time have earned about a 134% return on their investment in just two years.

While buy-and-hold investors are often better off ignoring volatility when it comes to the shares they already own, this doesn't mean investors shouldn't look for buying opportunities when stocks on their watch list pull back.

Indeed, volatility is often a buy-and-hold investor's best friend. When a market selloff sends shares of excellent companies to irrationally low prices, long-term investors can add to their positions or finally open a position in the excellent business they've been eyeing.

Share repurchases matter

One of the primary drivers behind the rise of Apple's stock price in recent years has been management's aggressive share buybacks.

By repurchasing loads of its own shares, Apple has been able to grow its earnings per share, or EPS, significantly faster than it has been able to grow its net income. TTM EPS in the past three years has risen 33%, easily outperforming Apple's 19% growth in net income during that same period.

Repurchases also explain the difference between Apple stock's gain and the company's market cap increase. In the past three years, the stock leaped 72% on a 52% market cap gain.

Summing up these three lessons, there's little reason to pay attention to the majority of market noise concerning excellent businesses. Sure, Apple had investors wondering about the company's growth potential in 2013. But the concerns hardly justified a nearly 50% sell-off between the stock's 2012 high and its lowest point in 2013. Long-term Apple investors who held this industry-leading cash cow amid all the noise have made out like bandits. 
2015-09-23
Apple Inc., 3D Systems Corporation, AbbVie Inc, QUALCOMM, Inc.: Stocks Set To ... Michael Robinson: Not investing in technology right now means missing one of the greatest bull markets of all time.

Over the last 10 years, the tech-centric Nasdaq Composite Index has beaten the broader market by more than double.

That outperformance will continue. The American economy now runs on high tech   from chips to cloud computing to biotech to Bluetooth and Wi-Fi, these advanced systems form the backbone of our nation s growth.

And with the Nasdaq off 6% over the last three months, now is the perfect time to get invested and position yourself for maximum tech-sector gains.

I m about to show you the best stocks to do that with. Each of these stocks is set to crush the broader market over the next decade, and they re bargains right now. Together, they re like a license to print money 

Tech Bargain No. 1: Qualcomm Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM)

Tech Trends to Know. The Internet of Everything is  a massive network of interconnected devices like appliances, televisions, phones, and even toothbrushes, all exchanging data. Flash Memory is  a kind of electrically erasable, programmable read-only memory (EPROM) using blocks instead of bytes. A section of memory cells can be rewritten or erased in a single action, or  flash.  Cloud Computing is  a model for enabling ubiquitous, convenient, and on-demand network access to a shared pool of computing resources, like storage and applications, which can be supplied with little management effort.

Wall Street has yet to price a big move for Qualcomm Inc. (Nasdaq: QCOM)   the world s largest mobile chip firm   and its $2.4 billion buyout bid of CSR, which is itself a pioneer in Bluetooth and wireless connectivity systems.

CSR ranks as a leader in automotive  infotainment systems,  telematics, and technology for the Internet of Everything (IoE). This last market is a potential goldmine for Qualcomm.

The International Data Corporation expects the IoE market, with its billions of interconnected devices, to grow from a value of $1.9 trillion in 2013 to $7.1 trillion by 2020.

Perhaps the best thing about a stock like Qualcomm is that it s a high-margin play on the company s massive patent portfolio. Its patents form the foundation for most of the world s mobile communications.

With an $85 billion market cap, the stock trades at $54.30. It has 30% operating margins and trades at just 11.5 times forward earnings, a 42% discount from the Nasdaq 100.

Tech Bargain No. 2: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

Apple Inc. (Nasdaq: AAPL) is off its recent highs because Wall Street is worried about Apple s iPhone sales in China. This despite the fact that the iconic smartphone had a 75% sales increase there in the June quarter.

But Wall Street is forgetting just how much the company has going on these days. The new Apple Watch is selling at about 10 million units a year, and the firm just released the iPhone 6s update to rave reviews.

And on Monday, The Wall Street Journal reported that Apple intends to release an electric car by 2019 and has already devoted a 600-person team to doing so.

Apple also recently launched a new music streaming service and has released an updated version of its powerful and popular Apple TV set top box for streaming video.

With a $657 billion market cap, the stock trades at $115. It has a 41% return on equity and grew its most recent quarterly earnings by 38%   or more than 15 times the U.S. economy s average growth over the last five years.

Tech Bargain No. 3: SanDisk Corp. (NASDAQ:SNDK)

The Silicon Valley s SanDisk Corp. (Nasdaq: SNDK) remains the leading maker of flash memory for electronic devices   cameras, mobile phones, laptops, and tablets, just to name a few.

But it s the company s long-term vision that s so exciting. You see, SanDisk intends to become a major player in data centers for cloud computing.

Last year, it acquired cloud data storage firm Fusion-io. And among its all-star client list are heavy hitters like Apple and Facebook Inc. (Nasdaq: FB).

Companies are moving to flash storage because data can be retrieved about 20 times faster than from conventional hard disk drives. IDC says companies will spend more than $40 billion in 2015 on storage hardware alone.

With a roughly $11 billion market cap, SanDisk trades at $53. It has 17% operating margins and last year generated more than $1 billion in free cash flow.

Tech Bargain No. 4: AbbVie Inc. (NYSE:ABBV)

Investors have worried lately that AbbVie Inc. (NYSE: ABBV) is too dependent on Humira (adalimubab), the best-selling drug in the world with sales last year of more than $12.5 billion. Patents on the anti-inflammatory begin to expire late next year.

However, AbbVie just made a $21 billion acquisition of Pharmcyclics Inc. The buyout added Imbruvica (ibrutinib), a promising leukemia drug, to its portfolio.

And in just the past two weeks, AbbVie announced that it is seeking to expand Imbruvica in the United States to include front-line treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia   the most common form of the disease.

The company is making some shrewd strategic partnerships right now, too 

It has partnered with Google Inc. s (Nasdaq: GOOG, GOOGL) secretive California Life Company, better known as Calico. The two companies have agreed to invest $1.5 billion in drug research and will focus on genetic data to treat age-related diseases.

With a $98 billion market cap, the stock trades at $59.50. It has a 39% return on equity and recently increased its quarterly earnings by 24%. On a forward earnings basis, it trades at a nearly 30% discount to the S&P 500.

Tech Bargain No. 5: 3D Systems Corp. (NYSE:DDD)

It s hard to believe that 3D Systems Corp. (NYSE: DDD)   the leader in 3D printing   traded at a closing high of $96.42 in December 2013.

Since that time, the pioneer in the field has gotten hammered   it now trades at just $12.21.

To fuel new growth, the company has gone on an acquisition binge that has hurt short-termprofits. This comes at a time when the sector is under pressure from an announcement that printing giant Hewlett-Packard Co. (NYSE: HPQ) intends to enter the space, which analysts say is growing at 30% a year.

That would be bad news for any other company  But 3D Systems has a huge head start on the lucrative federal market that most investors don t even know exists.

3D Systems  3D design-to-print goods and services are being offered through the General Services Administration. That means the firm now is inside a program that distributes $50 billion worth of business a year.

With a $1.4 billion market cap, the stock has thin margins reflecting its current growing pains. It trades at just 1 times sales. And if DDD returned to just 50% of its December 2013 high, that would mean profits of 295%.

Written By Michael Robinson From Money Morning

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars; new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially ; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet. And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. 
2015-07-09
Apple Can't Shoot Down Smartflash Patents Under Alice PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) 
2015-11-26
Apple, Inc.'s Share-Repurchase Program Is Moving the Needle ... a Lot Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) share-repurchase program is often characterized as an "aggressive" effort. But rarely is the program put into perspective. It's important for Apple investors to understand the impact of the program because its effectiveness goes beyond that of the typical share-buyback program of publicly traded companies.

Share-repurchase programs: Theory versus practice

Share repurchases are simple. When a company repurchases shares, it uses free cash flow, which it could otherwise be putting to work in business expansion, acquisitions, or dividends, to reduce the count of total shares and, in doing so, increase the per-share intrinsic value of each share for shareholders. Further, management's decision to buy back shares suggests the company believes its stock is at least fairly valued -- or better yet, undervalued.

But the problem is share repurchases are often much better in theory than in practice. In reality, there are three reasons a share-repurchase program may not be generating meaningful value for shareholders:

A company may be overpaying for its shares, thus reducing the total intrinsic value attributable to shareholders. The opportunity cost may be too great. In some cases, strategic acquisitions, expansion, or investments in the underlying business could represent better ways to use the cash. The repurchase program may only be moderating the effects of stock options for employees and not really making a dent.

Apple's rapidly declining share count

What makes Apple's share repurchase program so valuable is that it is just as good in practice as a share repurchase program could be in theory in ideal conditions. Apple is buying back undervalued shares in huge volume with cash that couldn't be used any better elsewhere.



Consider the current value of Apple shares. Following a huge year of growth, in which EPS soared 43%, the stock trades at just 13 times earnings. Of course, there are a range of ways to illustrate the value of Apple stock -- and all of them suggest the security is undervalued. Furthermore, Apple's average share price throughout the entirety of its repurchase program, which didn't really begin until 2013 (before 2013, share repurchases were only enacted to mitigate dilution), is about $90 -- well below where shares are trading today.



And the sheer volume of share count reduction since the company began its repurchase program is downright mind-boggling. Consider the impact of Apple's aggressive share repurchases on its EPS over the last 12 months, evidenced by the discrepancy on net income growth and EPS growth. During the company's fourth fiscal quarter of 2014, net income increased 31.4%, while EPS jumped 38.1%.

Apple has even increased the value of its share repurchase program by being opportunistic when it recognizes shares are trading exceptionally low, leveraging the impact of the buyback.

With all this in mind, investors should be all for the tech giant's aggressive repurchase program. Indeed, the company's repurchase program is a key reason for investors to buy and hold this stock for the long haul.



Apple has already spent $104 billion on share repurchases, $36 billion of which occurred in fiscal 2015 alone. The company has $46 billion remaining to spend on share repurchases, and the program expires at the end of March 2017. But keep in mind that Apple has opted to increase its share repurchase authorization every year since the program was first initiated. Jury Wrongly Cleared Apple In Emblaze IP Suit, Fed. Circ. Told PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial.

Password (at least 6 characters required) 
2015-10-13
Apple loses patent lawsuit to University of Wisconsin, faces hefty damages An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City, July 21, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar

NEW YORK Apple Inc could be facing up to $862 million in damages after a U.S. jury on Tuesday found the iPhone maker used technology owned by the University of Wisconsin-Madison's licensing arm without permission in chips found in many of its most popular devices.

The jury in Madison, Wisconsin also said the patent, which improves processor efficiency, was valid. The trial will now move on to determine how much Apple owes in damages.

Representatives for the Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation (WARF) and Apple could not immediately be reached for comment.

WARF sued Apple in January 2014 alleging infringement of its 1998 patent for improving chip efficiency.

Related Stories

Schools that sue: Why more universities file patent lawsuits

Top 100 Innovative Universities: University of Wisconsin System

The jury was considering whether Apple's A7, A8 and A8X processors, found in the iPhone 5s, 6 and 6 Plus, as well as several versions of the iPad, violate the patent.

Cupertino, California-based Apple denied any infringement and argued the patent is invalid, according to court papers. Apple previously tried to convince the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office to review the patent's validity, but in April the agency rejected the bid.

According to a recent ruling by U.S. District Judge William Conley, who is presiding over the case, Apple could be liable for up to $862.4 million in damages.

He scheduled the trial to proceed in three phases: liability, damages, and finally, whether Apple infringed the patent willfully, which could lead to enhanced penalties.

WARF used the patent to sue Intel Corp in 2008, but the case was settled the following year on the eve of trial.

Last month, WARF launched a second lawsuit against Apple, this time targeting the company's newest chips, the A9 and A9X, used in the just-released iPhone 6S and 6S Plus, as well as the iPad Pro.

The case is Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation v. Apple Inc in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Wisconsin, No. 14-cv-62.

(Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi and Chris Reese) Apple Inc. iPhone 6s Chipgate: The Real Loser (Hint: It's Not Apple) At this point it is very well known that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is having its A9 processor built at two chip manufacturers: TSMC (NYSE:TSM) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF). Furthermore, it's now widely known that chips are manufactured in TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus process as well as Samsung's 14-nanometer process (I am told that it is likely Samsung's higher-performing 14-nanometer LPP).

According to a flood of testing by many iPhone 6s/6s Plus buyers, it is also widely known that the chips built on TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus process are, in general, substantially more power efficient.

Although it might seem that this is bad news for Apple, the real loser here looks like Samsung.

iPhone users probably won't care, but potential foundry customers will

As far as Apple and iPhone customers are concerned, I don't think most customers will really care. After all, most people aren't even going to bother to check which chip they have, and even if they do, I can't imagine that people are going to go through the hassle of returning otherwise perfectly good iPhones because they got Samsung-built processors.

In other words, I agree with my fellow Foolish colleague Evan Niu that this controversy, widely dubbed "Chipgate," will be forgotten soon enough.

However, the underlying issues that have led to this controversy will likely matter a great deal to potential customers of both TSMC and Samsung.

TSMC appears to be in the driver's seat at 14/16-nanometer, contrary to prior predictions

For a while, Samsung had given the "impression" that it was significantly ahead of TSMC at the 14/16-nanometer manufacturing technology generation. After all, the Samsung process does deliver slightly smaller chip areas than the TSMC process does (this is seen in the die sizes of the two A9s) and Samsung did start mass production before TSMC did.

That being said, it is clear TSMC is in the driver's seat. From what I am told, TSMC is able to yield A9 chips at twice the rate that Samsung is. Furthermore, I am also told by a trusted source that on the Samsung-built A9 chips, leakage power is higher and lifetime reliability is lower.

In light of the fact that TSMC's 16-nanometer technology looks to be the superior of the two foundry 14/16-nanometer processes, I suspect that fabless customers will prefer to build their chips at TSMC, rather than at Samsung, given the choice. In fact, that's exactly what Apple is said to be doing with next year's A10.

Indeed, it is quite clear at this point why TSMC executives expect that it will have a "far majority" share of the foundry 14/16-nanometer business beginning in 2016.

Samsung foundry faces an uphill battle

At the end of the day, I believe things aren't as rosy for Samsung's foundry group as the company tried to make it seem by pushing its 14-nanometer technology into production ahead of when TSMC went into production on 16-nanometer FinFET Plus.

On the bright side, Samsung has a fairly large captive audience with its own smartphones; I wouldn't be shocked to see the company gradually transition its smartphones to chips either designed in-house or to merchant chips manufactured in Samsung's foundries.

It will be interesting to see what happens at the 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer generations, that's for sure. However, based on what has happened over the last several technology generations (28-nanometer, 20-nanometer, and 14/16-nanometer), I'd be surprised to see Samsung get a leg up on TSMC anytime soon. The Apple Inc. MacBook Family Is Due for a Massive Overhaul Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is arguably the most successful vendor of premium laptops; indeed, it seems that not a quarter goes by without Apple gaining additional market segment share relative to its peers in the PC market.

Apple has done well in this market due to a whole host of factors including an excellent operating system, great hardware design, and strong marketing.

That being said, as I take a look at what the rest of the PC ecosystem is currently rolling out, with the latest Microsoft Surface Book standing out in particular, it seems to be high-time for Apple to do a comprehensive refresh of its MacBook product line.

The MacBook Air is in desperate need of a big refresh; MacBook needs a slight one

Although Apple has kept the internal specifications of its MacBook Air family of computers quite up to date, the design itself is quite old and the displays found on both the 11-inch and 13-inch models are really outdated compared to what other PC vendors offer in competing products.

Furthermore, even though Apple is generally among the first to transition to new Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) processors inside of its MacBook Air laptops, the company has yet to transition its products to the chip giant's latest Skylake processors, even as competitors begin to do so.

Early next year, when Intel's highest-end Skylake-based 15-watt processors should be available in robust volumes, I suspect Apple will refresh the MacBook Air family. I think it would be a big mistake for the company to "just" boost the hardware specifications as it did over the last several generations of MacBook Airs; the company needs to deliver a new industrial design as well as a substantially improved display.

I think that if Apple can deliver such a product, it should have little issue maintaining or even continuing to grow share against its competition in much of the high-end consumer PC market.

It's also worth mentioning that Apple's recently released 12-inch MacBook would benefit from an upgrade to Skylake-based Core M processors, which should deliver solid improvements over the older Broadwell-based Core M processors found in the current models.

The MacBook Pro computers could really use a boost, too

Apple's higher-performance MacBook Pro family of computers also likely need to be upgraded in order to remain competitive against the new wave of 13-inch and 15-inch premium Windows notebooks.

For example, many high-performance laptops are now transitioning to Intel's new Skylake architecture. The 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro is still using Intel's now two-generation old Haswell processors, and the 13-inch Retina MacBook Pro is using one-generation-old Broadwell processors.

I suspect that the appropriate Skylake-based processors should be available by early next year to support an upgraded 13-inch MacBook Pro. The current 13-inch MacBook Pro has a nice high-resolution display and an attractive chassis. That said, an updated display (potentially a higher resolution one) and a slimmer chassis might be worthwhile improvements to go along with a hardware upgrade.

The open question, though, is whether the Skylake parts with Intel's highest-end GT4e graphics configuration will be available in high volumes by early 2016 for a 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro refresh. That said, Intel's PC Client Group chief, Kirk Skaugen, indicated at the IFA trade show in September that Skylake processors with Intel's Iris Pro graphics (i.e., the GT4e graphics configuration) would go into production this year.

This makes me hopeful that we could see a 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro refresh (with potentially a newer chassis and perhaps a 4K display), along with refreshes of the rest of Apple's MacBook lineup, in early 2016. This is Apple's grand theory of the computer market Over the past several years, there's been this idea floating around the technology industry that smartphones and tablets will eventually cannibalize laptops and desktop computers.

As a result, we've seen all sorts of devices that combine the attributes of both mobile devices and larger computers, such as laptops with detachable keyboards.

Apple doesn't look at the computer market this way. Different types of computers, regardless of their form factors, all fit together on a continuum.

"Ideally, you should be using the smallest possible gadget to do as much as possible before going to the next largest gizmo in line," writes Backchannel's Steven Levy, who spoke with several Apple executives including Phil Schiller, the company's senior vice president of worldwide marketing.

Here's how Schiller described Apple's philosophy to Levy:

They are all computers. Each one is offering computers something unique and each is made with a simple form that is pretty eternal. The job of the watch is to do more and more things on your wrist so that you don t need to pick up your phone as often. The job of the phone is to do more and more things such that maybe you don t need your iPad, and it should be always trying and striving to do that.

This is why features such as Force Touch permeate throughout Apple's product line   to keep the experience consistent and familiar. At the same time, Apple believes that it's important to keep the mobile world and desktop world somewhat separate in terms of how you interact with these devices. Macs, for example, aren't designed to support touchscreen input the way most Windows devices are, as Schiller explains to Levy:

These two worlds are different on purpose, and that s a good thing   we can optimize around the best experience for each and not try to mesh them together into a most-common-denominator experience. Apple's smaller iMac just got a way better screen Apple's ( aapl ) new 21.5-inch iMacs will feature a 4K Retina display, tech reporter Steven Levy writes on Medium .

State-of-the-art 5K Retina display technology was introduced in the 27-inch iMac just last year. The new 21.5-inch model will have the same pixel density as the larger version and nearly 5 times the resolution of Full HD.

This new display will make images and text on the smaller screen much sharper. The screens were originally capable of showing 100% of SRGB (Standard Red Green Blue), which is more than can be said for a lot of other desktop computers. It will now show a new color standard called P3, which provides a 25% wider range of colors that Levy writes will allow you to see "startlingly detailed photos and scalpel-sharp text display."

The new monitors, which are available today, include additional new features as well. The mouse is now lighter with reshaped "mouse feet" that eliminate an irritating noise issue and allow it to be handled more smoothly. The iMac now has a wireless keyboard that's smaller overall, but has larger buttons, and a Magic Trackpad with Force Touch support, both of which can be recharged through a port on the device that has been labeled "lightning."

 
2015-09-25
Apple Inc.'s Rumored ARM-Based Mac Inches Closer to Reality I know what you're thinking right now: "Oh, not this rumor again." It's true, the idea of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) making an ARM-based Mac has persisted for years. But it's also true that actually making such a product a reality would take many years, and if Apple started the process years ago when rumors first emerged, it could continue inching closer to the end goal. Naturally, here's where you insert the risks that Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) faces if it were to lose the processor spot in Macs -- a spot it only won less than a decade ago.

One of the most prominent arguments against an ARM-based Mac has long been the performance gap between Intel chips and Apple's A-chips, but this gap is narrowing every year. In fact, the new iPhone 6s is remarkably close to the performance of Intel's low-power Core M that powers the new MacBook.

The A9 is already comparable to the Core M

Prominent Apple blogger John Gruber ran the most recent model through some performance benchmarks, and the results for Apple's latest A9 are impressive to say the least. Gruber used the popular GeekBench for his tests, and the iPhone 6s beat the MacBook in a couple of categories. That's quite an accomplishment when you consider how relatively young Apple's chip team is and a testament to how quickly the Mac maker's silicon talent is advancing to close the gap.

GeekBench iPhone 6s MacBook (1.3 GHz) MacBook (1.2 GHz) MacBook (1.1 GHz) Single-Core 2,500 2,631 2,420 2,295 Multi-Core 4,340 5,268 5,018 4,464

It gets better. These results are for the A9 inside the iPhone 6s, while the A9X is a more powerful variant that will power the forthcoming iPad Pro. The A9X will represent the best silicon that Apple has to offer right now, and it's entirely conceivable that the A9X will top the MacBook in even more categories.

Apple's not there yet

While Apple has effectively closed the performance gap between the A9 and the Core M, Apple still has a long way to go before it can viably replace more powerful Intel chips with its A-chips. For instance, a top-of-the-line 2015 MacBook Pro with Retina display sporting a Core i7 boasts GeekBench scores in the ballpark of 3,400 (Single-Core) and 13,700 (Multi-Core). The performance gap there is still quite wide.

Under the hood, Apple would still need to recompile OS X to run on ARM-based processor architecture, which is no easy feat. That's especially true when it comes to third-party software compatibility. But Apple's last architecture transition was more seamless than anyone would have ever imagined, and it's not a stretch of the imagination to think that perhaps Apple has already started this process in secret (in case you haven't heard by now, Apple is the secretive type).

Earlier this year, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich described his company's relationship with Apple as "strong," noting that Apple is always going to go with the supplier that offers the best innovative capabilities. That may be true now, but it also ignores the very legitimate strategic rationales on why Apple would benefit immensely from transitioning Macs to A-chips in the long run.

Apple would be able to better tailor the performance and power efficiency profiles for its own needs, develop and design chips to coincide better with its own product cycles, and enjoy significant cost savings. Those cost savings would not only come in the form of chip prices, but also in terms of development since Apple could streamline its software teams under a single processor architecture.

There are some rumors that Apple could even ship an ARM-based Mac in 2016. Even though that timeline sounds unlikely, it does seem inevitable that Apple will do so one day. And that day keeps getting closer and closer. How Many Shares Did Apple, Inc. Repurchase This Quarter? It's been a volatile quarter for the stock market during the last three months, and for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock specifically. Shares traded above $130 during July, near $100 in August (the lowest levels for Apple stock since 2014), and are trading around $113 at the time of this writing. With shares pulling back as much as they did during the quarter, and given Apple's tendency to be opportunistic with its share repurchases, could Apple have repurchased more shares than usual during the quarter?

Apple's aggressive repurchase program

As Apple's annualized free cash flow continues to grow, the company has been ramping up its capital-return program since it was initiated in 2012. Consider this timeline for the program:

March 2012: Apple initiates capital-return program, authorizing $45 billion for repurchases over three years.

April 2013: Apple more than doubles the program, raising it to $100 billion, of which $60 billion is to be used for share repurchases.

April 2014: The authorized total amount of the capital-return program is raised to $130 billion, and $90 billion is to be used for share repurchases.

April 2015: Apple boosts its capital-return program to $200 billion, and extends the program's end out to the end of March 2017. The amount of the program specifically authorized for share repurchases increased from $90 billion to $140 billion.

Meanwhile, the company is averaging about $10 billion in share repurchases a quarter. Clearly, share repurchases are important to the tech company.

Apple CEO Tim Cook explained the board's positive sentiment toward repurchases in the press release for its most-recent update to its capital-return program: "We believe Apple has a bright future ahead, and the unprecedented size of our capital-return program reflects that strong confidence."

Think big

So, how many shares could Apple have repurchased this quarter?

Given Apple stock's pullback during August to around $100, chances are the company was rather aggressive in its repurchases. Even more, just as Apple stock was selling off, Apple CEO Tim Cook seemed as bullish as ever about the company's prospects.

As worries about Apple's health in China amid a devalued yen dragged the stock lower, Cook went out of his way to share a mid-quarter update with CNBC on Apple's performance in the country, expressing optimism regarding the company's current performance and future potential in the important market. With Cook remaining bullish on China during this market turmoil, Apple may have viewed the sell-off as irrational, and subsequently loaded up on more shares than usual.

Apple entered the quarter with $22 billion in domestic cash, locked and loaded with buying power to repurchase a higher-than-usual number of shares. During previous pullbacks, Apple has repurchased as much as $18 billion worth or shares. Could Apple have set a new record on share repurchases this quarter, spending as much as $20 billion?

Expecting that Apple set a new record in share repurchase spending during the quarter is somewhat hopeful -- and not necessarily the most-likely scenario. At the same time, it wouldn't be a huge surprise if Apple spent $20 billion in share repurchases during the quarter, because Apple's trailing-12-month free cash flow is, after all, at record highs.

The fact that it's even possible for Apple to spend this much in a single quarter helps add perspective to the significance of its ability to repurchase shares. Spending $20 billion would be enough to repurchase as many as 182 million shares -- assuming an average price per share of $110 -- or about 3.2% of Apple's total shares outstanding, in a single quarter.

We won't know exactly how many shares Apple repurchased during its fiscal fourth quarter until it announces its financial results in October. But it's likely to be one huge chunk of shares. 
2015-02-07
As Apple Inc. Overtakes Samsung, What to Happens to HTC and Sony Corp? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is crushing Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) in the smartphone wars. During the fourth quarter of 2014, Apple iPhone shipments soared 46% year-over-year as Samsung shipments fell 11%, according to IDC. Apple also claimed 19.85% of the global smartphone market, nearly matching Samsung's 20.01% share.

Samsung faces enemies on all fronts, losing the high-end market to Apple and its status symbol appeal, and ceding the low and mid-range markets to cheaper rivals like Xiaomi. It has scrambled to offset those losses with smartwatches, VR headsets, new phones, and its own Google-free OS and ecosystem, but those are all uncertain, long-term bets.

But as dire as the situation seems, things are looking even worse for HTC (NASDAQOTH:HTCCY) and Sony (NYSE:SNE), which were marginalized by Samsung long before the iPhone 6 arrived. Let's take a look at how these two underdogs have been faring as Samsung struggles to keep the throne.

How HTC lost the smartphone race

Back in 2011, HTC controlled nearly 11% of the smartphone market. Today, it has less than 2%, according to the company's own estimates. In the first nine months of 2014, HTC revenue fell 13% year-over-year. The company returned to profitability in 2014 but only due to aggressive cost cutting measures.

Over the past four years, product delays, marketing missteps, and executive departures -- including head of design Scott Croyle -- have all weighed down the company.

This dilemma parallels the challenges Samsung faces. Apple can sell smartphones at higher margins, because it packs lower-powered hardware into a sleek package which has both cult and status appeal. IHS reports that the 16GB iPhone 6, which sells for $649, only costs $200 to manufacture. The Samsung Galaxy S5, on the other hand, sells for $600 and costs $256 to manufacture.

Since HTC flagship devices are usually cheaper than its Samsung counterparts, the company must match those specs with an even lower price tag. But at the same time, Chinese companies -- which are willing to sell comparable devices at paper thin margins -- are luring away potential customers as well.

Sony is stuck in the same boat

Unlike HTC, Sony never claimed a double digit share of the smartphone market. It controlled only about 2% in 2014, according to Gartner, due to the same challenges that marginalized HTC.

In the second quarter of 2014, revenue at the Sony mobile division rose 1.2% to $2.8 billion, but it posted a staggering operating loss of $1.6 billion, wiping out company-wide profits and causing the company to take a net loss of $1.2 billion. In the following quarter, the mobile business bounced back as sales improved 29% year-over-year to $3.5 billion, and it squeezed out a tiny operating profit of $76 million.

Despite that improvement, the nagging question is whether or not Sony should sell or spin off its mobile division, as it previously did with PCs and TVs, so it can focus on its more profitable businesses. But for now, Sony plans on making the division profitable at the expense of revenue growth.

Hiroki Totoki, the new head of the mobile unit, told investors last November that his priority was to make the Xperia business profitable although sales could decline "by 20% to 30%." This likely means that Sony will try to launch fewer Xperia models at premium prices.

Following Samsung's untested game plan

Sony and HTC have both mimicked some of Samsung's business decisions to diversify away from the crowded Android market.

Like Samsung, both companies are selling more wearable devices. Last year, HTC launched a GoPro alternative, the RE Camera, and is reportedly developing a fitness band. Sony has diversified its wearable offerings with new SmartWear devices like the SmartBand, SmartBand Talk, and SmartWatch 3. None of those devices generate meaningful revenue yet, but the potential is there -- research firm ON World expects global smartwatch shipments to soar from 4 million in 2013 to 330 million by 2018.

HTC, like Samsung, is also looking to Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows Phones to escape the Android market. Both companies sold Windows Phones in the past, and Samsung is reportedly interested in launching new Windows Phones soon. Windows Phone only accounts for about 3% of smartphones worldwide, but with HTC, Samsung, and maybe even Sony pushing the operating system, it could finally gain ground against iOS and Android.

Don't count HTC and Sony out yet

While it might seem like the current smartphone market trends spell doom for Android underdogs like HTC and Sony, neither company will abandon their mobile efforts anytime soon.

Both players could shift toward wearables and Windows Phones, which would diversify their top line away from Android devices. Meanwhile, Google will likely keep licensing its Nexus brand to Android laggards like HTC to keep Samsung market share in check. Nonetheless, HTC and Sony's mobile presence will likely shrink over time, and they should not be considered contrarian bets on the smartphone market quite yet. Tesla Motors, Inc.'s Tech on Wheels Has Apple, Inc. Talent Jumping Ship Maybe it's Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA) CEO Elon Musk's jaw-dropping ambitious goals, his vision to disrupt the entire automobile industry, Tesla's geeky vision of autos, or the company's Apple-like approach to retail stores. Whatever the reason, many of Silicon Valley's best, particularly employees from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), are leaving their high-paying jobs to join Tesla and its mission to bring electric cars to the masses.

Why Tesla likes Apple employees

It's no secret that Tesla has poached a number of high-profile employees from Apple.

In October 2013, Apple's vice president of Mac hardware engineering, Doug Field, a lead figure behind the development of the MacBook Pro, MacBook Air, and the iMac, left Apple for Tesla, where he is responsible for development of new vehicles. Last February, Apple's "hacker princess" Kristin Paget joined Tesla's fast-growing ranks. At Tesla, she's in charge of identifying and purging security bugs from Tesla's tech-savvy vehicles.

But Field and Paget are just a few among many of the employees who have left Apple for Tesla, according to a new report from Bloomberg.

"The company has hired at least 150 former Apple employees, more than from any other company, even carmakers," wrote Bloomberg's Tim Higgins and Dana Hull. "The former Apple staffers work in many areas of the 6,000-employee automaker, including engineering and law."

Musk clearly sees many of the skills required to work in departments at Tesla in Apple employees. "From a design philosophy, [Apple] is relatively closely aligned," Musk told Bloomberg.

Apple doesn't have the same luck hiring Tesla employees. Apple has only hired "very few people" from Tesla, Musk told Bloomberg -- even as the tech giant offers $250,000 signing bonuses and 60% salary increases.

Why Apple employees like Tesla

Apple employees appear to be just as attracted to Tesla as Musk is to Apple employees.

What would computer geeks find interesting about Tesla? Sit in Tesla's Model S and it's instantly clear the car isn't a product of Detroit -- far from it. Front and center in the interior of a Model S, a 17-inch touchscreen sits mounted with a slight tilt toward the driver. The display's user-friendly, Tesla-made software, which evolves over time as Tesla beams out over-the-air updates, screams Silicon Valley. It protests the motor's last plead to remain a car's cornerstone for another century.

"It's like looking at the components from the latest mobile device from an Apple iPad or Samsung Galaxy product," said IHS Automotive's senior director for materials, Andrew Rassweiler, told the L.A. Times last year when the research firm dissected a Model S. "The cost structure of the electronics, the use of large displays in the cabin, the touch-screen-based controls, the mobile microchips -- everything in this design makes the Tesla experience more like a media tablet or high-end smartphone than a traditional automobile."

Tesla is extending the best of computing to an industry long overdue for better tech. The auto industry's digital invasion can't be stopped, and Silicon Valley talent wants in on it.

Perhaps Field's draw to Tesla, shared in a Tesla press release in 2013 announcing the hire, resonates with other Apple employees who are joining the company:

"Until Tesla came along, I had never seriously considered leaving Apple," said Field. "I started my career with the goal of creating incredible cars, but ultimately left the auto industry in search of fast-paced, exciting engineering challenges elsewhere. As the first high-tech auto company in modern history, Tesla is at last an opportunity for me and many others to pursue the dream of building the best cars in the world -- while being part of one of the most innovative companies in Silicon Valley."

Is the same sort of exciting innovation once conjured up by Steve Jobs at Apple now radiating from Elon Musk at Tesla?

If there's any doubt about the unstoppable collision between autos and computers, consider the Palo-Alto based electric-car maker's over-the-air update it is about to send to its Model S fleet: The inverter algorithm update will reduce the 3.2-second zero-to-60 mph timeof its flagship performance dual-motor version by about 0.1 seconds. The Samsung Galaxy S6 Looks Like an Apple Inc. iPhone 6 Clone Pictures of the chassis of the next generation Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S6 have hit the Web, and they look mighty familiar. You can find all of the leaked images here, but I think that the following image proves the point:

First of all, it seems that Samsung has opted for a metal chassis for the Galaxy S6, much to the surprise of almost nobody who has been following the various leaks. What does come as somewhat of a surprise is that this Galaxy S6 chassis essentially looks like an iPhone 6.

The Galaxy S6 is sounding more and more like a souped-up iPhone 6 clone

The Galaxy S6 is rumored to have an area touch fingerprint sensor just like on the iPhone 5s/iPhone 6, and it seems that Samsung is going with an Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6-esque chassis for the device, as well. In other words, the Galaxy S6 is shaping up to be Samsung's take on the iPhone 6.

Now, where Samsung looks as though it's going to try to differentiate is on specifications. Rumors point to a 2560-by-1440 quad-HD panel for the S6 (versus a 1920-by-1080 full-HD screen on the iPhone 6 Plus), an octa-core Exynos chip built on Samsung's 14-nanometer process (versus a dual core processor built on a 20-nanometer process in the iPhone 6), a 20 megapixel rear-facing camera sensor (iPhone 6 has an eight megapixel sensor), and three gigabytes of memory (versus the iPhone's one gigabyte).

Additionally, if the rumors are true, Samsung will also launch its own Apple Pay clone known as Samsung Pay.

Will this help Samsung and/or hurt Apple?

The relevant question here is whether this will help Samsung and/or hurt Apple. At this point, it's very hard to tell. The iPhone 5s, which was, on paper, "inferior" to the Galaxy S5, still managed to do very well against the latter in terms of sales. The iPhone 6 will almost certainly be "inferior" to the Galaxy S6 across the board in terms of specifications; but given the strong performance of the iPhone 5s and the exceptional performance of the iPhone 6 thus far, I'm not convinced that it matters.

It seems to be commonly accepted at this point that people buy Apple products for reasons beyond sheer technical and/or industrial design prowess. For example, many users prefer, are very familiar with, and/or simply have a large app library on iOS, and switching to an Android-powered Galaxy S6 is simply going to be a no-go.

Further, as Samsung tries to make its phones look more like Apple's, the more -- at least in my opinion -- the iPhone seems like the "real deal," while the Samsung phones seem almost like an imitation. If I were in charge of running Samsung's mobile division, I would be focusing on building something that's genuinely great in its own right rather than something that's trying to build a "better" version of something that already exists.

The Galaxy S6 is reportedly scheduled to be unveiled on March 1 at a Samsung "Unpacked" event. It will be worth keeping a close eye on Samsung's mobile group's financials during the next few quarters to see if the new, iPhone 6-esque Galaxy S6 winds up being a commercial success. I know I can't wait to see how it all plays out. Apple Is Still a Startup Sometime in 2000, my colleague Verlyn started bringing his Mac laptop to our New York Times editorial board meetings. The rest of us would hover around the sleek white machine with the cool lighting radiating from it, wondering if Verlyn Klinkenborg could possibly be serious. Some of us had used Apples in college, sure, but everyone does crazy things in college.

Was an Apple really fit for a workplace? Verlyn assured us that it was no toy, and that his Mac could do all the things ours could the mix of surfing, emailing, and pontificating that the gig entailed without crashing as frequently as our PCs. Verlyn claimed that his Apple was not susceptible to those nasty viruses that plagued our land of  WinTel,  and I wanted to believe him. I too bought a Mac, and instantly felt cooler as a result.

Fast forward to 2015, when the novelty would be for someone at a meeting to take out a laptop that isn t an Apple. And, somehow, the cach  remains. Apple has walked the tightrope between ubiquity and coolness, attaining one without sacrificing the other.

The company just announced the most profitable quarter in U.S. corporate history, a three-month period in which it sold almost 75 million iPhones and 5.5 million Macs. Tim Cook, Steve Jobs  down-to-earth successor as CEO, couldn t help himself on the earnings call, describing the quarter as  historic  and his company s performance selling on average 34,000 iPhones an hour, 24/7 as  hard to comprehend.  Apple is now the world s most valuable company, with a stock market valuation of some $700 billion, and nearly $180 billion in cash on hand. The company s online iTunes store counts a staggering 800 million active users.

What s most astonishing, given those numbers, is that Apple is far less ubiquitous than you might think. It has plenty of room to grow. Indeed, it may only be getting started.

If you look at its existing product lines, Apple only dominates the tablet market. The competing Android operating system runs more than two-thirds of the world s smartphones. Apple ranks fifth worldwide in the number of computers sold, and third in the U.S. There is plenty of market share left for Apple to steal from others.

Apple s growth strategy is impressively disciplined. The company doesn t slash prices or create subpar products to meet less affluent consumers in emerging markets halfway. Apple instead holds out its meticulously designed, pricier products as coveted trophies for new middle-class consumers.

Apple is only starting to wade into an array of markets that it will likely revolutionize, and dominate, in short order. Apple Pay, its bid to become your all-encompassing cashless wallet, is off to a strong start. Fledgling Apple ventures like HomeKit, CarPlay, Apple Watch and iBeacon provide clues to Apple s unstated, ultimate goal: providing you with one portal, or operating system, that links your Apple devices, your car, and your home.

Apple is hardly being a trailblazing pioneer in this. There are plenty of  smart watches  and digital wallet surrogates already out there, but Apple has a way of bidding its time, learning from others  mistakes, and introducing a tweaked product that will go mainstream, in part because it fits in so well within the broader Apple ecosystem.

No other company is anywhere near being able to match Apple in providing us with such seamless curation of our lives. The Italian novelist Umberto Eco famously said in the 1990s that Apple was like Catholicism, in that its followers had to adhere to one way of doing things, while Microsoft (you could say Google nowadays) was more akin to Protestantism, which gave followers more latitude to reach their own conclusions and organize themselves accordingly. Apple is unique among Internet giants in getting consumers to pay top dollar for its goods and services, while companies like Facebook and Google rely instead primarily on an advertising model to subsidize their interactions with consumers.

And so Apple s prospects appear brighter than ever. Its own success would seem to be the only threat to a company that has billed itself as the scrappy underdog that promised to help us  think different.  Therein lies the company s existential challenge: Can Apple remain cool if its products become the one indispensable means of controlling your life and communicating with others? Can it remain an aspirational brand once it s within everyone s reach? How distinctive can the world s largest company, no matter what it does, ever be?

I reached out to Verlyn, who now teaches at Yale, to ask whether he s still inhabiting the Apple ecosystem. He is, and his disgust at his pre-2000 Windows experience sounds as raw as it did when he first started proselytizing for the Mac. But he draws a line at the coming Apple Watch:  I ve never worn a watch, and I can t imagine starting now. 

Andr s Martinez is editorial director of Zocalo Public Square , for which he writes the Trade Winds column. 
2015-02-25
Apple Told by Jury to Pay $532.9 Million in Patent Trial Apple Inc. was told to pay $532.9 million after a federal jury said the company s iTunes software used a Texas company s patented inventions without permission.

Closely held Smartflash LLC, which claimed that Apple infringed three patents, was seeking $852 million in damages, while Apple said it was worth $4.5 million at most. A federal jury in Tyler, Texas, where Smartflash is based, on Tuesday rejected Apple s arguments that it didn t use the inventions and that the patents were invalid.

The dispute is over digital rights management and inventions related to data storage and managing access through payment systems. Smartflash claimed that iTunes used the inventions in applications such as Game Circus LLC s Coin Dozer and 4 Pics 1 Movie. Apple pledged to appeal.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

 Smartflash makes no products, has no employees, creates no jobs, has no U.S. presence, and is exploiting our patent system to seek royalties for technology Apple invented,  said Kristin Huguet, an Apple spokeswoman.  We refused to pay off this company for the ideas our employees spent years innovating and unfortunately we have been left with no choice but to take this fight up through the court system. 

Game Circus and another game developer, KingsIsle Entertainment Inc., maker of Wizard 101 and Grub Guardian, had also been defendants before they were dismissed from the case last year.

Sales Percentage

In asking for $852 million, Smartflash argued it was entitled to a percentage of sales of Apple s devices, including the iPhone, iPad and Mac computers, that were used to access iTunes. It claimed that Apple had intentionally infringed the patents, in part because one of its executives had been given a briefing on the technology more than a decade ago.

 Apple doesn t respect Smartflash s inventions,  the company s lawyer, John Ward of Ward & Smith in Longview, Texas, told the jury.  Not a single witness could be bothered with reviewing the patent. 

Cupertino, California-based Apple attacked every aspect of Smartflash s case. It said the patents were invalid and weren t infringed. It said Smartflash didn t have complete control of the patents and waited too long to file suit. It also argued that Smartflash s royalty demands were  excessive and unsupportable. 

 They are not just invalid, they are invalid many times over,  James Batchelder a lawyer at Ropes & Gray in East Palo Alto, California, who is representing Apple, told the jury.

Commercializing Ideas

Smartflash was started in the early 2000s by inventor Patrick Racz in an effort to commercialize his ideas. At one point, Racz was offered less than $200,000 for an interest in one of his patents, according to a court filing.

Racz met with executives of what is now Gemalto SA, including Augustin Farrugia, now a senior director at Apple, according to the complaint. Farrugia, a long-time specialist in digital rights management, is Apple s director of security and designed the national banking system for Singapore in the 1990s.

Smartflash doesn t make any products and its only business is licensing seven patents issued between 2008 and 2012, which Racz co-invented. Its address is a suite in an office building across the street from the courthouse where the trial was held.

 The jury was very attentive, took good notes and worked very hard,  Ward said after the verdict was announced.  We think they got it right. 

Apple had sales of $18 billion for iTunes, software and services last fiscal year, about 10 percent of its revenue.

Paying Royalties

Another Apple lawyer, Eric Albritton of the Albritton Law Firm in Longview, told the jury there was no reason for Apple to pay royalties on the price of a phone when the dispute is over a single feature.

 It doesn t make a lick of sense that one person would buy an iPhone and not make calls,  he told the jury.  People do not buy cell phones for the sole purpose of using apps. 

Apple has had success in getting big damage awards from Texas juries tossed. A $625.5 million verdict in 2011 over a way to display documents was thrown out by the trial judge in a decision later upheld by an appeals court.

Last year, the same appeals court, which specializes in patent law, rejected the way damages were calculated in a $368.2 million decision won by Virnetx Holding Corp. and ordered a review under rules that will mean a lower payout.

The VirnetX decision, along with other appeals court rulings over how damages are calculated in patent cases, will be used by Apple in its arguments to have this damage award reduced, if it s unsuccessful in getting the infringement verdict overturned.

Smartflash also has sued Apple s chief smartphone rival, Samsung Electronics Co. A trial in that case is to be scheduled now that the Apple trial is over. Google Inc., which also was sued by Smartflash, is trying to have its case transferred to a court in California. Amazon.com Inc. was sued in December, also in Texas.

The case is Smartflash LLC v. Apple Inc., 13-447, U.S. District Court for the District of Texas (Tyler). How Will PayPal's Market Share Be Impacted By Google Wallet And Apple Pay? Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) recently acquired Softcard, a venture backed by major carriers in the U.S. to support NFC-based mobile payments. With this acquisition Google s digital payment platform, Google Play, will now be available pre-installed in all the Android devices sold by the major carriers including Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ), T-Mobile US Inc (NYSE: TMUS) and AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T).

Jag Bath, RetailMeNot.com Senior Vice President, was on CNBC recently to talk about the deal and how Google Wallet and Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ: AAPL) Apple Pay will impact the market share of eBay Inc's (NASDAQ: EBAY) soon to be spun-off unit, PayPal.

Related Link: JP Morgan Says Google's Mobile Payment Agreement Is 'Classic Huddle In A Storm' Scenario

How Important Is This Deal For Google?

"So, it's a significant deal for Google, there's no doubt about it," Bath said. "Since Apple launched Apple Pay, they have distribution power with Apple Pay being pre-installed on all new iPhones and being part of the onboarding process for all new iPhones. So, Google needed to make a move in this space and inking this deal with the major carriers gets them to get Google Wallet pre-installed on all those new Android devices.

"So, it's pretty significant for them."

How PayPal s Market Share Will Change As A Result of Google Wallet And Apple Pay?

"Yes, so PayPal are the third major player in the space," Bath replied. "They definitely have traction with retailers; they have pre-installed their own payment methods with retailers in brick-and-mortar stores. So, they are definitely a player in this space where the technology goes and where PayPal are trying to push it is where payment will actually happen automatically at the checkout. So, you don't necessarily have to take out your phone and touch the phone at the checkout."

He continued, 'They are a player in this space as well, Apple and Google are too and then there are other players who we are hearing more and more about. Samsung recently made an acquisition to enter this space as well and then there is a consortium of retailers led by Wal-Mart, who are also playing this space too."

Posted-In: Jag Bath PayPal RetailMeNot SoftcardCNBC Tech Media Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple: Mac Sales Might Benefit From Lenovo's Superfish Scandal I opine that Macs will continue to remain popular not only among creative professionals, but also among ordinary people who value their privacy.

Due to the low-margins on Windows PCs, OEMs like Lenovo resort to extra moneymaking by installing adware on Windows PCs.

Apple makes good margins on its Mac OS X desktop and laptop products. It doesn't need to install paid third-party bloatware on new computers.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) makes good money from its expensive line of desktop and laptop computers. I discussed last year just how in demand Macs are in the design-related industry. The strong sales of Macs might benefit from the outrage over Lenovo's (OTCPK:LNVGY) Superfish scandal.

After initially denying it, Lenovo acknowledged that it pre-installed the Superfish adware on computers it sold from September 2014 to February 2015. Since Windows PC makers operate on thin margins, Lenovo (like other companies) was accepting money from third-party software firms to pre-install software or services on new computers.

Unfortunately, customers of Lenovo computers were made vulnerable to hacking and phishing, because the Superfish adware installs its own self-signed root certificate. The root certificate allows Superfish to intercept and decrypt all HTTPS web traffic on a computer. In this way, Superfish can deliver targeted ads based on the browsing habits of a computer user.

The problem is that Superfish's root certificate is vulnerable to man-in-the-middle interception. Malicious hackers will also be able to spy on a Superfish-infected Lenovo computer. Even America's Department of Homeland Security urged Lenovo computer users to remove Superfish.

Lenovo, the world's top vendor of PCs, issued an apology and a remedy to the Superfish problem. The damage is done; lawsuits were already filed against Lenovo and Superfish. Unlike in China, American authorities are very strict when it comes to violation of personal privacy.

The brand appeal of Lenovo computers in the U.S. may suffer from lingering mistrust. The U.S. still remains the most important market for PCs.

The for-profit deal with Superfish only aggravates the bad reputation of Lenovo among spy agencies of Western countries.

What Is Bad For Lenovo Might Be Good For Apple

Apple's decision to stick to its high-margin pricing policy over its Mac products is smart. The good margin it makes from every Mac sold meant Apple is not as desperate as Lenovo when it comes to making money. Apple's hardware PC business is growing while Windows-based computer sales are declining.

Apple is now the fifth biggest PC vendor in the world. Apple sold 5.75 Macs during the previous quarter. Apple's 18.9% year-over-year growth made it the best performing computer vendor. Apple is now just a step behind No.4 Acer. Once more people realize that Macs do not come pre-installed with useless bloatware and dangerous adware, Apple computers will likely see higher growth.

(click to enlarge)

Source: Apple Insider/IDC

Lenovo is not topping the sales chart in the U.S. Americans still prefer U.S. brands like Hewlett-Packard (NYSE:HPQ), Dell, and Apple. The Superfish scandal is another stumbling block for Lenovo's ambition of unseating HP in America.

(click to enlarge)

Source: Apple Insider/IDC

Why This Issue Matters

Unlike the declining iPad business, Statista's chart below shows Mac sales are on a steady climb since the last eight years. Elementary statistics say there is high probability that this pattern will continue for more years.

(click to enlarge)

Source: Statista

Apple ought to pour more resources in increasing its market share in desktop computers, not join the race-to-the-bottom battle in tablets. Apple is posting lower average selling price from its iPad products. On the other hand, Macs' average selling price is again on the uptrend.

(click to enlarge)

If 500,000 Americans decide to buy a Macbook instead of a Lenovo or Thinkpad laptops because of privacy issues, Apple already benefits a lot. The high ASP of Macs means 500,000 defectors to the Mac brand is already worth hundreds of millions of non-iPhone sales.

Apple will be better off allocating more R&D budget in improving its Mac products than wasting more money on Apple Pay. I previously speculated that Apple Pay's topline contribution is almost negligible.

Macs contributed $6.9 billion in sales last quarter. Apple Pay and Apple Watch will take a long time before they can match the same amount of revenue stream.

Adware-Free Macs Equal Better Productivity

The creative industry is addicted to Apple's computers because not only are they more secure, but they also offer optimized design workflow. Mac's lack of pre-installed third-party software (that runs on the background) helps designers speed up their work. Adobe's products, like Photoshop require lots of RAM to perform better.

Bloatware, adware, and spyware slow down Windows PCs. Antivirus software (which is required due to the millions of hackers and virusmakers who love exploiting Windows) also eats more RAM. Editing/rendering 720p HD videos on Premiere CC using a Windows PC that has less than 4GB of RAM is painfully slow and unproductive.

Conclusion

Apple's computer hardware business will continue to prosper, because no other computer vendor can get away with a high-margin pricing strategy. Sony (NYSE:SNE) tried to compete with its pricey Vaio line, but it sold the business last year because it failed to replicate the success of the Mac.

Rumor has it that Jobs offered Sony the chance to run Mac OS on Vaio computers, but Sony made the mistake of using Windows. Lenovo is one of the low-cost PC vendors that killed Sony's high-priced computer products.

As long as Lenovo and other Windows OEM partners continue to pre-install third-party programs, Macs will remain the top choice for creative professionals and privacy-conscious users. Superfish is not the only adware that proliferates in the Windows ecosystem. Other adware programs get inside new Windows machines either through users' fault or due to an OEM's cooperation with third-party companies.

(click to enlarge)

Source: Lifehacker

The computer hardware business is important to Apple. Many of the music, games, and movies being sold on the iTunes store were likely created/edited by artists using Macintosh computers. Catering or pampering the creative professionals is of utmost importance.

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. How To Get A Piece Of Lyft, Spotify, Dropbox And Other Startups Before Their IPOs Before Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) filed their IPOs, GSV Capital Corp (NASDAQ: GSVC) allowed investors to get a piece of these promising startups.

Michael Moe, co-founder, CEO and Chief Investment Officer of GSV Capital, started the company after a long career involving growth companies and growth investing.

"I was a research analyst for a number of years, identifying and writing research on fast-growing businesses," Moe told Benzinga. "I started an investment bank called ThinkEquity Partners, which was a growth-focused bank that we sold in 2007."

He also wrote a book, "Finding the Next Starbucks: How to Identify and Invest in the Hot Stocks of Tomorrow." That title was the result of Moe's own success.

"I happen to be the first person to write research about Starbucks that wasn't in their underwriter group," said Moe. "After we sold ThinkEquity in 2007, we kind of came up with the idea of GSV and GSV Capital, which is a publicly traded fund that invests in leading VC-backed private companies."

Related Link: Did Apple Just Miss The M&A Deal Of A Lifetime?

Big Opportunities

GSV's current investments include Lyft, Dropbox, Spotify, 2U Inc (NASDAQ: TWOU), Coursera, Twitter, Palantir and a host of others.

"The opportunity we saw when we took GSV Capital public, you had a dramatic shift in the capital markets over the dozen or so years from when the dot-com bubble had burst," said Moe. "[That] resulted in dramatically fewer IPOs and the companies going public were typically much larger and much more mature."

GSV Capital ultimately serves two purposes. Moe said that it provides access for public investors to "invest in rapidly growing companies with large potential."

"For the companies themselves, because the time from VC investment to monetization has quadrupled over the past dozen years -- from three years to 14 years -- we provide liquidity of growth capital," Moe added.

Need A Lyft?

Moe is very impressed with the way Lyft and Uber are transforming the transportation business.

"We invested in Lyft a year ago or so," he said. "The company's growing extremely fast. It's a business that truly has gigantic network effects. And it's disrupting an industry that's a trillion dollars-plus."

Moe said that while Lyft is growing at an "incredible rate," it faces one big issue: Uber.

"They've got an extraordinarily tough competitor in Uber, who is very well financed and has really smart people," Moe added. "It does cause a ferocious battle between the two."

In Moe's words, Uber is "absolutely killing it."

"They're doing tremendously well from a business standpoint," Moe continued. "The real question is, is there room for two? Right now, the evidence would say yes. While Lyft is smaller [than Uber], it's growing like crazy and it's a gigantic market and people like choices. It's very exciting."

Moe is fascinated with the metrics of the space.

"It's one of these business [where] when you look at the metrics, it becomes fascinating," he said. "Every little metric on their business, and because it's smartphone-enabled and you have so much data, every single metric -- you tweak it one way or another -- and it has a significant impact."

Apple Vs. Spotify

Moe doesn't think that Spotify has much to worry about in competing against Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and others that offer on-demand music services.

"Great companies kind of blaze their own trail," he said. "Apple was the first innovation, the first kind of revolution [and] clearly was the leader in music. Basically, it came up with a legitimate model that was transformational for the music industry."

It was Apple's game to lose, but Moe said the company didn't do anything innovative after the initial debut.

"They just kept playing the same tune over and over," said Moe. "That gave an opening to some newer models."

Moe praised Pandora Media Inc (NYSE: P) as an innovator over "the old Apple model."

"It was probably a smart thing for Apple to do to get back in the front edge of the game," Moe added. "Spotify is really impressive in terms of how it's developed and is evolving its market and competing. If it didn't have real players that were interested, you [would] question the market opportunity. Google and others are trying to find a way to be relevant."

The Last Tweet Is Coming

GSV Capital does not hold onto publicly traded firms forever. Now that shares of Twitter can be purchased by anyone, GSV can focus on the next big startup.

"The reason why we continue to hold it is, we have a fiduciary responsibility to optimize the return for our shareholders," said Moe. "We sold a little bit of Twitter when it was above $50 before. We have a game plan with Twitter stock. If we're right about what we think the fundamentals are and how the stock will respond to the fundamentals that we think, we're gonna have a higher stock price from here. Our time horizon is over the next three to six months. We hope to realize that."

One way or another, Moe said that GSV will be "liquidated of the Twitter position and redirect that into the next Twitter."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Image credit: Alexander Torrenegra

Posted-In: 2U Coursera DropboxLong Ideas Exclusives Tech Trading Ideas Interview Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-09-28
Did Netflix, Inc. Score a Discounted Deal With Apple, Inc.? At long last, Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) is finally offering users the ability to sign up for its popular service directly within its iOS app in the form of an in-app purchase. This comes five years after Netflix first launched its mobile app for Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) platform. Historically, new users would have to sign up via Netflix's regular desktop site, and then they could use the streaming app to access the service.

The reason for this long-standing aversion if obvious: Apple's typical 30% cut of in-app purchases (including subscriptions) is a lot to ask, and adds up very quickly over the long run. Netflix's most popular plan is its $9-per-month standard tier, and considering how heavily Netflix is investing in original content, $2.70 per month per subscriber acquired through iOS is probably too much to ask.

Why now? There are two possible explanations that could explain Netflix's recent change of heart. In all likelihood, the real reason could be a combination of both.

Mobile is necessary for international growth

The first is that Netflix is very likely approaching a point of subscriber saturation in the U.S. To be clear, the company is still adding domestic subscribers, but at a slower pace. Netflix had just over 41 million paid memberships in the U.S. at the end of June. There are still opportunities stateside, but Netflix has already picked most of the low-hanging fruit, and now it needs to be more aggressive with courting new users via different channels.

On the international front, Netflix is quite aware that in many emerging markets, mobile is the primary way that users access the Internet. That means that in order to win over those users, it needs to allow them to subscribe directly within a mobile app.

In other words, paying a fee to the platform operator is critical to expand into international markets, while the incremental cost in the mature domestic market should be modest.

Maybe it got cheaper too

The second reason that I'm suggesting is a little bit more speculative, but hear me out.

Remember when Netflix archrival HBO launched its new over-the-top HBO Now streaming service on Apple TV earlier this year with a three-month exclusivity window? At the time, Re/code reported that Apple was reducing its cut to 15% of subscriptions that were sold directly through Apple TV. That lower rater was reportedly available to many of the most popular video services, including both Time Warner's HBO Now and Netflix. Intuitively, it does seem silly to double the rate based entirely on which platform a subscriber signs up on for the same underlying service.

Then over the summer, a couple other interesting reports surfaced. The Financial Times reported in June that Apple was seriously thinking about restructuring the long-standing 30/70 split, particularly in the context of media subscriptions. The difference would be negligible for Apple, but huge for the content partners that keep Apple's platforms vibrant. A month later, Reuters said that antitrust regulators were unofficially scrutinizing the 30% cut as it relates to rival music streaming services.

Perhaps we haven't heard any widespread changes because Apple is negotiating deals on a case-by-case basis with the bigger players. While the FT report suggested that any changes would not apply to the App Store, the Reuters report said that regulators were very specifically looking at the App Store. It's not a stretch to think that the prominent companies potentially have more leverage to ink one-off deals.

All of this suggests that Apple has very compelling reasons to make deals with content services. It makes iOS that much more attractive as a platform partner while potentially relieving pressure on the regulatory front. The timing is just too perfect also. After years of abstaining, Netflix suddenly introduces in-app subscriptions just a couple of months after all of these reports of Apple reducing its fee? Come on. 
2015-02-06
Apple CEO who fired Steve Jobs: 'I wish I had hired him back' After an epic power struggle, former Apple CEO John Sculley pushed Steve Jobs out of the company he founded. Sculley wishes now he would have hired him back.

"I wish in hindsight I had reached back to Steve and told him, 'I want to help you come back to Apple,'" Sculley told CNNMoney. "I wish Apple had hired him back sooner rather than later."

John Sculley.

Sculley himself was forced out of Apple (AAPL, Tech30) in 1993 over a dispute about licensing Macintosh's software to other PC makers. The board was in favor of letting other computer makers use Apple's software, but Sculley was opposed.

After Sculley's ouster, Apple did end up licensing its software, which turned out to be a major mistake. By the time Apple hired Steve Jobs back in 1997, the company was posting giant losses.

Had Sculley mended his differences with Jobs sooner and brought him back to Apple during his tenure, he says the company wouldn't have been in such dire straits in the late 1990's.

"When Steve came back, the first thing he did was to cancel the licensing," Sculley said. "At that point, only Steve Jobs could have revived the business. There's no way I could have ever done the things Steve Jobs did."

Sculley reserved his biggest compliments for current Apple CEO Tim Cook, who Sculley says is "exactly the right guy" for the job.

"I say that without any reservation," said Sculley. "Tim is doing a brilliant job."

Related: The Apple Watch will flop. Here's why

Sculley said comparing Cook to former Microsoft (MSFT, Tech30) CEO Steve Ballmer was unfair. Though both were former operations guys who replaced tech geniuses at the helm of their respective companies, Cook has been able to defer to Apple's deep bench of designers and engineers, while Ballmer a was notoriously stubborn leader.

"People have to get over the Steve Ballmer analogies; he ain't Steve Ballmer," Sculley said. "Tim is open minded with no ego, and he has recruited high-quality talent to fill the void that Jobs left."

He said the remarkable turnaround that Apple has made over the past decade hasn't left him feeling bitter. He says he only has "good feelings" for Apple, and he feels a sense of accomplishment that the company's marketing strategy that he helped pioneer hasn't changed much over the past 30 years.

Yet if Sculley were Apple CEO today, as opposed to three decades ago, one of his most famous accomplishments might never have happened.

Sculley, the marketing genius behind "The Pepsi Challenge," was Apple CEO during the company's famous 1984 Super Bowl commercial. That one-minute commercial cost just $650,000 according to Fred Goldberg, the advertising executive who managed Apple's account. This year, Super Bowl commercials approached $5 million for a 30-second spot.

Would Sculley air the same Super Bowl commercial today if he were running Apple?

"No. The answer is no," Sculley said. "We're in a different era today. We know much more about our customers. So where do you find guys like me (if we're still alive)? We're using the marketing cloud tools available to us to build customer relationships."

Sculley is now a tech and marketing entrepreneur, investing in Internet companies, including analytics firm Zeta Interactive, shaving company 800Razors.com, and healthcare tech company MDLive.

In his new book, Moonshot!, Sculley discusses strategies for startup founders to grow their companies into billion-dollar businesses.

His biggest advice to young entrepreneurs: Create a product that customers love. Customers are in control now -- they're paying attention to other customers' experiences more than companies' advertisements.

"Business plans are almost obsolete these days," Sculley said. "There's nothing more powerful than customers that are happy." All Apple Inc. Products Banned By ISIS Due To Fear Of Spyware While Apple products are popular all across the globe, including in the Middle East, they are apparently not welcome in ISIS s self-styled caliphate in Iraq and Syria.

The International Business Times is reporting that ISIS has banned all Apple products from its caliphate, saying that iPhones and iPads can be used by U.S. intelligence to target its forces.

More on ISIS ban on Apple products

The militant group put out a directive banning the use of all Apple products late last year from its  general supervisory committee . The statement was disseminated through social media and ISIS s online media operations.

The December directive also banned the use of all GPS-enabled devices within the caliphate. The statement noted worries about the coalition conducting airstrikes on ISIS in Iraq and Syria pinpointing targets by monitoring smartphones and other devices.

A spokesman for anti-militant organization  Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently  confirmed that ISIS has banned the use of iPhones there. He noted that those with iPhones were forced to get rid of them.

 They said the USA can see what you are doing,  spokesman Abu Ibrahim al-Raqqawi wrote in an exchange on Skype with IBT.

Excerpt from ISIS statement

 [I]n order to shut one of the doors of penetration the enemy uses to attain its goals and strike with exactness by means of its war and remote-guided aircraft, it has been decided to forbid the use of any electronic device or a system that has access to service to enable precise location of positions (GPS),  the ISIS statement noted.

The statement called for a ban on  products of the Apple network   on account of the risks they create. 

Also of note, the group has used technicians to block GPS service in ISIS-controlled territory, and every member has been ordered to be sure to turn off GPS on their phones and other devices. Intelligence analysts confirm that cell phones (of all kinds) can be used to track users movements. 
2015-05-03
5 Big Winners Inside of the Apple Inc. Watch Thanks to a teardown report from ABI Research, we now know many of the "winners" inside of the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch. The Apple Watch is very likely the first wearable device that will sell in quantities meaningful enough such that a teardown report is useful to investors.

Without further ado, let's take a look at five companies that managed to score spots inside of the Apple Watch.

No. 1: Broadcom (NASDAQ:BRCM)

Inside of the Apple Watch is a Wi-Fi/Bluetooth/NFC/FM Radio combo chip from wireless-chip giant Broadcom. The chip, according to the ABI Research teardown, is the BCM43342. Broadcom says that this integrates the Wi-Fi baseband, MAC, and the radio onto a single silicon die.

Broadcom says that it can achieve "over 200 Megabits per second of actual wireless throughput." For some context, iFixit (citing Chipworks) reports that the iPhone 5s features the Broadcom BCM4334 chip, which Broadcom says delivers "up to 150 [Megabits per second]" of throughput.

The Wi-Fi inside of the Apple Watch seems to be faster than the Wi-Fi found inside of the iPhone 5s!

No. 2: Analog Devices (NASDAQ:ADI)

Another winner inside of the Apple Watch is Analog Devices. The analog-chip company is said to supply the touch controller into the Apple Watch. This is interesting, particularly as Apple has been using Broadcom touch controllers inside of its iPhones and iPads for a while now.

Interestingly enough, a report from Barclays published last month (via Barron's) suggested that Analog Devices would be providing the analog-to-digital converter required for Apple's Force Touch in the next iPhone.

No. 3: ST Microelectronics (NYSE:STM)

With the iPhone 5s, ST Microelectronics reportedly lost the accelerometer spot to Bosch, but retained the gyroscope spot. In the iPhone 6, ST Micro lost the gyroscope spot to InvenSense.

The good news for ST Micro is that it won the combined accelerometer and gyroscope spot inside of the Apple Watch. Although I don't expect the revenue that ST Micro will get from this win is enough to make up for its losses inside of the iPhone, the win shows that ST Micro's technology is solid, and that it's still "in the game."

No. 4: Integrated Device Technology (NASDAQ:IDTI)

Integrated Device Technology reportedly supplies a wireless charging chip into the Apple Watch. The competition here is fierce as it faces major companies such as Broadcom and Texas Instruments for wireless charging spots.

Although the Apple Watch win itself is nice, I think it may pave the way to wins inside of future iPhone/iPad products. I'm almost certain that wireless charging is something that Apple plans to build into future iPhones/iPads, so IDT may have an edge -- if it executes well as an Apple Watch supplier -- when it comes time for Apple to pick the wireless charging chip supplier for those future iPhones and iPads.

No. 5: NXP Semiconductor (NASDAQ:NXPI)

Finally, NXP Semiconductor seems to have won the NFC controller spot inside of the Apple Watch. NXP had already won the NFC controller and secure element spots inside of the iPhone 6/6 Plus, so this doesn't come as too much of a surprise.

A solid, but not unexpected, win for NXP. 
2015-11-29
Why Apple, Inc. Doesn't Care About Black Friday Black Friday is one of the busiest shopping days of the year, but Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) isn't really all that interested in joining the festivities. Well, at least not directly.

In prior years, Apple has offered some rare discounts on a wide range of products. These discounts were modest compared with what shoppers could find through third-party retailers, but at least the company made something of an effort to participate. This year, Apple offered no discounts of any kind.

Here's why Apple couldn't care less about Black Friday.

The best defense is rarely giving discounts

Apple has unrivaled pricing power in the realm of consumer electronics, thanks to its focus on quality and differentiation through vertical integration. Apple exercises this pricing power by charging premiums over competing devices, and its hesitance to offer discounts on its flagship products is a way to defend that power.

This strategy reinforces the consumer perception that Apple products truly are worth more, which in turn also helps products retain higher value in the secondary market (which is also a reason why the market for used Apple products is so active).

All of this being said, Apple does offer ongoing educational discounts and sells refurbished products at lower price points, but when it comes to new products, the company rarely gives discounts.

Authorized resellers are an important piece of the distribution puzzle

Another aspect of Apple's pricing strategy is price maintenance. This is a practice where a manufacturer sets a minimum price that third-party resellers are permitted to sell products. Make no mistake: Wireless carriers and big-box retail stores still generate a meaningful portion of sales volume for Apple.

You're much more likely to find a discounted deal on a new Apple product through a third-party authorized reseller than you are directly from Apple, but even then the discounts are usually within a fairly tight range. Apple's wholesale discounts for resellers are supposedly very minimal. For example, ZDNet reported way back in 2011 (shortly after the first iPad launched) that retailers only receive a 3% discount.

While many retailers offer various price matching policies, Apple's is somewhat limited. The company will price match up to 10% off the price offered by an authorized reseller. So if a reseller is offering $100 off a $400 item for Black Friday, you might as well go ahead and buy it through the reseller, since Apple will only give you $40 off. This allows Apple to save some face while not really needing to compete with its own resellers.

Besides, all Apple really cares about is that you buy an iDevice, get hooked into its ecosystem (which will likely result in you buying more iDevices), and board the recurring upgrade train.

Let's not and say we did

If Apple is going to run a promotion, it will often offer promotional prices to these resellers instead of through its own direct sales channels, and these resellers will then turn around and offer the promotion to consumers. In this way, it can still use promotional pricing to stimulate demand or indirectly participate in seasonal shopping events like Black Friday, but it still gets to stand by its stringent first-hand pricing for aforementioned defensive purposes.

While Apple's reseller pricing is not publicly available and it would likely punish any reseller violating confidentiality agreements with death, I strongly suspect that it offers meaningful Black Friday discounts to resellers to facilitate their promotions and participate in the shopping extravaganza. 
2015-05-29
Apple tops Consumer Reports satisfaction survey for computer technical support Apple once again ranked highest this year on an annual Consumer Reports satisfaction survey for computer support services, the magazine has revealed in its July issue.







Apart from Apple scoring good reviews for its phone and online support options, four out of five Mac owners who used AppleCare said the service was able to solve their problem. Apple has maintained the highest score for overall satisfaction since Consumer Reports began surveying people on computer technical support in 2007.In comparison, the help desk services for four of out of six Windows PC brands were only able to solve half of the issues they were presented with. The other two companies, Dell and Lenovo, scored a modestly better 61 percent rate.Apple was also a leader in terms of retail support, though the company was rated "pretty much even" with independent stores, the publication said. Ranking behind those groups were Best Buy's Geek Squad and Staples' EasyTech. Outfits like Geek Squad and EasyTech charge people for any level of service though, whereas Apple will diagnose any of its products for free, even if out-of-warranty repairs can sometimes be expensive.The survey was conducted by the Consumer Reports National Research Center earlier this year, and polled over 3,200 computer owners.One area where PC services did surpass Apple was in the length of phone and online coverage. Apple offers just 90 days of remote support with its default one-year warranty, whereas most PC makers provide a full year. Both remote support and warranty coverage can be extended to three years via an AppleCare Protection Plan, but that costs $249. 
2015-08-08
IBM Is Turning Into Apple, Inc.'s Greatest Enterprise Ally Once upon a time, IBM (NYSE:IBM) and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) competed intensely in the consumer PC market. The rivalry was probably best captured in the famous photo of Steve Jobs making a rather unsavory gesture toward Big Blue. But that was decades ago, and after IBM officially exited the consumer PC market over 10 years ago to focus on enterprise software and analytics, Apple no longer had a reason to despise the company.

Quite the contrary, a year ago the two companies forged an important partnership, whereby IBM would create custom mobile apps tailored to specific enterprise verticals, while also selling iPhones and iPads to its broad base of enterprise customers. The partnership leverages both companies' strengths, and both should start seeing benefits soon.

It turns out that the pair are now taking their relationship to the next level, and IBM is perhaps turning into Apple's greatest ally in the enterprise market.

IBM wants you to use a Mac at Work

Earlier this week, IBM announced a handful of new Mac at Work services, where it would help enterprise customers securely integrate Macs into their systems, applications, and IT infrastructure. Big Blue mentions that it's already been helping clients adopt Macs in the enterprise, but up until now it's been more of a custom offering. Now it will be a standard offering, since enterprise interest in Macs continues to rise.

In fact, IBM began offering its own employees a choice between using a Mac or Microsoft Windows PC just a few months ago, whenever those employees were eligible to upgrade their workstations, as part of a new Mac@IBM. Ironically, IBM is encouraging employees to switch to Macs from Thinkpads, the PC brand that it sold to Lenovo in 2004.

At the time, IBM was already supporting approximately 15,000 Macs through its BYOD program, and it's expected to purchase about 50,000 additional Macs by year's end. That's a notable chunk of IBM's total employee count of around 380,000 as of the end of 2014.

IBM's chief information officer, Jeff Smith, met with Apple to express his interest in deploying more Macs at IBM but said the company would need some collaboration on Apple's part. The executive wants to bring the overall cost of deploying Macs down to equal or less than the cost of deploying PCs. Always the secretive one, Apple initially didn't want to play ball, since it could require giving IBM greater access to internal resources. Smith then asked what Apple's largest enterprise deployment was, and the answer was around 25,000. Smith then told Apple that IBM might purchase between 150,000 and 200,000 Macs and estimates that eventually 50% to 75% of employees would probably pick Macs, which immediately got the Mac maker's attention.

Tim Cook flew down the following week.

Everyone is doing it

As Big Blue builds experience with its own large-scale Mac deployment in the coming years, it will turn around and leverage that experience to help its own enterprise customers do likewise, since there is growing interest in Macs at the workplace.

Macs have been on a slow but steady rise in the enterprise because of BYOD programs (even Fool HQ recently started offering Macs as part of a pick-your-own-device, or PYOD, program), so companies are starting to embrace the idea. As the Mac continues to gain consumer market share, those gains are inevitably starting to bleed into the enterprise as IT policies evolve.

This isn't just start-ups, either. For example, there are more MacBooks in use at Facebook than Windows PCs -- so much so that Facebook even writes its own custom OS X enterprise security software and then even open sources that software.

Keep your friends close, and IBM even closer

The Mac is doing quite literally better than ever. Even though Windows still towers over OS X on a global scale, Apple has made steady progress, gaining market share every year for the past decade. Apple shipped a record 5.5 million Macs in each of the third and fourth quarters last year.

Apple used to historically shy away from the enterprise market, in part because the purchaser (IT executives) was usually not the same as the user (employee), but the company seems much more interested in pursuing the immense opportunity there now. While it may take longer since enterprise upgrade cycles tend to be longer, Apple now has a very influential friend whispering into the ears of thousands of enterprise customers and decision makers, telling them why a Mac might be the way to go. 
2015-10-10
1 Critical Way Alphabet Inc's Self-Driving Cars Will Mirror Apple Inc.'s ... After decades of general stasis, the global auto industry finally appears poised to undergo at least one major paradigm shift in the coming decade, thanks in no small part to the looming competitive threats of tech-oriented entrants like Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), and Tesla.

And even though potentially game-changing products like Apple's Project Titan and Alphabet's autonomous autos remain years away from the rubber actually meeting the road (pun intended), investors and the media are slowly gaining a clearer sense of each company's individual strategies. Although Apple's and Alphabet's attempts to rock the automotive industry's proverbial boat differ in some regards, we recently learned these twin efforts likely share one key characteristic their respective investors will love: outsourcing fabrication.

Alphabet is breaking ground in smart cars

The company now called Alphabet, which most people are probably still calling Google, recently held a preview of its self-driving cars for select members of the media, and the insights gleaned provide a number of important data points for its investors. Interestingly, the company included its internally developed smart-car prototypes as part of the media day, versus the souped-up Lexuses it previously used to test its autonomous driving technology. Although Alphabet's cars remain prototypes, the company appears intent on including what it believes to be several marked improvements to traditional car designs.

More than a year ago, the company was showing off how it had revamped the materials and structure of the front of its prototypes, favoring a compressible foam front bumper and a large, highly flexible windshield. It claims this new design will better protect people in the event of an accident, while also better shielding other "road users" like pedestrians and bicyclists. Self-driving car director Chris Urmson has also indicated that the company plans to limit its cars' speeds to only 25 mph to create an additional layer of safety for those inside and outside the vehicle.

Considering Alphabet's clear ambition to overhaul the entire automobile experience, it should come as no surprise that the company again broke with convention in creating its cars' interiors. In fact, those expecting little about the in-car experience to change might not recognize Alphabet's self-driving cars for proper automobiles.

The company gutted the inside, removing the steering column, accelerator, gas pedal, and rear and side mirrors -- just to name a few of the major changes. This lack of in-car clutter and driving responsibility opens the door for drivers and passengers alike to engage in far more worthwhile activities like browsing the Internet using Google's Chrome browser, or checking their Gmail accounts, or watching videos on YouTube. Alphabet isn't doing this for free, after all.

In terms of safety in the absence of a trained driver, Urmson indicated that the company designed back-up engine and braking systems into its cars. So if something goes awry without passengers being able to take control, the cars themselves will be able to continue driving as if nothing happened.

Overall, it's a compelling vision, although one that remains years away from actually operating on the road. However, of equal importance to the features in its prototypes, Alphabet also shared a key piece of information about its business model that closely mirrors Apple's approach to car making with Apple's Project Titan.

Manufacturing higher margins

According to recent reporting from Re/Code, Alphabet has confirmed that it doesn't plan to produce its autonomous driving cars on its own. This parallels Apple's all-but-assured strategy, similar to its product lineup, of outsourcing its devices fabrication in order to maintain its margin profile. I've used this chart in past articles on the topic because the automobile business is a notoriously low-margin space for even the largest companies.

Company Name LTM Net Income Margin Daimler AG 5.7% Volkswagen AG 5.2% Peugeot S.A. (0%) Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. 0.9% Renault 5.8% SAIC Motor Corporation Limited 4.5% Nissan Motor Co. 4.2% General Motors Company 3.6% Honda Motor Co. 3.9% Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft (DB:BMW) 6.7% Average 4.1%

For context, Apple and Google generated 21.5% and 21%, respectively, in net income margins last quarter. While moving into the automotive market offers a truly massive revenue opportunity for the likes of Apple and Alphabet, it benefits their shareholders far less if that fresh revenue meaningfully deteriorates either company's profit margins.

As more focus has shifted to understanding and analyzing Apple's Project Titan, some of the sharpest minds in the business have argued that Apple could, and likely will, be able to create a more profitable automotive business model in very much the same way it has done in its consumer electronics business. Apple designs and procures the supply-chain materials used in producing its iDevices, but outsources the low-margin assembly portion of the business to a number of third-party fabrication partners like Foxconn, or Samsung and Taiwan Semiconductor for its A-series chips. The auto industry doesn't have any large-scale assembly companies in the same vein as the above names, but Apple and Alphabet have ample capital on their balance sheets to finance new plants if they can find a partner with the requisite technical knowledge.

The key implication in all this is that Apple and Alphabet both appear to be working to break with auto industry conventions in order to capture a greater share of the profits and value from their respective automotive projects. While both companies' projects remain years in the making, Alphabet's acknowledgement that, like Apple, it does not plan to make its own cars, should be music to its shareholders' ears. 
2015-01-23
Apple And Instagram Are Stomping Out Marijuana...But Should They? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB)'s Instagram are making life difficult for entrepreneurs with marijuana-related businesses.

BuzzFeed recently detailed how Instagram deleted "dozens of cannabis-related accounts" over the past few months.

Meanwhile, Apple has been cracking down on apps that portray recreational use of the drug. These actions have frustrated men and women who use Instagram and the App Store to promote their marijuana-related products.

"Facebook is doing it because they don't know where the moral and legislative compass is," Kaiser Wahab, an attorney and partner at Wahab & Medenica LLC, told Benzinga.

"They don't know if they're going to get into trouble. For example, if there's a bunch of kids smoking up, or a bunch of adults smoking up -- or a bunch of kids and adults smoking up -- and taking photos and something bad happens, Apple and Instagram are necessarily going to be part of the evidentiary chain."

Tech industry expert and analyst Jeff Kagan, meanwhile, thinks that Apple, Facebook and other tech giants and social media sites are "too big and too powerful to take a hands-off approach."

"It is their responsibility," Kagan told Benzinga.

"These are companies that provide these technologies that allow this kind of thing to happen. Whether they like it or not they play a role," he said.

"Whether it's a legal responsibility or whether it's a moral responsibility or just a PR responsibility, they're part of the mix and they have to be careful about their image. In certain markets it's not legal. And in certain markets it is."

Related Link: Which Is Worth Less: Marijuana Stocks, Bitcoin Or A Pile Of Dirt?

Problem Avoidance

Wahab gave a hypothetical scenario that explains why Apple, Instagram and other companies might ban those who promote marijuana use.

"There's a scenario: someone is smoking a lot of marijuana," said Wahab.

"They take photos of it. It turns out he's a dealer. Police are now regularly trolling and harvesting social accounts for all sorts of evidence: whereabouts, intent. [Suppose] the perpetrator said on Twitter that he wanted to hurt his girlfriend."

Police are also looking at the actual action. In Wahab's hypothetical example, the perpetrator had 15 bushels of pot in his apartment.

"He took a big picture with his cell phone and said, 'Hey, reach me here if you wanna get some,'" Wahab added. "Apple doesn't want to be in the middle of this and neither does Instagram. And they don't want to be in the middle of the [legal] debate either."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Image credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Apple Facebook Instagram Jeff Kagan Kaiser Wahab Wahab & Medenica LLCTech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc. (AAPL) CEO's Pay More Than Doubled In 2014 Apple CEO Tim Cook s total remuneration more than doubled to $9.2 million in 2014, according to a report filed by the company. Cook s remuneration included a $1.75 million salary and $6.7 million in non-equity incentives and other contributions. In 2013, Cook received a salary of $4.3 million, which included a base pay of $1.4 million.

Raise based on peer review

Cook assumed the role of chief executive in August 2011, and the recent hike in his salary was the first since November 2011. When Cook took over as the CEO of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), he received a $378 million payout package and a $372.6 million one-time stock award. Presently 3.36 million shares of the 2011 award are not vested and are worth $338.52 million.

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) noted in its annual report that the base salary of other executives also increased by over 14% to $1 million. The raise for executives has been given after reviewing  peer company  market data provided by an independent compensation consultant, stated Apple in the report. Also the bonuses for the executive team have been raised to a maximum of 400% of their salary Apple informed investors.

 This change was intended to recognise the responsibilities assigned to each officer and to maintain internal equity among the executive team,  Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) said in the report.

Pay packages of other top executives at Apple

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was quite generous to SVP of Retail Angela Ahrendts, who joined in October 2013. Ahrendts was given $73.35 million, including a $70 million stock award. The salary for the retail chief in 2014 amounted to under $412,000. The executive was also paid around $458,000 for relocation expenses and over $324,000 in associated tax gross-up for the taxable relocation amounts.

Apple CFO Luca Maestri, who succeeded Peter Oppenheimer last May, earned $14 million last year, and the majority of that amount came from a stock award of $11.34 million. Apple s head of software and services, Eddy Cue, received $24.45 million in 2014, the majority of which was contributed by a stock award amounting to $20 million. Jeff Williams, SVP of operations, earned $24.4 million in 2014.

Also Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stated in its report that the chief executive of fashion retailer J Crew and former Gap boss Mickey Drexler will be stepping down from the company s board after 15 years, and as of now, no replacement has been named yet. Why This Hedge Fund Manager Is Pair Trading Apple & Microsoft Hedge fund manager Josh Van Dress said he prefers to pair trade Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) against a short in Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT). The CIO at Able Capital Management was recently on Benzinga s #PreMarket Prep to discuss his market-neutral pair trading strategy.

Generally, Van Dress uses a combination of fundamental and technical algorithms to choose an investment strategy. Then, he will layer into a position   first adding the core investment position that will become a 60-90 day hold. Secondly, Able Capital Management puts on three or four differentiating pairs to ensure market neutrality. That second layer is full of short-term positions that he bases on 20-day patterns.

In relation to Apple, Van Dress looks to pair it primarily with Microsoft. The manager pointed to Microsoft s relative stability and the absence of new catalysts that could propel the stock significantly higher. In addition, the company has a large float, meaning that the stock is easy to find and short.

Van Dress also mentioned that he may also use the iShares Russell 2000 Index (NYSE: IWM) to offset a long Apple position.

Check out the full interview below:

Don t forget to tune in to Benzinga s #PreMarket Prep broadcast Monday-Friday 8-9:45 a.m. ET for a live, interactive morning show with veteran traders and featured finance industry experts ready to answer your questions for the trading day.

Posted-In: Able Capital Management Josh Van DressLong Ideas Short Ideas Hedge Funds Trading Ideas Interview General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-08-14
Apple More Than Doubles Hiring of Women and Minorities Apple says it more than doubled the numbers of women, blacks and Hispanics hired in the last year, although that barely moved the needle in terms of improving the diversity of its total workforce.

Like other major tech companies, Apple has been under public pressure to increase the number of women and minorities in a workforce that is overwhelmingly male and white or Asian. Civil rights leader Jesse Jackson has been joined by members of Congress and other critics calling for Silicon Valley firms to make their employees more representative of the population as a whole.

Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a statement Thursday that he's proud of his company's efforts, but acknowledged, "We know there is a lot more work to be done."

The maker of iPhones, iPads and Mac computers issued a report Thursday that follows similar reports from Google, Facebook, Intel and other large tech companies. Most of those companies only began disclosing their hiring numbers after Jackson began pressing them to do so last year. One exception is Intel, which has been releasing diversity statistics for more than a decade.

Apple Inc. said 35 percent of its new hires worldwide last year were women, while 24 percent of U.S. hires were black or Hispanic.

As a result, Apple's global workforce of 110,000 is now 31 percent women, up from 30 percent last year. Its U.S. workforce is 19 percent black or Hispanic, up from 18 percent. That includes employees in non-technical jobs, such as retail positions in Apple stores. By comparison, about 26 percent of U.S. workers across all industries are black or Hispanic.

Critics are especially concerned about low diversity rates among technical workers, such as computer software developers or hardware engineers, which are usually the highest-paid jobs at most Silicon Valley companies, outside top management. The number of black and Hispanic workers in Apple's U.S.-based technical jobs increased from 13 percent last year to 15 percent this year.

The number of white and Asian technical workers at Apple also increased from 77 percent last year to 78 percent this year. The increases appeared to be matched by slight declines in the number of employees who identify as multi-racial or didn't declare their ethnicity.

In another key category, Apple said the number of whites in U.S.-based leadership positions dropped to 63 percent from 64 percent, but the numbers of Asians, Hispanics and blacks stayed the same at 21 percent, 6 percent and 3 percent, respectively.

Cook said in a statement that he's committed to hiring more women and minorities. He said Apple is also contributing funds to historically black colleges and programs that provide technology and skills-training to students in disadvantaged communities.

"Diversity is critical to innovation and it is essential to Apple's future," Cook said. "We aspire to do more than just make our company as diverse as the talent available to hire."

In response, Jackson praised Apple for making "solid, measurable progress." In a statement, he also applauded the company for releasing a copy of the detailed workforce statistics that major employers must report each year to the federal government. Apple and other tech companies have previously refused to make those reports public.

But Jackson said he wants Apple and other tech companies to go beyond the federal report and provide more "comprehensive" data on hiring as well as purchasing and contracting with companies owned by women and minorities. He said that would provide "a much clearer picture of what companies are actually doing."

While Silicon Valley companies have been reluctant to disclose such information, they are publicly embracing the notion of improving diversity. Intel issued its own report this week, showing that more than 43 percent of its U.S. hires this year were women or minorities, slightly better than the 40 percent goal the company had set for itself.

Jackson also cited Hewlett-Packard for taking steps that address concerns about corporate boards in Silicon Valley, which tend to have few women and minority members. HP, which is splitting into two companies, announced that the board of each spinoff will include two black directors and four women.

--Associated Press How Much Could China's Currency Impact Apple Inc.'s Earnings? The sharp devaluation of China's currency is one of the market's biggest stories this week.

The abrupt move affected nearly every major asset close around the globe, triggering a flurry of speculation of what the PBOC's move will mean for American companies of all shapes and sizes. Tech giant Apple garnered plenty of attention in this discussion, which is certainly understandable given its increased reliance on China to fuel its future growth.

To be clear, though, the devaluation of the Chinese yuan will likely adversely impact Apple in one of two ways. But as you'll see below, the impact will likely inflict far less damage than recent headlines would have you think.

A two-sided coin

Understanding currency relationships requires you to think in terms of the relative relationships between two countries. Keeping things surface-level for the purposes of this discussion, a change in the value of the currency of Country A shifts the amount of goods and services its trading partner Country B can theoretically purchase from Country A.

Although it has made moves to liberalize its currency markets, China still sets an official exchange rate for its relationship with the U.S. dollar and a band around which the two currencies can trade to provide some flexibility to the relationship. This week, China mostly lowered its target for the yuan/renminbi to dollar ratio by nearly 3%.

Aug. 10th Aug. 14th % Change U.S. Dollar-Chinese Yuan/Renminbi Exchange Rate 6.21 6.39 2.90%

So, in effect, any good or service a foreign buyer wants to purchase from China just became about 3% cheaper, a move that should help spur economic activity for China's economy. The flipside of this, though, and thus the two-sided coin reference above, is that this move also makes importing goods and service from abroad about 3% more expensive for the Chinese, and this fact specifically spooked Apple observers.

Two ugly choices for Apple

This leaves Apple stuck choosing between two largely unattractive options in responding to this surprise Chinese devaluation. First, it could simply live with this new exchange rate, which effectively creates a 3% haircut on all sales of its products in China. Obviously, this course dampens the profitability of Apple's entire Chinese operation slightly. The other option, and the more likely of the two in my estimation, is that Apple will raise prices on its iDevices in China.

In keeping with its high-end brand image, Apple has a long history of raising its product prices rather than live with fluctuations in foreign exchange markets hampering its profitability. This could shave off some demand for Apple's products on the margin in China, but such a move might also help reaffirm the luxury status of Apple's products in the minds of Chinese consumers as companies like Samsung take aim at its larger-screened iPhones.

Much ado about nothing?

The strong U.S. dollar of late has provided headwinds for U.S. corporate earnings abroad for several quarters now, so the Chinese yuan devaluation largely represents a continuation of this storyline. A few more important points bear noting here before closing.

First, Apple also sources a significant portion of its inventory and virtually all its product assembly in China, so at first glance, Apple could see an equivalent cost savings on its input costs as a result of this event. Not so. As a number of shrewd analysts have noted, Apple's supplier contracts with its Chinese parts and fabrication partners are denominated in U.S. dollars, so it will not realize any cost savings here. By denominating contracts in the company's home currency Apple insulates itself from potential inventory writedown risks, so it's actually good business on Apple's part. Also, large companies like Apple routinely hedge at least some of their foreign currency obligations, so Apple's net exposure to the yuan's downward swing might not hurt as much as it appears on paper. Lastly, remember the PBOC's actions help spur economic activity, so this move might actually serve to bolster demand for Apple's products down the road.

As I commented earlier this week, the recent signs of slowing growth in China and the negative psychological effects it could have on consumer spending worry me slightly more then the fairly minor swing in an admittedly important exchange rate relationship. But at risk of missing the forest for the trees, Apple still enjoys ample growth opportunities as the multi-decade Chinese growth story likely remains intact, even if conditions degrade further in the coming months. The Worst Mistake Apple, Inc. Investors Can Make Right Now Once again, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock has its investors bewildered. After peaking at around $135 per share earlier this year, Apple is now officially in correction territory, having sunk to its current level of $114 per share. That drop represents a 15% decline from Apple's 2015 intraday high, which is truly stunning, considering Apple is fresh off an earnings report that was nothing short of spectacular.

As is all too typical, Apple's fantastic business performance wasn't good enough to satisfy everybody. Expectations for Apple are always high, and the bar was set so high last quarter that the company's results were labeled a disappointment. This situation could scare individual investors into selling the stock, but that would be extremely misguided.

Apple's future remains bright, which is why selling now is the worst mistake a Fool could make.

Beauty is in the eye of the beholder

Apple's sell-off started shortly after its last earnings report. Shares of the technology giant fell 4% on the day the report was released, and the stock has continued to drift lower ever since, even though the underlying results were outstanding. Apple showed meaningful growth across virtually all the metrics that matter most.

All Apple managed to do last quarter was produce 32% year-over-year revenue growth, along with 44% earnings growth. Apple sold 47.5 million iPhones, a 35% year-over-year increase, and the average selling price for iPhones rose 17% to $660. Mac units sold increased 9%, and the only weak point was that iPad sales fell 18% year over year.

Apple raked in $60 billion of free cash flow over the first nine months of the fiscal year, and its balance sheet is stuffed with $202 billion in cash and marketable investments.

These results are remarkable, yet the stock is falling anyway. But investors need to focus less on what the stock is doing and more on what the company is doing. In that regard, everything the company is doing is clearly working extremely well, and there are even better things on the horizon.

Too many catalysts to ignore

While short-term traders and the talking heads in the financial media obsess about whether Apple's quarter beat expectations by a wide enough margin, Foolish investors should keep focused on what matters: the long term. Going forward, there are far too many promising catalysts on Apple's horizon to sell the stock now.

Just a few of these include the newest iteration of the iPhone, the iPhone 6s, which should be announced as early as next month. Various media reports have also indicated that a new Apple TV is on the way as well. When you add this to the continued expansion of Apple Pay, and the increased penetration of the Apple Watch, it's easy to see why selling Apple stock now makes little sense. This is particularly true in light of the fact that Apple's valuation remains extremely modest.

New product launches will help keep Apple's revenue and earnings growing, and EPS will be further fueled by Apple's huge stock buyback program. The company bought back $22 billion of stock in the past three quarters combined, which helped lower its diluted share count by 4% over the past year.

Very few reasons to sell here

Apple is growing revenue and earnings at high rates, the stock is cheap, and the company has a mountain of cash on the balance sheet. Going forward, while it's true that Apple's fiscal 2016 earnings results will probably see a lull because of extremely tough comparisons, the stock is priced at 13 times trailing earnings per share, or just 9 times if you exclude the approximately $35 per share in cash and investments. Apple's 1.7% dividend is icing on the cake.

Apple's stock drop is due to multiple contraction, not declining fundamentals. In other words, investors aren't willing to pay as high of a price for Apple's growth. But investor sentiment can change quickly. It's likely the market will once again wake up and realize that Apple is a great business.

Selling a stock at such cheap multiples simply doesn't make sense from a long-term investment perspective. The goal is to buy low and sell high, not the other way around. If anything, Apple stock is a fantastic buying opportunity for Foolish investors. Apple: Trading at a 40% Discount? A market sell-off in the past few weeks has beaten down many growth and tech stocks. While stock valuations do occasionally get ahead of themselves and can benefit from a correction, not every stock that gets sold off during these pullbacks was necessarily overvalued in the first place. For instance, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock should have been exempt from this dip. After all, the stock was already on sale. Even so, shares are trading lower, presenting a buying opportunity.

With shares down about 12% in the past few weeks, it's looking like a great time to pick up some Apple shares.

Why are Apple shares trading lower?

The most frequently cited reasons for this particular sell-off of growth and tech stocks have been speculation of a possible decision by the Fed to raise interest rates and China's recent devaluation of its currency.

Regarding Apple specifically, the motivation for the sell-off seemed to be the devaluation of China's currency. The Wall Street Journal's story on Tuesday had the headline "Devalued Yuan Set to Take Bite Out of Apple, Give Boost to Chinese Rivals." The authors, Lorraine Luk and Eva Dou, went as far as to say that Apple could "be one of the biggest losers from China's surprise decision to devalue its currency."

WSJ's argument?

Foreign companies such as Apple and fast-food retailer Yum Brands rely heavily on sales in the world's second-largest economy. For them, a weaker yuan means less revenue when the currency is converted back into U.S. dollars. Chinese manufacturers, on the other hand, such as Apple product assembler Foxconn and PC maker Lenovo Group Ltd., will get a lift from cheaper production costs at home, while their sales are mostly made in dollars.

During the past several weeks, Apple stock has fallen about 12%. About 5% of this decline occurred after WSJ reported this pessimistic view for Apple in China.

Is the sell-off merited?

Not at all.

First of all, Apple stock isn't even priced for meaningful growth. Indeed, Apple's conservative valuation essentially prices in considerable deceleration in EPS growth rates. So, even if Apple's business did slow, it's not likely to slow enough to justify an even cheaper Apple stock.

Trading at just 13.3 times earnings, Apple is priced to deliver modest, low-single-digit EPS growth over the next five to 10 years. Indeed, a conservative discounted cash flow valuation based on expectations for low-single-digit annualized growth in Apple's free cash flow over the long haul suggests Apple stock could be worth around $165 today. If this is the case, the stock is trading at about a 40% discount to a reasonable estimate of its fair value.

But should Apple be trading so conservatively? The company has shown recently that, despite its already enormous top and bottom lines, it is still capable of delivering incredible growth.

Consider Apple's most recent quarter. Revenue soared to a new third-quarter record, hitting $49.6 billion -- up significantly from its previous third-quarter record of $37.4 billion. Similarly, EPS jumped to $1.85 per share compared to $1.28 in the year-ago quarter.

Furthermore, even a slowdown in Apple's China's business would still likely represent considerable growth. Revenue in Apple's Greater China segment, which includes China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan, soared 112%, year over year. Or here's another way to look at it: While overall smartphone sales in Greater China were up about 5% year over year in Q3, Apple's iPhone unit sales, which serve as the key driver behind the majority of the tech giant's profits, soared 87% in Greater China compared to the year-ago quarter.

So, have investors overreacted and, as a result, oversold Apple stock? It certainly seems so. It looks like a great time to load up on an excellent company at a bargain price. Tullo: Apple TV Delays Benefit Tivo A couple of weeks ago, BuzzFeed reported a new Apple TV would be unveiled in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) s annual fall event, in September. Apparently, management intended to introduce a Web TV service along with the next-generation Apple TV set-top.

However, a Bloomberg article published late-Thursday now reports the launch has been postponed until 2016. Sources familiar with the matter have said the delay was caused by slowly progressing licensing talks with TV networks like CBS, NBC, and Fox.

Others attributed it to the need for increased network capacity, which is fundamental to ensure a satisfying viewing experience.

Related Link: Munster: Apple TV Not About Revenue, But 'Progressing' Into The Living Room

On Friday, Rich Tullo of Albert Fried explained why this delay in the launch of the new Apple TV benefits TiVo Inc. (NASDAQ: TIVO), which now stands as a possible takeout target. The expert sees TiVo as a bolt on-to Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) and a worthy purchase for Apple.

Why? Well, TiVo holds about 300 patents. So, buying the company would help bridge the gaps between the present and the time when Live Streaming Online TV becomes the new dominant force in the market.

Thus, Tullo adds,  The [TiVo] product fits into Apple's ecosystem. 

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: albert fried Apple TV BloombergAnalyst Color Long Ideas Analyst Ratings Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-12-24
Apple Pay Eyes Asian, Europe Market Following 'Slow' US Adoption Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s mobile payment system, Apple Pay, wasn't as well received by consumers as the company had hoped, at least according to a Bloomberg report.

According to Bloomberg, Apple Pay saw a "sluggish" start in the US since its debut more than a year ago. The company is now looking towards the Asian and European market to fuel growth.

Bloomberg noted that Apple Pay will be introduced in China, Hong Kong, Singapore and Spain in 2016. The report added that Apple is "counting on its brand recognition." However, Apple will be competing with local banks and Internet companies that already offer a similar service.

Tencent Holdings' WeChat and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE: BABA)'s Alipay already dominate the wireless mobile payment space with more than 75 percent market share within China.

However, Apple has already teamed up with UnionPay, the Chinese bank-card association. Bloomberg cited James Wester, an analyst at IDC who said this partnership makes Apple's entry into China "a lot easier."

Posted-In: Apple Apple Pay Apple Pay China BloombergAnalyst Color News Global Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple asks court to make Samsung pay $180 million more in patent dispute An Apple logo is seen inside the Apple Store in Palo Alto, California November 13, 2015. REUTERS/Stephen Lam

NEW YORK Just over a week after Samsung paid Apple more than $548 million for infringing the patents and designs of the iPhone, Apple has asked a U.S. court to force its biggest smartphone rival to cough up even more.

In court papers filed on Wednesday, Apple Inc (AAPL.O) said Samsung Electronics Co Ltd (005930.KS) owes nearly $180 million in supplemental damages and interest.

These further damages relate to five Samsung devices that infringed Apple's patents and were sold after a 2012 jury verdict finding Samsung liable in the dispute.

Representatives for Samsung and Apple could not immediately be reached for comment.

The long-running dispute dates back to 2011, when Apple sued Samsung alleging the South Korean electronics company violated its patents and copied the look of the iPhone. After the 2012 verdict, Samsung was ordered to pay $930 million to Apple.

In May a U.S. appeals court stripped about $382 million from that total, saying Cupertino, California-based Apple could not protect the phone's appearance through trademarks. Samsung paid Apple the bulk of the judgement, $548.2 million, on Dec. 14.

In a case that has come to epitomize the global smartphone war, Apple and Samsung have more battles ahead. Another trial over remaining damages related to the appeals court decision is set to go ahead next March in San Jose, California federal court.

Samsung has also appealed the case to the U.S. Supreme Court. The company said Apple was compensated far more than it deserved for patents on designs of the iPhone's front face, bezel and application icons. The high court must first decide whether or not to accept the case for review.

The case is Apple Inc v. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, No. 11-cv-1846.

(Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Bill Rigby) 
2015-05-15
Apple: Sharp's Problems Present An Opportunity, Not A Threat  
2015-12-10
 Tick-Tock  Is No Longer Appropriate for the Apple Inc. iPhone For many years, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has adopted what many call a "tick-tock" methodology (obviously borrowing the phrase from a certain large chipmaker) for its iPhone lineup. In even-numbered years, the company will introduce an iPhone with a new number, such as the iPhone 5 and 6; in odd-numbered years, the company takes the same basic phone design as in the previous year but adds a whole lot of goodness under the hood.

Although this development process has generally worked well for the iDevice maker, I believe it is now outdated. Indeed, in this article, I plan to show it's time for Apple to shift to a release cadence in which the company releases totally new phones each and every year.

Why this has historically made sense

Traditionally, many buyers -- particularly those in the United States -- would buy smartphones on two-year carrier contracts, effectively meaning users would upgrade their devices every two years.

With such plans being commonplace, it made perfect sense for Apple to introduce a new phone and then an upgraded "s" model. Whether a user was on the "new number" cycle or the "s" cycle didn't matter; these buyers would have two years' worth of improvements to look forward to.

And in the early innings of the smartphone boom, two years' worth of innovation was a huge deal.

The concept is outdated today, though

According to market research firm IDC, worldwide smartphone growth is cooling off, with worldwide industry growth expected to slow to just 9.8% in 2015. IDC also expects the five-year compounded annual growth rate for the smartphone market at large will come in at just 7.4% in the 2015 to 2019 period.

IDC says smartphone sales in mature markets (such as the United States) will be driven principally by "replacement purchases and second devices." To this end, the firm thinks smartphone makers will "push device financing and trade-in options" such as Apple's recently announced "iPhone Upgrade Program" to try to quicken device upgrade cycles.

If Apple is serious about trying to get people to upgrade every year (rather than every two years), then I would expect the company to ax its current "tick-tock" development methodology and instead release fundamentally new phones each year.

What will it mean for Apple from a financial perspective?

Apple has grown its revenue significantly over the last several years, which has allowed it to dramatically ramp up its research and development spending from where it was early on during the smartphone boom:

This dramatically increased spending means Apple has the resources to be more aggressive in producing new designs and implementing new features each year. I suspect Apple already realizes it needs to make bigger jumps with each iPhone release than it has previously, so I don't believe the company needs to further increase research and development spending to support this.

The only area where I could see Apple taking somewhat of a hit is on the gross profit margin front as the company will be able to reuse fewer components from the prior-generation models (most components tend to decline in price year over year).

With that in mind, it's worth noting with the iPhone 6s, Apple upgraded just about every single component in the latest iPhones over the prior generation models, with perhaps the LCD panel being the only major, noticeable component that stayed the same year over year.

Despite this, Apple guided to gross profit margins for its fiscal first quarter that should be about flat with those seen a year earlier; Apple may very well be able to transition to full redesigns each year without taking too much of a hit (if any) on the gross profit margin side of things. 
2015-04-27
Why InvenSense, Inc. Losing a Spot in the Apple Inc. Watch Isn't Catastrophic Chipworks had previously predicted that InvenSense (NYSE:INVN) would supply the motion sensor inside the Apple Watch (NASDAQ:AAPL). However, Chipworks' teardown reveals that ST Microelectronics (NYSE:STM) has won the motion sensor spot inside Apple's new devices.

What does this mean for InvenSense?

InvenSense CEO Behrooz Abdi said in an interview with fellow Fool Nathan Hamilton back in January that his company was in 100% of the smartwatches available in the market at the time. Given that InvenSense has been able to win all of those smartwatches, coupled with its success at the high end of the smartphone market, it seemed pretty reasonable that it would win the Apple Watch.

Alas, that does not appear to be the case.

This is going to raise a number of questions among investors. I can tell you that as an InvenSense shareholder myself, I'm wondering why InvenSense didn't win the spot, a question that raises a whole bunch of other questions, such as: Was ST Micro's motion sensor better than InvenSense's? Was ST Micro's solution cheaper? Is Apple simply trying to diversify its supply chain by keeping ST Micro in the loop?

Those questions lead to a new set of questions. For example, if ST Micro now has a superior solution, what does that mean for InvenSense's spot inside the next-generation flagship phones, such as the next iPhone? Or, if ST Micro's sensor is "good enough," but it can be produced and sold for less than the InvenSense solution, will that impact InvenSense's market share and/or pricing (margins)?

Wait! It's not all bad

Fellow Fool Sean Williams recently gave his take on a research note from Rosenblatt Securities. In particular, the company had actually claimed earlier this month that InvenSense was not inside the Apple Watch.

However, despite the loss of the Apple Watch socket, InvenSense is said to continue to see strong demand from the iPhone 6/6 Plus, and -- thanks to Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) losing the Galaxy S6 split -- is even strengthening its position at Samsung. InvenSense is reportedly also strengthening its position at fast-growing Xiaomi.

So, InvenSense may see its position in wearables crumble in the near term, but if Rosenblatt Securities' research is to be believed, InvenSense is still gaining traction in its core business. And, given that the smartphone market is likely to remain substantially larger than the smartwatch market, success in smartphones is far more important than success in wearables.

InvenSense, you've got some 'splainin' to do!

Although I like that InvenSense is reportedly still doing well in smartphones, I wonder how much investors are baking in a big wearable computing story. To be clear, InvenSense isn't shut out of Apple forever -- suppliers can change from product to product.

However, the Apple Watch is arguably the first wearable computer that actually matters, and InvenSense wasn't inside.

Further, even though Apple is doing well in the flagship smartphones today, I'm much more cautious about future design wins -- particularly at Apple -- given that ST Micro win.

I have no doubt analysts will ask InvenSense's management about this design loss on its earnings call scheduled for May 4. While InvenSense most likely won't comment on the Apple Watch in particular, management may speak in broader terms as to why it might win/lose a particular design, helping to clue investors in on what might have gone on with that particular design. This Apple Trading Pattern Only Happened 2 Other Times In The Past 7 Years Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) traders are scrambling to decide how to play the company s earnings report coming after the market close. Fundamental and technical traders have been pouring over countless metrics for days trying to decipher what to expect from Apple and the Apple Watch.

Unusual Pattern

One website, EidoSearch, takes a unique approach to predicting future stock movement, and the site s technically-based search software identified Apple s current trading pattern as a particularly unusual pattern for Apple during the past decade.

In fact, according to EidoSearch, Apple s past month of trading only closely resembles two other months of trading since 2007.

How Does EidoSearch Work?

According to its website, the EidoSearch search software is strictly based on price action of a stock. The EidoSearch software focuses on identifying time periods in the past when a stock has traded most similarly to its recent trading pattern.

While the software does not address the underlying causes of the trading patterns (investor sentiment, fundamental news, liquidity etc.), its usefulness is based on the idea that patterns repeat themselves over time in the stock market.

 Although the behavior of market participants and their responses to changes in market conditions and microstructure change over time, we should expect some consistency in their expected behavior,  the site explains.

Related Link: Apple: Priced For Perfection?

What Does It Mean?

EidoSearch software Identified October 2013 and October 2007 as the two months in the past seven-plus years in which Apple s stock has traded most similarly to the way it has traded during the month leading up to this week.

For those that do not remember, Apple released strong earnings numbers in October 2013 on the strength of the launch of the iPhone 5s and 5c.

Way back in October 2007, Apple blew earnings expectations out of the water on the heels of the launch of the original iPhone in June, 2007.

According to EidoSearch, if Apple s stock continues to follow the patterns from 2007 and 2013, traders should expect a price of $135 by the end of this week.

Posted-In: Apple stock EidoSearchEducation Technicals Top Stories Tech Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Earnings Reaction History: Apple, Inc., 55.6% Follow-Through Indicator, 4.8 ... Expected Earnings Release: 04/27/2015, After-hours

Avg. Extended-Hours Dollar Volume: $1,930,704,886

Apple, Inc. ( AAPL ) is due to issue its quarterly earnings report in the upcoming extended-hours session. Given its history, traders can expect very active trading in the issue immediately following its quarterly earnings announcement. Historical earnings event related premarket and after-hours trading activity in AAPL indicates that the price change in the extended hours is likely to be of limited value in forecasting additional price movement by the following regular session close.

Last 12 Qtrs Positive Only Price Reactions

Percent of time added to extended-hours gains: 66.7%

Average next regular session additional gain: 1.3%

Over the prior three fiscal years (12 quarters), when shares of AAPL rose in the extended-hours session in reaction to its earnings announcement, history shows that 66.7% of the time (4 events) the stock posted additional gains in the following regular session by an average of 1.3%.

Last 12 Qtrs Negative Only Price Reactions

Percent of time added to extended-hours losses: 33.3%

Average next regular session additional loss: 1.7%

Over that same historical period, when shares of AAPL dropped in the extended-hours in reaction to its earnings announcement, history shows that 33.3% of the time (1 event) the stock dropped further, adding to the extended-hours losses by an average of 1.7% by the following regular session close.

Data provided by the MT Pro service at MTNewswires.com. Apple says watch demand exceeding supply Apple Inc. AAPL, -0.53% CEO Tim Cook said demand for Apple Watch is exceeding available supply, shedding light on why so many pre-order deliveries have been pushed back to May or later. "We are working hard to remedy that," Cook said on a conference call after the company reported better-than-expected second-quarter earnings. Apple has made progress over the last week or so, Cook said, pointing to how Apple upped a large number of deliveries to April 24 from May last Wednesday before the device's official launch. While Apple has not yet expanded on sales for the watch, Cook said a bright spot so far has been the number of apps available on Apple Watch. The company was internally hoping to launch with 1,000 apps, the same number that launched with the iPad in 2010. The Watch currently has 3,500 apps available for download. Cook said reaction from customers has been "overwhelmingly positive." Who Holds The Most Apple Stock? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is scheduled to report its second quarter results on Monday after market close.

Vanguard Group is the largest institutional shareholder, holding nearly $43.9 billion worth of stock. Notable activist investor Carl Icahn holds nearly $6.97 billion worth of stock, so it shouldn't come as a surprise why he continues to push the company to implement large scale share buybacks that boost the value of his investment even further.

Here is a list of some of the largest investors that stand to realize large profits under a "best case" scenario.

Vanguard Group owns 332,239,573 shares.

State Street Corp owns 245,661,665 shares.

FMR LLC owns 178,961,757 shares.

Blackrock Institutional Trust Company, N.A. owns 154,653,443 shares.

Bank of New York Mellon Corp owns 85,947,977 shares.

NORTHERN TRUST CORP owns 82,241,409 shares.

SUSQUEHANNA INTERNATIONAL GROUP, LLP(PUT) owns 78,073,600 shares.

BLACKROCK FUND ADVISORS owns 72,534,355 shares.

JPMORGAN CHASE & COMPANY owns 62,979,131 shares.

Invesco Ltd. owns 62,448,418 shares.

WELLINGTON MANAGEMENT GROUP LLP owns 61,752,623 shares.

SUSQUEHANNA INTERNATIONAL GROUP, LLP(CALL) owns 56,625,950 shares.

ICAHN CARL C owns 52,760,848 shares.

PRICE T ROWE ASSOCIATES INC owns 47,054,954 shares.

GEODE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT, LLC owns 46,035,866 shares.

BLACKROCK GROUP LTD owns 46,032,985 shares.

NORGES BANK owns 45,855,072 shares.

GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC owns 45,224,107 shares.

WELLS FARGO & COMPANY owns 44,197,721 shares.

MORGAN STANLEY owns 42,855,239 shares.

Posted-In: Carl Icahn Institutional Investors Share buybackNews

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple expands capital return program to $200 billion; increased share repurchase authorization and quarterly dividend  Apple Inc gives Q3 2015 revenue guidance in line with analysts' estimates  
2015-12-15
Surprise! Samsung Is Copying Apple Inc.'s Latest Innovation One of the big selling points that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) emphasized for its iPhone 6s and 6s Plus phones launched earlier this year was the inclusion of 3D Touch capability, which allows the devices to detect the pressure applied to their displays.

Apple spent a significant amount of time at the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus product launch event touting 3D Touch, as it was no doubt the most noticeable upgrade from the prior-generation iPhone 6 and 6 Plus phones.

According to a report from The Wall Street Journal, Samsung's (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) next-generation Galaxy S flagship, the Galaxy S7, will include a similar technology.

This isn't really a surprise

Apple's Jonathan Ive claimed in an interview with Bloomberg Businessweek that 3D Touch was a project that took "multi, multi, multi years" and was "unbelievably hard" to implement.

These comments may have been made to suggest that the competition couldn't easily replicate 3D Touch, but it seems that Apple's technological "moat" vis-a-vis 3D Touch isn't as wide as some might have thought.

Indeed, a couple of months ago, chipmaker Synaptics (NASDAQ:SYNA) announced its own 3D Touch-like solution, branded ClearPad 3700, that it plans to market to various smartphone vendors. Given that Synaptics works very closely with major smartphone vendors, such as Samsung, it wouldn't surprise me a bit to see that Samsung's 3D Touch-like implementation is based on Synaptics' solution.

What does this mean for Apple?

Although the Galaxy S7 is probably the most direct competition to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus in the high end of the smartphone market -- which is why investors might focus on the S7 as the major "threat" to the iPhone 6s and 6s Plus -- the real "problem" for Apple is that this technology will soon become ubiquitous in the world of Android phones.

I don't just mean flagship devices, either; it probably won't be too long before even good mid-range Android devices from a wide variety of vendors implementing this technology will be available in the marketplace.

Obviously, this isn't really great news for Apple, as it needs to keep persuading people to buy its (relatively) expensive flagships rather than choose lower-cost alternatives.

That being said, it's not necessarily doom and gloom either. What the impending commoditization of 3D Touch-like functionality means is that Apple will need to increase the rate at which it introduces new, innovative features.

Can Apple follow 3D Touch up with something even better?

To keep a technological and feature lead over the competition, Apple is going to need to introduce yet another "major" feature with the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus.

There have been numerous rumors as to what the company has in store for its next-generation iPhone, but there's not been much in the way of concrete details, aside from the fact that the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus will be thinner than their predecessors and that the 7 Plus will have an additional gigabyte of memory over the vanilla iPhone 7.

I suspect that Apple is keeping a very tight lid on the features that its next-generation iPhone will have. Apple typically does so for both competitive reasons -- the more the competition knows ahead of time, the quicker they can copy -- and to avoid making obsolete the products it's currently trying to sell.

That said, one report suggested that the company is toying with adding "multi-3D touch," allowing for the screen to detect pressure from multiple fingers simultaneously. This seems plausible, although before putting too much faith into it, I'd like to see confirmation from multiple sources, particularly one with a good track record such as KGI Securities' Ming-Chi Kuo.

My guess is that the public will know roughly what to expect from the next-generation iPhone once mass production of the components intended for the devices is in full swing, probably around March or April. Here's Why I'm Not Buying Apple Inc. Stock I write quite often about Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and am generally positive about many aspects of the company. Its engineering talent is world class, its marketing team seems to know what it's doing, and the company has a very shareholder-friendly capital allocation strategy. It is by all means a world class business that, in my book, deserves to be respected and admired.

And yet, despite my respect and admiration for this world class company, I do not hold a position in the stock and I don't intend to take one anytime soon. Here's why.

It's a very high risk business

Apple's business seems really risky. The company derives the vast majority of its revenue and profits from a single product -- the iPhone. Furthermore, the company controls the lion's share of the profits in the smartphone market (one recent estimate pegged it at 94%), by virtue of the fact that the company plays exclusively in the high end of the market.

I don't think the smartphone market in general will necessarily go south in the same way the PC market has. However, there are a few factors that give me pause:

Can the high end of the market in which Apple plays continue to grow indefinitely, or will the market shift toward lower cost devices? Can Apple continue to defend/grow its share of this segment of the market while keeping its margin structure largely intact?

Thus far the high-end of the market has continued to grow and Apple has seen its iPhone shipments grow every year since 2007. However, according to longtime Apple bull Katy Huberty, iPhone could actually fall by 6% in the company's current fiscal year.

Huberty's pessimism comes even as she views Apple as a "share gainer" in the phone market.

The next risk, related to this, is that it's by no means guaranteed that Apple will maintain/grow its share in this market. Apple has done an excellent job of this so far, but with the company holding such a large piece of the profit pie, competitors will continue to try to take share from the company.

Apple can, of course, work diligently to develop new, differentiated products, and over the long run it should be difficult for competitors to invest anywhere close to what Apple is able to. However, as long as Apple has credible, healthy competition that can largely "copy" the novel features that Apple introduces within a matter of months, there will always be material risk that the company could lose high-end share, potentially dramatically impacting its revenue and profitability.

There doesn't seem to be opportunity at the moment

Apple's stock price has had an incredible run over the last decade or so, and I'd imagine that the majority of folks who have been diligently holding on to the shares for the long term have made a good chunk of change.

However, as somebody who does not currently own Apple stock, I'd be hesitant to buy in at this point. Analysts are beginning to take down their estimates for iPhone unit shipments for the current year and I suspect that Huberty's estimate reduction will be far from the last.

If Apple shares get clobbered ahead of the iPhone 7 launch (i.e., a 20%-plus haircut from current levels), then I'd be willing to buy in on the expectation that future iPhone cycles will be more prosperous than the iPhone 6s/6s Plus cycle is shaping up to be. Is Apple Inc. Really Going to Acquire GoPro Inc.? The rumors are flying about a potential Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) acquisition of GoPro (NASDAQ:GPRO).

Analysts believe if the deal does indeed go through, GoPro's high-tech product offerings would fit nicely into Apple's portfolio of best-in-class products.. Apple would benefit not only from GoPro's action cameras, but also from the rest of its diverse product offerings, including drones, virtual reality, and editing software.

A full transcript follows the video.

This podcast was recorded on Dec. 11, 2015.

Sean O'Reilly: So first and foremost is GoPro. Everybody's favorite, the highly active camera company, something. I don't know.

Dylan Lewis: Action camera? Never mind.

O'Reilly: Action camera. Well, I also think, is that the word I want to go for? Like, I don't know. Anyway, I've never jumped off a cliff with a camera on my head. Sorry.

Lewis: Fair. Have you seen Nick Woodman on Shark Tank recently?

O'Reilly: No.

Lewis: Pretty cool. It's weird to see him all buttoned up because he's usually like at the press events with a camera in his mouth.

O'Reilly: Oh, that's right, yeah. I'm sorry, I did see one episode. Actually, believe it or not, I'm not as big of a Shark Tank fan as my wife is. So, anyway. So GoPro. Market cap of $2.6 billion. Price to sales of a surprisingly reasonable 1.5.

For our listeners that don't know, are they profitable? What do they do? Why would Apple want them?

Lewis: Yeah, so they're the action camera manufacturer we were talking about. They are profitable. I think probably the most realistic of the four, for a variety of reasons, is also the only company out of the four to move on this news. Good testament to the fact that it's probably the most likely of those four for anything to happen with Apple. So you look at the valuation, you said price of sales 1.5, I think their trailing-12-month P/E is somewhere in the neighborhood of 15 right now.

O'Reilly: Also surprisingly reasonable.

Lewis: They're well below market for a particularly high-growth company. Their sales project out pretty well, at least for the common quarters. A lot of people are worried a little bit more about the long-term viability and ...

O'Reilly: Plus just competition.

Lewis: ... and market saturation, too, is an issue with them. But, so, on a valuation basis, it's the most attractive by far. I think also the product offering fits fairly well within Apple's consumer-tech expertise. It also plays well into the VR drone kind of future that a lot of people are forecasting out.

So I think that's why we saw this big move based on this news, and a lot of the headlines that I saw following this particular research report said, it was like, led with "GoPro Acquisition Target for Apple." And then it was like, also Adobe -- yadda, yadda, yadda. You know, so GoPro is the headline one by far. For what it's worth, GoPro was actually downgraded to neutral by Citigroup also this week. So, just goes to show analysts are all over the place, but that's kind of the run=down with them and why it might make sense. Apple Inc opened secret lab in Taiwan to develop new iPhone display ... Apple Inc. opened a production laboratory in northern Taiwan where engineers are developing new display technologies, according to people with knowledge of the facility.

The Apple building in Longtan has at least 50 engineers and other workers creating new screens for devices including iPhones and iPads, the people said, asking not to be identified because the details aren t public. Apple has recruited from local display maker AU Optronics Corp. and Qualcomm Inc., which used to own the building, the people said.

Kristin Huguet, a spokeswoman for Apple in Cupertino, California, declined to comment.

Apple began operating the lab this year as it aims to make products thinner, lighter, brighter and more energy-efficient. Engineers are developing more-advanced versions of the liquid-crystal displays currently used in iPhones, iPads and Mac personal computers, the people said. Apple also is keen to move to organic light-emitting diodes, which are even thinner and don t require a backlight, they said.

Related

Samsung, Sharp

Making its iPhones and iPads slimmer and longer-lasting with each generation has been a hallmark of Apple, helping drive US$178 billion in annual sales from the two product categories.

By working directly on the development of display technologies, Apple can reduce reliance on the technology developed by suppliers such as Samsung Electronics Co., LG Display Co., Sharp Corp. and Japan Display Inc. Instead, the company can develop the production processes in-house and outsource to smaller manufacturers such as Taiwan s AU Optronics or Innolux Corp.

Shares of AU Optronics surged 7 per cent, the most in four months, in Taipei and Innolux jumped 2.6 per cent. Japan Display dropped 3.9 per cent in Tokyo to the lowest in more than two months, and Sharp fell 1.6 per cent.

Job Postings

Apple does the bulk of its research at its headquarters in Cupertino and outsources the manufacturing of almost all devices and components to suppliers such as Foxconn Technology Group and Japan Display. The iPhone maker also employs scientists and engineers globally to develop materials and manufacturing technologies.

Apple continues looking for engineers to work at its display panel facilities, according to job postings on LinkedIn Corp. s website.

Tucked in a corner of Longtan Science Park, between a forest and the building site for a new biotechnology factory, the structure shows no outward indications of belonging to the world s most valuable company. Fifty kilometers (31 miles) from downtown Taipei and within an hour s drive of the Foxconn headquarters, the white-tiled factory displays no corporate signage, a stark contrast to neighboring plants emblazoned with 3-foot-tall logos for Leotek Electronics Corp., Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. and AU Optronics.

Qualcomm Displays

A short driveway, a half-dozen steps and sliding glass doors lead to a counter and a receptionist in front of an Apple logo on the wall. That sign, and an iMac displaying Apple s standard visitor registration screen, are the only visible indicators Apple resides here.

The receptionist wouldn t provide the name or contact details for someone who could talk about the facility. Guards at an outside security post also declined to give contact details for anyone responsible.

Records from the Hsinchu Science Park management office, which manages the Longtan facility, show Apple moved into the factory in April and that Qualcomm Panel Manufacturing Ltd. had occupied the site from 2008.

Records from the economics ministry show Apple last amended its Taiwan registration in October. The form now shows the Longtan address, changed from an earlier listing in downtown Taipei, as the headquarters of Taiwan Apple LLC. The site was where Qualcomm tried to develop its own displays called Mirasol.

Samsung, which makes both components and consumer devices, is among the few suppliers currently offering smartphones with OLED displays, which typically are more expensive to produce than LCDs.

On Monday, a small group of workers with Apple ID badges around their necks stepped off the property for a smoking break amid the hum of industrial filters. They declined to comment on the building s purpose and what they re working on.

 With assistance from Adam Satariano.

Bloomberg.com 
2015-12-09
What to Expect From Apple Inc.'s March 2016 Event According to 9to5Mac's Mark Gurman, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is planning to host a product launch event in March. At this event, Gurman reports, Apple plans to show off a next-generation Apple Watch, with shipments said to begin in April.

Gurman says the new 4-inch iPhone, commonly referred to as the iPhone 6c, could also launch at this event.

That said, I don't think Apple would host an entire press event just for the Apple Watch and a smaller iPhone. Here's what else I expect (and perhaps hope) to see Apple launch at this event.

Can we get some new MacBooks, please?

Apple launched the 12-inch MacBook, as well as refreshed variants of the MacBook Air and 13-inch MacBook Pro, during its spring 2015 event. Given that most of Apple's MacBooks are all still using Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) older Broadwell processors -- and the 15-inch MacBook Pro is even further behind the times, sporting even older Haswell processors -- these systems should be ripe for upgrades come March.

Intel is already producing processors based on its Skylake architecture appropriate for refreshes of the 12-inch MacBook, 13-inch MacBook Pro, and MacBook Air systems (should Apple keep these around), so upgrades to these systems seem a given at this point.

If Intel is able to produce Skylake processors with Iris Pro graphics in large quantities in support of an early 2015 refresh of the 15-inch MacBook -- and these should be quite large, fairly difficult-to-build processors -- then I'd expect this system to be refreshed as well.

If not, then I'd expect all if the MacBooks, save for the 15-inch Pro, to see updates, with the 15-incher getting a makeover a few months later.

Mac Pro is also well overdue for a refresh

Another Mac product in serious need of a refresh is the company's high-end Mac Pro computer. The current Mac Pro lineup uses Intel's Ivy Bridge-EP processor family, which is a generation behind what Intel currently sells.

Intel is expected to launch its next-generation workstation processor family, known as Broadwell-EP, during the first quarter of 2016. This would seem like an opportune time for Apple to update these systems to both new processors -- which should bring significant performance and efficiency enhancements -- and a new, more feature-rich platform.

Hey, how about the iPad Air?

In 2015, Apple updated both the iPad Mini and brought out an entirely new class of iPad, known as the iPad Pro. However, it didn't roll out a new iPad Air.

In a bid to boost iPad sales, I think there's a reasonable chance the company will refresh the iPad Air. The iPad Air 2 is still a strong 9.7-inch tablet offering, but there's certainly room to improve the device.

For one thing, it would be nice to see the A9X chip that's currently found inside the iPad Pro make its way into a device the size of an iPad Air.

Additionally, according to tests performed by website Display Mate, the iPad Air 2 has a display that's inferior to the ones found in both the iPad Mini 4 and the newly released iPad Pro.

Although the iPad Air 2's display is subjectively still quite nice, at least in this author's opinion, a better display -- coupled with other upgraded functionality -- could help persuade users of older iPads to finally upgrade. A Theory Of Apple's Product Success  Apple CEO Says More Computer Education Needed Jaysean Erby raises his hands as he solves a coding problem as Apple CEO Tim Cook watches from behind at an Apple Store, on Wednesday in New York. Mark Lennihan/AP

NEW YORK (AP)   Apple CEO Tim Cook says teaching coding to kids is just as important as teaching any other foreign language. And the younger kids start learning it, the better.

Cook spoke to a group of New York third graders who visited a Manhattan Apple store for a coding class Wednesday. He says schools don't put enough emphasis on computer science education and that he hopes that one day coding will become a required class for all kids.

The kids at the event played with a Star Wars-themed iPad game, using basic drag-and-drop commands to program their droid to do things like pick up scrap metal or evade Stormtroopers.

The "Hour of Code" workshop was one of many held by Apple Inc. this week as part of Computer Science Education Week. 
2015-08-04
Apple, Inc. Reportedly Planning a Major iMac Update One product category that has continued to perform quite well for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is the Mac. Even as the broader PC market continues to decline, Apple has posted multiple quarters of year-over-year growth, suggesting continued market segment share gains against Windows-based personal computers.

According to generally reliable analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, Apple will be updating its iMac line of desktop all-in-one computers later this quarter. Let's take a closer look at what Apple might be bringing to the table.

Better display, faster processors

Kuo predicts that the new iMacs will have "more powerful processors" as well as "much better display quality." In particular, he believes that the display in the new iMacs will use an "LED phosphor material called KSF to notably boost color saturation."

In particular, according to a report from IHS analyst Jimmy Kim, Ph.D, KSF phosphor "are emerging as a new wide color gamut solution."

The faster processors should also deliver a welcome upgrade from the Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Haswell processors found inside of the current iMac lineup. I believe that the 27-inch iMac models will move directly to Intel's soon-to-be-announced Skylake architecture, while the 21.5-inch model(s) could potentially move to Intel's Iris Pro-equipped Broadwell chips, since it is not clear if the Iris Pro variants of Intel's Skylake chips will be available this fall.

What about graphics?

In addition to the upgraded CPU, new 27-inch iMacs will likely include improved graphics processors. The standard (i.e. non-Retina 5K) 27-inch iMac model comes with an NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) GeForce GT 755M, while the Retina 5K models come with either an Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) Radeon R9 M290 or, for the higher-end Retina 5K model, the Radeon R9 M290X.

Apple has seemingly been transitioning away from NVIDIA discrete graphics in its Mac products toward graphics from AMD. I expect that as Apple moves its 27-inch iMacs to Skylake processors, AMD will become the sole vendor of discrete graphics in those designs.

For the 21.5-inch iMac, Apple has three different tiers. The cheapest model (starting at $1099) uses essentially a MacBook Air-class processor with integrated Intel HD graphics. The middle model uses a faster processor with more cores and a higher-grade integrated graphics, and the highest-end one uses an NVIDIA GT 750M.

Trying to figure out what Apple will do with new 21.5-inch iMacs, should they arrive later this quarter, is a bit tricky.

If Intel has Skylake processors with Iris Pro available by the time Apple wants to roll-out new iMacs, then I'd expect the whole lineup will move to Skylake processors. If not, then I could see Apple moving to Broadwell-U for the lowest-end iMac, Broadwell with Iris Pro for the middle model, and Skylake paired with discrete graphics for the highest end model.

As with the 27-inch iMac models, Apple's recent choices of AMD discrete graphics for other iMac/MacBook Pro models suggests that the NVIDIA GT 750M will be replaced with a higher-performing graphics processor from AMD.

A solid upgrade coming for the iMac

With better internals, coupled with a "much better" display, the new iMacs should represent solid evolutions of the iMac lineup. I'm not expecting that customers will flood their nearest Apple stores in order to get ahold of these new Macs should they launch later this quarter as Kuo predicts. However, for customers who held off on buying new iMacs in anticipation of newer models, I think the new models will have been well worth the wait. Market News: Apple Inc., Netflix, Inc., Sprint Corp  Apple, Inc.: Time to Ramp Up the Buybacks Over the past few years, as hit products like the iPhone have driven rising cash flow at Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), the tech giant has started to return more cash to shareholders. While the company offers a meaningful quarterly dividend of $0.52 (an annual yield of more than 1.7%), share repurchases have been Apple's main tool for deploying excess cash.

This focus on share buybacks has been very good for investors, as Apple has been able to buy back a lot of stock at a discount to the current share price. With Apple stock having recently pulled back about 15% from the all-time high reached earlier this year, now would be a great time for Apple to double down on its buyback activity.

Buyback pace is slowing

Apple's buyback activity peaked in the 2014 fiscal year. After spending about $23 billion to buy back stock in FY13, Apple repurchased $45 billion of its stock last year. As a result, Apple's diluted share count during Q1 of FY15 was down nearly 7% year over year. This added $0.20 to Apple's EPS in Q1 alone.

By contrast, Apple's buyback activity has been slowing this year. Through the first nine months of the fiscal year, Apple spent $22 billion on share buybacks, down from $28 billion in the year-earlier period.

Furthermore, since Apple's stock price has been higher this year, the number of shares repurchased has declined even more steeply. Apple's diluted share count was down less than 2% in the third quarter compared to the first quarter.

Plenty of cash -- just not in the U.S.

The slowing pace of buybacks at Apple flies in the face of its moves to increase its buyback plans from $60 billion to $90 billion in April 2014, and then to $140 billion in April 2015. It also comes despite Apple's strong free cash flow and growing cash pile.

At the end of last quarter, Apple had about $203 billion of cash and investments on its balance sheet. Even after deducting its debt, Apple's net cash position totaled nearly $150 billion. Meanwhile, the company generated a stunning $60 billion in free cash flow through the first nine months of FY15.

However, there's a catch. The vast majority of Apple's cash -- $181.1 billion at the end of June -- is held outside the U.S. for tax purposes. It would be subject to a repatriation tax of up to 35% if it were brought home and used for buybacks. Plus, most of Apple's free cash flow is being generated outside the U.S. due to Apple's growing success in foreign markets like China.

Since Apple doesn't want to pay the stiff repatriation taxes -- it's hoping that the government will eventually lower the rates through corporate tax reform -- it has to borrow most of the money it wants to use for share buybacks.

It's still time for faster buybacks

Despite this limitation, Apple should probably seize the opportunity presented by its recent share price slump to buy back more stock. Apple stock now trades for less than 10 times free cash flow, which is a shockingly low valuation.

Apple currently has more than $50 billion in outstanding debt, which certainly seems like a lot. But Apple paid just $200 million in interest on that debt last quarter, while receiving $766 million in dividend and interest income from its investments. Apple could potentially add another $100 billion in debt without paying any net interest expense.

Furthermore, from a cash flow perspective, adding more debt doesn't necessarily leave Apple worse off because shrinking its share count will reduce the amount spent on dividends.

Apple has taken some tentative steps in the direction of more debt-funded buybacks, issuing nearly $2 billion of bonds in the U.K. last week. But that alone won't make much of an impact on Apple's share count.

Apple's management should make a bolder move to increase its buyback activity, particularly if the stock remains under pressure. Once investors realize that the sky isn't falling, today's sub-$120 stock price may be gone forever. Apple denies plan to sell mobile services directly to consumers FRANKFURT/PARIS Apple Inc (AAPL.O), the world's most profitable mobile phone maker, has denied working on a plan to market communications services directly to consumers and bypass the telecom companies on which it has long relied to sell its products.

Business Insider had on Monday reported that the iPhone maker was testing a so-called mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) service in the United States, which would involve it renting capacity from one or more network operators to sign up customers to its own phone and data plans.

The mobile phone maker is also in talks with European operators about such an arrangement, the website reported.

"We have not discussed nor do we have any plans to launch an MVNO," said an Apple spokeswoman in a statement on Tuesday.

Since it first launched the iPhone in 2007, carriers ranging from AT&T Inc (T.N) and Deutsche Telekom AG (DTEGn.DE) to China Mobile Ltd (0941.HK) have been a key part of ensuring the success of Apple's move into the mobile phone business.

The carriers buy huge numbers of mobile phones from Apple, then resell them to customers who sign long-term contracts, often at a discount. Any move to sideline the carriers by going direct to consumers is therefore risky for Apple.

Apple recently reported that it sold 48 million iPhones in the quarter through June, raking in $31.4 billion in revenue, or 63 percent of its total sales.

In order to ensure maximum coverage to its customers, Apple has moved away from an early focus on exclusive deals with single operators in key markets to work with as many operators as possible.

Last year, the company launched an own-branded Apple SIM card that allows consumers using its iPad tablet devices, but not its phones, to switch services between network operators. Several top operators in the United States and Europe support the Apple SIM.

By contrast, Silicon Valley rival Google Inc (GOOGL.O) earlier this year unveiled an MVNO service in the United States.

The Google service, known as "Project Fi", is being run in conjunction with U.S. operators Sprint (S.N) and T-Mobile USA [TUII.UL]. It connects customers to the fastest available service by seeking out available local Wi-Fi hotspots before, as a backstop, connecting to the telecom networks of its partners.

Apple shares, which fell as much as 4.4 percent in the first 90 minutes of Nasdaq trading on Tuesday, steadied after the denial to be down 3.1 percent by 1642 GMT (1242 EDT).

(Editing by Georgina Prodhan and David Holmes) 
2015-11-08
1 Way Alphabet, Inc. Can't Catch Up With Apple, Inc. For the most part, the intense competition between Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS has largely been characterized by both companies' innovations, and when one comes up with a good idea, the other promptly borrows, replicates, or adapts the new idea to its own platform. Most of the time, this approach has manifested in software features or services that are easily copied. Hardware is a different matter, even if Android OEMs have successfully copied Touch ID with fingerprint sensors and Android's Nexus Protect.

But Google apparently now now wants to copy another aspect of Apple's hardware strategy, but it has virtually no chance of succeeding.

All that and a bag of chips

According to The Information, Google has had discussions with various chipmakers about potentially co-developing processors. Google has looked on and seen what Apple has been able to achieve with its custom chip designs, and the plethora of benefits that A-chips deliver.

Now the search giant would like to do likewise. Google reportedly wants to improve image processing and onboard memory, as well add as a motion co-processor that improves power efficiency, among others.

A-chips have leapfrogged the industry

The thing is that Apple's chip strategy started evolving in a meaningful way a long time ago, and the Mac maker's progress has been exponential in recent years. A-chips have completely taken off over the past few generations, not only in terms of sheer performance, but also more importantly in terms of sophistication and customization.

For instance, A-chips now have secure enclaves embedded directly into them, which is where Touch ID data and other sensitive data is stored. The M9 motion coprocessor is also now integrated directly into the A9. In fact, the most critical function that has yet to be integrated in cellular connectivity, which, while overdue, is incredibly difficult to execute.

Apple has invested very heavily in quietly poaching incredible chip engineers over the past few years, and its chips are even known to catch the whole industry off guard from time to time. For instance, no one had any clue that Apple had its 64-bit A7 up its sleeve in 2013. The progress that Apple has made in chip development is also precisely why every year it becomes a more viable possibility that we'll eventually see a Mac powered by an A-chip.

Alphabet can't catch up

Google will also probably have a hard time finding a chipmaker that's willing to play ball. Price competition in the Android camp is particularly intense since most devices are highly commoditized, and shrinking margins don't leave a lot of room for high-end custom chips that can deliver the types of performance Google is asking for.

On top of that, chipmakers would rather just design and sell their own chips, as opposed to collaborating with Google on design. There's not a whole lot of upside for chipmakers. The proposed move almost sounds like Google's Nexus program, where it collaborates with hardware OEMs to design phones, but for processors. Nexus devices have never been a huge part of the Android ecosystem in terms of volume, further underscoring how little upside chipmakers could even potentially enjoy. And chip development is vastly more expensive and complicated than designing phone hardware.

As it stands, there's virtually no way Google has a chance at catching up with Apple in this regard. Apple US Market Share Crushes Samsung Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) iPhone sales continued to rise and its market share crushed rival Samsung, based on comScore smartphone sales figures for September. Apple s share of original equipment manufacturer (OEM) sales was 43.6% against Samsung s 27.6%.

The other OEMs had very modest segments of the market: LG at 9.4%, Motorola at 4.8% and HTC at 3.3%. Motorola was the second largest manufacturer in the world in 2006, trailing only Nokia. HTC was making share sales gains in 2011 at a pace that made it look as if it would occupy the top tier of OEMs.

Apple s strength in September was also evident in opearting system (OS) market share. Despite the fact that its iOS is only available in Apple products, its share was 43.6% to Google Android s at 52.3%. Alphabet Inc. s (NASDAQ: GOOGL) Android is the OS used in virtually every smartphone sold in America.

Apple s last quarterly earnings announcement indicates that its dominance in the U.S. market, and around the world, will continue.

For the period that ended September 26:

The Company posted quarterly revenue of $51.5 billion and quarterly net profit of $11.1 billion, or $1.96 per diluted share. These results compare to revenue of $42.1 billion and net profit of $8.5 billion, or $1.42 per diluted share, in the year-ago quarter. Gross margin was 39.9 percent compared to 38 percent in the year-ago quarter. International sales accounted for 62 percent of the quarter s revenue. The growth was fueled by record fourth quarter sales of iPhone, the expanded availability of Apple Watch, and all-time records for Mac sales and revenue from services.

The numbers were particularly impressive because the new iPhone 6s was only available for part of this period. Apple sold 48 million iPhones during this time.

ALSO READ: Apple Is the Most Profitable Company in the World

Two years ago, as Samsung Galaxy sales rose rapidly, there was a concern that Apple s market share would plunge. The comScore September numbers show how quickly Apple turned the tables with the iPhone 6 family introduction. Apple Defeats Class Action Lawsuit Over Bag Searches The Apple logo hangs in front of an Apple store on July 23, 2013 in New York City.

The Apple logo hangs in front of an Apple store on July 23, 2013 in New York City. Photograph by Spencer Platt   Getty Images

Apple Inc defeated a U.S. class action lawsuit brought by Apple retail workers over bag search practices at the company's California brick and mortar outlets, according to a court ruling on Saturday.

The decision, from U.S. District Judge William Alsup in San Francisco, came in a case where employees sued to be reimbursed for the time taken by Apple to search their bags to ensure they did not steal any merchandise.

At least two Apple retail store workers complained directly to Chief Executive Tim Cook that the technology company's policy of checking retail employees' bags as a security precaution was embarrassing and demeaning, according to court filings made public earlier in the case.

Lee Shalov, an attorney representing the plaintiffs, said they are disappointed by the ruling and intend to explore all options, including a possible appeal.

An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment.

Class members in the bag search case included more than 12,000 current and former employees, according to a previous ruling.

Plaintiffs Amanda Frlekin and Dean Pelle alleged that "screenings", or bag searches, designed to discourage theft, are conducted every time sales reps leave the store, including for meal breaks. Lawsuits from within Apple's ranks are rare.

In the ruling, Alsup said Apple workers can choose not to bring a bag to work, and thus would not be subjected to the delays of a search. No Apple employee filed court papers asserting a special need to bring a bag, Alsup wrote.

"Rather than prohibiting employees from bringing bags and personal Apple devices into the store altogether," Alsup wrote, "Apple took a milder approach to theft prevention and offered its employees the option to bring bags and personal Apple devices into a store subject to the condition that such items must be searched when they leave the store."

The case in U.S. District Court, Northern District of California is Amanda Frlekin et al. vs. Apple Inc., 13-cv-03451. 
2015-01-27
10 Apple Product Concepts...That Didn't Come True Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) finally unveiled the Apple Watch last September, proving once and for all that the product is real. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for a plethora of other rumored Apple products.

Let's take a look at a handful of Apple products that never came to fruition...at least not yet.

1. Large-Screen iPad

Is this long-awaited iPad -- the 12-inch device that will apparently change everything just by adding two inches to the display -- really in development?

Thus far, Apple has given no indication the iPad XL is real.

2. Indestructible Sapphire Display

This promising idea almost happened. According to The Wall Street Journal, Apple was very close to releasing an iPhone with a sapphire display last year. That plan failed when its supplier came up short and filed for bankruptcy.

Related Link: Apple's 74.5 Million iPhone Sales Provide A 'Screaming Headline,' Everything Else Is Gravy

3. Television Set

Media hype indicates that everyone wants a TV from Apple. Rumors indicated it would arrive in 2012, then 2013, and most recently 2014. The hype and hope is never-ending.

From the promise of a massive Retina Display to the belief that Apple will only release a TV when the price is right, many wanted to believe that the product is real. After waiting several years for its arrival, it might be time to move on.

4. Touch Screen MacBook Air

Apple is also rumored to be developing a 12-inch MacBook Air with a touch screen. Rumors claim that an official announcement is coming soon. Similar reports claimed the same thing in March 2014.

Related Link: What Comes After The Apple Watch? 12 Patents Provide Clues

5. iPhone Mini

Now that Apple has officially converted its devices to the large screen format, rumors of a so-called iPhone Mini have resurfaced. Early rumors indicated that it would be a pint-sized device that could be crammed into the smallest of pockets.

Now the rumor-mill simply states that the iPhone Mini will be a four-inch version of the current model.

6. Heart-Monitoring Ear Buds

This eight month-old rumor could still come true, but investors shouldn't hold their breath.

7. A Better iPad Air

Sometimes companies are so good at being visionaries that they inspire others to look well beyond their own vision. This is frequently the case with Apple.

It happened last April when modulR created a number of impressive iPad Air concepts that demonstrated how 3D gesture controls might work. Apple has a patent for that, so it's not like the idea came out of nowhere. But it definitely didn't come out last fall when the iPad Air 2 arrived.

8. Curved-Back iPhone

Curved screens are one of the latest trends, but what about a curved backside? One artist predicted that Apple would develop an iPhone with a rounded rear.

There was a degree of truth to his concept, but Apple ultimately went in another direction.

9. Apple TV With Games

Many expected Apple to release an updated Apple TV with full app support. Rumors supported that assumption, but Apple has yet to make a move in this direction.

10. Cheap iPhone

Analysts insisted it was coming. Year after year, they were wrong.

Apple did release the colorful iPhone 5C to replace the less colorful iPhone 5. That device was very expensive, however (it started at $549) and did not sell enough units to warrant a sequel. Looking back, investors might get a kick out of the reports claiming that Apple would sell a brand-new iPhone for $250.

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Apple Apple Television Apple TV iPad iPhone iPhone 5CTech General

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Why Doesn't Apple Host Public Hackathons? Hackathons are becoming quite popular among developers who are working on apps for the upcoming Apple Watch.

The device may not be out yet, but WatchKit has inspired many developers to come aboard.

At least two more community-driven Apple Watch-specific hackathons are already scheduled for 2015.

None of these events are officially produced by Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), but that might be a good thing.

"That's why it's so powerful," Global Equities Research analyst Trip Chowdhry told Benzinga. "It is self-started, self-motivated, self-propelling."

Apple does play an unofficial role in helping the events become a success, however.

"I think the reason [the hackathons are successful] is because the tools are very complete," said Chowdhry. "The tools are fully matured. The ecosystem is very mature. The programming language, Swift, is very mature. Everything is very well glued and gelled."

Related Link: Can One Hackathon Unite The World?

Apple's Absence

Unlike Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB), Apple has not made a big push to participate in public hackathons. It is not yet known if that will change in July when the world's largest hackathon, Global Hackathon Seoul, debuts in South Korea.

"I would almost be shocked if they don't [do them internally]," Sean Udall, CIO of Quantum Trading Strategies and author of The TechStrat Report, told Benzinga. "That's something that if Apple does them, they're not going to publicize them."

Internally, hackathons could be a part of everyday life for Apple employees.

"If you go back and read the working environment that Steve Jobs demanded of the software guys for years and years, it's almost like the coders at Apple were on a perpetual hackathon," Udall added.

Early Success

Whatever happens next, it's clear that the first WatchKit hackathon was a success. Numerous apps were created, including one that will tell Apple Watch users when it's about to rain. Another app hopes to make it easier to pay for things -- with the help of Apple Pay, of course.

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Apple Apple Pay Apple Watch Global Hackathon Seoul hackathons Sean UdallExclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. As Apple's Store Expansion In China Strains Recruiting, US Employees Are Asked ... As moves to fulfill its repeated promise to rapidly increase the number of retail stores in China, the initiative's recruiting limitations are starting to show Apple is asking U.S. employees to consider a relocation to China, to help fill store positions and maintain the company's high standards for customer service. The plea for applicants outside China indicates a level of urgency that overrides the complexities of sending U.S. employees abroad. And yet, despite the complexities, Sr. VP retail and online stores Angela Ahrendts says about 200 employees from the U.S. have already offered to make the trip to China, indicating that the job offers may be lucrative. (I am an Apple stockholder.)

It's taken four years for Apple to crank up the China expansion machine. As early as 2010 then-Sr. VP retail Ron Johnson pledged to increase the number of stores over a two-year period, from seven to 14. Then in 2013 CEO Tim Cook promised to double the number of stores within two years. However, construction and staffing has lagged. Only two new stores opened before Johnson's self-imposed deadline of February 2012. Five new stores opened in 2012, but only one debuted in 2013. Last year the company opened three new stores, and it's now on-track to open five new stores within the first three months of 2015. There could be 25 stores open by the end of this year, compared to 14 stores one year ago.

But all that expansion is testing the company's ability to find, recruit, hire and train employees infused with Apple's culture that promotes a high level of customer service. Ahrendts admitted as much to a Xinhua reporter during an interview about last weekend's grand opening of the West Lake (Hangzhou, China) store.

The simple solution might seem to rest with the large pool of existing retail store employees in the United States and other countries. But there are hurdles, the first of which is language. Apple's China retail stores fall mainly within a Mandarin-speaking geographic territory, But there are many local dialects within China that U.S. employees don't likely speak. As well, sending U.S. citizens abroad involves obtaining and renewing the necessary work visas, multiplied by several hundred employees.

A major factor for both the company and employees is a proper compensation package. It must take into account the sacrifices of working abroad, the exchange rate of the two currencies, income tax rates and the costs of housing. Apple might be providing a relocation and local transportation allowance, and paying for periodic visits back to the U.S., especially if the employee left behind a family.

A non-trivial consideration for employees working in China is health care benefits, including for unexpected illness or injury. But there might also be some Apple compensation for the long-term effects of living and working in cities with chronic air pollution above international standards.

Taking into account a basic salary, allowances, benefits and perquisites, Apple might be spending double what it's paying U.S. employees for the same job tasks. But in the end, paying a premium to current to U.S. employees will guarantee that Apple's brand will be faithfully duplicated in China. And that's an extremely valuable commodity that will ultimately lead to more success for Apple as it grows worldwide.

Update During today's conference call with analysts, CEO Tim Cook said the company is on-track to have 40 stores open in China by mid-2016, up from the current 15 stores. The increase represents an unprecedented rate of growth for any of Apple's current retail geographies. What a Rising Apple Inc. Dividend Could Mean for Investors Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock usually attracts a lot of attention from both investors and the media. Most eyes are typically focused on the company's product launches and massive sales figures, which are obviously very important aspects to watch. However, dividend payments from Apple can sometimes fly under the radar, and investors may want to start paying more attention to cash distributions from the company.

While Apple is not typically considered a top dividend stock, it could easily be one of the most remarkable dividend growth stories in the market over the years ahead, and this should have huge implications when it comes to returns for investors in Apple stock.

Expecting a dividend increase in April

Apple reinstated its dividend in 2012, and increased payments by 15% in 2013 and 8% in 2014. Since the company announced both dividends increases in April, chances are investors will benefit from another hike in April 2015.

Management is committed to distributing capital and listening to shareholders' needs when it comes to dividends and buybacks. CEO Tim Cook said during the company's conference call for the September quarter:

We remain firmly committed to our objective of delivering attractive returns to shareholders through both business performance and return of capital. As we said before, we review our capital allocation regularly. We have solicited feedback on our capital return program from shareholders in the past and we will continue to do so.

Apple is poised for sustained dividend growth

Willingness to distribute cash flows is always an important consideration, but the company needs to have the capability and financial strength to materialize those intentions. Fortunately for investors in Apple stock, there is little doubt that the company has what it takes to sustain dividend growth over the long term.

Apple has a truly rock-solid balance sheet, with more than $155 billion in cash and liquid investments and only $35 billion in debt, for a gargantuan net cash position of nearly $120 billion. Perhaps more important, the company generates tons of cash flows year after year, and everything seems to be indicating that 2015 will be no exception.

Apple produced over $50 billion in free cash flows through the year ended in September 2014. Dividends absorbed only $11 billion of that, while management allocated a jaw-dropping $45 billion to share buybacks. Repurchases are being a priority over dividends, but this doesn't change the fact that Apple produces enormous amounts of cash flows available for distribution, and the company has a lot of room to continue raising dividends in the future.

Wall Street analysts are on average forecasting a year-over-year sales increase of 16.5% for the fiscal year ended in September 2015, while earnings per share are forecast to increase by 21.5% on the back of healthy profit margins and a reduced share count.

These kinds of forecasts are always subject to errors and revisions, so they should be taken with a grain of salt. However, chances are Apple will deliver a material increase in cash flows during the coming year, since the company is already in a very comfortable financial position. Thus investors in Apple stock have strong reasons to expect growing dividends from the company in 2015 and beyond.

Why you should invest in dividend growth stocks

Apple stock is currently playing a modest dividend yield of 1.7%. Even if the company announces a big dividend hike in 2015, dividend yield would hardly be a compelling reason to invest in Apple. However, there is much more to dividend investing than yield. It's remarkably important to keep in mind that dividend growth can be a powerful return driver for investors.

Companies with consistent dividend growth tend to outperform the market over the long term. According to data from a research report by Goldman Sachs, a $100 position in companies raising their dividends on an annual basis would have turned to $4,169 from 1972 to 2013. The same amount of money invested in the S&P 500 Index would have turned to a considerably smaller $1,622 over that period.

Dividends don't only provide income to investors, they also say a lot about a company's fundamental quality and financial strength, and this has some big implications on a total return basis. Apple is on track to delivering substantial dividend growth in 2015 and beyond, and this is a major positive for investors in Apple stock. Apple's Whisper Number Showing Confidence The whisper number has been more accurate than analysts estimates in 77% of earnings reported since 1998.

Apple has a 70% positive surprise history (having topped the whisper in 46 of the 66 earnings reports for which we have data).

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reports earnings after the bell. The whisper number is $2.66, seven cents ahead of the analysts' estimate and showing confidence from the WhisperNumber community. Whispers range from a low of $2.60 to a high of $2.75. Apple has a 70% positive surprise history (having topped the whisper in 46 of the 66 earnings reports for which we have data).

Earnings history:

- Beat whisper: 45 qtrs

- Met whisper: 3 qtrs

- Missed whisper: 18 qtrs

The whisper number has been more accurate than analysts estimates in 77% of earnings reported since 1998. Over the past two quarters, the whisper number expectation has been spot on with the actual reported earnings.

Our primary focus is on post-earnings price movement. Knowing how likely a stock's price will move following an earnings report can help you determine the best action to take (long or short). In other words, we analyze what happens when the company beats or misses the whisper number expectation.

The table below indicates the average post earnings price movement within a one and thirty trading day time frame:

The strongest price movement of +4.0% comes within thirty trading days when the company reports earnings that beat the whisper number, and +8.6% within thirty trading days when the company reports earnings that miss the whisper number. While the strongest price moves are positive, the overall average post earnings price move (through ten trading days) is 'opposite' (beat the whisper number and see weakness, miss and see strength) when the company reports earnings.

The table below indicates the most recent earnings reports and short-term price reaction:

Apple has reported earnings ahead of the whisper number in one of the past four quarters with a whisper number. In the comparable quarter last year, the company reported earnings seventeen cents short of the whisper number. Following that report, AAPL realized a 1.6% loss in five trading days. Last quarter Apple reported earnings in line with the whisper number. Following that report, the stock realized a 14.2% gain in thirty trading days. Overall, historical data indicates the company to be (on average within thirty trading days) a 'positive' price reactor through thirty trading days when the company reports earnings, but an 'opposite' price reactor through ten trading days.

Enter your expectation and view more earnings information here, or let us know your expectation in the comments section below.

Since 1998, WhisperNumber.com has been tracking and publishing crowd-sourced estimates for earnings. We call these earnings expectations whisper numbers. Our whisper numbers are gained from individual investors and traders just like you that have registered with our site. WhisperNumber is completely open and free for anyone to contribute. While the whisper number itself is an important part of our analysis, a company's 'price reaction' to beating or missing the whisper number expectation is the key. On average, companies that exceed the whisper are 'rewarded', while companies that miss are 'punished' following an earnings report. Trading on whispers is a technical play on market psychology, rather than a bet on a company's fundamental strengths. To start receiving trade alerts click here.

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-03-21
Apple Inc Campus 2 Spaceship Ring tops out cafeteria segment (video) Exclusive

The grand, expansive dining area portal of the center "Spaceship" Ring in Apple's Campus 2 mega-project has reached its ceiling, with a steel structure now only barely visible over the construction barrier from the street, but clearly discernible from the air.





Apple Campus 2 Gates, from the street

The current view from the north (above) shows just the tip of roof from the street. From higher up, you better can see the progress of the structure, which was just beginning to rise in February and is now topped out. A higher quality version of the video is on Vimeo



Apple Campus 2 Gates, from the sky

Void slab construction

Views from the south, model up close

Also visible in and around the "Spaceship" Ring are concrete void slabs used to build an interlocking foundation and wall structure, which "serve as both the ceiling of one floor and support for the raised surface of the floor above," Apple has stated. The slabs are now building the first and second floors of the structure.Emphasizing the results of working with diverse, local suppliers, Apple details on its jobs website that the concrete void slabs for Campus 2 were sourced from the family-owned firm Clark Pacific. To build the slabs, Clark Pacific was said to have "developed a unique structural design to meet the demands of Apple Campus 2."Apple also says that Clark Pacific "now has four plants dedicated to producing products directly related to the [Campus 2] project," and has hired new workers to rapidly expand its operations."The innovation and manufacturing that went into Apple Campus 2 have also enabled Clark Pacific to expand to other large-scale construction projects up and down the West Coast," Apple stated.Apple's web site states, "We have approached this [Campus 2 construction] project with the same care and attention to detail we devote to designing any Apple product. We will replace 2.65 million square feet of environmentally and operationally obsolete buildings with a 2.8-million-square-foot iconic, 21st-century research and development campus." previous tour of the Campus 2 construction site last week detailed progress from the southern side (below).

Expected occupation by the end of next year

A model of the project (above), photographed by San Jose Mercury News depicts the initial steel structure as supporting an large open dining room area with ceilings tall enough to accommodate large trees, surrounded by a curtain of glass.Granted final approval just a year and a half ago, Apple's Campus 2 project is rapidly moving toward its occupancy goal of 2016.Apple's cofounder Steve Jobs unveiled the huge project in 2011, noting that the central 2.8-million-square-foot "Spaceship" structure would house at least 12,000 employees, surrounded by bucolic landscaping including orchards of fruit trees and other greenery, featuring open space and walking paths to reclaim most of the 150-acre plot previously covered by asphalt parking lots.See previous coverage on AppleInsider of Apple Campus 2 and the current Infinite Loop headquarters, or our other articles on drones . Viewers interested in the DJI Phantom 2 Vision+ drone can read more about the device or pick one up here : Article was updated after publication to clarify that the visible steel structure supports a Campus 2 cafeteria and dining area, rather than simple entry. 
2015-03-27
Why Apple Inc feels the need to defend Steve Jobs The normally unforthcoming executives at Apple have been praising a new book about Steve Jobs in recent days, using the opportunity to also diss Walter Isaacson s three-and-a-half-year-old biography of their former boss as an unfair portrayal.

Apple s Tim Cook offered Steve Jobs his liver to save his life, but he refused:  I ll never let you do that 

Apple CEO Tim Cook offered to donate a portion of his liver to Steve Jobs when he was in need of a donor, Brent Schlender and Rick Tetzeli report in their book  Becoming Steve Jobs: The Revolution of a Reckless Upstart Into A Visionary Leader.  Continue reading.

As if Steve Jobs needed defending.

Apple s co-founder, saviour, and mega-star knew what he was getting into when he asked Isaacson to tell his story. By the time Isaacson agreed to take the case in 2009   Jobs had already asked multiple times, the author has said   the former editor of Time magazine had established himself as a critically and commercially acclaimed biographer. Jobs, who was already well into his losing battle with pancreatic cancer, surely knew Isaacson would delve into his darker sides. After all, Isaacson hadn t steered clear of Benjamin Franklin s extramarital activities, or Albert Einstein s imperious side, in previous books. We learn, for example, in the Einstein biography that the physicist once wrote to his wife requiring her to  stop talking to me if I request it. 

In a Q&A on Amazon.com, posted soon after the release of Steve Jobs, Isaacson said that Jobs  urged me not just to hear his version, but to interview as many people as possible. It was one of his odd contradictions: he could distort reality, yet he was also brutally honest most of the time. He impressed upon me the value of honesty, rather than trying to whitewash things. 

 Steve knew that Walter was a credible biographer and that he d get to the truth and that s precisely why Steve chose him,  says Andy Cunningham, a consultant who was Jobs s public relations handler during his early years at Apple and at his second startup, NeXT Computer.  I don t think Steve ever denied his faults. He knew what kind of person he was. 

To a great extent, so did everyone else. It has been reported many times that soon after co-founding Apple, Jobs lied about the paternity of his eldest daughter Lisa, claiming in court documents that he couldn t be the father because he was infertile. (He later accepted responsibility, and she spent much of her childhood living with Jobs). There were countless stories of his poor treatment of employees during his early years at Apple, as well as the public humiliation of his ouster from the company in 1985. Add to the list Jobs s participation in the backdating of stock options more than a decade ago, which turned out to be far more onerous than backdating by executives at other companies who were forced to resign or even sent to prison.

By then, Jobs s skin was plenty tough. Cunningham says that while she worked for him, he never complained, not even privately, about any of the Apple books that came out at the time, including former Apple Chief Executive Officer John Sculley s Odyssey. Sculley s co-author, former BusinessWeek editor John Byrne, confirmed that Jobs  behaved as though the book never existed  and never commented on it publicly. Ironically, the most incisive and incriminating portrayal of Jobs, who was adopted, was surely in A Regular Guy, a 1997 novel by his biological sister. Mona Simpson has never spelled out how much the main character   a dashing, famous, young tech entrepreneur from Palo Alto, Calif., with an illegitimate daughter and strange dietary habits   was based on Jobs, but it was enough that she ran the manuscript by Lisa Brennan   Jobs to make sure it accurately depicted her relationship with her father. Nevertheless, Simpson and Jobs became extremely close, and she was among those who were with him when he died.

Jobs s wife, Laurene Powell Jobs, told Isaacson when he first began working on the book,  Be honest with his failings as well as his strengths,  according to 60 Minutes.  I d like to see that it s all told truthfully. 

No doubt, Jobs was far more protective of Apple s reputation than he was of his own. He could be surprisingly accessible for off-the-record phone calls, especially when Apple was still on the comeback trail and needed all the help it could get. But he was just as famous among reporters for suddenly cutting off access for some minor offence when it came to his company. (He certainly didn t appreciate a story I wrote about  Antennagate  in 2010, which he publicly called  a total crock  during a press conference to address complaints about the iPhone 4 s calling performance; Fortunately for me, he didn t hold that grudge for long.)

When Jobs did complain about coverage of him, he usually didn t do it in print. In 2005, he banned all books by publisher John Wiley & Sons from Apple s stores in advance of its publication of the book, iCon Steve Jobs: The Greatest Second Act in the History of Business. During the backdating scandal, he did speak anonymously with reporters; even then the context was less about his concerns for his reputation and more about the high legal and business stakes   including the possibility that he d be forced to resign if found guilty.

So why the sudden push by Apple and its executives to criticize the Isaacson book while praising the latest biography, Becoming Steve Jobs by Brent Schlender and Rick Tetzeli? CEO Tim Cook is quoted in the book as saying that Isaacson  failed to capture the person.  Senior Vice President Eddy Cue expressed the same sentiment via Twitter, as did design chief Jony Ive in a speech last year.

Best portrayal is about to be released   Becoming Steve Jobs (book). Well done and first to get it right.   Eddy Cue (@cue) March 16, 2015

From a business perspective, it makes no sense to be picking this fight just weeks before the launch of the Apple Watch in April, says Bob Borchers, a former iPhone marketing executive who is now chief marketing officer for Dolby Labs. Because it was designed almost entirely after Jobs s death in 2011,  the Watch is considered by most people Tim s first product, so it would be counterproductive to bring the Steve story back into the fold. 

Related

The PR offensive is  purely an emotional issue, not a business issue,  says marketing consultant Regis McKenna, a longtime friend of Jobs who worked closely with him in the 1970s and early  80s. While Isaacson s book was almost universally considered far more positive than negative, he understands why Cook, Cue, and Ive felt so strongly about it having fallen short of their expectations. Call it an artifact of the perfectionism Jobs demanded for Apple s products, he says. The executives  all take it personally, because they are all a reflection of Steve,  he says.

Those executives may well see this as their last, best chance to influence how Jobs is perceived in the future. While they probably had little choice than to talk to Isaacson   he was Jobs s hand-picked biographer, after all   they agreed to speak to Schlender and Tetzeli after Jobs had died. Schlender, in particular, was a familiar and friendly face. He s an artful writer who has covered Apple for more than 20 years.

 This is now the Apple-authorized biography,  says Borchers.  It s the book that everyone is going to rally behind as the one true story, because people close to Steve felt the Isaacson book didn t reflect the Steve they knew. There s a desire to have the last word be one that was positive and truly represented who they felt he was. 

Apple declined to comment and didn t make Powell Jobs or any of the executives available for an interview.

There s another possible explanation, says Cunningham. Maybe the sudden offensive against Isaacson s book isn t about the book at all, but about the movie due out in October that s based on that book. That s right smack in the middle of the annual migration of shoppers to Apple stores for the newest iPhone.

There are two potential causes for concern for Apple, said Cunningham. First, the movie will deal with three relatively ancient events: the introductions of the Mac in 1984, the NeXT workstation in 1988, and the iMac in 1998. It will be harder for Apple to control a narrative that happened long ago, when the company was so different. Cook joined Apple just a few months before that iMac event. Both Ive and Cue figured hugely in the day s announcements; Ive oversaw the design of the iMac, and Cue pulled off a hugely successful remake of Apple s online store, also announced that day. But neither of them played a prominent role in the keynote; they won t in the movie, either, judging from Universal Studio s press release.

Instead, many of the characters with sizable roles are people who had a decidedly mixed relationship with Jobs. One is Chrisann Brennan, Jobs s one-time girlfriend, mother of Lisa, and author of a painfully personal, recent book about her relationship with him. Then there s Avie Tevanian, the software genius behind Apple s MacOS who grew tired of Jobs s refusal to share more limelight with him in the years before he left in 2006. Oh, and Sculley, who fired Jobs.

Cunningham will also be one of the major characters, she tells me during a phone interview. As with many of Isaacson s sources, she was interviewed by scriptwriter Aaron Sorkin at the Palo Alto Four Seasons hotel a few years ago, and last year she was contacted by the actress who will be portraying her, Sarah Snook.

Cunningham says she greatly admired Jobs that working with him was  a great gift.  She was his closest public relations handler during the 1984 launch, still broadly considered by many as the best keynote in tech history. She says that for people who understood and were motivated by Jobs s singular approach to putting  a dent in the universe,  his barbs and insults were the price of admission. Although he fired her seven times, she says,  he changed my life.  Still, she was on hand for some of Jobs s most classic enfant terrible moments, and she hasn t been afraid to retell them.

 Maybe Apple doesn t like what s happening with the movie,  she says. A Samsung Group Foldable Phone Shouldn't Scare Apple Inc. Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), which recently launched curved smartphones like the Galaxy Note Edge and Galaxy S6 Edge, could unveil foldable smartphones by 2016, according to Business Korea. However, Samsung promised the same thing last year, claiming that it would launch foldable phones by 2015.

Why is Samsung fascinated with curved screens and foldable phones, and can these devices actually widen its defensive moat against Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and cheaper Android rivals like Xiaomi?

Samsung's dire situation

Samsung's global smartphone market share slipped from 29% to 20% between the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2014, according to IDC. Last quarter, Samsung's mobile profits plunged 64% year-over-year.

Samsung is stuck between a rock and a hard place. Apple negated its big-screen advantage with the iPhone 6, while low-margin rivals undercut its flagship Galaxy devices with powerful but cheap Android devices. Samsung continued launching a wide variety of phones at all price tiers, but it still sold fewer smartphones worldwide than Apple during the fourth quarter.

To diversify away from smartphones, Samsung launched six smartwatches in less than two years to expand into the wearables market. It also launched a VR headset with Facebook's Oculus VR, expanded its presence in smart home devices, and installed Tizen, its own OS, across smartwatches, smart TVs, and a smartphone.

Betting big on bending screens

In the smartphone market, Samsung looked for a way to get ahead of Apple again, as it did with big-screen phones like the Galaxy S3, the top-selling smartphone of 2012.

Samsung's solution was to tap into the bending AMOLED displays which it had been developing for years. That experiment produced curved devices like the concave Galaxy Round, the Galaxy Note Edge, and the three-sided Galaxy S6 Edge. It also applied the same screen-bending technology to its new curved TVs. Fully foldable smartphones would seem like a logical next step.

Samsung isn't the only company to adopt this strategy. Its South Korean rival LG, which was overtaken by Xiaomi as the world's fifth-largest smartphone maker in 2014, has also launched several curved smartphones and TVs.

Why Samsung's foldable phones won't arrive in 2016

Samsung might believe that it can launch a foldable smartphone by next year, but there are some major problems with that plan.

Although Samsung has developed foldable displays, other smartphone components -- like the mainboard, camera, and battery -- certainly aren't as flexible. Therefore, a foldable smartphone would still need to contain unfoldable parts.

Another issue is the price. Curved screens are pretty, but they're pricey. Samsung's 32GB Note Edge initially cost $1,130 unlocked. The 64GB S6 Edge will reportedly cost about the same. By comparison, an unlocked iPhone 6 Plus costs between $749 (16GB) and $949 (128GB). Therefore, Samsung's curved devices depart from its standard strategy of selling flagship devices at slightly lower prices than Apple. Fully foldable phones would likely cost much more.

Lastly, Samsung might be developing products for a non-existent market. Just as with TVs, Samsung will have a tough time convincing consumers that an expensive foldable smartphone is anything more than a gimmick.

More realistic applications

A foldable phone definitely wouldn't be the silver bullet Samsung needs to shoot Apple with, but foldable displays have other noteworthy applications.

Samsung could enhance its smartwatches with full wraparound displays, which could make the Apple Watch look dated. Samsung could use those flexible touchscreens on smart appliances like microwaves, refrigerators, and washers, which it intends to connect to its smart home network via Tizen and its new SmartThings hub.

Foldable smartphones, however, probably won't arrive until after foldable screens appear in mainstream ultramobile laptops, hybrids, or tablets.

Samsung's future doesn't depend on gimmicks

Samsung's scattergun strategies and gimmicks loom large in tech headlines, but its mobile business can't recover if it doesn't address the core problems.

Samsung has to match the prices of low-end rivals like Xiaomi in China and Micromax in India. Like Microsoft, it needs to link the feature phone and smartphone ecosystems to encourage users to upgrade to Samsung smartphones. To offset lower margins, it needs to imitate Xiaomi and reduce its marketing budget by relying more on e-commerce partners than brick-and-mortar ones across Asia.

Lastly, Samsung should avoid launching pricier phones than Apple, since it arguably lacks the latter's high-end appeal. That's a tough balancing act to pull off, which could be disrupted by pricey curved and foldable screens. 
2015-10-26
Apple Inc. Moves Deeper Into This High-Growth Smartphone Market It's been a rough few months for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL).

As concerns mounted over critical growth drivers, especially China, investors have dumped Apple shares, fearing that the tailwinds from the massive iPhone upgrade could stall in the coming quarters. Such concerns fall well short of observable data, however, and Apple is already laying the foundation for its next great growth market.

In the coming weeks, Apple will open a series of new retail locations in India, marking its first officially branded presence in this budding smartphone market. Here's what investors need to know.

Apple doubles down on India

For a number of reasons, Apple has struggled to establish a meaningful presence in India. The company simply hasn't prioritized India as a key emerging market, focusing its growth efforts in places such as China instead, but it's also come up against Indian government policy, which prohibits foreign companies from establishing their own wholly owned retail outlets. That's created a barrier to entry for the Mac maker.

Initially, Apple dealt with the obstacle by creating distribution partnerships with several of India's largest electronics retailers, attempting to expand its presence as India's premium phone market slowly gained volume. However, such third-party retail partners have failed to provide the same kind of customer experience and after-sale support that helped Apple create one of the most powerful retail models in all of business. For a company so laser-focused on the customer experience as a hallmark of its aspirational brand, these arrangements have left much to be desired.

To overcome these challenges, Apple is reportedly less than a month away from opening six "store within a store" concepts across Mumbai and Bangalore. According to reports, these new Apple outposts will resemble their American counterparts at big-box U.S. retailers including Best Buy and Target. To take this step, Apple will partner with Croma stores, a subsidiary of Indian industrial giant Tata, to serve as the Indian-based operator of its new mini-stores. These stores will incorporate many of the defining elements of Apple's retail outlets, including their wooden table layouts, lighting elements, and Apple employees working the floor. And although too small to have a meaningful impact on Apple's financial results, this move is undoubtedly the right call for Apple.

Patience is a virtue

Although this is an exciting step, the Indian growth strategy will require plenty of patience. Aside from the often confounding business environment, the Indian smartphone market itself is in its early stages. For the 2014 calendar year, the Indian smartphone market saw just 81 million total shipments, by one analyst's reckoning. In contrast, Apple sold nearly 170 million iPhones globally last year. However, with an Indian population of over 1.2 billion, creating a presence in the subcontinent is an imperative long-term growth objective for Apple. The long-term economic growth story is too compelling to ignore.

Throughout all of 2015, the market for premium smartphones such as Apple is expected to reach roughly 8 million shipments. That may not sound like much, but consider that in its FY '15 Q3 earnings report, Apple mentioned that sales in India increased by 93%, versus 87% in China.

The Indian smartphone market is fragmented, with Asian smartphone makers such as Micromax and Samsung enjoying outsized popularity. Emerging brands such as China's Xiaomi are also targeting India for many of the same reasons as Apple. However, as we've seen in China, Apple has been able to create incredibly profitable franchises even as it remains a small supplier within these massive smartphone markets. So while Apple's India operations will remain well behind those of other growth engines such as China for years to come, the company's moves also position it to capitalize on India's coming smartphone boom, and that's good news for a company in need of all the growth drivers it can find. Apple Watch: Putting A Dent In The Swiss Watch Industry  Analysts Shine Light On Two Tech Giants: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Microsoft ... Analysts are weighing in on the technology giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and software giant Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT), offering compelling reasons for their ratings and summarizing expectations.

Apple Inc.

Shares of Apple closed down more than 3 percent Monday, after one of the company s primary chip providers, Dialog Semiconductor, reported preliminary earnings and guidance that missed expectations.

BMO Capital analyst Keith Bachman believes that it is difficult to correlate any one supplier to Apple s results, given potential changes in inventory levels and share of a supplier to Apple. However, the analyst admits that he does have concerns that consensus estimates for the December quarter appear too high.

Bachman noted,  While we don t have visibility into our competitors  models, we suspect that more aggressive iPhone estimates are a key driver of variance between our estimates and consensus. We project 47.3 million iPhone units in the September quarter, and total revenues of $51.0 billion and EPS of $1.89, roughly in line with consensus. However, for the December quarter, we project 72.5 million iPhone units and revenues of $73.6 billion. 

 We believe that Apple could guide revenues below consensus for the December quarter, by more than 2%. We believe that Apple will want to manage expectations not only for the December quarter but also the March 2016 quarter,  the analyst continued.

Bachman reiterated an Outperform rating on Apple shares, with a price target of $145, which represents a potential upside of 26% from where the stock is currently trading.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Keith Bachman has a total average return of 19.8% and a 64.4% success rate. Bachman has a 32.4% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #42 out of 3801 analysts.

Out of the 50 analysts polled by TipRanks, 35 rate Apple stock a Buy, 13 rate the stock a Hold and 2 a recommend Sell. With a return potential of 29%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $148.21.

Microsoft Corporation

FBR Capital analyst Daniel Ives reiterated an Outperform rating on shares of Microsoft, and raised the price target $60 (from $53), after the company delivered solid F1Q16 results that beat on both top and bottom line expectations. Microsoft Stock gained more than 10% after earnings release, while adding 2.61% today.

Ives wrote,  With many of the mature tech stalwarts (Oracle, Cisco, HPQ, IBM) on the  innovation treadmill,  Satya Nadella has instead helped navigate Microsoft toward the cloud quicker and more successfully than its peers, and it clearly was on display for all to see this quarter. Even more impressive than the top-line beat was the stronger-than-expected margin/free cash flow performance, which speaks to Microsoft s ability to be a leaner technology giant going forward as it embarks on its next stage of cloud transformation with Windows 10. 

 With Windows 10 strong out of the gates and Microsoft posting a major inflection point quarter last night, we believe the Street is now starting to realize that the renaissance of cloud growth in Redmond is starting to take hold,  the analyst added.

According to TipRanks.com, Ives has a total average return of 5.1% and a 55.8% success rate. Ives has a 12.3% average return when recommending MSFT, and is ranked #618 out of 3801 analysts.

Out of the 21 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 15 rate Microsoft stock a Buy, 5 rate the stock a Hold and 3 recommend a Sell. With a downside potential of 0.11%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $54.19. Apple Hires Deep-Learning Expert, Patents iPhone Screen Protector & More ... Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) have lost more than 8 percent over the past six months as investors may be losing confidence in its ability to demonstrate sustained growth.

(NASDAQ: AAPL) have lost more than 8 percent over the past six months as investors may be losing confidence in its ability to demonstrate sustained growth. Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank highlighted several new developments that may be of interest to investors.

Several of the new developments include the hiring of a deep-learning expert and the filing for a patent application.

In a report published Sunday, Sherri Scribner of Deutsche Bank highlighted recent Apple news stories over the past week that investors should be aware of.

Class Action Lawsuit Filed

Two plaintiffs filled a class-action lawsuit against Apple over its WiFi Assist technology. The feature was turned on by default after users upgraded to iOS 9 and automatically switches over to cellular data when it experiences a weak WiFi signal, which resulted in a large increase in their cellular costs.

Apple Hires Deep-Learning Expert

Apple has hired Jonathan Cohen, Nvidia's director of machine learning, according to a report by Re/code. Deep learning is used for Siri and mapping, but Apple may have other plans for the expert.

Related Link: Are Apple iPhone Estimates Too High?

Scribner cited the Re/code report which said that Cohen has experience in self-driving cars at Nvidia. The executive's experience includes working on automotive computer vision solutions, including Nvidia's DRIVE PX technology.

The analyst suggested that the hire "further validates" speculation that Apple is "actively working on something in the automotive area."

Apple Files For A New Patent

Apple submitted a new patent application with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. The patent was filed under the name "Active screen protection for electronic device.

Scribner, citing an Apple Insider report, stated that the new patent application "describes a series of retractable protector tabs positioned on the front of n iPhone, which are made of plastics, polymers, and thin metals, that are activated when an iPhone detects a drop."

Apple Music Boasts 15 Million Users

Apple CEO Tim Cook said during a Wall Street Journal event that Apple Music boasts 15 million users, 6.5 million of which are active paying subscribers. Scribner stated that Apple Music's user base is "solid" for a new service even though it trails Spotify's 75 million user base, of which 20 million are paid subscribers.

The analyst added that the key challenge moving forward for Apple is converting more of its non-paying users into paying customers.

Related Link: FBR's Dan Ives Believes Apple Music Is 'Off To A Solid Start'

Apple Updates On Privacy

Apple told a federal court judge that it does not have the ability to access data on any mobile device that is running iOS 8 or higher. However, the company does have access to certain categories of files that are stored on devices running iOS 7 and older.

The announcement follows a request by the Justice Department, which requested Apple's assistance in gaining access to a particular iPhone device that is running iOS 7. The request is related to an undisclosed investigation to which Apple denied the request, stating that by doing so it could "threaten the trust between Apple and its customers and substantially tarnish the Apple brand."

However, a court order may force Apple to assist the Justice Department.

Apple Expands Solar Projects In China

Apple announced it plans on building a new solar energy project in China to lower its carbon footprint. The new project is expected to produce in excess of 200 megawatts of clean energy and will eliminate 20 million metric tons of pollution over the next five years.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Apple Car Apple Music Apple Patent CupertinoAnalyst Color News Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-06-04
Mark Your Calendar: Apple Inc.'s Big Event Is Next Week On Monday, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) annual Worldwide Developer's Conference, or WWDC, begins. As is the tradition, Apple will kick off the conference with a keynote to announce its latest versions of iOS and OS X -- and possibly a few other surprises. Here's a preview of what could (and could not) go down during Apple's San Francisco event.

Apple TV? Apparently not

While Apple never explicitly stated it planned to launch a new version of its Apple TV during its event next week, it might as well have. The art for the event announcement teases, "The epicenter of change," and the middle shape in the design perfectly resembles the shape of an Apple TV (Apple's set top box is square, with rounded corners).

Earlier this year, during the Apple Watch event in March, Apple reduced the prices for its current Apple TV from $99 to $69. Was this a friendly move to reduce buyer's remorse for those who purchase an Apple TV shortly before a major refresh?

But an Apple TV announcement for next week has been shelved, according to The New York Times.

The company planned as recently as mid-May to use the event to spotlight new Apple TV hardware, but those plans were postponed partly because the product was not ready for prime time, according to two people briefed on the product.

The news of Apple's reported decision to not unveil a revamped version of Apple TV on Monday comes a few days after rumors of a new Apple TV television service were squashed.

Until Monday, it was also believed Apple would announce a bundled, online television service. But Re/code asserted the service will not be announced. The service has reportedly been "bogged down by negotiations over financial terms and new technology that would be required for broadcasters to deliver local programming to Apple's Web TV service."

If, for some reason, The New York Times is wrong and the Apple TV does make the spotlight, there are big expectations. Rumors were that Apple would debut a new remote control with a touch pad, a third-party app store, and a software developer kit for Apple TV developers.

iOS and OS X

While few reports or leaks regarding Apple's WWDC plans have something to say about the next versions of iOS and OS X, it's likely the tech giant will announce major updates for both operating systems. Not only does Apple traditionally announce new versions of both operating systems during WWDC, but the WWDC 2015 information on the company's website specifically states, "Apple's renowned developer community will come together at WWDC to learn about the future of iOS and OS X."

After all, what is a developer's conference without new software?

A revamped streaming music service?

Apple wants a greater piece of the growing streaming music business. The tech giant tried to snap up a meaningful portion of this market with iTunes Radio. And Apple further displayed the seriousness of its intentions to get into this business when it acquired Beats, along with its music service Beats Music. But, if rumors are true, next week Apple will make its biggest move yet in building a streaming music service.

On Monday, WSJ shared details of the upcoming service, citing "people familiar with the plan":

Apple is expected to offer unlimited on-demand streaming for $10 a month, as Spotify does. ... Unlike Spotify, Apple won't let listeners stream its entire music catalog on demand free of charge. But it plans to augment its free, ad-supported Internet radio service with channels programmed and hosted by human DJs.

A toolkit for watch developers

Apple will reveal new tools for developers building apps for Apple Watch, according the same Wednesday report from The New York Times asserting there will be no Apple TV unveil. Some of the tools will reportedly focus on giving developers deeper access to sensors and components, such as the heart-rate and motion sensors.

Given the narrow product and service portfolio in Apple's business relative to the company's $200 plus billion in annual sales, it will probably be worth Apple investors' time to check in on the announcements Apple makes during the event.

Apple will stream its WWDC 2015 keynote live next Monday on its website. The keynote is scheduled to begin at 10:00 a.m. PT. 
2015-04-13
Apple Inc. to Acquire ARM Holdings plc? Not a Chance There have been many acquisitions in the semiconductor industry lately, which naturally leads to investor speculation about what deals might happen next. Recently, The Wall Street Journal reported that Intel was in talks to acquire Altera, a major vendor of programmable logic devices.

Now there's a new rumor that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) might acquire British processor IP vendor ARM Holdings (NASDAQ:ARMH). This, in my view, is extremely unlikely -- and frankly, borderline nonsensical. Let's dig deeper.

What does Apple need with ARM?

ARM Holdings develops a wide range of semiconductor intellectual property, including processor instruction sets, CPU core designs, graphics processors, and physical IP. Its chips go into many different applications, the most prominent of which are mobile devices such as smartphones and tablets.

Apple is an ARM licensee; it licenses the latest ARM instruction sets and designs its own CPU cores around those instruction sets. Apple currently licenses graphics processors from ARM rival Imagination Technologies (NASDAQOTH:IGNMF).

Apple already gets what it needs from ARM. By the very nature of their business relationship, Apple can simply license any technology of interest that ARM develops. It's hard to see what Apple would get by shelling out the big bucks to acquire the company.

Apple would literally destroy ARM's value

ARM's revenue base comes from licensing intellectual property to many different semiconductor companies and collecting royalties from each chip its partners sell. ARM doesn't make much per chip, but because its partners ship so many units, those per-chip royalties add up.

If Apple acquired ARM, I find it difficult to believe Apple would do so with the intention of having ARM continue to develop and license intellectual property to the wide range of companies it currently serves, which include many of Apple's direct and indirect competitors.

This would mean that ARM's revenue stream, once under Apple's control, could dry up.

Furthermore, one of the ARM ecosystem's strengths is that the company's instruction sets are used widely. This means the industry is replete with engineers who understand ARM chip development and, perhaps more importantly, develop software and tools for the ARM instruction set. I believe taking away that scale by making it proprietary would defeat the very point of ARM's existence.

Apple could do what buying ARM would achieve organically

The one argument I could see for Apple buying ARM -- and this one is a stretch -- is to take complete control over the development of the ARM instruction set going forward. It's hard to see the business case for this, particularly given that Apple can (and likely does) collaborate with ARM to define future versions of that instruction set.

However, if Apple really wanted to take instruction set development in-house, it could conceivably develop one of its own and do a software transition from ARM to the proprietary Apple instruction set. Alternatively, Apple could spend a fraction of what it would on ARM and buy Imagination Technologies. Imagination owns the MIPS instruction set, which is a direct competitor to the ARM instruction set. InvenSense Inc. Said to Be Inside the Apple Inc. Watch InvenSense (NYSE:INVN) may have won the motion sensor spot inside of the recently announced Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) Watch, according to Chipworks' Dick James in an article dated April 10. James bases this on a hint from a business contact, coupled with his analysis of an image that Apple showed at its September 2014 event.

It's reportedly the same chip as found in the iPhone 6/6 Plus

According to James' post, the motion sensing chip that he thinks is inside of the Apple Watch is the same six-axis InvenSense MPU-6700 chip found inside of the iPhone. The MPU-6700, according to Chipworks, is similar to the MPU-6500 that InvenSense advertises on its website.

This chip, per the InvenSense page, is made up of a three-axis accelerometer, a three-axis gyroscope, and an "onboard Digital Motion Processor." It makes sense that Apple would want to use a relative high-end, six-axis motion sensor given that a significant part of the Apple Watch's advertised functionality -- such as health and fitness tracking -- is dependent on the quality of the gyroscope and accelerometer.

What does this mean for InvenSense?

If it turns out that InvenSense is, in fact, inside of the Apple Watch, then that's clearly good for InvenSense's top and bottom lines. From InvenSense's perspective, each Apple Watch sale is likely financially similar to each iPhone 6/6 Plus sale.

That said, there are two questions worth asking. First, what kinds of Apple Watch unit sales are investors expecting? Next, to what extent are those expectations baked into InvenSense's shares?

If the expectations were/are modest, and strong Apple Watch sales drive upside revenue/profit surprises for InvenSense, then this win could help push the stock up considerably. If expectations were already great, then there's -- ironically enough -- risk to the stock at current levels if Apple Watch sales aren't as robust as people were expecting.

Taking a Foolish view

Forgetting the short term and taking more Foolish long-term view, I think that this potential Apple Watch win -- if it's true -- would be yet another win among what seems to be large portfolio of wins. Foolish colleague Nathan Hamilton actually went to the International Consumer Electronics Show, and there he was told that InvenSense "has 100% of the design wins in current smartwatches on the market."

At the time, the Apple Watch was not yet in the market, but the fact that InvenSense had been able to secure all of those designs was probably the validation of InvenSense's technology for wearables. However, none of those designs is likely going to have the impact on InvenSense's top and bottom lines like the Apple Watch could.

In other words, winning the Apple Watch wouldn't necessarily serve as validation of the quality of InvenSense's wearable-oriented technology -- the other smartwatch wins have arguably established that. What winning the Apple Watch could mean, though, is that InvenSense's smartwatch-oriented chip sales could see a dramatic boost.

Whether smartwatches like the Apple Watch will truly be the "next big thing" as some people hope remains to be seen. If that turns out to be the case, though, InvenSense seems to be well positioned to capitalize on that trend over the long term. 
2015-07-06
Apple Inc and Samsung's New Partnership Might Hurt Suppliers Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) might provide some NAND flash memory chips for Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next two iPhones -- presumably called the iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus -- when they launch in September. The Korea Times reports that although negotiations regarding pricing and guaranteed shipments were under way, no formal agreement had been signed yet.

If that deal occurs, it could deal a major blow to Toshiba, SK Hynix, and SanDisk (NASDAQ:SNDK), the top three suppliers of flash memory chips for the current iPhone 6 models. Toshiba supplies 50% of those chips, SK Hynix handles 30%, and Sandisk provides 20%.

Why is Apple teaming up with Samsung?

Although Apple and Samsung are fierce rivals in the smartphone market, the former is also the latter's top customer for components like application processors. Between 2010 and 2013, Samsung's annual component sales to Apple more than doubled from $6 billion to $13 billion, according to Morgan Stanley estimates.

After patent litigation battles erupted between the two companies, Apple tried to decrease its dependence on Samsung chips by offering to buy a stake in TSMC (NYSE:TSM), the largest independent chip foundry in the world, in 2011. However, TSMC refused Apple's offer, stating that it preferred to maintain its independence.

Last August, Apple and Samsung decided to drop their non-U.S. patent lawsuits against each other, and their relationship warmed up again. Apple realized that no other manufacturer knew its components as well as Samsung, and Samsung needed Apple's orders to support its device solutions (DS) business, which accounted for 36% of its top line last quarter.

That's why Samsung set aside a team of about 200 employees to develop screens for Apple's iPads and MacBooks in April, and plans to manufacture most of Apple's upcoming A9 application processors for its next-generation iPhones. Samsung also manufactured the application processor for the Apple Watch.

A return to flash memory

Samsung previously manufactured flash memory and RAM chips for Apple's iPhone 4 and 4S alongside other suppliers. However, Apple completely stopped using Samsung flash and RAM chips with the iPhone 5 in 2012, presumably due to the escalating competition, legal battles, and price disagreements between the two companies. The following year, Apple stopped ordering other key components, like application processors and batteries, from Samsung.

In Samsung's place, SK Hynix and Elpida provided the RAM for iPhones. Toshiba, SK Hynix, and SanDisk started selling Apple the flash memory. Although handing orders to Samsung doesn't mean that Apple will completely drop those three suppliers, all three companies could see a big dip in orders.

Assessing the damage

SanDisk could be hit particularly hard. The company generates about a fifth of its revenue from Apple orders for flash memory for iPhones, iPads, and Macs. Back in April, SanDisk forecast its first full-year sales decline in three years, blaming lower memory prices, product delays, and the ongoing loss of unnamed "key customers." One customer was likely Apple, which started ditching SanDisk's flash drives for Samsung's in Macs back in 2013. Therefore, the idea of SanDisk also losing its place in the iPhone to Samsung can't sit well with investors.

South Korean supplier SK Hynix counts Apple as one of its top three customers, but it's unclear exactly how much revenue actually comes from Apple's orders for memory (DRAM) and flash (NAND) chips, which respectively accounted for 75% and 25% of its top line last quarter. However, SK's annual sales have risen 68.5% between 2012 (the year Apple started bumping up its orders) and 2014 -- so Samsung's return to the iPhone might throttle that growth.

As for Toshiba, revenue at its memory solutions business soared 56% annually last fiscal year and accounted for 13% of the company's top line. Macquarie analyst Damian Thong estimated that at certain times throughout the year, the percentage of flash chips that Apple buys from Toshiba could actually be as high as 70%. Therefore, Samsung's return could also take a bite out of Toshiba's top line growth.

The road ahead

Sean Yang, assistant VP of DRAMeXchange, forecasts that the global supply of NAND flash memory "will exceed demand throughout the first half of the year," resulting in lower market prices. Yet Yang expects Apple's next-gen iPhones to boost demand and prices in the second half of the year, and that "the situation will get better for manufacturers." However, if Samsung and Apple forge a new deal to supply NAND flash memory, the situation will likely get much worse for suppliers like SanDisk, SK Hynix, and Toshiba in the second half. Apple Music offers a peek into the future of Apple Inc, and its stark contrast ... Editorial

Just in its first few days, the launch of Apple Music has demonstrated that Apple can competently execute outside of its core hardware business. That has implications for its future ambitions in TV and automotive, as well as highlighting the vast gulf between it, Google and Microsoft.



A silver lining for Apple's once stormy iCloud

Apple Music is not perfect in every way. Some users have complained that it does too much , such as in how it rearranges (or in some cases duplicates) their music library files. Others (including an editorial by Variety) have complained that it doesn't deconstruct everything quite sufficiently and therefore find it too simple. Other critics have worried that its interface is too complex (Variety actually claimed both in the same article).These complaints have also been leveled upon Apple Watch , which various people--and sometimes even the same person--have called either too masculine or too feminine. Unsurprisingly, much of this criticism is coming from competitors or their mouthpieces, or simply people who like to voice all possible complaints they can theorize, even if those complaints are mutually exclusive, logical contradictions.In addition to sharing criticisms with Apple Watch, there are also similarities in how the new Apple Music was critically received in comparison to some earlier Apple products, from the 1984 Macintosh to the 2001 iPod, the 2007 iPhone and the 2010 iPad. Critics imagined features that the first generation of those products "should" have incorporated, and didn't like various aspects of their initial implementation. That didn't stop each from going on to achieve incredible multi-billion dollar successes that monumentally changed the technology landscape.While similarly imperfect in various ways, Apple Music is competent. It gets the right things right. And users are overwhelmingly liking the new service by a landslide in their public comments on Twitter.This is quite incredible, because while Apple "failed" repeatedly in the minds of critics while delivering one blockbuster hardware product after the next, cloud services have more honestly actually been a weak spot for the company. From iTools to .Mac to MobileMe to Ping to Maps, it's long been almost universally agreed upon that Apple has struggled to deliver robust, scalable, reliable cloud services when compared against leaders in the industry.That has been changing however. When Steve Jobs outlined the future of iCloud in 2011, he strategically positioned the revamped internet services at the same level as iOS and OS X. The new vision for iCloud also "demoted" the Mac from the center of the "digital hub" to being just another device getting data from cloud services.The user-facing iCloud services Apple began deploying worked fairly well, but its iCloud Storage CoreData APIs for developers were poorly received, and for some, basically unusable.

How Apple Music escaped the Ping of death



iTunes 10 Ping

Google Music

Google Music is a lot like Google Wallet: years ahead of Apple, but so poorly planned and implemented that it completely squandered its vast head start.





Microsoft Windows Media Center

While Microsoft was building solutions for its partners that didn't solve problems for consumers, Apple was building a product for its customers--end users who were premium hardware buyers--that attracted the support of media partners and content creators

Apple's enviable position of not needing to make money on Apple Music

It's quite a luxury to be able to build a artist-centric business without immediately worrying about the short term Return On Investment

In 2014, Apple completely redesigned its approach and implementation for third party developers with CloudKit, a new internet service for storing and synchronizing app data in the cloud. To demonstrate that it works and is scalable and robust, Apple developed the new CloudKit-based Photos app and its iCloud Photo Library, along with iCloud Drive for iOS 8 and the Mac.This year, Apple expanded upon its cloud progress with Photos for Mac, and at WWDC introduced CloudKit JS, which offers web client access to iCloud so developers can create cloud-synced apps for not just Macs and iOS devices, but also web clients and mobile apps on other platforms.Rather quickly, Apple has transitioned to being a serious cloud services provider. That came just in time for the launch of Apple Music, an ambitious package including Beats 1 radio, on-demand streaming, Connect social networking features, and integration with the music users already have.And while Apple still has to prove that it can retain and develop an audience of paying listeners, its new ability to deploy attractive, functional cloud services on-time, as scheduled--particularly given the exterior contention of having to deal with complex non-technical issues, including winning over the support of artists and their labels--also says something powerful about Apple's potential in video and film related to Apple TV, and its ability to enter new markets including automotive, using the same expert planning, operations, deal-making, engineering and marketing that have made Apple the richest and most successful public company in the world.Apple Music could have been a disaster, or at least an embarrassingly sloppy effort by a company with lots of money to confidently expand into a market that it does not really understand. There have been lots of attempts to make comparisons to Ping , a previous social networking feature within iTunes 10 that Apple intended to enable artists to connect with fans back in 2010.Ping failed (quite spectacularly) primarily because it began as a partnership with Facebook that Facebook pulled the rug on just prior to launch, hoping to get further concessions from Apple. Rather than rebuilding it from scratch, Apple launched it anyway with rudimentary commenting features that devolved into forums of unregulated spam and harassment.Ping in iTunes 10 looked like a tech product created in Silicon Valley, far from the music industry. Beats was built in Los Angeles, by people central to the music industry. Apple Music incorporates Beats' streaming product and music industry savvy with Apple's own in-house iTunes features and iCloud services.Apple Music is nothing like Ping. Rather than initiating a shaky partnership with an outside firm with conflicting interests, Apple Music is fully owned by Apple. As an integration of Apple's existing iTunes services with the content subscription and artist curation features acquired as part of Beats, Apple Music is a legitimate collaboration of Tech and the Liberal Arts.Apple Music incorporates Ping-like commenting features, and of course is not perfect in every way. There are feature requests and bug complaints on both the artist and user side. However, such vocal requests are evidence of success, not failure. People are actually using (and loving) Apple Music.If Apple can continue to address these minor issues, it will not only have a product that keeps users happy with iTunes, but also one that attracts users from other platforms to Apple's, the same way that iTunes hooked millions of Windows users into exploring Apple's Macs after a positive experience with iPods and the iTunes Store.It has become cliche among Apple's critics to refer to iTunes as a terrible product, but the reality is that Apple has attracted 800 million users to sign up for iTunes Store accounts with their credit cards. Despite a series of flaws, false starts (like Ping) and growing pains, iTunes has become the world's favorite way to spend money on media. And the second place is quite a ways behind it.Apple makes the effort of building new things look really easy (think Apple Pay or Apple Watch), but to really appreciate the accomplishment involved in efforts like iTunes and Apple Music, take a brief look at its competitors.Back in 2011, Google launched its own Music Beta, with a cloud music locker but no music store because it built and soft-launched the product without the support of the music industry.Six months later, it finally sealed deals with three of the top four major music labels and officially launched Google Music, connected to Google+ for music sharing and Artist Hub promotional pages.In 2012, Google executives were reported to be upset with the lack of interest in Google Music, and particularly dismayed its inability to bring in revenue. One aspect that hurt its adoption was the lack of a mobile app for iOS.That means Google Music is a lot like Google Wallet: years ahead of Apple, but so poorly planned and implemented that it completely squandered its vast head start.Google apparently expected its paid on-demand streaming music service to be quite popular among Android users, but instead got a taste of what its Android developers had already been eating: the platform does not attract people who want to pay for things, particularly not anything that can be pirated. Google Music mostly demonstrated the weakness of Android as a platform for supporting commercial apps and services.Another significant difference in Google's approach was that it shunned modern H.264 AAC codecs to use MP3. Not only did it embrace the older technology, but it transcoded 256 kbps AAC music sources into 320 kbps MP3, a move that looks good on paper but sounds worse. Those antics occurred in conjunction with Google's efforts to derail H.264 video in support of Flash and then its own VP8/WebM.Google's ideological warfare waged on intellectual property holders might have excited the base, but it resulted in an antagonistic relationship with both content creators and external IP developers, which in the end did not benefit the very demographic of "don't pay, pirate" fans that Android was catering to as an audience.Google Music (along with WebM and Google+) turned out to be disappointing initiatives that failed to gain traction despite being pushed by the vendor in ostensible control of Android, Chrome OS and the world's most popular web search engine (by a wide margin). Simply having lots of capital and engineering talent wasn't enough for Google to deliver successful products and implement strategies that worked.If Apple's success with Apple Music can offer some insight into its prospects for successfully launching TV and automotive products, as well as expansions of today's Apple Pay, Apple Watch, home automation, health and ResearchKit initiatives, the same can conversely be said about Google's track record of bungling Google TV, Glass, Google Wallet, Android Wear, Android@Home and its future prospects for Android Pay, self-driving cars and another crop of Glass and Android TV attempts.Microsoft's very different approach to music and video also failed, for reasons that are useful to contrast against Apple Music and iTunes. When iTunes first appeared, Windows Media Player had been leveraging Microsoft's near monopoly market position for a decade.Initially a rough competitor to QuickTime for playback, by the late 90s WMP became part of Microsoft's strategy to deploy global, proprietary DRM that could earn the company licensing revenue not just from PCs but from emerging formats ranging from HD-DVD to streaming content and portable media devices.Instead of "opening" things up like Google--using inferior formats to sell content from hostile media companies it didn't respect to its Android demographic of customers who don't pay for things--Microsoft developed state of the art media formats with difficult to crack DRM and cozied up to media companies with promises of locking up their content so customers couldn't even rip songs they bought to their own CDs as personal mixtapes.Microsoft's customers might have paid for this, had it not been so draconian in its restrictions and flatly tone-deaf of the desires of real people. Microsoft also suffered from the fact that Apple was offering a much less restrictive alternative in iTunes.Microsoft responded to Apple's iTunes and iPod with an even flashier WMP tied to PlaysForSure DRM devices, then turned around and introduced its own Zune player with inferior, half baked software. It also diddled with terrible Windows Mobile products and pursued an ambitions media strategy around Windows Media Center, a playback hub for distributing audio and video and integrating with cable boxes and televisions.An article by Extreme Tech recently lamented that Microsoft is now killing off WMC in Windows 10, writing that it originally "was an innovative and necessary product. Nothing did what it did at the time," while also observing that Microsoft's efforts to integrate with third party WMC Extender products "were pretty glitchy and difficult to use."While the industry consistently demanded that Apple copy Microsoft's DVR and cable-centric approach in WMC, the company instead pursued a much simpler, easier to use living room ecosystem centered around Apple TV, AirPlay and app-like services that surf the trending wave of cord-cutting.That includes the latest HBO Go service, along with Netflix and a growing array of other TV on-demand services. Apple Music is also integrated with AirPlay for easy playback at home (and CarPlay when driving). You can even see the currently playing Beats 1 track at a Glance on your Apple Watch.So while Microsoft was building solutions for its partners that didn't solve problems for consumers, Apple was building a product for its customers--end users who were premium hardware buyers--that attracted the support of media partners and content creators.Apple's primary profit engine is hardware sales. Commentators have frequently reminded their audiences (and each other) that even if Apple Music were widely successful, it wouldn't really move the needle for Apple's revenues. That is usually presented as a bad thing, but the reality is that selling media is hard, and much easier to pull off if you don't need to immediately make money on it.Apple originally approached iTunes Music as a break-even effort to make sure that Macs and iPods could access top popular content in a world where Windows Media DRM appeared poised to dominate. Apple later added TV, movies, podcasting and iTunes U, not to generate money, but as additional reasons supporting the purchase of Macs, iPods and iOS devices. The iOS App Store has also been run from the start as a way to facilitate volume markets where small purchases support custom, exclusive content, not simply a way to make short term money.Apple Music is a continuation of that effort to support a sustainable market for music, while also enticing interest in high quality hardware, where Apple makes virtually all of its money. Even if Apple only ever just broke even on Apple Music, it would still be earning far more money in attracting users to iOS and Macs (and Beats hardware). It's quite a luxury to be able to build a artist-centric business without immediately worrying about the short term Return On Investment.Microsoft's primary profit engine has long been software licensing. It was simply too hard to license software at a high enough value to warrant developing a ecosystem behind WMC, WMP, PFS and Zune. Microsoft built software for big media companies with the hope of squeezing end users, but that didn't work out, because few people wanted to buy into such a system. Microsoft's more recent efforts to build a hardware business like Apple's haven't worked out very well, from Zune to Surface. That makes it hard to invest in an ecosystem for an installed base that hasn't really materialized.Microsoft has to consider the ROI as it contemplates building out new ecosystem initiatives, because there is no longer a licensing monopoly in place to pay for anything the company can dream up. That's why the company is shedding efforts like WMC, and why it gave up on Zune Pass, which had some similarities to today's Apple Music. Without a revenue engine supporting it, those efforts weren't sustainable.Conversely, Google's primary profit engine is advertising. It built free software in hopes of creating new surface area for its ads, but that ad revenue can't support good software, let alone quality access to top popular content. Most problematically, Google is finding that it is hard to sell anything to its Android audience, which was drawn in by offers of free software, low cost hardware and cheap or free services supported by ads.Google is getting lots of media attention for giving away loss leader hardware like its $35 Chromecast dongle and "free" (as in puppies) cloud services like Google Photos. It's interesting to note that nobody worries that these efforts "won't move the needle" for Google's revenues the way so many are wringing their hands about Apple Music failing to rival the iPhone in revenues. Also consider that despite all the applause for its cheap dongles and software services, these products offer no apparent way to even tangentially benefit Google's core ad business.Everyone else in the streaming business actually needs to figure out how to make money selling access to content, because they all lack a hardware business to fall back on. It's also notable that the only other mobile hardware vendor that makes any money--Samsung--has also seen little success in building an ecosystem, whether for exclusive apps or popular content including music. Building an ecosystem is a lot of work but offers scant prospects for generating real revenue right away, if ever. It's a lot like opening up retail stores.Ask Google, Microsoft and Samsung how their retail stores are going. 
2015-09-18
Apple customers report devices crashing on iOS 9 update SAN FRANCISCO/SYDNEY A significant number of Apple Inc customers are reporting their mobile devices have crashed after attempting to upload the new iOS 9 operating system, the latest in a line of launch glitches for the tech giant.

Twitter and other social media were awash with disgruntled customers reporting two distinct faults, with one appearing to be linked specifically to older models of Apple iPhones and iPads.

"It is beyond inconvenient to not be able to use your phone for a day," said student Pip Cordi as staff in the Apple store in central Sydney looked at her phone on Friday. "I have a lot of apps that I use for school - things like language apps and dictionaries and that's all really important for my studies."

Another iPhone user, Zorry Coates, said she had spent three hours in the Apple store and had been left with the option of either returning her phone to factory settings - losing any non-backed-up data - or waiting until Apple technicians announced an update.

"They said they were aware of the problem and their engineers were working on it 24/7, but they couldn't tell me when - or how - I would get a solution," Zorry said.

"I'm very annoyed because it's wasted half my day. They pride themselves on being a company that's flawless."

Apple's headquarters in San Francisco did not respond to a request for comment late Thursday. An Apple spokesman in Sydney said the company had no comment.

Despite any troubles, significant numbers of iOS users had upgraded; more than 16 percent, according to Mixpanel, a San Francisco, California-based analytics company, as of 4 p.m. PDT (2300 GMT) Thursday.

ERROR MESSAGE

Charlie Brown, a technology expert at Sydney-based Cybershack, said any number of dissatisfied customers was significant in the social media era, particularly following the troubled rollout of iOS 8. Apple released several further updates to iOS8, but some of the bugs were never fully fixed.

"The risk to Apple in terms of having dissatisfied customers is that as their customer base grows, so will the number of those dissatisfied customers," said Brown.

One group of users reported that iOS 9 upgrade would fail after several minutes, requiring them to start the process over. Many posted screen shots of the error message they received: "Software Update Failed".

That problem was likely caused by servers that were overloaded when too many people tried to download the upgrade simultaneously, tech analysts said.

"It's like the Black Friday thing," said Bob O'Donnell of Technalysis Research, referring to the major U.S. shopping sale day after Thanksgiving. "Some websites get creamed on the traffic on Black Friday."

Other users, many of them with older devices, reported their devices seizing up on a "swipe to upgrade" page. The latest upgrade had been deemed by Apple as "friendly" to the older devices after the iOS 8 problems.

"Apple were saying the downloading mechanism doesn't take as much space to download," said Sydney-based Graham McKay, an IT support specialist.

McKay and Brown said they always advised clients to wait several days before downloading any new upgrades from Apple, Google Inc or Microsoft Corp to make sure any glitches had been found and ironed out.

Metering the upgrade, or allowing users to upgrade in waves rather than all at once, would have been a smarter approach, O'Donnell said.

"It's a lot about setting expectations," he said.

Apple did this week delay the release of watch OS 2, its updated operating system for the Apple Watch after it discovered a bug in development.

(Additional reporting by Melissa Redman in SYDNEY; Editing by Alex Richardson) Apple Retrial In $533M Smartflash Case On Hold For Appeal Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. 
2015-03-08
Inside Greater China: An exclusive look at Apple Inc in Hong Kong Exclusive

Apple has singled out Greater China--including mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan--as a primary growth center. AppleInsider took a trip to learn more, starting with a week exploring Taiwan followed by a week in Hong Kong.





Hong Kong island skyline from Victoria Harbor

Apple in Hong Kong



Kowloon in the fog, viewed from the 47th story of Langham Place. It looks like this in every direction.



iPhone 6 billboard on Hong Kong island



Typical Suning Apple store within a store

Apple Store, Festival Walk



Festival Walk Apple Store in northern Kowloon



iPhone 6 billboards in Kowloon along the Lunar New Year parade route

Apple Store, ifc mall



Apple Store at the base of the IFC 2 skyscraper



Apple Store at ifc mall on Hong Kong Island



Entering from ifc mall







View of ifc from the waterfront

Apple Store, Causeway Bay

































Apple and Hong Kong's MTR

Hong Kong is a former British colony located on a series of islands and a peninsula attached to mainland China's Guangdong (formerly known as Canton) province. It's home to 7.2 million people living in extreme density, in part because 70 percent of its land area has been designated as green space, serving as a series of parks.That's forced the city to grow upward, resulting in over 1,200 skyscrapers--with more buildings taller than 500 feet than any other city--and bragging rights to over one third of the world's top 100 tallest residential buildings. Despite so many massively tall buildings, Hong Kong's skyline is limited by legal restrictions on construction taller than the surrounding mountains. So rather than just having a few tall showpiece towers, much of Hong Kong is uniformly tall on a breathtaking scale.The city is not just dense but also affluent, with a GDP per capita nearly equal to the United States, despite even greater wealth disparity between the rich and poor. It's considered the world's third most important financial capital behind New York City and London, and has long served as the primary trading gateway to China. That has also made Hong Kong a strategically important location for Apple.Apple currently has three retail stores in Hong Kong and is reportedly opening a fourth soon. Most of Apple's iPhones, iPads and Macs are built about an hour's drive north of central Hong Kong in Shenzhen, Guangdong, at Foxconn factories operated by Taiwan's Hon Hai Precision. Taiwan itself is 500 miles east of Hong Kong, or an hour and a half by air.While Taipei--with the feel of a working class city--prominently featured lots of third party mobile app advertisements featuring App Store mentions and independent retail stores selling Apple products, the financial capital of Hong Kong seemed to have more of Apple's own billboard advertising (below), in addition to strategically located flagship Apple Stores.There were still many independent shops that appeared to be authorized resellers, such as Suning outlets with an Apple "store within a store."In northern Kowloon--the peninsula to the north of the iconic Hong Kong skyline of the island's Central district--Apple has a store within the Festival Walk mall, an upscale shopping center at Koowlong Tong station at To Fuk Road, at the intersection of the Kwun Tong metro line and the East Rail train that connects Hong Kong with Shenzhen to the north.Apple is also reported to be building a second store in Kowloon close to the center of the city's Times Square-like shopping district known as Tsim Sha Tsui, not too far from the 108 story International Commerce Centre, Hong Kong's tallest building. In this busy shopping corridor, there are lots of billboards and sidewalk posters touting iPhone 6, including these building wraps (below) along the Lunar New Year parade route.On Hong Kong Island itself, Apple has two additional flagship stores. The first opened in "ifc mall" at the base of the island's tallest tower: the 88 story International Finance Center 2.The two towers and the mall at the base of IFC are located above the underground Hong Kong railway terminal of the city's Airport Express train; the rail station is also linked to the nearby Central metro station by an underground pedestrian passage.Apple's two level store at IFC opens up into the site's expansive mall but also features an interior glass stairwell (above) and an exterior glass wall that looks out over the Victoria Harbor waterfront. That wall of glass also provides a conspicuous presence for Apple's logo from the outside, forming a dazzling, illuminated bridge across the waterfront's primary access road at night.The store sits directly across from a long elevated pedestrian walkway that connects the central city to its ferry piers and a popular carnival. A tremendous number of people see this landmark as they pass by every day.A third Hong Kong store is located just three metro stops to the east at Causeway Bay, an expansive open air shopping area. This store is three stores tall, located within the base of the 36 story Hysan Place tower at Causeway Bay metro station.Inside, minimalistic glass stairwells take shoppers between levels. Two floors connect to the indoor mall within Hysan Place.Apple's store faces pedestrian-dominated streets on the back side of the tower, providing panoramic views from its three levels within a vast glass curtain. This store--and surrounding streets--was busy even at 10:30 at night.Apple's stores in Hong Kong are not only easily accessible by the MTR metro system, but also supply the iPads and iPhones that the transit system's 16,000 employees use to monitor its expansive network of 84 heavy rail stations and 68 light rail stops serving 1.82 billion passenger trips per year, one of the world's largest passenger transport systems.Apple recently profiled MTR Corporation's internal and public iOS apps used to facilitate everything from construction project planning and communications; to an emergency toolkit app for dealing with incidents such as typhoon impacts on service; to maintenance reporting and, of course, end user trip planning.





Your browser does not support the video tag.



Hong Kong as part of Greater China



Hong Kong on the south edge of mainland China





















AppleInsider in Hong Kong



Residential towers near Hong Kong University, viewed from the 40th floor



Line for iPhone 6 at ifc mall, five months after it launched

Despite the common use of generic Android on low end phones throughout China, MTR's Head of Information Technology Ted Suen noted, "We have very stringent requirements for protecting corporate information. iOS provides a more secure architecture for local storage than other platforms. iPhone and iPad also have hardware encryption features, which is one of the reasons we chose these devices."The secure, hardware-accelerated encryption that Apple has supported by default in iOS since iPhone 3GS in 2009 has still not been matched by Android; Google's latest 5.0 Lollipop release was forced to delay deploying encryption by default because the fragmented, low cost hardware that Android makers have delivered simply can't perform device encryption with acceptable performance, even among flagship devices like Google's own Nexus line.AnandTech noted that due to Android's odd inability to use hardware accelerated encryption, "there's a very significant performance penalty that comes with enabling FDE [Full Disk Encryption]" in 5.0 Lollipop, specifically noting that Google's Nexus 6 suffered "a 62.9% drop in random read performance, a 50.5% drop in random write performance, and a staggering 80.7% drop in sequential read performance" with encryption turned on.Typical benchmarks of Nexus performance (and Android in general) are commonly run with encryption off, but even then Apple's iPhones with Full Disk Encryption on routinely outperform them in basic tasks. That edge in performance has increased with Apple's 2013 introduction of the 64-bit A7, with raw processing power and modern ABI support that comparable mainstream Android phones still haven't achieved, even with their encryption turned off.Apple's reporting segment of "Greater China" bundles Hong Kong and the mainland People's Republic of China with Taiwan. While Taiwan is a separate nation, Hong Kong was returned to China by Great Britain in 1997 under an agreement where Hong Kong would continue to operate independently as a capitalist economy under the "One China, two Systems" concept.Like the former Portuguese colony of Macau, Hong Kong exists as a "Special Administrative Region" within the People's Republic of China. Hong Kong remains easy for international tourists to visit, but mainland China requires a visa to enter, and even requires Hong Kong residents to pass through immigration checkpoints at the border, despite Hong Kong officially being part of the People's Republic of China for the past 18 years.Unlike Taiwan, Hong Kong existed as a British colony dating back to 1840, when the British conquered the territory in a war aimed at preventing China from blocking its imports of opium from India. One hundred years later, Japan invaded Hong Kong during WWII, but after Japan surrendered in 1945, the British resumed control, albeit over a population slashed in half by Japan's mass executions, starvations and forced deportations to mainland China for slave labor.Similar to Taiwan, post-WWII Hong Kong was rapidly repopulated by a mass infusion of mainland Chinese merchants and skilled labor fleeing the communist revolution. While Taiwan grew into a technology-centric economy under independent control, Hong Kong developed as a trading and financial center as a British Crown Colony, resulting in an English character reminiscent of London.The urban skyscrapers that began climbing in the 1970s mix in the feeling of New York City, while the island's steep hilly topography and reserved green space add in some of the character of San Francisco, resulting in a broadly cosmopolitan character to the city with lively, narrow alleys packed with people, shops and street vendors.At the same time, there's no mistaking that you're in Asia. Particularly in Kowloon, side streets are dominated by massive neon signs competing for attention as they stretch out across roadways from buildings on both sides, held in place by impressive networks of guy-wires.While ostensibly allowed to operate independently of China, democracy is currently limited in Hong Kong, with potential candidates selected by China's legislative body, the National People's Congress. Over the past year, protests against mainland restrictions on candidates and voting have frequently involved crowds of 100,000 people, centered between Causeway Bay and Admiralty stations on the island of Hong Kong, as well as in Kowloon.Also at issue is the political future of Hong Kong, which is only guaranteed to remain independent and retain its existing rights and freedoms through 2047, fifty years after the British handed Hong Kong over to the People's Republic of China at the termination of the British Empire.China is also seeking to integrate Hong Kong closer into the mainland via expansions of its national high speed rail network that will link Guangdong, Shenzhen and Hong Kong. There is some concern among residents in Hong Kong that increased migrations and expanded trade with China will result in undesirable changes, ranging from inflation to an erosion of Hong Kong's existing character.It's easy for American citizens to visit Hong Kong and obtain a visa on arrival. I spent a week in Hong Kong, largely within Kowloon, the western edge of the Island near Honk Kong University and in the Central center of the city. I also traveled north into the northern New Territories, an area that appears to be rural towns surrounded by parklands but is actually, I found, a series of massively dense housing block towers that stretch out in unfathomable density as far as you--or even a drone high in the sky--can see.Hong Kong has nearly the population of all of New York City, but those people live within developed urban areas taking up less than half as much land area, resulting in incredible density similar to Manhattan itself, but nearly five times as large.Thirty five years ago, Hong Kong's MTR began building its metro system, which is now comprehensive and efficiently moves incredible numbers of riders throughout the city and all the way to its northern border with China. You can ride the subway all the way to Shenzhen (if you have a Chinese visa) in less than an hour, then walk through customs and directly into Shenzhen's metro, or take a regional train to Guangzhou, China's third largest megacity about another hour and a half further north.Hong Kong has more people than the four largest cities in California put together (Los Angeles, San Diego, San Jose and San Francisco), making its three existing Apple Stores just a taste of what the company could build. Additionally, Hong Kong isn't just serving its own population, but is a major destination for tourism (particularly shoppers) in the region in general and for mainland Chinese in particular.Hong Kong has served as a grey market orifice for importing iPhones into mainland China for years, even prior to the official launch of iPhone 3GS on China Unicom in 2009. Due to high sales taxes on imported goods in China, many shoppers bought themselves iPhones in Hong Kong, and a flood of iPhones have been smuggled into mainland China by opportunists seeking to mark up devices at a hefty profit. That trend has continued despite the official launch of iPhone 5s on all of mainland China's major carriers, including China Mobile.This fall, Apple launched iPhone 6 in Hong Kong on September 17, simultaneous with its launch in the U.S., Japan and Australia, one week before Taiwan but a month before it went on sale in mainland China. That indicates that Hong Kong is an important market for Apple, and that sales there helped boost Apple's Q4 results and continued to help Apple achieve 70 percent revenue growth in Greater China during fiscal Q1, starting in October.Despite those spectacular results, Taiwan, Hong Kong and mainland China all observe their biggest national holiday in Apple's Q2: Lunar New Year . This year, the holiday began in the second half of February, while I was in Hong Kong.The holiday resulted in several days of dramatically vacant streets in some areas, paired with excessively busy crowds in some shopping areas or related to the festivities, including parades and fireworks. Five months after the initial launch of iPhone 6, Apple's Hong Kong stores still featured extended lines of customers waiting to buy the phone, and signs warned that not all models would be available for immediate pickup.This highlights why UBS analyst Steven Milunovich has raised his Q2 iPhone sales expectations to 58 million, well above the Wall Street consensus of 54 million and Apple's actual year ago quarterly sales of 43.7 million iPhones.Earlier this year, reports bemoaned the fact that iPhone scalpers were paying people to wait in line to buy up all iPhone stocks in Hong Kong, and then turning around to sell them for a marked up price right outside the Apple Stores there, in addition to smuggling them into China.It isn't just iPhones that are being smuggled across the border; rampant grey market reselling of a wide variety of goods by mainland Chinese has resulted in complaints among Hong Kong residents that the activity is inflating retail prices in the city, resulting in opposition to relaxed cross border migration and resistance to China's plans to make travel even easier via the planned direct high speed rail linking Hong Kong with Shenzhen (which has at least 12 million people--unofficially closer to 20 million people--just across the river to the north).High speed rail would also facilitate massive migration from the incredible populations of the nearby megacities connected to Guangzhou--the world's largest built up area--with more than 44 million people. In total, there are more than 106 million people living within the relatively small Guangdong province adjacent to Hong Kong. That province covers an area slightly smaller than Oklahoma or Florida. In comparison, those states have a population of nearly 4 million and nearly 20 million, respectively.If Hong Kong seems densely populated and full of potential for Apple as a tech-hungry, affluent middle class, consider that just the neighboring province of Guangdong by itself has at least 150,000 millionaires, about as many as San Francisco. That entire province currently has one Apple Store.An earlier report covered Apple in Taiwan 
2015-06-21
Will Apple, Inc. Fix Beats' Terrible Hardware Reputation? In some ways, Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) relatively large acquisition of Beats last year makes a lot of sense. At the same time, I'm still scratching my head over 12 months after the fact.

Beats had made something of a reputation for itself among audiophiles and music enthusiasts. The company's iconic headphones dominated the premium headphone market ($200 or more), but they weren't actually good products when it came to sound quality. It was mostly just incredible marketing and branding at work.

While Apple is also known for extremely strong and effective marketing, it's not known for making bad products. Now that Apple is the proud owner of Beats, will it work to improve the quality of the hardware?

Beats headphones are bad

Case in point, Bolt has published a detailed teardown of a pair of $199 Beats Solo headphones -- one of the most popular models -- on Medium. Bolt is a seed-stage venture capital fund that specializes in hardware and prototyping, helping start-ups that need guidance on how to manufacture hardware products at scale. Avery Louie is the Bolt prototype engineer that conducted the teardown, and the results don't inspire a lot of confidence in Beats' hardware.

Instead of using screws, Beats prefers to use snaps and glues in an effort to cut costs. The majority of the headphones are also made out of injection molded plastic, which Louie says is "essentially free at high volumes."

In order to convey a sense of substance and durability, Beats inserts four tiny metal weights whose only purpose is to increase weight. The actual earphone drivers that deliver the sound are generic and completely commodities   there's nothing unique about them. After everything is said and done, Louie estimates that the bill of materials totals just $16.89, before labor or shipping.

Consumer Reports is also unimpressed. Interestingly enough, Consumer Reports noted in 2013 that Apple commands similar brand strength and pricing power.

What's a Mac maker to do?

Apple is known for making extremely high-quality hardware products. Even though the Mac maker uses many commoditized components (in addition to custom ones), its design and manufacturing prowess ensure very high build quality. Both Apple and Beats have strong brands, but the quality of Apple's hardware actually lives up to the brand, while Beats products do not.

We already know that Apple has scrapped a Wi-Fi loudspeaker capable of streaming music directly from cloud-based subscription services that Beats had in the pipeline to challenge Sonos, thanks to a recent Variety report.

However, it's unclear why Apple pulled the plug on the product. Perhaps Apple wasn't confident in the device's ability to compete in the marketplace. Perhaps it was just junk. Perhaps Tim Cook still has nightmares about the iPod Hi-Fi, Apple's own misguided attempt at launching a high-end loudspeaker nearly a decade ago.

Variety's sources even suggest that Apple isn't committed to Beats' hardware. Beats has lost quite a few employees following the acquisition, including high-level hardware engineers and execs like chief product officer TJ Grewal.

If Apple doesn't trust Beats to design compelling hardware, it could very easily take matters into its own hands and design, manufacture, and distribute a new portfolio of premium headphones that merely carry the Beats brand that Apple paid so much for. That would be the best of both worlds. Better Dividend Stock: Microsoft or Apple, Inc.? In the technology world, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) both get a lot of attention. Of course, there is good reason for this. Both companies offer beloved products with loyal customer bases, and they are two of the biggest businesses on the planet.

For investors, there's a lot to like as well. Both Apple and Microsoft have richly rewarded investors over the past several years, and in recent years, they have aggressively raised their dividends as well. Investors who love dividends can now look at Apple and Microsoft as great opportunities for income.

If you have to pick one, here's which stock might be better for dividend enthusiasts.

Both companies are growing

Importantly, both Microsoft and Apple are in high-growth mode. Microsoft is seeing great success on both sides of its business, hardware and software. Devices and consumer revenue grew 11% last quarter, in constant currency. This was due to rising subscriptions for Office 365, which soared 35% year over year. In addition, tablet revenue jumped 53% thanks to strong sales of the Surface Pro 3. Also, search advertising revenue grew 24%, as Bing's market share in the U.S. rose by 150 basis points.

On the commercial side, revenue grew 7% in constant currency. Driven by cloud-based Office 365, Azure, and Dynamics, Microsoft's commercial cloud revenue more than doubled last quarter, year over year, and has now reached a $6.3 billion annualized rate. Overall, Microsoft's currency-neutral revenue increased 9% last quarter.

Meanwhile, Apple is also doing very well and it's hardly a secret as to why. The iPhone is the biggest driver of Apple's growth. In fact, Apple raked in $40 billion in iPhone sales just last quarter, thanks to the huge success of the iPhone 6, as iPhone revenue jumped 55% year over year.

Microsoft's dividend advantage

While both companies have extremely strong fundamentals, Apple's dividend growth rate has fallen short lately. Apple raised its dividend by 11% this year, after an 8% dividend raise last year.

These are respectable growth rates, but considering Apple's tremendous earnings growth in this time period, the company could have delivered more on its dividend. For example, Apple generated more than $47 billion of free cash flow in the first half of its fiscal year. In that same period, the company paid just $5.5 billion of dividends, which equates to a free cash flow payout ratio of only 11%.

Instead, Apple prefers to allocate a much bigger portion of its capital allocation program toward share buybacks. Over the first two quarters of the fiscal year, Apple spent $12 billion on share buybacks, more than twice the amount spent on dividends.

Share buybacks are a valuable tool to increase shareholder wealth. When employed properly, share repurchases can greatly help to increase earnings-per-share growth, since the company has fewer shares outstanding to divide its profits among. But for dividend investors, this might not measure up.

This is where Microsoft has a distinct edge over Apple. Microsoft raised its dividend by 11% last year, and by 21% the year before. Plus, not only does Microsoft grow its dividend at higher rates than Apple, but its dividend yield is much higher. Microsoft's 2.7% yield is significantly above Apple's 1.6% yield. That means an investor will reap 68% more income from Microsoft versus Apple, for every dollar invested.

The reason for this disparity is that Microsoft is not buying back stock as aggressively as Apple. Over the first three quarters of its fiscal year, Microsoft spent $10 billion on buybacks and $7.3 billion on dividends, which is a much more balanced mix than Apple.

Better dividend pick: Microsoft

There's no doubt that both Apple and Microsoft are worthy investments. They are each growing, generate lots of free cash flow, and have low amounts of debt on the balance sheet to worry about.

But for investors who focus on income, Apple may not be the best choice right now. Due to its tremendous stock rally over the past year, its dividend yield is down significantly, and its pace of dividend increases has not kept up. By comparison, Microsoft's higher dividend yield and higher dividend growth rate make it the better pick for income investors. 
2015-11-24
Is Adele Proving Apple's Music Strategy Is Wrong? Until the release of Adele's newest album 25, the future of the music industry was obvious and could only go in one direction: streaming. We could rely on a couple of certainties. Physical sales would become irrelevant at some point or a niche market, like vinyl, at best and streaming would overtake digital download sales.

Source: CNET.com

Even an innovative company as Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was not resistant to the streaming trend. In fact, some may call the introduction of Apple Music, the company's very own subscription-based streaming service, on June 30 of this year quite late. One of the reasons for Apple to introduce the streaming service was an ongoing decline of digital downloads through its successful platform iTunes.

How different does the music business look at these "certainties" after the first sales figures of Adele's latest album came in? Music Business Worldwide reported 25 overtook the all-time week one sales record in the United States within just 4 out of 7 days.

Adele sold over 2.4 million albums during the first four days after launch. Even more astonishing is the fact that half of the albums sold came from physical sales, with Target (NYSE:TGT) among the top selling retailers in the United States. Digital downloads represented the other half of the sales, with Apple's iTunes most likely to be the market leader in digital download sales.

Wait a minute, 50% physical sales and 50% digital downloads add up to 100% of total sales. How about streaming? Well, Adele and her management team decided not to distribute the album through streaming channels, leaving Apple Music, Spotify, Deezer and other services in the cold. The move is even bolder than Taylor Swift who only withdrew her repertoire from Spotify.

If all artists did this, we wouldn't have the growth in subscriptions we have. Deezer's North America CEO Tyler Goldman

With Adele breaking record after record without the support of streaming services, people within the music industry start worrying about their assumption that streaming will take over most of the industry. Deezer's CEO in North America pointed out the threat for growth of streaming subscriptions if other artists were to follow Adele's example.

As I mentioned above, Apple Music is all about selling subscriptions to music listeners. To do so, Apple Music intends to create a music ecosystem to attract users and increase loyalty to its service. Apple's Music Connect and its investments in popular artists to assemble playlists for users are two examples of this strategy.

Now, there is a girl from the U.K. completely messing with everybody in the music industry. Without any support from powerful companies like Apple, she sold more albums than anyone before her. What will remain of Apple's strategy and philosophy of creating an ecosystem for its users if this trend continues?

Apple investors should not worry immediately. True, Adele's 25 is a big time success and she did it without streaming support. In fact, the decision not to distribute the album through streaming services is a big part of the success in my opinion. However, investors should not consider this success to be a trend for other artists and, therefore, as a threat to the number of subscriptions Apple is able to sell.

Adele is Adele and quite frankly there are not a lot of people who have the number of dedicated fans and the ability to reach these fans like Adele. Further, keep in mind that Adele did not release any new material for quite some time. She released her previous album 21 back in 2011. This must have played a part in the success as well.

In my opinion, Apple Music's strategy should not be questioned because of the success of one extraordinary artist who was able to sell a lot of albums without streaming support. In fact, I believe that Apple Music is quite a success after its introduction in June of this year.

After the trial period of three months ended, Apple Music was able to hold on to 6.5 million subscribers. That's almost 60% of the number of free trial users in August. Another 8.5 million are still enjoying the trial period. If Apple Music again holds on to 60% of the free trial users, the service will have 11.6 million paying users by the end of this year. This equals total revenue of over $1 billion on an annual basis (11.6 million x $9.99-month x 12 months and some deduction for family plan subscribers).

I find Apple's turnover ratio quite convincing, especially compared to its most important rival Spotify. Spotify's ratio of free users versus subscriptions is far worse than the 40% of users Apple Music lost during the free trial time frame. Last year, Spotify counted 75 million active users and only 20 million subscription users. That's just over 25% of its total users.

Therefore, I remain bullish on Apple and its music strategy going forward. Both early subscription numbers and potential growth are promising moving forward. And even if other artists decide to follow Adele's example, Apple is there with its iTunes platform to take the majority of digital download sales. Further, Apple building a music ecosystem will help increasing loyalty of its subscribers. Pandora (NYSE:P) is a good example of how such an ecosystem contributes to the success of an online music platform.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Wants $234M WARF Patent Verdict Tossed Get instant access to Law360 right now.

PLEASE NOTE: A verification email will be sent to your address before you can access your trial. Square Inc. Gets on Board With Apple Pay Even as Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) roll out of its new mobile payment service is proceeding slowly (but surely), freshly public mobile payment processor Square (NYSE:SQ) is hopping on board. This comes almost exactly a year after Square said it would soon support Apple Pay.

While many have perceived Square and Apple Pay as competitors since both play in the mobile payment space, that characterization has never really been appropriate. Square essentially makes the terminal that processes the payment while Apple Pay delivers the card data. So both companies cooperating is mutually beneficial.

Square has now announced its new NFC contactless reader that also supports the new wave of chip cards that are now sweeping the market. The new reader will accept all NFC payments, including Apple Pay. Square has priced the contactless and chip reader at $49 and is now accepting preorders.

Why this matters for Square

Square's goal has always been to allow small and local sellers and merchants to accept a wide range of electronic payments. As such, it needs to support all of the latest innovations that are coming out of the mobile payments space, including Apple Pay and similar NFC-based payment solutions.

The $49 price tag will help offset some of Square's development costs as well. The company has long given away its most basic magnetic card readers for free, but its hardware sales are unprofitable. For instance, hardware gross margin last quarter was negative 87%, and that's the best it's ever been. But absorbing these losses has always been a way to gain traction and grow payments volume, where Square keeps a hair over 1% of all payments processed after processing expenses.

Meanwhile, card networks and issuing banks are pushing chip cards very aggressively, touting greater security and benefits from the new technology. Starting on Oct. 1, 2015, there was a "liability shift" where if a merchant swiped a card instead of inserting the chip, the liability for some types of fraud shifts to the merchant. This was done to encourage chip adoption since these types of transactions are more secure.

Merchants will want to make the jump in order to protect themselves from this liability shift, and Square needs to support them in doing so, lest they jump to another payments platform. This move kills two birds with one stone.

Why this matters for Apple

Thus far, Apple has focused on partnering with large merchants and retailers, since those partnerships can help it expand Apple Pay's footprint much faster. While Apple still has a long way to go before Apple Pay is broadly supported, it's also left a wide opening in terms of smaller merchants supporting the new service. That's exactly where Square comes in since its core client base is exactly small merchants.

Apple continues to make progress with Apple Pay availability, and every little bit helps. Analysts Weigh In on Two Stock Giants: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Facebook Inc (FB) Analysts are weighing in on the technology giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and social networking giant Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB), and they are unsurprisingly bullish on both stocks.

Apple Inc.

In a research report issued today, RBC Capital analyst Amit Daryanani reiterated an Outperform rating on shares of Apple, with a price target of $150, which represents a potential upside of 26% from where the stock is currently trading.

Daryanani noted,  Apple recently released its new iPad Pro product and we believe total units shipped will come in at ~3M over the first three months (anticipate ~4.5M units through Mar-qtr). At the low-end this would imply a $2.4B revenue opportunity over the next three months (and for Mar-qtr), which implies ~$600M in operating profit or ~$0.08 0.10 in incremental EPS. From a Mar-qtr perspective, this would result in +4% to the top-line and +3% to EPS to start the new calendar year. Net Net: as the company ramps production of the iPad pro (including 5 7 weeks of channel inventory build), we see a near-term $2.4B revenue opportunity. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Amit Daryanani has a total average return of 2.6% and a 55.2% success rate. Daryanani has a 15.6% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #963 out of 3636 analysts.

Out of the 50 analysts polled by TipRanks, 37 rate Apple stock a Buy, 11 rate the stock a Hold and 2 recommend a Sell. With a return potential of 25%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $148.86.

Facebook Inc

MKM Partners analyst Rob Sanderson reiterated a Buy rating on Facebook, while raising the price target to $130 (from as $120), as the company  continues to be a consensus long and deserves to be , according to the analyst.

Sanderson stated,  While the cycle of positive estimate revisions has slowed, the company continues to deliver strong results. We do not view FB s growth adjusted multiple as aggressive at 35x next year s non-GAAP EPS while still growing revenue by over 50% on a constant currency basis. We think 2016 expense guidance is likely to be above consensus, but not by as much as 2015 which now appears likely to come in 17% below the midpoint of the initial range. 

According to TipRanks.com, analyst Rob Sanderson has a total average return of -2.4% and a 50% success rate. Sanderson has a 27% average return when recommending FB, and is ranked #2983 out of 3636 analysts.

Most of the analysts covering Facebook remain bullish on the company s stock. A total of 46 analysts currently provide ratings; 41 of them suggest a Buy, while 4 recommend a Hold and one recommends a Sell. The 12-month consensus mean price target for the stock is $120.21, reflecting a 14% upside over today s closing price. 
2015-02-12
Could Apple Inc. Announce a Special Dividend? During Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) first fiscal 2015 quarterly earnings call, Apple CEO Tim Cook said the company would update its capital return program when it reports Q2 results. So, what can investors expect from Apple's updated program in April? Probably a boost to both its authorized cash for share repurchases and a dividend increase. But is it also possible that Apple could announce a special dividend, or a large one-time sum in addition to its quarterly dividend payment?

Apple's no-joke $178 billion cash hoard

Apple has a cash problem. Even as Apple has been paying out billions of dollars in dividends every quarter and repurchasing loads of its own shares, the tech giant's pile of cash continues to grow. So, what can Apple do? One of the quickest ways to make a dent in its cash hoard would be to pay a special dividend. But it's not as easy as it sounds.

The vast majority of Apple's $178 billion is held overseas -- $158 billion to be exact. For the tech giant to bring this cash back to the U.S., it would have to pay a 35% capital gain repatriation tax, a cost both Apple and its shareholders wouldn't be happy to pay. Further, even relying on domestic cash flow for a special dividend would be tough at Apple's current rate of spending on share repurchases and dividends. In the last 12 months alone, Apple has returned over $57 billion to investors.

Without a tax holiday for Apple to bring home its foreign cash at a lower tax rate, Apple investors shouldn't expect a special dividend anytime soon. And all tax holidays are not created equal; the tax holiday would have to allow Apple to use its domestic cash on dividends.

A new proposed bill called the "Boxer Paul Invest in Transportation Act of 2015" (via Fortune) would, indeed, allow companies like Apple with large overseas income to get a five-year window in which they can pay just 6.5% tax on money they bring back to the U.S. The revenue generated from the cash brought home would fund the Highway Trust Fund, which goes toward bridge and road repair. But there is a huge caveat: The bill only permits cash to be used for certain purposes, including "Increased hiring, wages and pensions, R&D, environmental improvements, public-private partnerships, capital improvements and acquisitions," writes Fortune's Philip Elmer-DeWitt. In case you overlooked it, dividends weren't included in this list.

Pairing Apple's big spending on dividend and repurchases with an unlikely tax holiday that permits spending on dividends, a special dividend for Apple investors is unlikely. Without foreign cash, the company likely wouldn't have the funds for a special dividend to make sense. Short on domestic cash (in light of its aggressive spending on repurchases and dividends), Apple is already tapping into debt markets with low interest rates to help fund its capital return program -- a strategy that has worked out to shareholders benefit so far.

Even if a special dividend were possible, does it make sense?

With Apple trading as conservatively as it is, the company's current approach to capital return -- i.e., spending aggressively on share repurchases and paying out a moderate dividend while leveraging its payout with low-interest debt -- is the best policy for shareholders. A special dividend wouldn't be in the best interest of shareholders.

If Apple stock was overvalued, a special dividend could sound more enticing. But that's not the case. Consider: In Q1, Apple just obliterated all expectations. Earnings per share were up a whopping 48% from the year-ago quarter. iPhone sales were up an incredible 46% from the company's previous quarterly record set in the year-ago quarter. Clearly, Apple is firing on all cylinders. But in spite of its continued success, Apple trades at a forward price-to-earnings ratio of just 16.1. Comparatively, the average P/E across all the companies in the S&P 500 is 20.

Bring on the share repurchases and keep the dividend payouts moderate. Apple Watch ASPs: Poll Reveals A Hint In September last year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) disclosed its entry into the wearable market, the Apple Watch. While some details of the device were revealed, and later a developers' toolkit delivered, in regards to price, the only thing said was that the Sport model, the lowest priced of three, would start at $349.

A lot of speculation has ensued as to how much the watch would add to both revenue, and the bottom line. Apple is expected to release the watch line sometime in April, and there are rumors that there will be a press event later in the month at which all will be revealed.

Apple aficionado site Mac Daily News has had a poll up for a while that asked its readers which model they would prefer of the six available. With over 1,500 people responding, I thought we might gains some insight into possible distribution of models, and from that estimate an average selling price.

What We Do Know

First, what we know is that there are three basic collections each in two different sizes (42 mm and 38 mm). There are also scores of bands available, and clearly some will be expensive.

Apple Watch Sport

The Sport collection cases are made from lightweight anodized aluminum in silver and space gray. The display is protected by strengthened Ion-X glass. And the matching fluoroelastomer band comes in five different colors. Source: Apple

This is the cheapest model, priced beginning at $349.

Apple Watch

This is the middle grade and described as:

The Apple Watch collection features highly polished stainless steel and space black stainless steel cases. The display is protected by sapphire crystal. And there's a choice of three different leather bands, a link bracelet 

Apple Watch Edition

This is the elegant high-end collection that is expected to be very expensive.

The Edition collection features six uniquely elegant expressions of Apple Watch. Each has a watch case crafted from 18-karat gold that our metallurgists have developed to be up to twice as hard as standard gold. The display is protected by polished sapphire crystal. And an exquisitely designed band provides a striking complement.

It has been rumored that Apple stores will have precision scales to weigh any returned watches to be sure that no gold has been pilfered. If this is so, then the casings alone will have very substantial value.

Pricing & Collection ASPs

The pricing is a guess besides the Sport collection. Since there are a variety of bands available, obviously some will be more costly, and so the ASP (average selling price) for any given collection will be somewhat higher than the base price. This will be most noticeable in the high-end Edition collection, but the middle collection should also see a reasonable increase as people try to differentiate themselves. Unable to afford the Edition, many will splurge on a more expensive band.

All this said, here is my chart for prices and ASPs per collection:

  Watch: I don't think that there is a great deal of justification for a huge price increase here. The sapphire crystal is the most compelling, as I am not sure that the stainless steel is that much more expensive than the anodized aluminum. If the price gap is too high, then too many people will opt for the Sport. The price given is one that a reasonably affluent person can afford, particularly for a gift. (At graduation time this should be a big one!) I have also chosen to be a bit conservative here, knowing Apple's ability to drive high price.

  Watch Edition: This is pretty much a crap shoot. I was hunting for some middle-ish ground in a range of $1200 (very low) to $3500.

Poll Results

So let's look at the Mac Daily News poll. Here is the poll questionnaire, and the results chart at the time they posted the article:

The first thing to note is the number of respondents - 1,535. This is a fairly high number so statistically it should be reasonably representative with the following caveats.

Caveats

The respondents are only readers of MDN: Mostly Apple fans. Likely that women are under represented. Might be influenced by anti-Apple trolls trying to mess things up. Group is self selected from amongst that limited population.

That said, however, the fact that there is no option for Buying None, I think we can use this a some reasonable estimate of what distribution is likely to look like, with just one exception.

Due to 1b above, there is likely to be a stronger showing for the 38 mm size in each collection than is indicated here. However, since for my analysis I am combining the two sizes for each collection, this should not be too much of a concern.

Surprise

To me, the surprise in the results is the strong showing for the Edition collection. The poll shows that 9% of respondents - 1 out of every 11 buyers - would be opting for the high-end Apple Watch, even though speculation is that the price will be definitely over $1000. This is much higher than I would have guessed.

The question here is two-fold. First at what price do these buyers begin to drop off, and (of course) what will Apple's price point really be? Will Apple go for a higher price for added exclusivity (and higher margins)? Or will they go for a lower price to generate more sales?

Results

With this said, all there is to do is to multiply out the percentage distributions from the MDN poll with my estimated collection specific pricing. I did this using a figure of 1 million units sold so that revenues can be easily calculated given a figure for unit sales.

Here are my results.

The numbers show that if both the poll and my pricing are close, then for every million watches sold, Apple can expect $750 million of revenues, for an overall ASP of about $750.

Bottom line

The investor would like to know more than this. How many will sell? What is the gross margin?

I will try to address these issues in a follow up article.

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple's inability to monitor standards lets Pegatron pay low wages, NGO says A customer is silhouetted while entering the Fifth Avenue Apple store shortly after doors opened for iPhone 6 sales in Manhattan, New York September 19, 2014. REUTERS/Adrees Latif

TAIPEI A labor rights group said Apple Inc is unable to effectively monitor standards along some of its supply chain, allowing companies such as Taiwanese assembler Pegatron Corp to keep base wages below local living expenses.

Low costs helped Pegatron win business from Apple, who moved some orders from Foxconn after an increase in labor costs aimed at addressing a spate of worker suicides in 2010, China Labor Watch (CLW) said in a report released on Thursday.

CLW, which based its findings on 96 pay stubs submitted by an unknown number of employees, said low pay compels workers to put in more hours. Its report came on the same day Apple published its 2015 Supplier Responsibility Progress Report, which showed a decline in compliance related to working hours.

"Apple constantly claims that it is monitoring suppliers' compliance with Apple labor standards," New York-based CLW said. "Apple consistently suppresses labor costs by shifting production to the cheapest manufacturer."

CLW did not provide evidence that Apple chose Pegatron expressly because of lower wages. CLW program coordinator Kevin Slaten also told Reuters the report was not meant to draw comparisons across Apple's entire supply chain.

Pegatron assembles Apple devices at two factories in China, as well as other consumer electronics such as phones and personal computers at plants around the world for an array of global clients.

Apple and Pegatron declined to comment on the report. Foxconn, also known as Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd, said its company policy was not to comment on matters related to current or potential customers, or their products.

DOCKED WAGES

CLW's report is the latest to review labor practices at Apple suppliers, where pay and working conditions have been criticized. A report from another labor group in August detailed excessive overtime and unpaid wages.

Such reports have contributed to Apple defining labor standards for suppliers and hiring third-party auditors to enforce compliance. CLW, however, said Apple's pursuit of low costs could encourage some suppliers to try to cut corners.

Apple, in its own report, said it tracked over 1.1 million workers on average per week in 2014, and that suppliers achieved 92 percent compliance with its 60-hour maximum working week, down from 95 percent in 2013.

"We consistently report suppliers' violations of our standards," Senior Vice President of Operations Jeff Williams wrote in Apple's report. "People sometimes point to the discovery of problems as evidence that our process isn't working. Nothing could be further from the truth."

CLW said it compiled its latest report using 96 Pegatron pay stubs spanning August to December 2014, submitted to it directly by workers. Pegatron said it employed 140,000 people as of the end of last year.

At Pegatron's Shanghai factory, which assembles iPhones and iPads, CLW said the average hourly labor cost per worker in 2014 was 8 percent lower than at Foxconn's southern Chinese Longhua plant, which also assembles Apple devices. This saved Pegatron $61 million, CLW said.

Pegatron is able to keep labor costs down by paying low base wages, which in turn compel workers to work 90 to 100 hours of overtime per month, the rights group said.

(Editing by Christopher Cushing) 
2015-03-30
Apple Inc.'s A9 and the Supply Chain Game Over on SemiWiki, Robert Maire asks whether the "winner" of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) A9 processor business is the "real loser." He suggests that given the way Apple treats its suppliers, coupled with the aggressive pricing the company can secure, this might be the case. One crucial observation in the piece is that Apple is playing suppliers Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) and Taiwan Semiconductor (NYSE:TSM) like "a Stradivarius" and that the real winner here is Apple.

While I fundamentally agree that the kinds of volumes Apple brings to the table allow it to push suppliers to deliver better technology at competitive pricing (helping Apple's own profit margin), I disagree that the "winner" of Apple's business ultimately ends up "losing" from a financial perspective.

Don't confuse gross margin percentage with overall profitability

Generally speaking, a customer that is willing to buy in bulk can get a per-unit discount. This is true in just about every business. The idea is that if a customer can guarantee large orders, the vendor is willing to take a per-unit discount for the sake of adding significantly to both revenue and raw gross profit.

Let's assume that it costs Taiwan Semiconductor $2,500 to build a semiconductor wafer. Now, assume the company has two different customers, call them Customers A and B. Customer A is willing to buy 1,000 wafers, but Customer B only needs 100 wafers.

If Taiwan Semiconductor sells 1,000 wafers to Customer A for $4,000 apiece, then it generates $1,500 in gross profit per wafer for a gross profit margin percentage of just 37.5%. On the other hand, Taiwan Semiconductor can sell 100 wafers to Customer B at $5,000 apiece. This means $2,500 in gross profit per wafer for a much larger gross profit margin percentage of 50%.

However, it's pretty easy to see that in terms of total profit dollars, Customer A's business is more valuable than Customer B's, even though on a per-unit basis Customer B's business looks better.

When would this make a difference?

The only situation in which taking Apple's lower-margin-but-higher-volume business would be a "bad deal" would be if a supplier were capacity constrained. In other words, if it had the option to sell 100 wafers at $5,000 apiece to 10 different customers or 1,000 wafers at $4,000 apiece to just one customer, then it might make financial sense to sell to those 10 different customers.

However, I don't think either Taiwan Semiconductor or Samsung -- the two companies said to be supplying Apple's A9 chips this coming fall -- face this sort of trade-off. If I'm correct about that, then it's hard to see either company "losing" in supplying Apple's A9 chip.

A diverse customer base is key to foundry success, but Apple business is good

Generally speaking, customer diversification is good, and I'm sure neither TSMC nor Samsung wants to be critically dependent on Apple's orders to keep their respective chip manufacturing businesses viable.

However, it's hard to deny that Apple brings a lot of volume, and -- perhaps more importantly -- a lot of volume at leading-edge technology. As Intel likes to point out at its investor conferences, semiconductor manufacturers that don't have leading-edge volume eventually lose the scale required to continue investing in leading-edge technologies and factories.



Despite the relatively low per-unit margins that Apple suppliers typically receive, winning Apple's business is still, at the end of the day, very strategically important to the remaining semiconductor foundries -- particularly if the iPhone continues to gain share against high-end Android/Windows phones. Will Apple Inc. Compete Against Google Glass and Microsoft Corp.'s HoloLens? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) could eventually challenge Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and Sony (NYSE:SNE) in the augmented reality, or AR, market, according to Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster. Munster believes Apple has dedicated a small team to exploring AR, which he claims could be "as profound a technology as the smartphone today."

Unfortunately, AR devices, which "enhance" reality with digital overlays, haven't gained mainstream acceptance yet. Google Glass, the best-known example, was sent back to the drawing board in January. Sony's SmartEyeglass, which is bulkier than Glass and has a wired controller, is designed for niche enterprise users. Microsoft's HoloLens, which combines aspects of virtual reality, or VR, and AR, looks more promising, but it's unclear when it will arrive.

Should Apple develop an AR device?

This isn't the first rumor of Apple developing an AR device. In 2011, Apple was reportedly exploring adding AR to Apple Maps. In 2013, Apple patented an AR system for mobile devices that superimposes information on real-world objects, similar to Glass or Nokia's City Lens app. In 2014, Apple patented a transparent display for that system, suggesting an AR headset was in the pipeline.

Munster said he believes "Apple has the unique ability to combine the technology of augmented reality with attractive fashion and design." Apple certainly has a lot of high-fashion talent in its ranks, including former Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts, former Yves Saint Laurent CEO Paul Deneve, and former TAG Heuer sales director Patrick Pruniaux. But that doesn't necessarily mean "Apple Glass" will fare any better than Google Glass.

Last year, Google partnered with fashion icon Diane von Furstenberg to launch designer frames for Glass. The frames made Glass prettier and pricier, but they didn't address its main problem -- the protruding camera that caused privacy concerns and led to public bans on the device. Last April, an Adweek survey found that 72% of Americans wouldn't wear Glass due to privacy concerns.

Therefore, Apple might make Glass look sleeker, but the primary concern about wearable spy cameras won't simply fade away.

Learning from Glass' mistakes

Microsoft unveiled a prototype of HoloLens, a much larger AR headset, in January. Unlike Glass, HoloLens superimposes 3D VR environments on top of real ones. For example, a user can play a holographic game of Minecraft on a coffee table, or answer Skype calls on an AR display. An auto mechanic can provide remote assistance in fixing a car through the camera, simply by drawing directions on the user's display.

In short, Microsoft demonstrated how HoloLens could be useful in everyday situations. By comparison, Google initially promoted Glass' hands-free video recording capabilities, which can also be easily achieved with a GoPro camera. Google eventually promoted Glass for enterprise uses through its "Glass at Work" program, but that initiative only attracted a handful of small partners.

Google has since invested heavily in Magic Leap, an AR start-up that superimposes virtual objects over real environments. It's unclear if its features will be integrated into the next version of Glass, but if they are, the device could be comparable to HoloLens.

If Apple launches an AR headset, it will need to make several tough choices. Will it be a high-fashion device, an enterprise/remote assistance system, or a gaming and media consumption headset?

One step at a time

Apple might have to answer those questions one day, but the AR market is still tiny. Research firm MarketsandMarkets estimates the entire AR market, which is worth nearly nothing today, could be worth $660 million by 2018. But that's a drop in the pond for Apple, which is expected to generate $226 billion in revenue this year.

Moreover, Apple doesn't need to launch an AR headset to gain a foothold in the AR market. It can use its AR patents to enhance Apple Maps and eliminate the need for third-party AR camera apps. Doing so would form a firm foundation for any wearable AR devices that Apple might release in the future. Why Apple Inc. Will Not Acquire Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. Over on Twitter, I came across the following "tweet":

If anyone buys AMD it should be Apple not Samsung. -- Ben Bajarin (@BenBajarin) March 27, 2015

This sparked quite an interesting discussion between a lot of smart people, some of whom thought that an acquisition of AMD(NASDAQ:AMD) by Apple(NASDAQ:AAPL) would be a great idea, others not so much.

I am firmly in the camp that believes Apple would get very little from acquiring AMD. Here is why.

Not much AMD has to offer that Apple does not already have

AMD's main assets are its CPU core development teams, its graphics processor teams, and its system-on-chip integration teams, and I do not think that Apple really needs the full teams from AMD as it has organic efforts here.

If that sounds familiar, that is because it is a very similar argument for why I believe Samsung will not acquire AMD.

As far as CPUs go, Apple is all set. Its low-power CPU cores offer best-in-class performance -- Apple is ahead of Samsung here, actually, as the latter still uses stock ARM cores, and the company seems to be able to poach talent from any company that it would like.

As far as graphics processors go, Apple has seemingly been hiring graphics talent for quite some time. If Apple really wanted to bring best-in-class graphics IP in-house quickly (rather than try to build it organically as it seems to be doing now), then the company could just buy Imagination Technologies for a fraction of what it would pay for AMD once its debt is factored into the equation.



Finally, just as Samsung has its own system-on-chip integration teams, so does Apple, and they seem to do a solid job. I do not think having the integration teams in-house would be something Apple would be interested in.

Does Apple want to sell PC chips and graphics processors?

If Apple were to buy AMD, it would necessarily inherit all current business units and projects. AMD builds standalone graphics processors for notebooks and desktops, PC chips that it sells to PC vendors, and it is even working on a number of projects in embedded, servers, and semi-custom.

I do not believe Apple wants to be in the business of selling chips into all of these markets. While some might argue that Apple could use AMD processors to power its Macs, keep in mind that its PC chips are currently not competitive. Apple would likely need to invest significantly in the acquired AMD asset to bulk up the performance of future AMD products just to make them usable in the Macs.

And, even then, there is still no guarantee that these chips would wind up competitive enough to boot Intel.

An Apple buyout of AMD seems like a pipe-dream

The idea that Apple will buy AMD seems highly implausible, just like the rumored buyout of AMD by Samsung. I disagree with the author of the tweet mentioned above and think that an Apple/AMD hookup makes even less sense than a Samsung/AMD hookup.

Samsung, at the very least, would be more likely to try to make AMD's PC processor business viable since it has expressed interest in selling its Exynos processors to other phone/tablet vendors.

Apple, on the other hand, designs chips for its own use -- it is not a merchant chip company nor does it have any ambitions to be one. Picking up a company like AMD just to service its internal chip needs, particularly when Apple already has strong in-house capabilities that it can continue to build organically, just does not make sense. This Little-Known Company Could Benefit From Apple For Years To Come In a report published Monday, Barclays analyst Blayne Curtis upgraded shares of Analog Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ: ADI) to Overweight from Equal-weight with a price target raised to $70 from a previous $55 as the company has secured multiple sockets across Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s iPhone and iPad lineup to enable the 3D/Force Touch feature.

According to Curtis, Apple needs and would be willing to pay for Analog Device's high accuracy converters. The analyst said that 3D-touch will start with the iPhone 6S and iPad in 2016, which will add at least $0.80 in incremental earnings per share for Analog Device in calendar 2016 with the tailwind extending into 2017.

"In short we believe Apple plans to extend "Force Touch" (launched with the Apple Watch and new MacBook) to the rest of its product line," Curtis wrote. "Analog Devices is known to have the best converters in the industry and this level of performance is needed to compensate for high levels of screen noise."

Curtis continued that longer-term, the potential exists for the converter enabling 3D touch to integrate the 2D touch function into a single "super chip," providing Analog Devices with a "multi-year roadmap" and the potential to "suck in" other content over time.

Bottom line, Analog Devices is well positioned beyond Apple as it will likely see an acceleration in Automotive where it can regain lost share in sensors. Furthermore, there exists potential for further revenue upside and cost savings from its 2014 acquisition of Hittite Microwave.

Shares of Analog Devices were up 5 percent in Monday's pre-market session.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: 3D Barclays Blayne Curtis Force TouchAnalyst Color Upgrades Price Target Analyst Ratings Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. FDA 'Taking a Very Light Touch' on Regulating the Apple Watch With Apple Inc. and fellow Silicon Valley companies edging further into health care, the U.S. agency in charge of oversight says it will give the technology industry leeway to develop new products without aggressive regulation.

Bakul Patel, who oversees the new wave of consumer-focused health products at the Food and Drug Administration, said most wearable gadgets such as the soon-to-be-released Apple Watch and health-focused applications for smartphones have a way to go before warranting close scrutiny from the agency.

"We are taking a very light touch, an almost hands-off approach," Patel, the FDA's associate director for digital health, said in an interview. "If you have technology that's going to motivate a person to stay healthy, that's not something we want to be engaged in."

The Food and Drug Administration's main building in Silver Spring, Maryland. Photographer: CAROL T. POWERS/CAROL T. POWERS FOR BLOOMBERG NEWS

The FDA is mapping out its role at a time when health care and consumer technology are blending. Apple, Samsung Electronics Co. and other companies are building products loaded with sensors that have the potential to eventually gather all sorts of information about blood pressure, body temperature, glucose levels, hydration, oxygen levels and outside air conditions. Software algorithms are being developed that gather different information about a person's health to provide a diagnosis of potential illness that backers say may eventually be more accurate than a doctor.

"The FDA sits at one of the most, if not the most, critical junctures in terms of modulating the burgeoning category of digital medicine," said Malay Gandhi, managing director of Rock Health, a health-focused venture capital firm in San Francisco.

A pressing question is whether the FDA and other agencies have the resources and staff to handle oversight of the fast-moving industry, Gandhi said. The FDA's annual budget of about $4.5 billion is a quarter of the $18 billion Apple generated in profit in its most recent quarter.

While the FDA oversees devices and applications, other federal agencies also have taken an interest in how these products interact with people's lives, including whether they do what they're purported to do or pose a risk to privacy.

Photographer: Kiyoshi Ota

Some products raised flags with regulators after they've reached the market. In February, the Federal Trade Commission cracked down on some smartphone apps for dubiously claiming to diagnose melanoma based on an uploaded picture. Meanwhile, the U.S. Health and Human Services Office of Civil Rights is responsible for oversight of the security of patient-health data collected by electronic devices, a separate issue that is being closely watched by privacy advocates.

"I worry that there are going to be companies that are skirting the rules," Gandhi said. "We have to see the enforcement, otherwise it creates a very uneven playing field between companies that are acting ethically and those that aren't."

Patel said Apple and Google Inc. and other corporations should play a role in screening applications to be sure health-software developers aren't over-promising the benefits of their products. Both companies have visited FDA headquarters in Maryland to discuss their health initiatives, he said.

Representatives for Cupertino, California-based Apple and Mountain View, California-based Google declined to comment.

The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter.

A key part of Patel's job is improving his relationship with Silicon Valley, because there's a misunderstanding in the technology industry that the FDA's approach is over-burdensome and that it's out to impede innovation, he said. The most oft-cited example is when the agency went after the genetic-testing company 23andMe Inc. for selling health-analysis reports that give customers a clue of what risks they may face in the future based on their DNA profile.

"The FDA isn't built to handle new categories" such as wearable devices, smartphone applications and other emerging technologies, said Derek Newell, chief executive officer of health-care startup Jiff Inc., who previously ran a medical-devices company. The agency plays a vital role, but it can take time to catch up, he said.

A screen shot of health care apps for the iPad and iPhone are displayed for a photograph in San Francisco, California, U.S., on July 19, 2011. Photographer: David Paul Morris/Bloomberg

The agency has issued several guidelines explaining when it intends to take a closer look at wearable devices and smartphone applications. The FDA's concerns are focused on gadgets and software that try to mimic the function of a medical device   not features that simply track steps or heart rate, Patel said. A guiding question is what harm might be done to a person if a product fails.

"We are focusing only on the higher end of technology," Patel said. "What are benefits to public health against the risks to public health? We always try to balance that."

Still, Bob Kocher, who was on the National Economic Council as special assistant to the president on health care and economic policy, said startups he meets with invariably list FDA regulation as one of the main risks to business even when such scrutiny is unlikely.

"It's a perception," said Kocher, who is now a a venture capitalist at Venrock.

The Apple Watch Edition is displayed during the Spring Forward event in San Francisco, California, U.S., on March 9, 2015. Photographer: David Paul Morris

Patel is aware of the disconnect. In meetings with Silicon Valley companies it can seem like the two sides are "speaking different languages," he said. To help ease the strain, he said the agency is looking to hire a new senior staff member to help improve relations with technology companies.

The FDA's guidelines on regulating mobile applications, released in February, leave fitness-tracking and other wellness-related products largely free from scrutiny, while technology used for diagnosis, treatment and prevention will get a closer look. A lot depends on how the device is marketed, Patel said. If a company is promoting a product to assist doctors in making medical decisions, it will require more oversight, he said. In January, the FDA approved a glucose-monitoring iPhone app for the first time.

The FDA will keep a close eye on emerging technologies that aim to diagnose illnesses or offer recommendations for treatment, Patel said. Apple CEO Tim Cook said on CNBC this month that devices and services such as Apple Watch and the company's HealthKit system may be able to help pinpoint some diseases and cancers in the next several decades.

"We have to be confident in what we are getting," Patel said. "The trajectory is there and all signals are headed that way, but by the same token the research and science should get us that confidence. It boils down to will it work or not."

Patel said that as more health-related products get into to the hands of consumers, the FDA's oversight responsibilities will become increasingly critical.

"The FDA has a role to play for providing patients and consumers a level of confidence that they can use it," he said. 
2015-05-30
Will Apple, Inc. Sell 50 Million iPhones This Quarter? When it comes to iPhone sales, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) continues to overperform. For the current fiscal year, the company sold nearly 75 million units in the first quarter and followed that up with 61 million in the recently reported second fiscal quarter. (Apple operates on a one-forward fiscal quarter, so these are figures for the fourth calendar quarter and first calendar quarter, respectively.) On a year-over-year basis, those figures are up 46% and 40%, respectively, as customers are enthusiastically snapping up the larger-form-factor iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus.

Year-over-year growth figures are even better on a revenue basis, as the iPhone has increased both its unit price and demand at the same time, characteristic of a Veblen good. For a visual of iPhone revenue and growth, see the following chart:

For investors, however, it appears that Apple's new phones aren't done providing returns. At least that's what noted analyst Timothy Arcuri from Cowen & Co. thinks. Recently, Arcuri increased his Apple price target to $140 per share and reiterated his outperform rating. Most notably, he estimated that Apple would sell 50 million iPhones in the seasonally slow fiscal third quarter.

Newer estimates appear to be above prior consensus

Over the past two weeks, it appears that many analysts are either upgrading their unit sales figures for the iPhone or issuing figures above the established consensus. Early this month, UBS's Evidence Lab research estimated iPhone sales of 51.1 million units for this quarter -- a figure nearly 14% higher than the consensus of 45 million units. In addition, UBS's traditional analyst side also marked up its sales figure, with Steve Milunovich revising his estimate to 48 million from 43 million.

And while there's a certain level of gamesmanship among analysts, as well as possible herding behavior, Apple's been known to not only meet analyst consensus, but also to exceed it. Apple has found strong iPhone demand in China, and growth in this hard-to-model country could make consensus figures laughable. And if Apple keeps its current growth trend intact, it's entirely possible to sell 50 million units.

50 million units will be tough, but doable for Apple

For sure, 50 million iPhone units is an aggressive figure for Apple, but it's one I believe to be plausible. As previously stated, the company reported year-over-year unit sales growth of 46% and 40%, respectively, in the first and second fiscal quarters. At the midpoint of those figures (i.e. 43%), Apple would sell 50.3 million units, up from the 35.2 million it sold in the third fiscal quarter of 2014.

If UBS's Evidence Lab figure of 51.1 million iPhone sales is correct -- and historically it has been more accurate than the Street consensus -- Apple will ship more units in its typically slowest quarter than it did in its seasonally strongest fiscal quarter in 2014. During the first fiscal quarter of that year, Apple sold 51 million phones -- a record at the time.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster has called the iPhone 6 "fundamentally different" from previous product cycles and thinks people are underestimating how well it will sell. He might just be right. 1 Way the Apple Inc. iPhone 6 Edges Out The Samsung Galaxy S6 I was recently in the market for a Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) Galaxy S6. I don't intend to replace my iPhone 6 with it, mind you, but I've been itching to get some extended hands-on time with an S6 to get a sense of how it compares with the iPhone 6 in the real world.

In an attempt to get an S6 for cheaper than what Verizon (NYSE:VZ) will sell me one for, I bid on a new 32GB Galaxy S6 on eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY). I was able to get one for $560 plus approximately $10 in shipping costs.

According to Verizon's website, the full retail cost of a S6 straight from the company is $599 after a $50 mail-in-rebate debit card, meaning I saved a cool $30.

Now, out of curiosity, I looked at how much Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6 models go for on eBay and noticed something interesting -- and positive -- for Apple shareholders.

Going once...going twice...

On eBay I followed two iPhones: a "factory sealed" 16GB silver iPhone 6 and a used 16GB silver iPhone 6. The used one sold for $560 plus $11.55 for expedited shipping for a total cost of $571.55 -- just a smidge more than the $570 total I paid for a new Galaxy S6.

The new iPhone 6 that I watched sold for $600 with free shipping.

Why is this good news for Apple stockholders?

The iPhone 6 launched back in September, meaning that it's about eight months old now, with a replacement likely to be due in about four months or so. In contrast, the Galaxy S6 is barely a month old, and it still sold for less than the older iPhone 6 on eBay.

There's something unique happening here. The Galaxy S6 touts a lot of higher-end specs that the iPhone 6 simply doesn't have, like a higher-resolution display, more storage, and a whole other host of bells and whistles that the iPhone 6 doesn't have. However, people are still willing to pay more on the open market for an iPhone 6 than for a Galaxy S6. In other words, the iPhone 6 appears to be worth more to customers.

So, about those 70 million unit shipments ...

Even before the Galaxy S6 came out, there was a lot of chatter about how the S6 had received "20 million pre-orders." One Samsung executive reportedly said that it expects combined sales of the S6 and the S6 edge to exceed 70 million units.

Only time will tell how the S6 will ultimately fare in the marketplace, but The Korea Herald reports that Samsung sold 10 million phones about a month after launch. And, as Gordon Kelly, writing for Forbes, points out, this initial sales figure means that Samsung's chances of selling 70 million S6 units during 2015 -- without substantial price reductions, mind you -- are pretty slim.

The S6 might not be enough to save Samsung's high-end business

When Samsung reports its financial results in a few months, we'll get a good sense of how the Galaxy S6 fared in turning around the company's fortunes at the high end of the market. That said, given the signs I've mentioned, my suspicion is that Samsung is going to continue having a difficult time trying to grab high-end smartphone share back from Apple. Apple's Critical Acquisition, Google-Tesla Merger Debunked And More Weekly ... The final full week of May closed with a surprise acquisition, unexpected rumors and hints of things to come from the world's largest tech company.

Apple Augmented Its Future

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) acquired Metaio, an augmented reality company that could help the Mac maker enter a new product category in a very big way.

"[Apple] is establishing APIs for Siri and for what they call 'Proactive,' which is sort of the ability to incorporate recognition of intent into the user interface that they support," Dan Miller, senior analyst and founder of Opus Research, told Benzinga.

"I think augmented reality is going to be baked into the responses that make Maps better   make geographically relevant responses [through] Siri or through this new Proactive capability   more powerful."

Google Didn't Buy Tesla - And Probably Never Will

Google Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) was briefly rumored to be in talks with Tesla Motors Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA) about a possible merger. Analysts quickly dismissed and debunked the claim.

"I don't think that is possible," Global Equities Research analyst Trip Chowdhry told Benzinga.

"I think what would happen is, we would see a strong partnership -- which already exists, by the way. Tesla uses Google Maps. Tesla's screen is very much closer to what Android is. The apps that Google has developed are being used by Tesla."

Apple Got Into The Same-Day Delivery Biz

Apple's rollout of same-day delivery began in the San Francisco Bay Area. It is likely to expand to more areas from there, but that won't be the end for the firm's prized retail outlets.

"[The] Apple Store is all about experiencing the product, not necessarily buying at the same time," Chowdhry told Benzinga.

Tigress Financial Partners analyst Ivan Feinseth also had doubts that Apple would exit the retail space.

"They're always going to have a physical retail presence," Feinseth told Benzinga. "The Apple Store is more of a place for customer service and to showcase tech and to create a connection to the brand. It's not just an outlet to sell the product. It's so much more."

Qualcomm + Ambarella =  Growth'?

This week Wall Street started questioning whether or not QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM) should acquire Ambarella Inc (NASDAQ: AMBA).

"It certainly would give Qualcomm a new growth engine," Cody Willard, chairman of Scutify and Futr, told Benzinga. "I consider Ambarella the Intel of wearables."

Willard was then asked if Ambarella would be a good fit for Intel Corporation (NASDAQ: INTC).

"I've owned Ambarella for more than a year and I'm not expecting these companies to suddenly buy it. I'm not expecting anything like this," he said. "[But] as far as strategy and technological roadmaps go, Ambarella would make sense for most any chip company that has the market cap and/or cash to [complete the acquisition]."

Is The iPhone 6C A Good Idea?

Apple might be developing another plastic iPhone, but is that what consumers really want?

"I think [the iPhone 5C was] a good product if you think about it in terms of [the] price point," Niles Lawrence, president of stock analysis site Vuru, told Benzinga.

"At the end of the day, because Apple is becoming a luxury brand, I think it'll have the same impact that the Apple Watch had. Apple Watch has three versions. Most people I know have the plastic or sports version."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: iPhone 6CAnalyst Color Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple's 'Small Experiment' To Match Amazon.com Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is offering same-day delivery in the San Francisco Bay Area. Analysts don't think it will alter the Mac maker's strategy for brick-and-mortar locations, but could there be another goal with this initiative?

"It costs a lot of money to have stores," Sean Udall, CIO of Quantum Trading Strategies and author of The TechStrat Report, told Benzinga. "The more stuff Apple can deliver outside of their stores, the more money they make. It incrementally increases their profit margin."

Aside from increased profit margins, Udall said that Apple could start selling more of its own products and more third-party products.

"And maybe [Apple] has a small little experiment going on where they try to see what [it] would be like if they had a small part of [their] company that ran like Amazon.com," Udall added.

Related Link: DISH Network Exec Explains Why Apple Was Unlikely To Release A TV

'Soft Launch'

Dan Miller, senior analyst and founder of Opus Research, thinks that Apple is definitely keeping an eye on Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN).

"Amazon has been setting the standard on retail logistics," Miller told Benzinga. "In a funny way they've been calling the shots ever since Amazon Prime added all these refinements, like the button and putting packages in people's cars. Every retailer, whether it's Target or Best Buy, is recognizing that customers will gravitate toward the retailer that can promise the fastest delivery time."

Still, Miller said that Apple's venture "sounds like a soft launch."

"Given the construction around the [local] Apple Store and how hard it is to get to it, I can see why you'd want to attract customers with the promise of speedy delivery," he added. "I think you're gonna see more of this. If you think three years ahead and all the rumors about these dispatched systems like Uber, not just being about cars but being about everything you use in your life, Apple has to at least experiment with this and find out how to stay in this rapid delivery cycle domain."

Sneaky Acquisition Tool

Apple's same-day delivery plans could have a side benefit: better acquisitions.

"They want a lot of third-party innovation with all the products they have -- both on the software side and the hardware side, like they did with Beats," said Udall. "They may find companies that come up to the food chain that make complementary products. There's no better way for them to evaluate products than if they sell them themselves."

Udall said this would allow Apple to see firsthand if those are companies worth acquiring.

"Maybe this is a management team we want to buy?" he continued. "Maybe this is a product category that we want to enter?"

For now, Apple's strategy might be far simpler than investors expect.

"If other people are starting to do same-day delivery or quicker, just-in-time delivery, it could just be a natural evolution that Apple would do something similar, too," Udall concluded.

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Amazon Prime Dan Miller Opus Research Sean UdallAnalyst Color Top Stories Exclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-11-17
Apple Inc. CEO Tim Cook Is Wrong About iPad Pros Replacing PCs Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook really wants consumers to replace their PCs with iPad Pros. In a recent interview with The Telegraph, Cook asked, "If you're looking at a PC, why would you buy a PC anymore?" Cook then predicted the iPad Pro would become "a replacement for a notebook or a desktop for many, many people," who would "no longer need to use anything else other than their phones."

That statement is a bold one, but it doesn't make much sense. Let's discuss three major reasons why iPad Pros won't render PCs obsolete.

1. Affordability

Apple has made solid progress in the enterprise market. iOS devices accounted for 64% of all mobile enterprise device activations during the second quarter, according to Good Technology's Mobility Index Report. However, that actually represents a decline from 72% a year earlier. During that same period, Android activations rose from 26% to 32%, and Windows' mobile enterprise share rose from 4% to 11%.

The decline of iOS can likely be attributed to the higher price of iOS devices, Android Lollipop's new enterprise features, and Microsoft's introduction of cross-platform Windows features. As I previously noted, the price gap between iPad Pros and Windows PCs could prevent it from dominating the enterprise market. The 32 GB version of the iPad Pro costs $799. The Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard, respectively, cost an additional $99 and $169. Therefore, Apple's cheapest "laptop-like" experience for the iPad Pro costs well over $1,000.

Since Tim Cook wants people to compare the iPad Pro to Windows PCs, let's do the math. For the price of one fully equipped 32 GB iPad Pro, a small business could buy six of Acer's 32 GB Windows 10 Cloudbook 11 laptops. Meanwhile, the 64 GB version of Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Surface 3 costs just $680 with the Surface Pen and Type Cover.

2. Backward compatibility

Microsoft also has the advantage of backward compatibility. About 1.5 billion PCs worldwide run various versions of Windows. Many of these PC users might own tablets, but probably won't completely replace their PCs with an iOS tablet due to a lack of compatibility with older software.

The iPad can tap into Windows systems with virtualization apps or iOS versions of the same software, but it's a more restrictive solution than simply buying a new Windows PC. That's why sales of 2-in-1 Windows devices have been rising while sales of iPads have declined. With Continuum, Microsoft is offering a single OS across phones, tablets, and PCs that can instantly change modes. Meanwhile, iOS and OS X aren't seamlessly connected in the same way -- Apple's comparable feature, Continuity, only partially connects both platforms with notifications.

Earlier this year, Cook told Fast Company that Microsoft wasn't "willing to lose sight of the shore" and "walk away from the legacy stuff." Yet it's that legacy stuff and their lower price tags that keep customers tethered to Windows PCs.

3. Niche appeal

When Apple launched the iPad after the iPhone, developers had to create scalable GUIs for different screen sizes. Many developers must do the same again for the iPad Pro, which has a 78% larger display than the iPad Air 2. If they don't, many apps could simply waste screen estate.

Adobe optimized its graphics apps for the iPad Pro, and many demos revolve around using the Apple Pencil in these apps. That's great for artists or graphics designers, but it's unlikely to convince mainstream PC users to buy iPad Pros. Walt Mossberg, the executive editor of The Verge, recently wrote that while the iPad Pro would make "graphics folks" happy, he recommended that "average users" avoid the device.

With the iPad Pro, Apple has come full circle with tablets. Fourteen years ago, Microsoft tried selling "Microsoft Tablet PCs," which were mainly marketed to digital artists. When Steve Jobs introduced the iPad in 2010, he broke the tablet out of that niche to reach mainstream users. With the iPad Pro, Cook shoved the iPad back into that niche.

Cook's asking the wrong question

The PC market has been weak this year, due in part to the launch of Windows 10 causing postponed upgrades. But the Windows 2-in-1 market remains strong, and research firms IDC and Gartner both expect the overall market to stabilize next year.

Instead of asking why people would want to buy PCs anymore, Cook needs to ask why people still need to buy iPads instead. Sales of iPads have declined annually for seven consecutive quarters due to stagnant upgrade cycles, competition from cheaper tablets, and cannibalization of the Mini by larger-screen iPhones. As a percentage of Apple's top line, iPad sales have plunged from 16.5% to 8.3% between the fourth quarters of 2013 and 2015.

Cook claims that enterprise deals will save the iPad, but I doubt that the iPad Pro will gain significant ground against Windows PCs in that crucial market. Cost and backward compatibility, which aren't big problems for Windows 2-in-1 devices, will remain tough hurdles for Apple's massive tablet to overcome. 
2015-11-13
Why Apple Inc. Won't Add a Third Core to the A10 Chip Next Year In a recent research note from Cowen's Timothy Arcuri (via Barron's), the analyst says Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is "brewing evidence of three cores for [the Apple] A10" processor that will power next year's iPhone 7. He notes that such a move, which would mean an increased die size, would lead to increased demand for wafers and ultimately for semiconductor equipment vendors next year.

Although I concur with Arcuri that the A10 will almost certainly see die-size growth relative to this year's A9 (and the A10X may see growth relative to the A9X), I don't think Apple will add an additional CPU core. Here's why.

"More cores" is generally not the best way to go

The vast majority of mobile applications will benefit from improved per-core performance than from the addition of more cores. Many, if not most, mobile applications don't really know what to do with more than one or maybe two CPU cores, but every application can benefit from a core that can process a single application thread at a faster clip.

There is only so much power that a mobile CPU will be allowed to consume for an extended period of time. With a greater number of cores in the chip, the less power each core can be allowed to consume when all of those cores are lit up, lest battery life or thermals suffer.

Of course, many modern processors try to be smart about how power is allocated between the various cores; in a workload where all of the cores are lit up, the power may be distributed among the cores differently than it would be in a workload that really only pegs one or two cores.

However, if the CPU designer (in this case Apple) notices the vast majority of workloads benefit from allocating that fixed power budget to just one or two cores rather than across three, four, or even more, then it probably makes sense to include just two cores on the die.

Why aren't more cores better?

One question the reader might have is, "If the CPU can just dynamically allocate power as needed to the various cores, why not include more?"

Although there are many good technical reasons for this, there is an even more compelling economic reason: cost.

Even a rich and powerful company like Apple is subject to economic constraints. In order for Apple to be able to hit its desired per-unit profits, it needs to keep the manufacturing costs of its components in check. Although the cost of any one component that goes into a device like the iPhone is probably not terribly high, going over budget across many components could very well be "margin death by a thousand cuts."

So, we need to work under the assumption that, for each generation, Apple has a fixed amount of silicon real estate to work with. Apple's designers have the luxury of having more silicon real estate to work with than most other chip designers given the very high prices the company commands for its iPhones, but there are limits.

At any rate, Apple's CPU cores tend to be very powerful and, relative to cores from other vendors, quite large. According to a report written by Paul Boldt, the dual-core CPU complex inside of the A9 takes up a whopping 13 square millimeters, or around 14% of the total A9 chip area.

Adding another core would actually add a nontrivial amount of area, which would mean Apple would need to either incur increased production costs or it would have to skimp on other areas to keep the die size/cost in-check.

Given the minimal benefits associated with adding a third core, that previous die area is better spent beefing up other sections of the chip such as the graphics block (graphics is a special kind of workload in which "more cores," assuming the same type of cores, is better for performance).

Apple also gave us a pretty huge hint with the A9X

What's interesting is that even though last year's A8X chip found inside the iPad Air 2 employed a triple-core CPU design, the A9X chip found inside of the iPad Pro this year goes back to a dual-core design. Each core in the A9X is much faster than the cores found in the A8X, so much so that the A9X actually delivers better multicore performance than the A8X.

In light of the fact that Apple chose to use two higher-speed versions of the cores found in the A9 for the A9X -- which goes into a very large tablet that can handle much more heat from the chip than the thin and small iPhones can -- why would Apple suddenly add a third core to the iPhone 7-bound A10?

It doesn't make any sense. I believe that with the A10, Apple will make tweaks to the CPU cores themselves to deliver more "oomph" per clock and, thanks to a 16-nanometer process that's more mature, deliver higher clocks to boot. It will, however, most likely be a dual-core chip, not a triple-core one. Decoding Apple's North San Jose Land Mystery However, a few things about this theory don't quite sit right with me. The first is that Apple is building a brand new headquarters (Apple Campus 2) with the stated goal of having most of its employees located in one large building in order to foster collaboration. Apple management has been very vocal with this reasoning, even taking journalists to tour the construction site to highlight the building's unique layout. Apple is taking pride in what they are building at Apple Campus 2.

In order to gain perspective on how much land Apple now has in north San Jose, Apple Campus 2 will have 3.4 million square feet of office space compared to the 4.3 million square feet of potential office space in north San Jose. I'm doubtful Apple is looking to build a sprawling campus that is larger than Apple Campus 2. The much bigger reason that I'm skeptical is that building an even bigger campus away from headquarters just doesn't fit with Apple's long-standing narrative as to how it views its functional organizational structure.

Additional doubts that Apple is planning on building another large Apple Campus in north San Jose are raised when looking at some of the details around Apple's employee base. Apple Campus 2 will be able to house 14,200 employees. While large, the building is not large enough to house the roughly 20,000 Apple employees that work in the Cupertino/Sunnyvale area. Accordingly, Apple will continue to use its current headquarters at 1 Infinite Loop (home to 3,000 employees) and surrounding buildings. Run the math and once Apple Campus 2 is finished, Apple would actually be able to consolidate buildings. Why would management spend hundreds of millions of dollars to buy enough land in north San Jose to be able to build another Apple campus for nearly 20,000 employees when Apple Campus 2 has been the multi-year focus and cornerstone of the company's infrastructure development? I suspect the reason is that Apple isn't actually planning on building 4.3 million square feet of office buildings for 20,000 employees in north San Jose. Instead, Apple has a different type of structure in mind for the land.

Research Facility for Project Titan. What if instead of building another large office building in north San Jose, Apple is looking to build a research facility? What if this facility is actually a giant R&D complex in order to work on automobiles prototypes and conduct regulatory and safety testing? All of the evidence seems to point to such a thing.

While we have no confirmation from Apple that they plan on building an electric car, there are enough clues to have a very high level of certainty that Apple is actively working on a self-driving electric car. Everything from a litany of recent automobile-related hires to Apple's interest in self-driving car testing facilities, a recent ramp in R&D spending, and overall automobile industry trends, not to mention accurate reporting from WSJ and at a handful of other publications, point to Apple planning something big with personal transport.

Recent rumors peg Apple's Project Titan as being housed in leased office space in Sunnyvale, California, closer to Apple HQ. Apple has reportedly leased additional space in Sunnyvale to accommodate Project Titan employee growth. While this location might be a suitable place for employees to work, it is unlikely there is enough room to conduct a full range of electric car testing, including researching manufacturing techniques.

Even though I suspect Apple is looking to build a Project Titan facility in north San Jose, I have doubts that this location will become the official Apple Car factory. As seen in the map below, there are currently two plots of land (shaded in red) that Apple has still not purchased or leased in north San Jose that are adjacent to Apple's recent land acquisitions. One is open space and the other has three buildings located on it. Even If Apple were to buy these two pieces of land, Apple's total ownership would measure approximately 140 acres. While this plot of land is indeed massive, it's quite small for it to be the location where an "Apple Car" would be manufactured at any level of scale. The lack of nearby rail also raises doubts that this location will become the primary location for manufacturing cars as rail is a cost effective way to transport finished product, not to mention receive raw material. Instead, this site's acreage would be more suitable for R&D purposes, a fact that even Apple has gone on record to discuss when questioned over these recent land purchases.

It is difficult to discuss electric automobile testing and assembly in Silicon Valley without mentioning Tesla's (NASDAQ:TSLA) Fremont Factory (shown below), the former Toyota (NYSE:TM) car factory located only 20 minutes away from north San Jose. Coming in at 340 acres (nearly four times the size of Apple's current north San Jose land holdings), the Fremont factory is overwhelming. Most of Tesla's assembly occurs on only roughly 120 acres of the site. However, it is important to remember that Tesla is only producing 50,000 vehicles a year, a far cry from the millions produced by the automobile industry's giants. One takeaway from the Fremont Factory is that building electric cars involves much more than just one big building. Instead, the ancillary buildings needed for handling incoming raw materials, producing components, assembly, and parking lots for finished product and transport infrastructure (like railroads), all point to these factories resembling cities rather than just factories. Looking at Apple's north San Jose land holdings, it's tough to see a similar operation like the Fremont Factory being built unless Apple plans on buying out dozens of additional buildings and hundreds of acres of land, something that doesn't seem too realistic or logical when looking at a map of the surrounding area.

Additional evidence suggesting Apple would need much more space to actually manufacture an Apple Car in north San Jose can be found with BMW. The company's i-series electric cars, along with other models, are produced in a factory that measures 23 million square feet. As a reminder, Apple's acquired land holdings in north San Jose amount to 4 million square feet of possible space.

The clearest answer for what Apple has in mind for north San Jose likely rests with Apple's product philosophy and strategy. Apple will likely rely on the same manufacturing process undertaken with most of its products, including the iPhone. Instead of actually building its own car in its own factories, Apple would look to contract manufacturers to build components and conduct the actual assembly. The important point about this strategy is that Apple would still need to conduct vehicle prototyping and research in order to figure out what should or shouldn't be included in an Apple Car. Testing facilities for Apple Car would likely require a hundred acres by itself. The scale required for car development cannot be stressed.

Elon Musk is right when he said two months ago in an interview with a German newspaper that Apple can't just go to Foxconn and say, "build me a car." Look at how the iPhone became a reality. Apple didn't just go to Foxconn saying, "build us a phone." Instead, Apple needed to figure out how to put together an iPhone and come up with new machinery and processes along the way. Only after that R&D phase had been conducted, did Apple executives head to China and work with Foxconn on learning and replicating the process. As Tony Fadell recalled about iPhone development, building the first iPhone was the easy part. The much harder part was being able to produce millions of iPhones. While early stage iPhone prototyping was done at Apple HQ, in addition to testing (recall Apple's iPhone antenna labs), the actual assembly occurred in China.

When looking at north San Jose, Apple could turn its recently purchased land into an Apple Car R&D campus complete with a giant testing facility and several smaller office buildings supporting more clerical aspects of testing and more nuanced design R&D efforts.

Future Clues in North San Jose

Apple is reportedly fast-tracking its north San Jose development plans, having submitted preliminary plans with San Jose officials. If Apple were looking to build an Apple Car R&D facility, I would expect pretty quick progress towards construction to be made in the coming months. The speed at which Apple acquired the land may be a sign of Apple's urgency. The WSJ had previously said Apple is targeting a 2019 "ship" date for an electric car. While the exact definition of a ship date is up for a debate, it's clear that Apple won't likely sit on this land for too long without much action if an Apple Car R&D facility is the ultimate goal.

I would expect Apple to remain as tight-lipped and secretive as possible in regards to these land purchases and subsequent construction activities. While we will undoubtedly be able to track the project's physical development (via drone), Apple could end up building one large, relatively generic structure with most details hidden from the public. Management would also be able to conveniently use CarPlay or other generic R&D initiatives as reasons for the facility.

Main Takeaway: Apple Is Making Progress With Project Titan

When news first broke that Apple was thinking about designing its own electric car, many company observers were doubters. The thought of a company that had spent years building computers that can fit in a pocket all of a sudden building an automobile was just too much for many to believe. Apple would need to acquire such a significant amount of talent, in addition to constructing new R&D labs, all the while figuring out who would even build the product. However, over the past nine months, we are seeing Apple make progress toward addressing these exact concerns and doubts. Apple has been hiring the people needed for a car, and these land purchases in north San Jose would be the first tangible sign of Apple building the infrastructure for electric car testing and research. If we zoom out and look at the big picture, Apple is moving incredibly fast with its electric car plans. Apple has likely been able to work on much of the internal components of an Apple Car, including the passenger compartment. More granular work involving the battery, electric drive train, and autonomous driving software is also likely to be conducted in relatively traditional office space/commercial real estate. We are likely approaching the next stage requiring much more space and infrastructure. While 2019 seems like still a long time out, it is in fact a very aggressive timeline to develop an electric car considering that iPhone and Apple Watch were developed in 2-3 years.

Apple's $304 million of land purchases in north San Jose hint at something much larger than simple office buildings, yet not quite large enough for a sprawling electric car manufacturing facility. Instead, a R&D complex for prototyping and testing various personal transport initiatives is the leading candidate. 
2015-06-30
Apple conspired to fix e-book prices: US appeals court The Apple Inc. logo is seen in the lobby of New York City's flagship Apple store January 18, 2011. REUTERS/Mike Segar

NEW YORK A divided federal appeals court on Tuesday upheld a judge's ruling that Apple Inc (AAPL.O) had conspired with five publishers to increase e-book prices, in a win for the U.S. Justice Department.

By a 2-1 vote, the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals agreed that the conspiracy violated federal antitrust law, and that the judge acted properly two years ago in imposing an injunction to prevent a recurrence.

The ruling would force Apple to pay consumers $450 million under a 2014 settlement of a class action with 33 state attorneys general and lawyers, unless it files another appeal and wins. The settlement was contingent on Apple's civil liability being upheld.

"While we want to put this behind us, the case is about principles and values," Apple said in a statement. "We know we did nothing wrong back in 2010 and are assessing next steps."

Writing for the majority, Circuit Judge Debra Ann Livingston said Apple's actions "unreasonably restrained trade," rejecting arguments that the company acted independently with its own business interests in mind.

"The district court did not err in concluding that Apple was more than an innocent bystander," Livingston wrote.

Assistant Attorney General Bill Baer welcomed the ruling, which he said "confirms that it is unlawful for a company to knowingly participate in a price-fixing conspiracy, whatever its specific role in the conspiracy or reason for joining it."

The appeal followed a July 2013 decision by U.S. District Judge Denise Cote in Manhattan that Apple played a "central role" in a conspiracy with publishers to eliminate retail price competition and raise e-book prices.

The Justice Department, which secured the ruling following a non-jury trial, said the scheme caused some e-book prices to rise to $12.99 or $14.99 from the $9.99 price charged by market leader Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O).

The publishers that the Justice Department said conspired with Apple include Lagardere SCA's Hachette Book Group Inc, News Corp's HarperCollins Publishers LLC, Penguin Group Inc, CBS Corp's Simon & Schuster Inc and Verlagsgruppe Georg von Holtzbrinck GmbH's Macmillan.

Professor Keith Hylton of Boston University School of Law said Tuesday's ruling endorsed an "expansive view" of the law by allowing Apple to be held liable under a less-stringent standard than it advocated.

"The DOJ could feel emboldened in pursuing those cases with this theory of conspiracy," he said.

In a dissenting opinion, U.S. Circuit Judge Dennis Jacobs said he would have reversed Cote's 2013 ruling, finding that Apple's behavior was pro-competitive in taking on Amazon, which controlled 90 percent of the market.

"Apple took steps to compete with a monopolist and open the market to more entrants, generating only minor competitive restraints in the process," Jacobs wrote.

But Livingston said Jacobs' theory "endorses a concept of marketplace vigilantism that is wholly foreign to the antitrust laws."

The case is U.S. v. Apple Inc, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 13-3741.

(Additional reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Alden Bentley and Richard Chang) Apple Music Could Be a Major Win for Investors in Apple Inc. Stock Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new music streaming service, Apple Music, is finally available for streaming as of Tuesday. This new business will not move the needle by much from a financial perspective, at least not in the first stages. However, there are strong reasons to believe a successful Apple Music could be a powerful driver for the stock over the middle term.

Crunching some numbers

Pandora Media (NYSE:P) and Spotify are the two leading players in the music streaming industry, but they have different business models. Pandora is mostly based on free radio streaming monetized via advertising, while Spotity is all about premium subscriptions.

Based on financial reports for the first quarter of 2015, Pandora had 79.2 million active listeners, and the company accounted for 10% of U.S. radio share. Advertising produced 77% of total revenue in the last quarter, with the remaining 33% coming from subscription fees.

While subscriptions still represent a considerable share of revenue for Pandora, sales from this business are actually declining: Subscription revenue fell 18% year over year in the last quarter, while advertising revenue grew by a strong 27%.

Spotify, on the other hand, relies on subscriptions for most of its income. The company has 75 million active users, and 20 million of them pay Spotify $9.99 monthly for the premium service.

Apple Music looks like a more threatening competitor for Spotify than for Pandora. The service will cost $9.99 per month, just like Spotify's premium service, and it will offer a similarly sized library, with approximately 30 million tracks.

Importantly, Apple has access to 800 million active iTunes accounts, including credit card information for those users. If the company can persuade 10% of that base to subscribe to Apple Music, Apple would be as big as Pandora and Spotify in streaming. Spotify has turned almost 27% of its listeners into paying members, if Apple can achieve a similar conversion level over time, the company would have 216 million paying subscribers, becoming the undisputed industry leader by a wide margin.

From a financial point of view, the impact could be noteworthy, but hardly a game changer over the short term. Wall Street analysts on average forecast that Apple will make $231.9 billion in revenue during the current fiscal year; that means 80 million members paying $120 per year would represent 4% of current sales, while 216 million members would mean a more relevant 11% revenue.

The long-term view

It's not only about the current size of the pie. Streaming is the only segment of the music industry that is showing consistent growth, and everything suggests the trend will only get stronger over time. Apple revolutionized the music industry with the iPod, the iPhone, and its iTunes Store in the last decade; if the company wants to remain at the forefront of industry trends, it needs to make big inroads in streaming.

Based on data from the IFPI 2015 Digital Music Report, the music industry last year produced the same amount of revenue from digital channels as from physical product sales, but digital is rapidly gaining ground versus physical. In addition, digital music downloads are declining, so streaming is the main growth driver in the industry.

Total global digital music revenue increased 6.9% in 2014, but permanent downloads fell by 8%. Most of the growth came from streaming, with subscription streaming revenue growing 39% and ad-supported streaming increasing 38.6%.

Young consumers and millennials are clearly a key demographic segment in the music business, and they are particularly inclined toward the flexibility provided by streaming subscriptions versus the traditional music ownership model. Besides, streaming offers valuable functionalities to explore and discover new music, which is a big plus for many music enthusiasts.

Just like digital downloads replaced physical on the last decade, everything seems to indicate that streaming is replacing downloads at a considerable speed. This means the market opportunity should grow over time, and Apple could be both a major driver and one of the main beneficiaries from new music consumption habits.

One of the biggest reasons for negativity surrounding Apple stock is that the company is too dependent on iPhone sales, as the product accounted for a gargantuan 69% of total revenue during the last quarter. If Apple can prove to investors that it can diversify its revenue base by bringing new products and services to the market, this would provide increased visibility on the company's ability to sustain growth over the long term.

Apple will need to reach considerable scale for Apple Music to become a relevant revenue generator, and this could take some time. But the market opportunity in streaming will most probably increase over time, and a successful launch would prove that Apple still has what it takes to innovate and capitalize on new opportunities. This could be music to investors' ears. Apple Inc. (AAPL): Why This Blue-Chip Stock Is A Must Own Kyle Anderson: The Dow Jones Industrial Average has been extremely volatile in 2015. Through January, the index fell 3.7%. In February, it climbed more than 5%.

In May, the DJIA hit an all-time high of 18,351. Today (Monday), the index is back below 17,700 after falling more than 240 points.

Part of a strategy to survive market volatility includes having at least one solid blue-chip stock in your portfolio. Here s why blue-chip stocks are among the best investments to make when the markets are choppy 

What a Solid Blue-Chip Stock Can Do for Your Portfolio

Blue chips are the stocks of well-established companies with multibillion-dollar market capitalizations. They re internationally recognized and leaders in their respective industries.

Blue-chip stocks trade on major exchanges like the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the S&P 500, or the Nasdaq 100.

What Is a Blue-Chip Stock?

Blue chips are stocks of well-established companies with multibillion-dollar market capitalizations. They re internationally recognized and leaders in their respective industries. Most are household names.

Blue-chip stocks trade on major exchanges like the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the S&P 500, or the Nasdaq 100.

Blue-chip stocks have very strong earnings, revenue, and margins. This makes them some of the most stable investment opportunities on the market. During market corrections, or even recessions, blue-chip stocks hold their value better than other stocks.

One of the biggest benefits of investing in a blue-chip stock is blue chips are less susceptible to market swings than small- or medium-cap stocks. These are companies that consumers and industries cannot live without. These stocks will maintain their wealth better than any others when panic hits the market.

Blue-chip stocks are also best for investors who want to buy a stock and hold it for five years, 10 years, or longer. They re not great for day traders because there won t be as many extreme price swings as smaller stocks see.

Another benefit of blue chips is they typically pay healthy, consistent dividends. Many increase their dividends regularly and make payouts for decades. This lets investors collect income even if share prices pull back.

A couple of the most popular blue-chip stocks on the market are Procter & Gamble Co. (NYSE: PG) and McDonald s Corp. (NYSE: MCD). PG is a $214 billion conglomerate that s a worldwide leader in consumer packaged goods. MCD is worth $93 billion and is one of the most recognizable brands in the world.

They both pay dividend yields near 3.5%. When investors talk about blue-chip stocks, they are usually the first two mentioned.

But we ve got another blue-chip stock that offers a bigger profit opportunity.

Here is today s top blue-chip stock to buy 

Why This Blue-Chip Stock Is a  Must Own 

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)  officially  became a blue-chip stock when it was added to the Dow Jones Industrial Average in March.

In 2015, AAPL is up 13.7%. It has climbed 36.4% in the last 12 months.

Despite those gains, AAPL stock still has plenty of upside.

 I think we still have a lot of momentum left on this stock,  Money Morning Defense & Tech Specialist Michael A. Robinson said on FOX Business in March.  I have a $142.85 target on this for Labor Day 2016. 

Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald has an even higher price target for this blue-chip stock. He sees it climbing to $200 in the next two years. That would be a gain of 59.4% from today s opening price of $125.46.

The reason our experts are so bullish on AAPL is the company s tech  ecosystem.  This isn t just a computer and mobile phone company. The company has recently unveiled Apple Music, the Apple Watch, Apple TV, and the payment service Apply Pay.

 It s the best tech ecosystem on the consumer level in the world today,  Robinson said.  Really, nothing comes close. 

 Apple has a huge addressable market that s not yet been tapped and not yet been recognized by the broader stock market,  Fitz-Gerald said.  That s what investors ought to be keying in on. 

Apple has some of the highest margins in the industry, with an operating margin of 30.2%.

In the upcoming quarter, AAPL is expected to post revenue of $48.58 billion. That would be a year-over-year increase of almost 30%.

The company has a market cap of $722 billion. If AAPL hits Fitz-Gerald s price target, it will be the world s first $1 trillion company.

 They are such a juggernaut,  Money Morning Technical Trading Strategist D.R. Barton said in February.  If you re a money manager and you don t have Apple in your portfolio, it s basically financial suicide. 

Apple also pays a modest dividend of 1.7%.

The Bottom Line: With the markets as volatile as they have been in 2015, we recommend investing in blue-chip stocks. They will protect your investing capital, while providing plenty of upside. The top blue-chip stock to buy today is Apple stock. It s one of the best performers of 2015 and is well on its way to becoming the world s first $1 trillion company.

Brought To You Courtesy of Kyle Anderson

We re in the midst of the greatest investing boom in almost 60 years. And rest assured   this boom is not about to end anytime soon. You see, the flattening of the world continues to spawn new markets worth trillions of dollars;new customers that measure in the billions; an insatiable global demand for basic resources that s growing exponentially; and a technological revolution even in the most distant markets on the planet. And Money Morning is here to help investors profit handsomely on this seismic shift in the global economy. In fact, we believe this is where the only real fortunes will be made in the months and years to come. Apple Inc. Way Ahead Of Samsung On Vital Counts Apple, a brand known for technology and reliability, is the top preference of the customer despite Samsung s dramatic growth and dominating shipment volume. Though Samsung has an incredible market reputation and the highest market share among all smartphone companies, it still is not around Apple on the parameters that matter most.

Apple goes far beyond profits

Even though Samsung is a market leader in terms of customer base, if we talk about profits, Apple is far ahead of its South Korean rival. According to Canaccord Genuity analyst Michael Walkley, Apple accounts for over 90% of the smartphone industry s profits, while the Korean firm is left with less than 10%.

RBC Capital Markets analysts believe Apple s advantage reaches far beyond profits. Apple continues to hold a huge lead over Samsung in two of the most important areas, says a survey conducted by RBC and released on Monday morning. More than 6,000 users participated in the survey, which was about brand loyalty and smartphone purchase intent. Apple s iPhone secures the highest position in these two key areas.

On brand loyalty, of the total respondents more than 83% of iPhone consumers decided to support Apple, while 64% of current Samsung users are planning to buy their next phone from the same brand. The survey also found that approximately 10% of Samsung phone consumers are planning to switch to an iPhone, while only 4% began to switch to a Samsung. Also 13% of Apple customers are undecided or planning other options, compared to 26% for the Korean firm.

Well ahead of Samsung

The RBC survey report and other similar studies reveal the hardcore truth that the iPhone ranks high on user satisfaction as it always takes customer needs into consideration. What s interesting to note is that Apple s iPhone secured the top position even on Samsung s own turf of South Korea, says a market research report by Seoul-based firm Consumer Insights.

Also when it comes to purchase intent, Apple has an edge over Samsung with 47% of 6,000 respondents planning to buy an iPhone, while 23% said a Samsung phone would be their next smartphone purchase.

 Outside of Apple, Samsung was the second most common Smartphone brand and had enough data to compare to Apple owners,  reported RBC analyst Amit Daryanani in a note to investors.

On Monday, Apple shares were down 1.75% to $124.53, and year to date the stock is up by over 10%. Why Apple Will Escape The $130 Resistance Level  Apple Is Negotiating With Samsung About iPhone Storage? The popular Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) blog 9TO5MAC commented on a recent report by Korea Times suggesting that the company is in talks with Samsung Electronics Co Ltd to supply the flash memory for next generation iPhones.

Currently, Apple's flash storage is provided by Toshiba, SK Hynix and SanDisk Corporation.

According to the publication, the report may suggest that Apple is looking to increase the storage capacity of its mid-tier models. The article said the "most logical move" would be to discontinue the 16GB variant and make the 32GB model the new entry-level option.

9TO5MAC justified its views by noting that Apple's SVP of Marketing Phil Schiller stated that the company believes the cloud makes up for the lack of storage on lower-end iPhone devices.

Apple's relationship with Samsung is complex, and the two firms were described as "best frenemies forever" by Robert Maire of Semiconductor Advisors.

With that said, the publication admitted that the Korea Times report should be "taken with a grain of salt" given the publication's history of inaccuracy when it comes to the relationship between the two firms. On the other hand, Apple has opened up to Samsung as it was reported by 9TO5MAC earlier this year that Samsung has agreed to provide A9 chips for future iPhone models.

Commenting on the same story, Cult of Mac suggested that Samsung's chip factory in Xian, China, is testing the stability and durability of its NAND chip, although no agreement with Apple regarding pricing or shipments has been made public yet.

"If today's report is true it's definitely bad news for anyone who dreams of a world in which Apple finally ditches Samsung altogether," the Apple related blog stated.

Posted-In: 9TO5Mac Cult of Mac iPhone 6 Korea Times NAND Storage Phil SchillerRumors Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc conspired to fix e-book prices -U.S. appeals court - Reuters  
2015-02-24
Apple Inc. Eyes a Retail Revival Ahead of the Apple Watch Debut Change is in the wind at Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL).

After being hampered by concerns over its upside potential, Apple proved doubters wrong in a big way with its record-setting earnings report late last month. And in just a few months, Apple could disrupt yet another major industry with the launch of its Apple Watch.

However, the coming changes don't stop there. A renaissance is about to play out at one of the most underappreciated parts of Apple's business: retail.

Coming to a store near you

After languishing for years, Apple's retail operation is to receive a significant overhaul in coming months at the hands of former Burberry CEO turned Apple retail chief Angela Ahrendts. However, Ahrednts won't oversee these sweeping changes alone. Apparently, she is closely collaborating with Apple design guru Jonathan Ive to give the company's retail locations a face-lift.

So what might these changes look like?

Much of the change appears designed to prepare Apple retail operations to accommodate the imminent arrival of the Apple Watch. This will obviously require some shifting of product placement within each Apple store, but the changes are intended to go deeper than updating the layout. Because the company wants to position the Apple Watch as an aspirational item within the broader wristwatch and emerging smart watch space -- much as it has done so successfully with the iPhone in the smartphone market -- Apple reportedly wants to add an extra element of luxury to the parts of its stores where the new device will be displayed.

In an anecdote from a recent profile on Ive in The New Yorker, reporter Ian Parker noted that Apple's design chief told him about overhearing someone on the retail redesign team say "I'm not going to buy a watch if I can't stand on carpet." While adding carpeting to an area of the Apple stores might seem minor, my point is that Apple understands the Watch shopping experience will likely need to be fundamentally different from the way it presents and brands its current suite of products. There has also been mention of installing new seating arrangements within Apple retail stores beyond the current seating options, which are largely relegated to the Genius Bar, but this seems less integral to the overall retail overhaul storyline.

Why this matters more than you might think

After proving critical in Apple's massive rise to power from the launch of the iPod to the dawn of the iPhone era, Apple's retail operations seem to have slowly faded into a secondary business driver in most investors' eyes in recent years. With the iPhone selling in greater numbers online and through the stores of third-party telecom partners such as Verizon and AT&T, Apple's retail sales have grown increasingly less important to its overall business performance. As you can see below, since 2008 when the iPhone enjoyed its first full year of sales, Apple's retail sales as a percentage of total company revenue has fallen from nearly 20% to 11%. More Proof Apple Inc. and Xiaomi Have Samsung's Smartphone Business on the Ropes As the two most successful smartphone companies in the world, tech giants Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) share a unique rivalry in more ways than one.

When they aren't suing one another in courtrooms around the world, Apple and Samsung are in a constant battle to outflank the other with each subsequent device launch. To make matters more complex, Samsung also manufactures some of the key innards of Apple's all-powerful iPhones, a dependence Apple can't undo fast enough. And lastly, in a testament to their dominance in this space, Apple and Samsung have historically generated all the profits among handset OEMs.

In light of Apple's spectacular FY Q1 report, we now know just how popular the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus are in the eyes of consumers worldwide And as more data and analysis become available, it's becoming increasingly clear that the iPhone 6 is gaining market share against Samsung, even in areas Samsung has long dominated.

Samsung's problems at home

Apple has gained market share in virtually every market in which it operates since its iPhone refresh late last year. However, what's perhaps most telling about the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus' consumer response has been that Apple has made serious inroads in Samsung's home market of South Korea. According to data from Counterpoint Research, Apple saw its share of South Korean smartphone purchases more than double in the first month of the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus' availability, much of it at Samsung's expense. Apple Inc iOS 8.3 to include emojis with different skin colour options NEW YORK   Lovers of emojis, the cute graphics that punctuate online writing and texts, will soon be able to pick from different skin tones on Apple devices.

Apple Inc. has incorporated more diverse emojis into the developer version of the latest update to its mobile operating system, iOS 8.3. The iPhone and iPad maker has not said when the update will be available for all users.

Currently almost all the emojis depicting people or body parts, such as a fist or bicep, look white. More cartoon-like faces that are smiling, crying, winking or suggestive of other emotions come in a shade of yellow reminiscent of  The Simpsons  characters.

An Apple spokeswoman said Tuesday that the company is working with the Unicode Consortium, the non-profit organization that sets the standards for the pictograms,  to update the standard so that it better represents diversity for all of us. 

Unicode last fall proposed adding five new skin colour options for emojis. A Unicode technical report says users worldwide want emojis that better reflect global diversity.

Devices made by Apple as well as those running Google Inc. s Android operating system dominate the smartphone and tablet market.

A message left with Google was not immediately returned.

Renee Ritchie from iMore says the update includes 300 new Emoji and 32 new country flags. Developers and bloggers have posted screenshots showing all the new Emojis we can expect to see in the update on Twitter.

Apple continues to focus on inclusivity: iOS 8.3 has 300 new emoji, including diversity, and 32 new country flags! pic.twitter.com/bVkDEDLM6b   Rene Ritchie (@reneritchie) February 23, 2015

iOS 8.3 beta 2 has the more diverse emojis and flags, like in new 10.10.3 http://t.co/VN34Kma7aF pic.twitter.com/cD0W4ky6lB   Mark Gurman (@markgurman) February 23, 2015

Les nouveaux Emoji dispo avec iOS 8.3 : pic.twitter.com/39IBYBx5A7   Steven (@73steven) February 23, 2015

Skin Tone Selector voor emoji in iOS 8.3 en OS X 10.10.3 http://t.co/qeQ5RzMGuI pic.twitter.com/kbCuILztPE   One More Thing (@onemorething) February 23, 2015

Mas nuevos emojis en iOS 8.3 pic.twitter.com/CAYmiHS8xu   Billowdg (@billowdg) February 23, 2015

Apple also added some updated emojis for its own products, such as iPhone icons that look more like Apple s modern phones and the Apple Watch, as 9to5Mac also pointed out.

It s unclear exactly when we ll get to see the final version of iOS 8.3, but it s the first iPhone update that will reportedly go into public beta, Gurman says. Apple did this with OS X Yosemite last year, but this would mark the first time Apple has made a beta for iOS available to the public. The move would be part of an effort to eliminate bugs throughout iOS, Gurman previously reported.

A public beta is essentially a chance to give the software a test run before the final version is complete.

At the same time, a bigger update called iOS 8.4 is supposedly in the works that may bring Apple s much-rumored streaming music service. iOS 9, the next major update to Apple s iPhone software will likely be revealed in June, and Gurman predicts this will also go into public beta after its unveiling.

Compiled with files from The Associated Press, Business Insider Apple Inc. Continues To Make History With Closing In On $775B Market Cap Apple has had a terrific year already in 2015. The stock is up 22% year to date and it does not look to stop there. Apple had previously broken the all time high market cap in US history of $700 billion earlier in February. Now the company is on the cusp of $775 billion, as its stock hit a new all time high at yesterday s close of $133. Apple not only has the largest market cap in the US, but now is worth double of the company with the second largest market cap, Exxon Mobil. After Monday s close, Exxon Mobil saw its shares sag to $89.01, giving the company a market cap of $374 billion.

The race to $1 trillion

Apple has long been a favorite among Smart Money. The company continues to deliver products that are in high demand and the company, for the most part, reports great earnings on a consistent basis. In fact, Apple s fourth quarter 2014 earnings showed that Apple reported the largest quarterly profit ever in history. Apple reeled in $18 billion in net profit, revenue came in at $74.6 billion.

Aiding in the historical quarter was the fact that Apple s iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus were in high demand, selling 74.5 million iPhones during the quarter. Making matters only better, Apple was able to boost the iPhone s gross profit margin with the help of the iPhone 6 Plus, by 2% to 39.9%, further increasing profits.

Apple s future growth plans

Apple continues to work on new areas of growth and new markets to dominate. The much anticipated Apple Watch is set to be released in April, which will be widely watched with high hopes of success. The company likely has a plan for the iPad, which saw a 22% fall in sales during the fourth quarter, the one soft spot of the report. Additionally, the latest and most prevalent rumor out there right now is that the company is looking to enter the auto business by designing a state-of-the-art car, entering a new industry. First there was speculation that Apple could possibly acquire Tesla Motors, but that chatter has since died down. No one knows for certain at the moment, but there has certainly been some sightings of the  Apple Van  across the US, further adding to speculation.

Overall, Apple is making history with each day that its stock rises above $133. A historical quarterly profit of $18 billion beat out the previous record of Exxon s $15 billion profit in 2012. Continuing to fuel the Apple frenzy is the highly anticipated release of the Apple Watch and speculation of Apple entering the auto business. It is too early to tell, but either way, Apple is off to an amazing start in 2015.

Disclosure: None Apple Inc. Said To Buy Music Tech Company Camel Audio Apple may be looking to improve its music software Logic Pro X with its latest music-focused acquisition

Apple s interest in the music industry continues to become more apparent, as it seems that the company has acquired a London-based firm that makes music plug-in and effect software. Camel Audio is known for its Alchemy software, which offers a broad selection of synthesizers, sound libraries, effects and plug-ins.

Signs that Apple bought Camel Audio

Juli Clover of MacRumors reports that the company suddenly shut down in January, giving no reason as to why it closed. Camel posted a notice on its website stating that it will keep providing downloads of customers  past purchases and support via email until July 7.

The Companies House, which is where corporations must register their current information, indicates that Camel Audio s address has changed to the location of Apple s London headquarters, which is 100 New Bridge Street. In addition, Camel Audio s only director is now listed as Heather Joy Morrison, who happens to be a lawyer with Apple.

Neither Apple nor Camel Audio has officially confirmed the acquisition.

What might Apple do with Camel Audio?

Camel Audio fits in nicely with Apple s growing list of music-related acquisitions. Clover speculates that Apple might incorporate the company s technology into its Logic Pro X software, which is geared toward professional musicians, or GarageBand.

Last year Apple acquired Beats Electronics, the maker of popular headphones marketed by Dr. Dre, so Camel Audio certainly fits in with that. Apple s other recent acquisitions have also provided indications that the company might be planning to expand iTunes in more directions. Beats also offers a streaming music service, which is expected to be integrated into iTunes when Apple re-launches it.

Additionally, Apple acquired music analytics startup Semetric last month, suggesting that it wants to offer more information to record labels and artists about how well their music is selling on iTunes. The company also posted a job listing for a music editorial position, suggesting plans to add professional reviews to iTunes.

As of this writing, shares of Apple were down by 0.1% to $137.87 per share. 
2015-06-03
Mac attack! Nasty bug lets hackers into Apple computers Some Apple Macs have a particularly terrible flaw that lets hackers sneak in and remain undetected, a security researcher has found.

It means a hacker could -- from far away -- force a Mac into a coma. Personal, corporate or government Macs could be spied on in a way that even the best security checks wouldn't discover -- until it's way too late.

"This is scary," said Sarah Edwards, a forensic analyst at the SANS Institute who specializes in reviewing computers for evidence of hacks. "I would never see this. There could be funky stuff going on in the computer system, and I would never know why."

What makes this one so bad? It's a computer bug that runs especially deep in the machine.

All computers have some kind of basic input/output system (BIOS), the core program that brings a machine to life. It's the kind of thing you should never tamper with. And it should obviously remain heavily guarded.

But Macs purchased one year ago or before, apparently, leave a door open.

When a Mac goes into sleep mode and wakes back up, it allows direct access to the BIOS. It's a weird quirk that lets someone tamper with the code there. That's what was discovered recently by Pedro Vila a, a curious independent computer security researcher in Portugal.

He revealed this vulnerability publicly in a blog post last Friday. He told CNNMoney he alerted Apple directly soon thereafter.

Related: iPhone hacked? Here's how to get back into iMessages

Apple (AAPL, Tech30) did not respond to questions about this flaw -- nor would it say when it plans to release an update to fix it.

Several cybersecurity experts confirmed to CNNMoney that this is a real problem, and they plan to research further in the next few weeks.

This isn't an easy hack. An attacker first needs administrative access to a machine. But what this means is that if a Mac gets hacked with a low-level computer virus, it can bury so deep you'll never find it.

That's the real problem here. It gives hackers more time to plot a massive bank heist or a huge corporate takedown, like the Sony Pictures hack.

So, who's in real danger? High-value targets: think company executives, bankers, politicians, the wealthy, journalists, or anyone else worth spying on for a long period of time.

The average Mac user doesn't have to worry about this one, because they're actually susceptible to cheaper, easier hacks -- that are easier to spot and fix. So says Katie Moussouris, an executive at HackerOne, which helps companies fix dangerous computer bugs.

Tod Beardsley, a security research manager at cybersecurity firm Rapid7, stressed that most Mac users aren't likely to get hacked because of this bug. He said the flaw is "certainly surprising ... but the bar of difficulty is pretty high."

This is the second major flaw in Apple devices discovered in the last week. Recently, people discovered that you can crash someone's iPhone simply by sending it a text message.

Vila a decided not to name this bug. But every major computer flaw nowadays deserves a name. Given that it involves a poisonous kiss that wakes a sleeping Mac, Moussouris suggests this one: Prince Harming. You Shouldn't Believe This Apple Inc. iPhone 6s Rumor According to Feng.com (via BGR), Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) next generation iPhone 6s and iPhone 6s Plus devices will see substantial upgrades in display resolution. The 6s is said to include a 1920-by-1080 display, representing a sizable increase in resolution from the 1334-by-750 display currently found on the standard iPhone 6.

The iPhone 6s Plus is rumored to include a "2K" display. Given that today's iPhone 6 renders images at 2208-by-1242 downscaled to 1920-by-1080, this doesn't immediately fail the common sense test.

That said, while more pixels would be interesting, I'm not convinced that Apple will actually deliver such resolution increases with its new iPhones this time around. Here's why.

That's generally not how Apple rolls

In the table below, I show the display resolutions of Apple's iPhones going back to the original iPhone:

Device Resolution iPhone 480-by-320 iPhone 3G 480-by-320 iPhone 3GS 480-by-320 iPhone 4 960-by-640 iPhone 4s 960-by-640 iPhone 5 1136-by-640 iPhone 5s 1136-by-640 iPhone 6 1334-by-750 iPhone 6 Plus 1920-by-1080

Notice that, historically, Apple has always used the same display resolution for a given product line for at least two generations. I suspect that Apple does this because costs of a given display come down over time, which gives Apple some headroom in the bill of materials for its 's' line of phones to add additional features while keeping margins robust.

Based on a number of rumors from reputable sources, such as KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo, the next iPhones will be filled to the brim with additional features such as Force Touch, an improved Touch ID, faster processor, more memory, improved camera sensor, and even a stronger aluminum casing.

Adding significantly higher resolution displays, unless Apple can get a really good deal on them, might just be too much to add in one shot while keeping margins at acceptable levels.

Ming-Chi Kuo says no display resolution change is coming

Furthermore, Kuo, whom I believe to be very reputable in predicting the specifications of next generation iPhones, has outright said that the new iPhones won't feature upgraded display resolutions.

Now, Kuo -- back in April 2014 -- accurately predicted the display sizes and resolutions of the iPhone 6/6 Plus. Kuo also nailed the iPhone 5 display resolution back in June 2012. So, when it comes down to Kuo's word against, well, pretty much any other source on the Web with respect to unreleased Apple hardware, I'm inclined to believe Kuo.

Does Apple need higher resolution displays at this point?

As an Apple customer, I'm always for getting more features; if Apple can give me a higher resolution and higher quality display, then that's just yet another reason for me to upgrade to a next generation iPhone. However, as I said above, Apple needs to be very prudent about the features it brings to each generation of iPhone as higher resolution, high quality displays certainly add cost.

I think the feature-set that Apple is rumored to be bringing to the next generation iPhones is compelling enough for Apple to forgo a display upgrade this time around.

It's probably not happening this time around

Although we won't know for sure until Apple formally unveils its next generation iPhones, I think that Apple will -- as Kuo predicts -- stick with the same displays that are currently found on the iPhone 6/6 Plus in the iPhone 6s/6s Plus, respectively.

When the iPhone 7 rolls around, then I expect Apple to deliver big display upgrades for both the 4.7-inch and the 5.5-inch models. I expect a significant improvement in display performance (better colors, contrast ratios, and so on) in addition to higher display resolutions. In fact the resolutions that the author on Feng.com claims could show up on the iPhone 6s/6s Plus seem to be right in the ballpark of what I would expect in the iPhone 7. Stock Update (NASDAQ:AAPL): Important Notice for Apple Inc. Beats Pill XL ... Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) announced a voluntary recall of Beats Pill  XL speakers, including a refund for customers. Apple has determined that, in rare cases, the battery in the Beats Pill XL may overheat and pose a fire safety risk. The recall does not affect any other Beats or Apple products.

Because customer safety is the company s top priority, Apple is asking customers to stop using their Beats Pill XL speakers. Customers who purchased a Beats Pill XL speaker should visit www.apple.com/support/beats-pillxl-recall for details about how to return their product to Apple, and how to receive an Apple Store  credit or electronic payment of $325.

The Beats Pill XL can be identified by the Beats  b  logo on the speaker grille and the words  beats pill XL  on the handle. The product is sold in five colors: black, metallic sky, pink, titanium and white.

The Beats Pill XL was introduced by Beats by Dre in November 2013. Apple acquired Beats in 2014. (Original Source)

Shares of Apple opened today at $130.66 and are currently trading down at $130.45. AAPL has a 1-year high of $134.54 and a 1-year low of $89.65. The stock s 50-day moving average is $128.31 and its 200-day moving average is $120.87.

On the ratings front, Apple has been the subject of a number of recent research reports. In a report issued on June 1, Brean Murray Carret analyst Ananda Baruah reiterated a Buy rating on AAPL, with a price target of $170, which represents a potential upside of 30.1% from where the stock is currently trading. Separately, on the same day, FBR s Daniel Ives reiterated a Buy rating on the stock and has a price target of $185.

According to TipRanks.com, which ranks over 7,500 financial analysts and bloggers to gauge the performance of their past recommendations, Ananda Baruah and Daniel Ives have a total average return of 0.2% and 9.5% respectively. Baruah has a success rate of 48.6% and is ranked #2383 out of 3610 analysts, while Ives has a success rate of 65.8% and is ranked #379.

The street is mostly Bullish on AAPL stock. Out of 41 analysts who cover the stock, 28 suggest a Buy rating , 11 suggest a Hold and 2 recommend to Sell the stock. The 12-month average price target assigned to the stock is $151.48, which represents a potential upside of 15.9% from where the stock is currently trading. The Real Reason Apple's iPhone Left Virgin Mobile? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) fans rejoiced when Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) was rumored to carry the iPhone. It seemed like a pipedream, but the mounting evidence suggested that AT&T Inc. (NYSE: T) was about to lose its exclusive distribution rights.

Since that time, Apple has brought the iPhone to Sprint Corp (NYSE: S), T-Mobile US Inc (NYSE: TMUS) and numerous carriers worldwide.

Eventually, the iPhone also came to many pay-as-you-go carriers, including Virgin Mobile. That venture appeared to be somewhat successful, at least for retailers hoping to lure customers on Black Friday. Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) and RadioShack Corporation (OTC: RSHCQ) were among the retailers that sold Virgin Mobile-specific iPhones at steep discounts during Black Friday 2012 and 2013.

Virgin Mobile appeared to be good for the iPhone 5C, which was thought to be a commercial disappointment. Virgin Mobile was the only carrier that sold out of its stock.

"I can confirm that we are currently sold out of the models as indicated on our website," Lorena Pino, Public Relations and Communications Manager at Sprint Nextel, told Benzinga in October 2013. "We expect to have additional units within a week or two."

Related Link: Apple's Secret Plan To Change Augmented Reality Is Finally Emerging

Virgin Mobile does not announce the sales numbers for any of its devices, so it is not yet known how many iPhones the company sold.

In November, a Virgin Mobile spokesperson told 9to5Mac that the carrier had no plans to carry the iPhone 6 or iPhone 6 Plus. Virgin Mobile still carried the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C, but every version was out of stock.

In February Virgin Mobile removed the iPhone from its website, eliminating any hope that the carrier would re-stock the older models. No announcements were made regarding the iPhone 6.

It now appears an announcement will not be coming.

Instead of selling the iPhone directly to its customers, the carrier is pushing for existing iPhone users to switch to Sprint (which owns Virgin Mobile USA). Virgin Mobile has started sending out vague text messages to promote a new leasing offer from Sprint: "Right now, you can get your iPhone from Sprint with unlimited talk, text and high-speed data for only$50/month - plus your monthly device lease payment," the message claimed. Thus, it seems that Sprint removed the iPhone to focus on its core carrier instead of Virgin Mobile.

Benzinga has reached out to Virgin Mobile regarding the promotion. This article will be updated if and when the carrier responds.

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: iPhone 5C iPhone 5S iPhone 6 iPhone 6 Plus Virgin Mobile USATech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple recalls Beats Pill XL Portable Wireless Speakers due to fire hazard - CPSC  
2015-02-22
Will Apple Spend $1.7 Billion To Diversify Its Supply Chain? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) is rumored to be in talks to build a $1.7 billion plant with Japan Display.

The deal would eventually allow Apple to produce its own OLED displays, which could be critical to future iDevice production. It may not be Apple's way to get away from Sony Corp (ADR) (NYSE: SNE) and other suppliers, however.

"Most electronic components you want to get thinner and lighter over time," Sean Udall, CIO of Quantum Trading Strategies and author of The TechStrat Report, told Benzinga. "One of the heaviest components in any Apple device is the screen."

Udall said that if Apple wants to make thinner, lighter and less breakable displays, it has to keep innovating.

"The one thing Apple has been very smart about doing too is they are dual- and triple- and quadruple-sourcing now," he added. "They almost don't single-source any product now. I don't think they have that many companies building displays for them. They also want to add to their supplier list any time they can. It's much, much better for Apple long-term if they at least have two sources, if not more."

Related Link: The Rumored Apple Car Initiative: 6 Things Investors Must Know

Winners And Losers

Global Equities Research analyst Trip Chowdhry doesn't expect there to be many losers in this scenario.

"I would say a smart company always diversifies its supply chain," Chowdhry told Benzinga. "Who wins? Definitely Apple is a winner because the more suppliers you have, the better customization you can get from them, and you can always assure supply [isn't a problem]."

Apple's win may not be a loss for others, however.

"Does anybody else get harmed?" Chowdhry questioned. "I don't think so because the market is very big. Apple needs very specific components. [iDevices are] not general purpose, off-the-shelf products. I'm not sure if anybody gets disrupted from this, but I do think it's a possibility."

Tech industry expert and analyst Jeff Kagan also has doubts that Apple's plant would hurt others in the space.

"The question is, would it take away from the business they're already doing with other companies and divert it with another company?" Kagan told Benzinga. "Or will there be enough for them to add this new company in? Apple is the biggest company. There's an opportunity for them to do business with all of these companies. I think it would make sense for them to do that."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Global Equities Research Japan Display Jeff Kagan Sean Udall Trip ChowdhryAnalyst Color Exclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-01-16
Apple Inc. Faces Its Biggest Challenge Yet On Jan. 15, Xiaomi announced the Mi Note Pro smartphone. The phone reportedly features a 5.7-inch IPS display at a 2560-by-1440 resolution, a Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) Snapdragon 810, 4GB of LPDDR4 memory, and a whole host of other goodies. On paper, it looks to be one of the most impressive smartphone designs that I have seen yet. Yet Xiaomi is selling it for the equivalent of $515 -- well under what Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) charges for even its cheapest iPhone 6 Plus.

Let's take a look at how these two phones compare, and what it could potentially mean for Apple.

The specs -- Apple's iPhone gets crushed

In the table below, I compare the specifications of Apple iPhone 6 Plus with the Xiaomi Mi Note Pro. If the subhead didn't already spoil it for you, the iPhone 6 Plus gets crushed in almost every meaningful metric:

iPhone 6 Plus Xiaomi Mi Note Pro Processor Apple A8 Snapdragon 810 Cellular Cat. 4 LTE-Advanced (150 Mbps download/50 Mbps upload) Cat. 9 LTE-Advanced (450 Mbps download/50 Mbps upload) Display 1920-by-1080 5.5-inch 2560-by-1440 5.7-inch Camera 8MP rear-facing, 1.2MP front-facing 13MP rear-facing, 4MP front-facing Memory 1GB LPDDR3 4GB LPDDR4 Storage 64GB 64GB Price (USD) $849 $515

You don't need to be much of a techie to see that Xiaomi is offering a substantially better specifications than the 6 Plus. The competitive situation for Apple's flagship gets even worse when we consider that Xiaomi is selling this device for the equivalent to $515, while Apple is charging $849.

So, about Apple's and Xiaomi's margins ...

While longtime Apple rival Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) has often piled in rich features and specifications to fight Apple at the high end, it has tended to offer a different (and arguably less "premium") industrial design. Additionally, Samsung has tended to price its phones far closer to Apple's asking prices than what Xiaomi seems to be doing.

Xiaomi is basically selling a device that looks like an iPhone but has better internals than an iPhone and sells for cheaper than an iPhone.

Now, I'm not under any delusion that Xiaomi is going to actually make much money selling these phones: packing in those specifications isn't, by any means, cheap, and selling the phones at bargain-basement prices isn't a recipe for huge profits. In fact, Forbes contributor Chuck Jones points out that Xiaomi's pretax margin was just 2% last year. Apple's, Jones notes, was 29.3%.

One could point to these numbers and say, "Well, this just means that Apple runs a better business and that you're just trying to scare Apple shareholders with all of this spec talk?"

Well, yes to the first, and not-quite to the second

I think the launch of these Xiaomi phones will give investors a very meaningful data point. If the launch of the Mi Note/Mi Note Pro phones doesn't dent Apple's iPhone sales/margins in the coming fiscal year, then that's pretty strong evidence that Apple's "moat" is far wider and deeper than just fast hardware in a shiny metal slab. If Apple sees pressure in the regions where Xiaomi competes, then that would be a very bad sign for Apple's long-term margin profile.

I look very much forward to seeing how this all plays out. My view -- and it is hardly a new one -- is that Apple shouldn't be viewed as a hardware vendor. Rather, it is a software vendor more in the vein of Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) that just happens to distribute iOS and the various software and services on a far more expensive distribution medium (iPhone/iPad hardware) than a digital download or a DVD.

If Apple exits the next fiscal year with record revenue and stable margins, then I think the Apple bear thesis will be seriously broken. If the Xiaomi Mi Note Pro can't hurt the iPhone 6 Plus, then I don't think any phone from any vendor could hurt the 6 Plus or future iPhone models. If not, then the Apple bull thesis will need to be reevaluated. How Many Shares Will Apple, Inc. Repurchase This Year? Many analysts and investors may argue that Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone business is the tech giant's most important catalyst for growth. But a case could also be made that Apple's share repurchase program is even more important -- at least when it comes to the growth potential for the stock.

Twenty-two billion dollars to go

Of Apple's $90 billion authorized share repurchase program, the company has spent $68 billion so far. The impact on Apple's share count has been impressive, with total share count down about 11% since Apple first announced a plan to return cash to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends in March 2012.

To put the impact of Apple's aggressive share repurchase program in perspective, consider that 6 percentage points of the 20% year-over-year gain in Apple's fourth-quarter earnings per share compared to the year-ago quarter can be attributed to Apple's share repurchase program. Apple's share repurchase program is also likely one of the key factors behind the greater optimism in the market for Apple stock. Shares are up 44% in the past year.

With $68 billion of Apple's $90 billion program exhausted, Apple has about $22 billion left to spend before the authorized program expires at the end of calendar 2015. What kind of a dent could $22 billion put in Apple's shares outstanding at the current stock price? It could reduce shares by about 3.4% -- a small but meaningful amount for a company trading at 17 times earnings.

But will Apple increase its authorized buyback again?

There is a strong case that can be made for Apple to announce yet another boost to its share repurchase program this year.

First, as fellow Fool Evan Niu recently noted, at Apple's average rate of repurchasing $11 billion per quarter, Apple's funds for repurchases are set to expire at the end of Apple's fiscal second quarter, or the very timeframe that Apple has updated its program every year. Apple initially announced the program to return to shareholders in March 2012. And it announced subsequent increases to the program in April of 2013 and 2014.

Second, Apple's share repurchase program hasn't been aggressive enough to put a dent in the company's cash reserves. To illustrate, Apple's free cash flow, or operating cash flow minus capital expenditures, was about $94.5 billion total between Apple's fiscal 2013 and 2014. During this same timeframe, Apple returned about $94.4 billion to shareholders through repurchases and dividends. This means that Apple hasn't even had to tap into its massive hoard of cash and marketable securities in the past two years, which now stands at a whopping $158.8 billion. Its current level of share repurchases and dividends can be entirely supported by Apple's current levels of free cash flow. Apple isn't just a cash cow; it's a cash elephant.

Other than the fact that Apple won't be getting as much value per share purchased with any buybacks executed today since shares are trading significantly higher than they were during the past two years, Apple shareholders have every reason to believe a significant boost to the company's share repurchase program will be announced this year. And given that Apple shares are far from looking overvalued, the company's higher stock price probably won't stop the company from authorizing yet another increase to the repurchase program.

If Apple continues to repurchase shares at $11 billion per quarter through 2015, Apple could reduce shares by about 7% during the calendar year -- not too shabby at all.

Apple's cash matters. Don't ignore it. Alleged Hiring Conspiracy at Apple and Google Leads to $400 Million Settlement Apple, Google and two other Silicon Valley companies have agreed to pay $415 million in a second attempt to resolve a class-action lawsuit alleging they formed an illegal cartel to prevent their workers from leaving for better-paying jobs.

The settlement filed Thursday in a San Jose, California, federal court revises a $324.5 million agreement that U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh rejected as inadequate five months ago. Koh indicated that she believed the roughly 64,000 workers in the case should be paid at least $380 million, including attorney fees.

The lawsuit, filed in 2011, sought $3 billion in damages that could have been tripled under U.S. antitrust law. Attorneys for the workers decided to settle after concluding it would have been difficult to prove the alleged conspiracy to a jury.

If Koh approves the latest settlement, it would avoid a potentially embarrassing trial over claims that Apple Inc., Google Inc., Intel Corp. and Adobe Systems Inc. secretly agreed not to recruit each other's employees from 2005 to 2009.

The alleged collusion stopped after the U.S. Justice Department opened an investigation that culminated with an antitrust complaint being filed against Apple, Google and the other participating companies in 2010. The Justice Department's case was settled without the companies admitting any guilt or paying any fines.

The evidence gathered in the ensuing class-action lawsuit has exposed Apple and Google emails that have cast some of their top executives in an unflattering light.

Apple's late CEO Steve Jobs is depicted as the conniving ringleader of a scheme designed to minimize the chances that the top computer programmers and other talented employees would defect to other technology companies. The lawsuit contends the secret "no-poaching" agreements orchestrated by Jobs suppressed the wages of the employees, many of whom were already making more than $100,000 annually.

Former Google CEO Eric Schmidt, who was on Apple's board at the time that the alleged collusion began, sometimes took drastic actions to make sure his company didn't cross Jobs. In 2007, Schmidt, in a bid to keep Jobs happy, fired a Google recruiter for contacting an Apple engineer, according to internal emails.

Both Apple and Google declined to comment on the new settlement. As they did in the Justice Department's investigation, they have denied wrongdoing.

Intuit Inc., Pixar Animation Studios and Lucasfilm also participated in the no-poaching ring. Those three companies reached a $20 million settlement that Koh approved last year.

If Koh approves the deal filed Thursday, the eligible workers at Apple, Google, Intel and Adobe would receive an average of about $5,200 apiece. They could have received an average of more than $100,000 apiece had the case gone to trial and resulted in trebled damages of $9 billion.

The workers' attorneys are seeking fees of up to $82.3 million in the settlement, the same amount they wanted in the previous agreement.

--Associated Press Apple: Very Attractive Value But Based On Growth Expectations Dependent On ... But this came at the cost of gargantuan amounts of cash sitting on the sidelines, unused and undirected.

One of the most iconic technology companies of the decade, Apple's (NASDAQ: AAPL) name reverberates across the world. Through the years, the company has cultivated a culture defined by innovation. Its inventions started industries in which it dominates, and its product ecosystem now encompasses various devices and applications.

But even as Apple's corporate identity appears to thrive on creative disruption of the status quo, it does not seem as aggressive as it once was. Its net operating assets are negative, with more than $150 billion in cash and marketable securities sitting on the balance sheet, unused and undirected. Its dividends and buybacks are large relative to its free cash flows, large enough to possibly crowd out Apple's ability to leverage its earnings power and aggressively increase capital spending and intensify R&D efforts. And lastly, on that note, Apple's capital expenditures and R&D expenses combined, relative to its annual revenues, pale in comparison to its peers.

Though we understand there is tremendous value in the stock even if the tech giant grows at rates substantially inferior to the past, we think investors should at least be cognizant of the possibility that, perhaps, Apple's competitive position may be threatened in the future.

Before we go forward in this direction, we first refer to a risk assessment performed by Obsido Analytics to evaluate Apple, Inc. It is a balanced scorecard that quantifies over 40 different risk factors in several factor groups and utilizes their proprietary standards to systematically assign these factors across five risk levels. We believe the work performed by Obsido Analytics adds value for the reader as they adequately define the major risks in any business, accurately measure them, and succinctly describe them in an easily comprehensible format.

Their risk assessment can be summarized as follows:

Source: Obsido Analytics

Glancing at this table, we can see that the company has "Low to Moderate" risks on all elements but Creditworthiness and Inherent Stability. A few items in this table stand out.

First we note that the solvency factor group looks excellent on all three aspects: leverage employed, profits earned relative to such leverage, and bankruptcy probability. Liquidity, historically important given the high level of current liabilities, is fairly strong in terms of its assets (current and quick ratios) and impeccable in terms of its earnings power (profits versus annual obligations).

This chart here illustrates how the company's liabilities consisted, for the most part, of trade payables, deferred revenues, and other current liabilities, until recently, when degree of leverage began to rise and increase from financing activities. Solvency ratios, which compare profits to total liabilities, remain strong notwithstanding.

Second, Apple's cash conversion cycles are all negative and have been declining further - a very good thing. This opinion changes when we look a little closer: the underlying causes behind such declines are an overall extension in the length of time for Apple to collect money from its receivables and a greater (and offsetting) extension for the time taken to pay off its suppliers and other trade partners.

Source: Thomson Reuters, calculations from Obsido Analytics

In addition to aggressive revenue generation and lessened payments to suppliers and trade partners, Apple's total asset turnovers have weakened over time, as these were above 1.15 and reached as high as 1.35 prior to FY2009. However, these turnover multiples slowly declined and dropped beneath 1 since FY2013, indicating diminished efficiency.

Moreover, isolating the operating portion of these assets turns these turnover multiples negative, which quantitatively shows Apple sitting on an excessively large pile of cash and not doing anything with it. See the two tables below.

Source: Thomson Reuters, calculations from Obsido Analytics. Note that a company with negative net operating assets means its operating liabilities are greater than its operating assets, which can be caused by either excessive amounts of goodwill or excess cash on the balance sheet. The latter applies in Apple's case.

Source: Obsido Analytics

Third, we see mostly good things under profitability. Margins are expanding on all levels (gross margins, operating margins, net margins) and returns on equity have surpassed 23% for the years FY2007 and beyond. Returns on net operating assets, a better measure of returns on investment, cannot be used for Apple and some of its peers due to negative net operating assets, as described in the above paragraph.

Source: Thomson Reuters, calculations from Obsido Analytics. Note the consistent, upward trend in profit margins, which are recently appearing to plateau, as well as the sudden burden returns on total assets place on returns on equity, which demonstrates the impact of total asset turnovers below 1.

However, despite the excellent profitability, Apple does not appear to have the potential to dramatically increase its payout rate at least beyond a few years of extremely high distributions that would reduce its war chest of cash and financial assets. In the most recent fiscal year, for example, Apple returned $56 billion to shareholders in dividends and buybacks, exceeding its FY2014 free cash flows of $50 billion, its after-tax operating income of $39 billion, and its $51 billion in EBITDA less capital expenditures.

We think that Apple's shareholder returns, if they grow further or remain where they currently are, may crowd out the company's ability to utilize its earnings power in aggressive capital spending and R&D initiatives. Without assistance from the company's $150+ billion treasure hoard, this may limit the drastic advancement of its existing technologies or the creation of new ones, a scenario that can potentially threaten its competitive advantages or its top-line growth in the long run.

We believe that in itself is relevant as we compared Apple to a peer group consisting of Microsoft (NASDAQ: MSFT), Samsung Electronics (OTCMKTS: OTC:OTC:SSNLF), Google (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and Sony (NYSE: SNE) and we concluded that Apple's capital spending and R&D efforts, as a percentage of sales, grossly underperform its peers. In fact, of these competitors, Microsoft, Samsung and Google generally direct over a combined 17% of sales into R&D and capital expenditures year over year. See the column chart below.

Source: Thomson Reuters

And these peer companies have more reason to be hungry.

Let's look at Samsung as a point of reference. This Korean beast has historically maintained higher sales revenues than Apple when converted into US Dollars. In September 2014, Samsung generated $203 billion in sales over the trailing twelve months ("TTM"), compared to Apple's $183 billion. A year before that, Samsung saw $205 billion in TTM sales and Apple reported $171 billion at September fiscal year-end. And a year before that, Samsung's revenues of $169 billion were 8% better than Apple's $157 billion.

From a revenue standpoint, Samsung performs better than Apple does. From a risk standpoint, it is also the same: the Korean company is not as highly leveraged and it is at least generating positive returns on net operating assets, a good sign considering Apple is not fully utilizing all its assets in the first place.

However, from the perspective of relative fundamental performance, it underperforms the American innovator:

Samsung's cash conversion cycles averaged 50 days over the past five years, whereas Apple's cash conversion cycles were negative. Apple's 5Y operating margin of 30% greatly exceeds Samsung's 12%, and its 5Y net margin of 23% is also much, much higher than Samsung's 13%. Apple's historical returns on equity averaged 37% over the past five years, making Samsung's 20% look bad.

Despite Apple typically placing 1st or 2nd in other metrics of relative fundamental performance, the company has spent merely 8% of sales on average on R&D and CAPEX. In contrast, Samsung is spending 17%.

Google and Microsoft behave similarly with respect to R&D and CAPEX spending, and perhaps it may not be farfetched to imagine Sony, too, expanding its investments if it just generated more sales and controlled its costs better (it has the worst turnover in the peer group and the lowest margins).

It looks like Apple's peers are famished. They are hungry for success and seem intent on knocking the company off its throne if they can.

For our valuation analysis, we ran a Gordon Growth model and a two-stage DCF H-Model using a 12.17% discount rate, the risk-adjusted weighted average cost of capital. Both valuations are further adjusted for non-operating cash, debt, dilution, and other items such as a penalty for carrying goodwill on the balance sheet. These adjustments, which total to a negative $5.6 billion, exclude the $130 billion in marketable securities (worth $22 per share in value) and assume 50% of Apple's goodwill will be a waste of money and eventually discarded through impairment losses, just to be conservative

Under a scenario of stagnation, we assumed sales would instantly decline from $183 billion and steadily remain at $171 billion, from which the company would retain 25.17% as free cash flows (the 7Y average). Capitalizing this stagnant income stream results in an unadjusted enterprise value of $353.43 billion and an equity value of $347.67 billion or $59.33 per share.

Under a growth scenario, we took America's 9-year inflation rate of 2.16% as our terminal period growth, pegged the competitive advantage period of the company at 8 years to account for returns on invested capital notwithstanding declining asset turnovers and recent reductions in these same ROIC metrics, and used the 25.17% free cash flow margin as described earlier.

When we cut the trailing 3Y compounded annual growth rate ("CAGR") of sales in half and applied the resulting figure of 9.5% to sales over the next nine years - very conservative when the historical 9Y CAGR was three times this amount) - the results imply a 9Y CAGR of free cash flows equal to a conservative 8.56% a year for the same period. It also generates an unadjusted enterprise value of $857.45 billion and an equity value of $851.80 billion, or $145.24 per share.

Source: Obsido Analytics

As seen in the chart, there is a $40 difference between Book Value per share and Stagnation Value per share. The difference illustrates how strongly past management decisions and any competitive advantages played a role in Apple's current dominance.

The $53 difference between this estimated Stagnation Value and Apple's closing price on January 9th ($112 per share) reflects a 47% premium that must be forked over by investors for the future growth of the business.

Looking back, we believe this is entirely justified and moreover, worth paying. The market is selling Apple at a 23% discount to estimated intrinsic value and implies a potential upside of nearly 30% over the long term. The two-stage H-model used to generate this already accounts for bad acquisitions, ignores the potential value from $150 billion of unused assets, and pegs a relatively low CAGR in sales to boot.

Next, we take this DCF model and its adjustments and "reverse-engineer" to arrive at the expectations embedded in the market price and in Wall Street's price targets for the next 12 to 18 months. As the tables below show, their expectations appear no less conservative than ours.

Historical Compounded Annual Growth Rates:

Long story short, Apple's growth story has a fair chance of surprising us over the next decade to come, and entering now will likely lead to huge capital gains and dividend income in the future.

While Apple's return profile is compelling, we note that its risk profile is enshrouded in fog. The drivers of the tech company's growth are based on intangible things. Risk factors that can impact Apple's competitive position over the long run are specific to technological innovation and capital spending.

For a company known for its innovation, it does not appear motivated enough to pursue this aggressively. As we had written earlier, Apple is not utilizing all of its assets efficiently, it is distributing too much cash to shareholders in the form of dividends and buybacks with respect to its earnings power, and its R&D and CAPEX, relative to its annual revenues, are much less than its peers.

None of these portray Apple as a hungry innovator and raises the probability it could be over-run by another tech company at some point in the long run.

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: Obsido Capital Management, the owner of Obsido Analytics, is long AAPL and GOOG.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. 
2015-05-06
Why Warren Buffett Prefers International Business Machines Corp. Over Apple Inc. Warren Buffett is notoriously averse to investing in the tech industry, but the Oracle of Omaha nonetheless made a big investment in IBM (NYSE:IBM) stock in November 2011, and he has added to the position in recent quarters. In fact, Buffett publicly disclosed that he bought more IBM stock in the first quarter of 2015.

IBM has materially lagged the market over the last several years; the stock is down by 6% since November 2011, while the S&P 500 index gained 67% over the same period. Making the comparison look even worse, tech giant Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock has gained a massive 118% since November 2011.

In this context, Rhonda Schaffler, editor-at-large at TheStreet and anchor of TheStreet TV, recently asked Buffett if he had any regrets about having picked IBM over Apple. His response was quite straightforward: "We don't think that way, we buy businesses we think we understand at prices we like, and then we hold them for a long time."

Why Buffett won't invest in Apple

Apple offers many of the traits that Buffett typically appreciates in a business. The company is the largest listed corporation in the planet, and Buffett needs to invest in companies that are big enough to have a material impact on Berkshire Hathaway's (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) gigantic portfolio of assets.

Buffett is also all about competitive advantages, and Apple benefits from amazing brand power, one of the strongest and most sustainable sources of competitive strength. Apple is the most valuable brand in the world, according to Interbrand, which allows the company to charge higher prices for its products and deliver superior profitability for investors over time.

Its financial performance doesn t leave much to be desired, either. Sales grew 27% during the last reported quarter, and earnings per share jumped by a jaw-dropping 40%. In case this were not enough for Buffett, the stock is attractively valued: Apple trades at a P/E ratio of about 17, a discount versus S&P 500 index average in the neighborhood of 20.

On the other hand, almost 70% of Apple's revenue during the last quarter came from sales of the iPhone, a product that did not even exist until 2007. Apple was a very different company 10 years ago, and chances are it will go through many more changes over the coming decade.

Apple has disrupted industries such as computing, music, and communications. This has been enormously beneficial for investors in Apple stock, but it could also be a source of risk going forward. Buffett likes to invest in companies strong enough to survive change, as opposed to those leading change in the world.

What Buffett likes about IBM

Buffett might not be a tech expert, but he understands a thing or two about the business world. When a company is looking for important solutions in key areas such as infrastructure software or security, the vendor's reputation and trustworthiness are crucial considerations. There is an old saying in the industry: "Nobody ever got fired for buying IBM."

In a recent interview with CNBC, Buffett said his experience and access to information across the business world provide an optimistic vision about IBM: "As I talk to CEOs and managers, I feel pretty good about IBM's future".

Companies such as Wells Fargo, American Express, and BNSF Railway are part of Berkshire Hathaway's portfolio, and they also big clients of IBM. That's why IBM is another prominent name in Berkshire's portfolio. In Buffett's brilliantly simple language, "We pay a lot of money to IBM every year, and we are very likely to continue paying them a lot of money."

Buffett does not need to understand every last specific detail about the kind of technologies IBM provides to its clients. He knows major corporations around the world rely heavily on IBM for critical services and solutions, and this is unlikely to change anytime soon.

IBM is also doing an amazing job at returning capital to investors; The company has increased dividends over the last 20 consecutive years, including a recently announced 18% payout boost for 2015. Over the last decade, IBM has reduced the amount of shares outstanding by a whopping 40%, so it is aggressively using both dividends and buybacks to reward shareholders.

Keeping these considerations in mind, it's no wonder Warren Buffett finds strong reasons to invest in IBM for the long term. Companies With the Best (and Worst) Reputations Goldman Sachs has the worst reputation of any major American company. Upstate New York-based grocery chain Wegmans is the most highly-regarded company. Also notably, Samsung surpassed Apple this year as the technology company with the best reputation, and Amazon.com moved to second overall after occupying the top spot in the previous two years.

The Harris Poll Reputation Quotient, measures public opinion of the nation s most recognizable companies. Respondents were asked to rate companies based on six components: emotional appeal, products and services, vision and leadership, workplace environment, social responsibility, and financial performance. These are the companies with the best (and worst) reputations.

Click here to see the companies with the best reputations.

Click here to see the companies with the worst reputations.

A company s public image often reflects that of its industry.  Industries do certainly have their own reputations,  explained Aneysha Pearce, vice president of consulting reputation management and public affairs at Nielsen. Pearce added that the public image of an industry can affect a specific company s reputation, either positively or negatively.

This is likely one reason many of the companies with the worst reputations are in the financial services sector, including Bank of America, AIG, and Goldman Sachs. These banks, which many blame for directly contributing to the financial crisis, are still struggling to regain the public s trust. The financial sector received a score of 35 out of 100. Any score below 50 is considered a  critical  reputation.

On the other end of the spectrum, technology companies make up what is by far the best-performing sector in this study. On average, companies in this industry scored 77 overall   considered  very good.  By comparison, the next-highest industry   travel and tourism   scored 62.

One reason technology companies perform so well, while oil, financial services, and healthcare companies do not, may have to do with how we use their products.  The products and services provided by these companies often make your life easier, are fun and essential to our productivity, and in many ways create positive experiences for consumers,  according to Pearce. Government, energy and financial services companies, on the other hand, offer relatively mundane products and services.

While industry reputation is a factor, a company s reputation can still be traced to its practices. Companies with terrible reputations such as Koch Industries, Monsanto, and Dish Network are hated in large part for behaviors many consider reprehensible. Whether its gross environmental violations, perceived corruption, or consistently abysmal customer service, these companies have earned their poor reputations.

Meanwhile, some companies have been able to transcend their industry s middling reputation. Amazon.com, for example, scored second overall, beating the retail industry average by well over 20 points. According to Harris Poll, the company s success was  driven by breadth and quality of products, customer centricity and public trust. 

Many companies with the best reputations are also favorably regarded for their quality customer service, just as customers of the companies with the worst reputations often report some of the worst customer satisfaction scores. All of the most favorably regarded companies had better customer satisfaction scores than their respective industry averages. On the other hand, not only did the companies with the worst reputations generally fare worse in their respective industries, but also they operated in industries that were themselves rated poorly for customer service. Three of the 10 companies with the worst reputations had among the five, worst customer service scores, as measured by Zogby Analytics.

To determine America s most and least reputable companies, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed reputation scores among the nation s 100 most recognizable companies from the 2015 Harris Poll Reputation Quotient (RQ), produced by Harris Interactive, a subsidiary of Nielsen. The study consists of two parts: a nominations stage in which consumers identify the nation s most visible companies, followed by a ratings stage in which each company s reputation is measured on a scale of 0-100. In addition, we considered company consumer satisfaction scores from the American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI), customer service ratings based on a 24/7 Wall St.-commissioned Zogby Analytics poll, and company information and financial performance from SEC filings.

These are the companies with the best (and worst) reputations. What Apple's Buybacks Mean For Investors  Apple Inc. (AAPL) Ex-Dividend Date Scheduled for May 07, 2015 Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) will begin trading ex-dividend on May 07, 2015. A cash dividend payment of $0.52 per share is scheduled to be paid on May 14, 2015. Shareholders who purchased AAPL prior to the ex-dividend date are eligible for the cash dividend payment. This represents an 10.64% increase over the prior quarter. At the current stock price of $125.8, the dividend yield is 1.65%.

The previous trading day's last sale of AAPL was $125.8, representing a -6.5% decrease from the 52 week high of $134.54 and a 51.74% increase over the 52 week low of $82.90.

AAPL is a part of the Technology sector, which includes companies such as International Business Machines Corporation ( IBM ) and Hewlett-Packard Company ( HPQ ). AAPL's current earnings per share, an indicator of a company's profitability, is $8.09. Zacks Investment Research reports AAPL's forecasted earnings growth in 2015 as 38.44%, compared to an industry average of 3.7%.

For more information on the declaration, record and payment dates, visit the AAPL Dividend History page. Our Dividend Calendar has the full list of stocks that have an ex-dividend today.

Interested in gaining exposure to AAPL through an Exchange Traded Fund [ETF]?

The following ETF(s) have AAPL as a top-10 holding:

iShares U.S. Technology ETF ( IYW )

SPDR Select Sector Fund - Technology ( XLK )

Vanguard Information Tech ETF - DNQ ( VGT )

iShares Global Tech ETF ( IXN )

PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 ( QQQ ).

The top-performing ETF of this group is IXN with an increase of 2.52% over the last 100 days. IYW has the highest percent weighting of AAPL at 20.54%. 
2015-10-24
What Is Apple Inc.'s Internet of Things Strategy? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) typically doesn't beat its competition to new product segments or chase the latest tech trends. Instead, the company slowly releases new software and hardware that incrementally takes the company into entirely new directions.

And that's exactly what the company's doing with its Internet of Things strategy. Apple is using its HomeKit system, Apple Watch, and new automotive pursuits to advance the company's position into a future where nearly everything around us is connected to the Internet. Click through the slideshow below to find out more. 
2015-08-18
3 reasons to invest in Apple now Apple Inc. ( aapl ) has had a tough couple of weeks. The company showed strong growth in the last quarter, but the oversized expectations of Wall Street, worries about future iPhone sales, a likely weakness in the Chinese market for U.S goods due to the country s recent devaluation of its currency, and a tepid start for Apple Music, have all conspired to hammer the price of its stock. As of Tuesday, shares have fallen by almost 13% from its 52- week high of $134.54.

Yet there are still several factors working in Apple s favor, and here I list three big ones to watch:

Force Touch

Apple s new iPhone releases are always popular, but the one thing that virtually guarantees good sales is offering substantially new features. The iPhone 6 family, for example, offered much larger displays than previous models and a nifty fingerprint reader that enabled easy access from the lock screen. The device generated record-breaking sales for the company in the first few quarters of its release.

The iPhone 6S (or 7), which is expected to come out this fall, will reportedly have the Force Touch feature. Force Touch, currently available on the Apple Watch and MacBook Pro, enables the device to distinguish between light taps and longer ones, and assign different functions to them. That lets users access commonly used commands quickly and without having to go through multiple steps, which is very useful for everything from emails to maps.

Force Touch isn t wildly radical, but its addition to the iPhone could provide a big boost to the phone s utility and enhance the user experience. That will likely keep the iPhone relevant and fresh in a competitive marketplace, at least for another cycle, and that is what investors should focus on.

Dr. Dre

Dr. Dre s first album in 16 years, Compton: A Soundtrack , has been a modest hit for Apple so far. The album was streamed 25 million times during its first week on Apple Music, grabbing the No. 2 spot on the Billboard charts. While the album s performance was less impressive than that of some competitors, many of which benefit from Spotify s larger user base, it s worth remembering that it s still early days for Apple Music. Dr. Dre s album may just be the beginning of a long and successful run.

In addition, Straight Outta Compton , the Universal Pictures biopic chronicling the rise and fall of the rap group N.W.A., surpassed analyst expectations when it opened to $56.1 million over weekend. The movie is being propelled by great reviews, cultural relevance due to the current racial tensions in the U.S., and strong word of mouth. If the movie maintains its momentum, it should boost Dr. Dre s album and generate free publicity for Apple Music.

Dr. Dre s return to the spotlight could also help to propel sales of Beats headphones, which Apple acquired from the rap star in 2014. While Beats is a relatively small part of Apple s business and Apple Music has basically cannibalized Beats Music, the headphones business has the potential to grow through cross promotion with Apple Music. The popularity of Dr. Dre s new album could at least create a marketing splash for the Beats brand, which can only help.

Share Buybacks

Earlier this year, Apple increased its reserve for share buybacks through March 2017 to $200 billion and has been extremely active in this area. With healthy cash flows and a strong balance sheet, it s only logical that the company would seek to increase value for its shareholders by boosting earnings per share. More importantly, it provides a valuable-cushioning mechanism for stock volatility and creates potential upside for the stock.

Last quarter, the company bought back 31 million of its own shares in the open market and 38 million more shares directly from big financial institutions, arguably breaking at least some of the fall from the dumping of shares by many large investors.

That s good news for two reasons. First, the company s willingness to repurchase its shares provides a necessary counterparty for wholesale sellers, who could otherwise crash the market with an excess of supply. Second, a decrease in the number of shares pushes up earnings per share for the remaining investors and at the same price-to-earnings ratio can give the stock a bump. If the market continues to value Apple at the same multiple, higher earnings would mean a higher price.

Of course, there are risks. Apple s price-to-earnings ratio isn t static; it depends on several factors, including weighted-average number of shares over time, the price at which buybacks are executed, and the market s view of potential earnings in the future. Those earnings could be hurt by countless other factors, including a decline in the popularity of the iPhone (unlikely but possible), poor performance by new products like the Apple Watch, lack of traction by Apple Music to compete with Spotify, a commercial failure of Apple s self-driving car project, prolonged softness in the Chinese market, and other things.

But in the meantime, at a pretty modest 12.7 times price-to-2015-earnings ratio, the stock seems like a good investment. Particularly if you consider that other technology companies like Facebook ( fb ) are trading at substantially higher levels.

S. Kumar is a tech and business commentator. He has worked in technology, media, and telecom investment banking. He does not own any shares of the companies mentioned in this article. Why Apple, Inc. Copied One of Google's Greatest Branding Strategies Something interesting happened last year. In many ways, 2014 marked the beginning of the end of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) signature "i" branding. In fact, the last time Apple launched anything with the "i" brand was iCloud in 2011. That was four years ago.

Last year marked the first major introduction of a new product category in several years, and Apple's first smartwatch was officially named Apple Watch -- not iWatch. Apple's new payment service was also dubbed Apple Pay -- not iPay. Apple continued this trend this year with the launch of its on-demand music streaming service Apple Music -- not iMusic.

This is a branding strategy that Google (NASDAQ:GOOG)(NASDAQ:GOOGL) has successfully implemented for years. Initially, Google had tried a form of "G" branding with services such as Gtalk or Gmail, but the search giant shifted to "Google [product or service]" pretty promptly. Sure, Google has a wide range of trademarks related to Android and its countless side projects, but it has stuck by the "Google [product or service]" format for all of its flagship offerings.

Here's why Apple is right to copy this strategy.

It's more sustainable in the long term

The original iMac was the first product to incorporate the "i" branding, which was launched nearly two decades ago in 1998. Since then, how many iProducts or iServices have been brought to market that have utterly nothing to do with Apple? A lot, and that's the problem. You can attach an "i" to any word, and it's not like Apple is going to go out and get trademarks for "i" combined with every word in the dictionary.

Since appending "i" to the beginning of a word is infinitely reproducible, the result over time has been a significant dilution of the brand. Apple doesn't want that. It doesn't want to be associated with the countless number of companies trying to piggyback on its branding. Instead, shifting to an "Apple [product or service]" is a better solution because it is easier to defend and less generic.

Consider the iPad, which was the last hardware product to launch with "i" branding in 2010. You may not be aware that "iPAD" was an existing trademark well before Apple launched its tablet. The bitter irony here is that a small Chinese company named Proview owned the iPAD trademark in China, using the name while ripping off Apple's iMac. Shortly after Apple announced the iPad tablet, Proview threw a fit when Apple tried to launch its tablet in China. Apple settled with Proview, which was in the process of going bankrupt, for $60 million in 2012.

This is the perfect example of why it was time to ditch the "i" branding strategy, and perhaps its not a coincidence that Apple hasn't launched an "i" product or service since.

What happens now?

Ken Segall, the marketing consultant who initially came up with the iMac name, suggested last year that Apple might consider transitioning its existing brands to the new format. Imagine Apple Phone and Apple Pad instead of iPhone and iPad.

This seems unlikely, though, since Apple's existing "i" brands are incredibly strong and enjoy instant global recognition, much like Gmail. But going forward, the "i" seems to have seen its last days, even if the broader media still casually sticks to referring to rumored products such as the iCar in this way.

From here on out, investors should expect only "Apple" products and services. It won't be iCar -- it will be Apple Car. Apple Inc's App Store Sales Hit a Record $1.7 Billion in July Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) recently announced that its App Store transactions hit a record monthly high of $1.7 billion in July. It also stated that it had paid $33 billion to app store developers to date, up from $20 billion last July. $8 billion of that was paid out in 2015 alone.

Apple attributed much of that growth to China, but it didn't disclose exact figures. But according to a report from App Annie, Apple's App Store downloads in China climbed about 30% annually in the first quarter of 2015, helping it surpass the U.S. as the top source of iOS downloads in the world. That's not surprising, since Apple's total sales to the Greater China region more than doubled annually and accounted for 27% of its top line last quarter. Let's take a closer look at what that growth means for Apple, and how it compares to Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) app store sales.

Why the App Store matters to Apple

Both Apple and Google retain a 30% cut of their app store sales. Therefore, $8 billion in payments to developers implies that Apple's App Store generated roughly $3.4 billion in revenue for the company since the beginning of the year. Yet that represents just a sliver of Apple's $107.6 billion in revenues over its last two quarters.

However, the business is growing rapidly. In January, Apple announced that App Store gross billings in 2014 rose 50% annually, generating over $10 billion in revenues for developers. This implies that the business generated about $4.3 billion in revenues last year for Apple.

Apple reports App Store revenues alongside iTunes, Apple Pay, and other services in its "Services" division, which posted a 12% annual increase in revenues last quarter. Rising App Store sales can help offset declines in iTunes, which has been hurt by the rising of streaming music services like Spotify.

Google is falling behind

Last year, Google Play generated nearly 60% more app downloads than Apple's App Store, according to App Annie. However, Apple's App Store also generated over 70% more in revenues than Google Play during the year.

Based on Apple's claim of $10 billion in 2014 billings, that would suggest that Google paid out just $3 billion to developers after it took its 30% cut. That would mean that Google Play generated just over a billion dollars in revenue for the search giant last year. That disparity is stunning, considering that Android runs on nearly 80% of smartphones and over half of all tablets worldwide. By comparison, iOS runs on less than a fifth of all smartphones and 40% of all tablets.

Why Apple is winning

Google Android is installed on more devices worldwide, but the OS is a fragmented mess. As of this writing, only 18% of all Android devices worldwide have been upgraded to Lollipop 5.0/5.1. Thirty-nine percent of devices still run on KitKat 4.4, while the remainder run on earlier versions. Android hardware is also fragmented across roughly a thousand smartphone makers worldwide.

For developers, that fragmentation makes it tough to develop bug-free apps. By comparison, Apple hardware is the same across each generation, and iOS fragmentation is minimal, thanks to OTA updates. As a result, many developers launch apps for iOS first, and only port them to Android if they become popular enough.

Another problem is that Android users simply don't spend much money on apps. Last June, Andreessen Horowitz's Benedict Evans estimated that Android's ARPU (average revenue per user) was "roughly a quarter" of iOS. Evans claimed that this was due to the fact that Android handsets were cheaper, thus attracting frugal users, and that they were more dominant in lower-income countries.

Lastly, Google Play remains banned in mainland China. This forced many Chinese OEMs to launch their own Android app stores, which don't generate any revenue for Google. Apple, on the other hand, remained in China's good graces by ensuring that only government-approved apps were uploaded to its Chinese App Store.

The key takeaway

Apple's App Store revenue doesn't account for a meaningful percentage of its top line yet, but it will likely keep growing. More importantly, its growth can offset the decline of iTunes, Apple's main source of digital revenue prior to the arrival of iPhones and iPads. It also reveals that while Google dominates mobile operating systems worldwide, it faces a tough uphill battle in monetizing those users. 
2015-09-29
1 Potential Risk to Apple Inc. Stock During the iPhone 6s Cycle The Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6s is, in my view, the most impressive smartphone Apple has ever built and, indeed, the most impressive smartphone on the market today. Its performance is stunning, its display beautiful, the cameras are superb, and 3D Touch is really cool.

Indeed, Apple really went all-out with the 6s. Aside from the underlying LCD panel, seemingly every component was upgraded from the iPhone 6. From the perspective of a consumer, I couldn't be happier. However, from an investment perspective, I think that the substantial improvements that Apple has brought to the 6s might pose a risk to the company's overall profits during the 6s cycle.

Better may mean "more expensive"

In going from the 6 to the 6s, Apple made the following component upgrades (at least as far as I can tell):

Larger applications processor built on a more advanced manufacturing technology

Move from cheaper LPDDR3 to faster, more expensive LPDDR4 memory; doubling of RAM from 1GB to 2GB

Upgrade from the Qualcomm NASDAQ:QCOM)

Additional RF content to support the more advanced cellular system

Upgrade of the metal housing from cheaper 6000-series aluminum to stronger, more expensive 7000-series aluminum

More advanced front and rear cameras

Better Touch ID

3D Touch support

Introducing new features and capabilities in each generation is par for the course for iPhone. However, the sheer number of upgrades that Apple introduced in going from iPhone 6 to 6s is seemingly unprecedented for iPhone.

Although Apple brings enough volumes to the table that it likely gets significant "volume discounts" on the components that it buys, I still think that the iPhone 6s is materially more expensive to build today than the iPhone 6 was at the beginning of its cycle.

Since Apple hasn't raised the prices of its iPhones, the increased cost structure in going from the iPhone 6 to the iPhone 6s may have an adverse impact on the company's per-unit gross profit margins.

Why I'd really like to see year-over-year unit growth with iPhone 6s/6s Plus

If I'm correct that Apple sees fewer gross profit margin dollars per iPhone 6s sold than it did with the iPhone 6, then that's not necessarily a bad thing. Indeed, if these additional features can compel buyers to upgrade and ultimately drive iPhone unit growth, then the gross margin dollars associated with the additional revenue can potentially more than offset the per-unit cost increases.

Let's use a "toy" example to understand this (note: the numbers I'm using here are made up and for illustrative purposes).

Suppose that Apple's iPhone 6 average selling prices were $700 and it cost the company $350 to manufacture the devices. Now also suppose that Apple sells 1,000 of these phones. This would imply $700,000 in revenue and $350,000 in gross margin dollars.

Next, suppose that Apple's iPhone 6s average selling prices are also $700 and that it costs the company $380 to manufacture each device. Obviously, if Apple sells 1,000 of these units, it will make less money than it did selling 1,000 iPhone 6 models last year. However, if these new features help the company grow sales by more than 9.4% from last year, then the company can grow its total gross profits.

The way I like to think of it is as a positive feedback loop: the faster Apple can grow its sales, the better it can afford to make its iPhones while still delivering increased profits to its stockholders.

There are many in the investment community that believe Apple will see flat-to-down iPhone sales during this cycle as a result of the massive success of the iPhone 6. If this turns out to be the case, then Apple's profitability in its coming fiscal year could decline, posing a risk to Apple shares. Will The iPhone Launch Boost The Stock Market? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has reported this week that it has sold a record number of new iPhones in the first three days since the launch of the new models. Apple s share price has been trending downward since its all-time high of $132.37 in July. Both Apple s stock and the S&P 500 have historically underperformed in the week following iPhone launches.

On Monday, Apple announced record sales for its iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus models that launched over the weekend. In just three days, Apple reportedly sold 13 million iPhones worldwide.

While the popularity of the new devices is certainly good news for shareholders, Apple investors are hoping that the launch can provide a short-term boost to the company s floundering share price.

Bumpy Ride

Following the launch of the Apple Watch earlier this year, Apple s share price reached an all-time high of $132.37 back in July. When the Dow Jones plummeted 1,000 points in late August, Apple briefly dropped as low as $92.00 before recovering to its current $110-level price.

The stock has mostly trended lower since the July high, and shareholders have been looking to the launch of the new iPhone to provide a catalyst for the stock.

Related Link: FourSquare Was Right: Apple Sets Records With iPhone 6S

History Has Not Been Kind

Unfortunately, Apple s stock is down 3.8 percent so far since the weekend iPhone launch. While a drop this large is not typical in the days following an iPhone launch, history shows that Apple shareholders have rarely been rewarded in the week following the release of a new iPhone model.

Since the release of the first iPhone model back in 2007, Apple s stock has averaged a -0.60 percent one-week return following an iPhone launch. In fact, the stock has produced positive one-week returns only twice in eight releases, and this week is on track to make it two for nine.

S&P 500 Weakness

In addition to Apple s disappointing share price performance, the S&P 500 is on pace for its fifth weekly decline of the past six post-iPhone launch weeks.

While Apple may be selling more iPhones than ever, the most successful product at the world s largest public company has done very little for investor returns so far.

Disclosure: The author holds no position in the stocks mentioned.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: iPhone iPhone 6S iPhone 6s Plus Quant S&P 500Education Tech General Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-06-10
Apple Inc. Co-Founder Steve Wozniak Believes The Internet of Things Bubble ... Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) co-founder Steve Wozniak recently warned that the Internet of Thing, or IoT, market could be reaching a "bubble phase" comparable to the dot-com bust in the late 1990s.

Speaking at the World Business Forum in Sydney, Australia, Wozniak said, "I feel it's kind of like a bubble, because there is a pace at which human beings can change the way they do things." He pointed out there were "tons of companies starting up," but that some might have overestimated the appeal of connecting everyday objects to the Internet.

Wozniak isn't the only one who thinks the IoT market might be getting ahead of itself. At Gigaom's Structure Connect event last October, IBM (NYSE:IBM) Vice President of IoT Paul Brody said the market was in "a classic bubble phase," and that most of the data being accumulated on these devices was "useless".

Should investors heed Wozniak and Brody's advice before believing bullish forecasts about the IoT industry?

Irrational industry hype

In the tech world, there's no concrete definition for a "bubble." However, one way to gauge bubble-like growth is through irrational industry hype.

It's easy to find bullish forecasts on the IoT market. Cisco believes the number of connected devices worldwide will double from 25 billion in 2015 to 50 billion in 2020. IDC claims the global IoT market will grow from $1.9 trillion in 2013 to $7.1 trillion by 2020. That's why tech giants such as Google and Apple are pushing into smart homes, connected cars, wearable devices, and mobile payments.

Spotting that trend, start-ups are flooding the market with IoT and wearable devices for even the silliest niches. A fart-analyzing wearable, a sex-tracking wearable, and a smart bra that detects binge eating all indicate developers are getting carried away with connecting things to the Internet.

On start-up tracking site AngelList, the number of IoT-related start-ups surged from 63 in May 2013 to 1,074 as of this writing. Yet only a handful of those companies might produce IoT or wearable devices that appeal to mainstream consumers.

What about valuations?

Another way to spot an industry bubble is to check the valuations of the publicly traded companies in that sector. Three pure-play IoT and wearable stocks to check are Sierra Wireless (NASDAQ:SWIR), Skyworks Solutions (NASDAQ:SWKS), and InvenSense (NYSE:INVN).

Sierra Wireless is the world's top manufacturer of 2G, 3G, and 4G LTE embedded modules and gateways. Skyworks Solutions produces analog and mixed signal semiconductors for a wide variety of industries. The two companies' products represent the basic conduits between objects and the Internet of Things. InvenSense manufactures motion sensors for the majority of non-Apple smartwatches.

As we can see from their trailing P/S ratios over the past five years, these companies' valuations aren't anywhere near dot-com bubble levels yet:

For example, Cisco's P/S surged to 23 in 2000 right before the dot-com bust. That year, Intel had an average P/S ratio of 11, while Microsoft traded at 17 times sales. Therefore, comparisons between the dot-com bubble and the IoT market might be hyperbolic.

Splitting up the market

The problem with claims that the "IoT bubble" could burst is that they sometimes clump too many categories of products together.

Some markets, such as smart homes and connected cars, could grow at a healthy rate. A recent Coldwell Banker Real Estate survey found that 64% of sales associates believed buyers were more interested in homes with smart features than they were two to five years ago. As for cars, a survey by Accenture found that only 6% of respondents were "not using, nor interested" in using connected navigation systems, and just 14% weren't interested in using infotainment systems for entertainment. Meanwhile, the industrial IoT market -- which helps companies automate tasks and analyze data -- will likely keep growing because it cuts costs and boosts efficiency.

As for the wacky market of wearables, a few leaders, such as the Apple Watch, will likely rise to the top while others fade away. Yet many start-ups are still unveiling new wearables products, while angel investors and venture capitalists keep backing them.

A bubble hasn't formed yet...

For a bubble to truly form, mainstream investors must actively prop up the market -- like the way they invested in tech companies during the dot-com bubble. Yet that hasn't really happened yet.

Most of the "hype" comes from the media, crowdfunding sites, and VCs. Publicly traded pure-play IoT and wearable companies aren't trading at huge premiums yet, while larger companies such as IBM and Intel have only recently launched IoT units as long-term investments. The IoT market is certainly growing, but just like any other growing industry, plenty of hopeful start-ups could be crushed along the way. How Apple's WWDC Presentation Could Ignite Apple Watch Sales Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) kicked off the 2015 Worldwide Developers Conference with a lengthy presentation regarding OS X, iOS, Swift and the firm's new music service. It was everything a developer could hope for, but some investors wanted more.

"I, like most of Wall Street, was disappointed with it," Cody Willard, chairman of Scutify and Futr, told Benzinga. "I wasn't expecting anything big announced this soon after the Apple Watch had been released, but the [event was] too long."

Willard said the event was "boring" while Global Equities Research analyst Trip Chowdhry praised everything except the Apple Music reveal. Rob Enderle, principal analyst at Enderle Group, kept his expectations in check.

"It's a developer conference," Enderle told Benzinga. "Their developers are making more money than anybody else right now. The key point was the $30 billion [paid to developers]. That's the important part."

Kartik Chandrayana, co-founder and CEO of Twin Prime (a startup that wants to make apps run faster), thinks there might be more value coming out of WWDC than investors realize.

"The Watch OS announcement was one of the highlights for me," Chandrayana told Benzinga. "It really broadens the appeal for Watch and makes it viable as a standalone. Developers can build native apps on Watch -- i.e., they don't have to use a phone to access some functionalities."

Given that Apple has native Wi-Fi access on the watch, Chandrayana said that developers "can now build any app on it, even ones which go to the network to fetch data."

Chowdhry has noted many times that by having more apps, Apple can sell more watches. Thus, this could be the first step in boosting Apple Watch sales.

"It will be interesting to see how fast the apps are, as there were already some recent news on the slow speed of apps on the Apple Watch," Chandrayana noted.

Related Link: Apple Pay Exclusive Discounts Are 'Entirely Possible'

'Playing Catch Up'

Chandrayana may have been impressed with the Apple Watch updates, but he (like everyone else) noted that Apple had taken a few things from its competitors.

"Apple's announcements on iOS were playing catch up to some functionalities which are present on other platforms," he said. "One thing I enjoyed a lot was giving access to developers to search inside the apps. The search on mobile phone is completely broken and this announcement will help fix that."

Just For M-Commerce

Chandrayana expects Apple Pay to be a "big boon for m-commerce."

"It takes away the pain of filling out credit card information on a small screen without worrying about security," he added. "Apple mentioned that merchants who use Apple Pay are seeing a 2X increase in checkout rate."

Chandrayana also praised the battery life improvements for Apple's iDevices.

"Apple managed to squeeze an extra hour of battery life out of iOS 9," he concluded. "That's huge. [It] will be great to see where those gains come from. Maybe they will share some more information with developers on it, so that we can all design efficient, battery conserving apps."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Apple Watch Cody Willard Kartik Chandrayana Rob Enderle Trip ChowdhryTop Stories Exclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-08-25
Apple Inc. May Be Preparing a Mac Pro Refresh for Early 2016 In late 2013, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) updated the Mac Pro. The refreshed system offered substantial performance improvements over the prior-generation model as a result of much newer internals as well as a completely revamped and a novel industrial design.

Nearly two years after Apple introduced the "new" Mac Pro, the device has yet to be refreshed. That said, I believe that Apple will roll out updated Mac Pro systems with upgraded internals early next year.

Is Apple upgrading the Mac Pro on node shrinks?

The late 2013 Mac Pro uses Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) Xeon E5 v2 processor family, also known as Ivy Bridge-EP. When the current Mac Pro launched, these were Intel's most powerful workstation processors.

About a year later, Intel launched its Xeon E5 v3 processor family, known as Haswell-EP. These chips are built on the same 22-nanometer manufacturing technology that the Xeon E5 v2 chips are, but the chips include enhanced CPU cores and more of them.

Apple has not chosen to adopt these processors for its current Mac Pro products, which still ship with the older Xeon E5 v2 processors.

This leads me to believe that Apple plans to update its Mac Pro lineup whenever Intel moves to a new manufacturing technology ("ticks" in Intel's "tick-tock" cadence), skipping the architectural updates on a given manufacturing technology.

If true, this means a new Mac Pro is coming early next year

Intel is expected to launch its next-generation Xeon E5 v4 processors, also known as Broadwell-EP, in either the end of 2015 or early in 2016. I would expect that Apple will adopt these processors in a Mac Pro refresh shortly after they become widely available.

With a move to Broadwell-EP, Apple's Mac Pro looks set to receive a substantial performance boost. Such a boost should come from both a two-generation jump in the underling processor architecture as well as the increase in processor core counts that will surely come with Broadwell-EP relative to Ivy Bridge-EP.

The current Mac Pro can be configured to include processors starting with four CPU cores going all the way up to 12 CPU cores. Broadwell-EP is expected to come in configurations sporting up to 22 CPU cores, which opens the door for substantial processor improvements at all Mac Pro price points.

It's too early to say whether Apple will actually offer systems with up to 22 cores at the high end, but even an increase to, say, 18 cores for the top model would represent a major performance boost for the kinds of professional workloads that the Mac Pro is designed for.

In addition to a processor upgrade, I believe that a Mac Pro released early next year will feature newer graphics processors, should Advanced Micro Devices -- the current supplier of graphics processors into the Mac Pro -- release updated professional graphics processors.

What does this mean for Apple stock?

The Mac Pro is a relatively low-volume product for Apple, so any increase in demand as a result of a refreshed product probably won't have too much of an impact on the company's top and bottom lines.

Indeed, on Apple's January 2014 earnings call, CEO Tim Cook said that Apple was "happy to begin selling the all-new Mac Pro last month," but made no mention of the device on the following call, which I believe supports the notion that the Mac Pro simply isn't a material driver of the company's financial results. Has Apple Found The Holy Grail Of Electric Vehicles?  Apple Loses German Top Court Case on Swipe-to-Unlock Patent Judges on Tuesday said that the iPhone maker s method didn t reach a level of sophistication needed to award patent protection.

Apple Inc. lost a ruling at Germany s top civil court over a patent for unlocking smartphones with a finger swipe.

Judges on Tuesday said that the iPhone maker s method didn t reach a level of sophistication needed to award patent protection -- backing an earlier patent tribunal ruling in favor of Lenovo Group Ltd. s Motorola Mobility Holdings Inc.

 This user-friendly display was already suggested by the state of the art,  the Karlsruhe-based court wrote.  The contested patent thus isn t based on an invention. 

Apple s German press office didn t immediately reply to an e-mail seeking comment.

Samsung Electronics Co. had initially joined Motorola Mobility in the case, but later withdrew.

In 2012, Apple won a Munich court injunction against Motorola Mobility based on the patent. That case is pending on appeal and was stayed to wait for the outcome of Tuesday s suit.

Today s case is BGH, X ZR 110/13. Brian White: China, Market Malaise Is Creating 'Irrational' Valuation For Apple Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) shares have declined over 21 percent since July 27, closing at $103.12 on August 24, over growing concerns related to China.

(NASDAQ: AAPL) shares have declined over 21 percent since July 27, closing at $103.12 on August 24, over growing concerns related to China. Cantor Fitzgerald's Brian J White reiterated a Buy rating on the company, with a price target of $195.

Fears related to China are overblown and the company is poised for robust growth in the region, White believes.

Analyst Brian White said the growing concerns related to China had taken Apple's stock to  severely depressed valuation levels.  White believes that these are overblown, highlighting that  4G expansion in China, the rise of the middle class and Apple s expansion across the country  are likely to continue to provide  big  growth opportunities to the company.

Greater China, which comprises of Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, represented 27 percent of Apple s 3QFY15 sales and sales from this region were up 112 percent year-over-year.

The growth in China sales was driven by  a larger form factor iPhone, an expanding relationship with China Mobile and the benefit of easy comparison's given the later than expected ramp (and supply constraints) of the iPhone 6/6 Plus in Mainland China,  the Cantor Fitzgerald report mentioned.

White said that iPhone 6 s popularity in China is high even though Apple is yet to make a push into Tier 3-5 cities and that only 12 percent of 4G LTE in the Asian nation had been penetrated. Apple intends to further expand the number of its retail and online stores.

The longevity of the larger iPhone cycle, the ramp of Apple Watch, new expansion opportunities across China, the emerging opportunities in India and an ever-strengthening global brand are expected to drive Apple s performance in the future, White added.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Cantor FitzgeraldAnalyst Color Long Ideas Reiteration Analyst Ratings Movers Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Top German court rejects Apple Inc touchscreen patent appeal - Reuters  
2015-06-25
Apple Inc. (AAPL): A Dividend-Paying Stock with Growth Potential Overview

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) primarily designs, manufactures, and markets a variety of mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and digital music players, in addition to selling related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content.

Some of their product offerings include the iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, and the Apple Watch. Their software solutions include the iOS, OS X operating systems, and the company offers cloud service via iCloud.

Net sales by operating segment were as follows for fiscal year 2014: Americas, 36%; Europe, 22%; Greater China, 16%; Retail, 12%; Japan, 8%; and Rest of Asia Pacific, 6%.

Net sales by product type for FY 2014 were: iPhone, 56%; iPad, 17%; Mac, 13%; iTunes, Software and Services, 10%; Accessories, 3%; and iPod, 1%.

Apple is currently the world s largest publicly traded company by market capitalization.

Incredible Second Quarter

I mentioned when I initiated my position in AAPL back in April that I was going to look for an opportunity to add to it at some point in time. Well, this is that point in time.

What swayed me to add to it so quickly?

An incredible second quarter.

Let s see: Revenue that had increased $12.4 billion YOY. EPS up 40.4% compared to Q2 2014. A record for sales of iPhone and Mac, as well as a record performance for the App Store. 71% YOY increase in revenue for the Greater China segment. A cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities pile that has grown to over $190 billion

Wow.

They also increased the dividend by 10.6% and increased the total buyback authorization from the $90 billion announced last year to $140 billion. For perspective, that buyback authorization adds up to 20% of the current market cap of the company.

What that means is that Apple needs very little or really no core growth in the business at all to deliver solid EPS growth and dividend increases to shareholders. And that s because the massive profit the firm generates is about to get cut into a lot less pieces. Add in the kind of growth they re still posting and this stock could certainly surprise in regards to overall growth, especially with the company coming off of such a large base. Meanwhile, the Apple Watch hasn t even been figured into this yet.

I admittedly waited far too long to initiate a position in Apple, but it just didn t really fit my portfolio until somewhat recently. Sticking to my strategy means I ll surely miss out on some winners here and there. But I ll also weed out a lot of losers.

Nevertheless, I m certainly happy to be along for this exciting ride.

Risks

AAPL is, of course, not without risks. I ll highlight a few.

Primarily, the company faces intense competition across its entire spectrum of product lines, especially in the smartphone and tablet space. The iPhone is by far their most important product and accounts for the majority of revenue. As such, any competitive pressures here could harm the firm. This reliance on the iPhone is also concerning from a diversification standpoint.

In addition, Apple s products are typically sold at a premium to their competitors. This leads to high margins, but it could hurt them in emerging markets where price is a major factor.

Meanwhile, the tech space changes quickly. If the company isn t able to keep pace and offer the best tech with the best experience, it could harm their ability to not only sell products, but also the ability to continue selling at a premium.

Lastly, they face currency and geopolitical risks like any other international company.

Valuation

The stock s P/E ratio is 15.71 right now. That s actually quite a bit lower than the P/E ratio of 16.92 that the stock sported when I initiated my position due to the blockbuster Q2, so even though the stock is approximately the same price, it s actually quite a bit cheaper now. The current P/E ratio is well below that of the market, though it is in line with AAPL s five-year average. It s perhaps a bit perplexing to see the stock at this level even though the company is still growing so quickly.

I valued shares using a two-stage dividend discount model analysis with a 10% discount rate. I used a dividend growth rate of 14% for the first ten years and a terminal dividend growth rate of 7%. I lowered the initial dividend growth rate from the 15% I used in April to 14% now to account for the most recent dividend raise that was a bit under 11%. The DDM analysis gives me a fair value of $131.48.

So even though I used a lower growth rate, I now get a higher value. That s because the dividend is higher now. All in all, the stock is really worth much more now than it was in April. The company s overall cash pile has grown by about $40 billion, profit is way up, the dividend is higher, and there are now less shares outstanding. It s quite possible my valuation is even on the conservative side due to the modest payout ratio and strong buybacks that could allow for much higher overall dividend growth rate for the next couple decades (meaning my terminal rate might be quite conservative). But one has to weigh that potential against the inherent risks in tech, which is why I m being conservative.

Conclusion

I m certainly pleased to have had the opportunity to add to my position here. And even though I didn t average down in price, I did average down in value. As always, price and value are not one and the same. And when buying stocks, I look at value, not price. Price only tells me how much money I need to exchange for equity. Value tells me what I m actually getting and what that stock is worth.

I mentioned my desire to buy more AAPL when sharing my watch list for June, so I decided to use some of the cash from the LO acquisition to make that happen.

Apple has the capability to aggressively grow the dividend for the foreseeable future. The payout ratio is approximately the same now as it was back in April, even though the dividend was increased more than 10%. And that s because EPS continues to climb. The company could increase the dividend annually at a rate well into the double digits for the next decade even without underlying EPS growth and the dividend would still be well covered. Of course, what s more likely is that profit continues to climb, the dividend grows at an attractive rate, and the payout ratio remains comfortably low for years to come.

There s a possibility that Apple is undervalued right now, perhaps significantly so. It depends in large part on how well the Apple Watch sells, whether or not international growth and sales remain strong, how exactly Apple uses that massive and growing cash pile, and, most importantly, the sales of the current iteration and future versions of the iPhone. But if Carl Icahn is to be believed, the stock is worth $240 right now. 
2015-10-17
Alphabet Inc. -- Not Apple -- Could Revolutionize the Set-Top Box Pay-TV subscribers spend an estimated $232 per household each year on set-top boxes provided by their cable company. As alarming as that sounds -- considering even the newest high-end set top box from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) costs just $199 -- subscribers often don't have a choice: 99% of subscribers are renting set-top boxes, and the pay-TV providers won't even give them the option of buying them.

A group of consumer-tech companies, including Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) and TiVo (NASDAQ:TIVO), are petitioning the FCC to break cable's control over the estimated $19.5 billion set-top-box industry, according to Bloomberg Business. While still a long way off in the future, the coalition could have a drastic impact on cable companies' video subscriber revenues while revolutionizing the way we consume television.

The future of TV is ...

At Apple's September keynote, where it unveiled the new Apple TV, CEO Tim Cook told the audience, "The future of TV is apps." The company showed off a number of apps in the new tvOS app store that provided tons of great content. However, the vast majority of top-quality content is still locked inside the cable bundle, and networks have deals with pay-TV providers that keep most of that content from being accessible through apps.

As a result, proprietary set-top boxes with mediocre user interfaces remain the primary way we access television. Even as digital video consumption has nearly quadrupled over the past five years, time spent watching traditional television among U.S. adults has fallen by just 7% to four hours and 15 minutes every day.

Alphabet and TiVo want to break up pay-TV's hold on set top boxes, essentially rendering cable providers as content wholesalers. (Considering the de facto regional monopolies the government provided cable companies, that should be their position anyway.) That would unlock content for third-party hardware and software makers to integrate into their own set-top boxes. Consumers could have more choice, be free from the high fees associated with pay-TV services' set top boxes, and could finally access a decent user interface.

Opening up pay-TV content to third-party set-top boxes would also enable streaming services to behave just like another cable network -- putting them on equal footing with other premium networks. That's one reason Alphabet is keen to support third-party set-top boxes, since it owns Google and its YouTube subsidiary. YouTube could see a big benefit from listings next to traditional television.

The benefits for TiVo are obvious. The DVR pioneer could more easily replace pay-TV-provided set-top boxes and charge subscribers -- who are already used to paying a monthly DVR fee -- its own subscription fee. TiVo subscriptions start at $14.99 per month.

The cable companies' defense

Cable companies aren't staying quiet as Alphabet et al. ask the FCC to review set-top boxes. A group of pay-TV providers wrote in a joint statement that allowing device manufacturers to reconfigure traditional television content would turn their businesses "into suppliers of programming for commercial use by third parties."

But that's not really accurate. That statement implies that hardware makers would be selling pay-TV subscriptions, but it would be up to consumers to provide the cable TV subscription. Those subscriptions would still be bought directly from pay-TV providers.

The only difference is that consumers wouldn't be forced to pay cable companies $232 per household every year for access to some hardware and software they don't even really want. And, of course, that's revenue the cable companies desperately want. As total video subscribers shrink, these companies are looking for ways to increase the average cable bill.

Many cable companies tout their set-top boxes as differentiators, using them to defend against growing IPTV services from the telcos and ever-present satellite TV options. Still, most set-top box software from pay-TV providers pales in comparison to what's available from third parties such as Apple, Roku, Google, and TiVo.

Bloomberg Business says the FCC is probably still several years away from making a decision, but cable operators had better start making improvements to their set-top boxes fast. Otherwise, they risk losing out on a collective $19.5 billion in revenue. 
2015-08-06
1 Key Advantage Apple, Inc. Has Over Fitbit It may not look like it quite yet, but there's a storm brewing. The wearable fitness market is exploding right about now, and while Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) is currently the undisputed market leader with 85% market share, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) hopes to change that in the coming years with Apple Watch. On one hand, it's possible that there's limited overlap between the two companies' target markets, but inevitably the pair will have to compete.

Much like how the iPhone disrupted many markets for single-function devices like music players and point-and-shoot cameras, Apple Watch could potentially do the same thing for wearable fitness trackers, even if that particular market is barely older than the smartwatch market. Why wear two devices when one will suffice?

More specifically, there's an important challenge that Fitbit faces that isn't necessarily related to Apple. Fitbit detailed this red flag in its prospectus: Only half of its registered users qualify as active users. That suggests that Fitbit has a problem with its user abandonment rate, which just so happens to be a department where Apple excels.

To read between the lines or to not read between the lines?

Fitbit has warned investors not to read too deeply into the active user metrics, saying that the figures aren't accurate proxies for engagement. But at the same time, how can you not be worried? After all, despite its best efforts thus far, Fitbit is still predominantly a hardware company, in which case eventually (after the adoption phase) it will rely on consumer upgrades to drive revenue. No one upgrades a device that they don't use.

Think about the most common New Year's resolution out there: to start exercising and get in better shape. Roughly 80% of the New Year's crowd that sign up for gym memberships cancel by mid-February. My wife once had a Jawbone Up; we don't even know where it is anymore. What happens if the same thing happens to Fitbit?

Last year, Endeavor Partners put out a white paper on wearables, and the researcher found that abandonment rates are incredibly high -- a third of users abandon wearables after six months. It's worse for activity trackers than for smartwatches. This was well before Apple Watch launched. For now, wearables are still in the adoption phase, so Fitbit has plenty of runway ahead of it, but in the long term, it could have a serious problem as the market matures sales transition from first-time purchases to upgrades.

Apple Watch usage is strong so far

It's already widely documented how little Apple was willing to say about Apple Watch's sales performance last quarter. Even though Tim Cook wouldn't elaborate about financials, he did mention some encouraging data on customer satisfaction and usage:

The feedback from Apple Watch customers is incredibly positive and we've been very happy with customer satisfaction and usage statistics. Market research from Wristly measured a 97% customer satisfaction rate for Apple Watch and we hear from people every day about the impact it's having on their health, their daily routines, and how they communicate. Our own market research shows that 94% of Apple Watch owners wear and use it regularly, if not every day.

The Mac maker also mentioned that messaging and activity tracking are the most popular features, while social networking apps are getting the most use among third-party apps. This is where Apple has a key advantage. Despite the fact that I personally returned my Apple Watch, I'm pretty sure that I'll buy, keep, and regularly use one in the near future as future-generation models add functionalities and improve performance.

Apple is much better at maintaining high usage levels, which maximizes the odds of future upgrades. That's one reason why Apple has always emphasized usage statistics over market share.

Race to become each other

Fitbit seems aware of its abandonment challenge. CEO James Park told Fortune last month that his solution to the abandonment problem is to continue adding features that bolster usage and engagement, such as text messaging. In other words, Fitbit eventually wants its devices to expand beyond single-purpose activity tracking.

You could even say that Fitbit wants to create a platform, which is much easier said than done, especially when you're talking about competing with the most effective platform operator in history. Meanwhile, Apple would certainly like to be the undisputed leader of the activity tracker market.

Can Fitbit become Apple before Apple becomes Fitbit? Probably not. Lenovo Trumps Apple Inc. In PC Market Apple has lost the lead in computer sales thanks to rival Lenovo. According to a recent report from Canalys, Lenovo shipped nearly 16 million PCs during the second quarter, giving the company a 15% market share boost and earning it a quarter million more than Apple. Senior analyst Tim Coulling explained that both companies lead the computer markets in their respective home countries, but Apple relies mostly on iPad sales. The tech giant sold a total of 10.9 million units this quarter, and iPads accounted for about 70% of all computer shipments during the second quarter.

Lenovo is the one to watch

Lenovo only has 30% of the PC market in China, but it is stronger on a global scale when paired with the slow but steady growth in the U.S. market. Coulling explained,  With a more diverse product portfolio, Lenovo is in a stronger position than Apple to cement its lead in the market. But it is not without its own challenges, and has recently had to take steps to clear a significant build-up of PC inventory in EMEA. 

PC sales on the decline

On a global scale, overall PC sales declined 12% year over year to 109.2 million units with declines affecting all computing devices, including tablets, laptops and desktops. PC makers Apple, Lenovo, HP, Dell and Samsung saw marginal share increases. The latter also saw a slight dip in shares attributed to slow tablet sales and its reluctance in the laptop market.

Another similar study from market research firm IDC focused on the tablet market. Researchers found that the tablet market dropped 7% year-over-year during the second quarter after a 3.9% drop during the first quarter. Tablet leaders Apple and Samsung are losing some of their market shares to smaller brands Lenovo, LG and Huawei. IDC s research director, Jean Phillip Bouchard, added,  Beyond the decline, we re seeing a profound shift in the vendor landscape as the top two vendors, Apple and Samsung, lose share in the overall market. 

Lenovo s year over year growth is 6.8% with second quarter shipments of 2.5 million. 
2015-08-28
Tim Cook Chooses Not to Sell His New Apple, Inc. Stock It's always a good sign when a business' leaders choose not to sell any shares they own. While there may be possible ulterior motives, it's very difficult to argue that they are not aligned with shareholders. When an executive buys or holds shares, it means he has a personal stake in building shareholder value and that he believes shares will appreciate in the future. After choosing not to sell his recently awarded stock, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook is one such leader.

Cook and Cue bet on Apple stock

Cook, along with Eddy Cue, Apple's senior vice president of Internet, software, and services, each received 560,000 and 350,000 restricted stock units, respectively, this week. Together, these shares are worth about close to $100 million. The shares were awarded to them in conjunction with a performance-based compensation plan.

While a large portion of these shares were withheld by Apple to comply with statutory tax withholding requirements, the two executives were still left with a good chunk of Apple stock. Cook's shares after Apple's withholdings are worth about $30 million and Cue's are worth about $20 million.

Neither of the executives sold a single share.

Opting to hold these stocks suggests the executives are bullish on the company's future, particularly the stock. And it shows that Cook is putting his money where his mouth is, as the company has strongly emphasized share repurchases over dividends in its capital return program. Indeed, Apple announced earlier this year that it was boosting its capital return program by $70 billion, and management said it would be allocating the majority of this toward share repurchases due to the value the board sees in the stock.

Famed investor Warren Buffett is a major advocate of insider ownership. As Buffett says in the Berkshire Hathaway owner's manual, "We eat our own cooking."

After Cook's latest Apple stock award, he now owns about 1.17 million shares, worth about $129 million. Nearly all of Cook's net worth is tied to Apple stock, according to Fortune.

Holding is a no-brainer

Trading at just 13 times earnings when the S&P 500 has a price-to-earnings multiple of 22, it shouldn't be a surprise Cook is holding on to his shares. The stock is cheap by just about any measure.

Investors may be wise to follow suit. While Apple stock has rebounded from pulling back to $95 on Monday, it's still trading well below a 52-week high of $135 achieved earlier this year. Sure, $95 would have been a better deal than $112, but Apple stock is still looking like a genuine bargain for long-term buy-and-hold investors.

Combining Cook's and Cue's bullishness on Apple stock, the company's aggressive share repurchase program, and an obviously cheap stock, shares are looking incredibly tasty at the moment. Is Apple's September 9 Event Teasing A Major Siri Announcement? Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) has started to promote its September 9 event by sending out invitations with an interesting promo line:

"Hey Siri, give us a hint."

This is a bit more suggestive than last year's invite, which merely said, "Wish we could say more." The 2013 event invitation was equally as vague: "This should brighten everyone's day."

Apple has not been very forthcoming since 2012, when the company sent out invitations for its long-awaited iPhone 5 event. The promo line, "It's almost here," rested on top of the number "12" (signifying the September 12 event date). That number had a clever hint underneath it: a shadowy "5" created by the 1 and the 2.

Could this year's event invite be equally as indicative of what's to come?

"That was just a play in with Siri," FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives told Benzinga. Apple expert Sean Udall doesn't think the company would draw attention to Siri without planning to make an announcement.

"Why would they promote Siri [and] call it out especially?" Udall asked. "Here's the thing I'm looking for: I'm a big [believer that] Apple is going to make a foray into search. [But] I don't think this is the event where they basically say, 'We are now going to be a global search engine company and compete head-to-head with Google.'"

Related Link: Sony Took A Big Bite Out Of Apple This Week

Apple TV And More

Ives expects Apple to bring new features to its next-generation Apple TV set-top box in preparation for a pay-TV service in 2016.

"We believe apps/games [will] come to [the Apple TV] lineup, but this is all setting up for a streaming TV service in 2016," said Ives. "Controls would be agnostic, but [the device] could be controlled by an Apple device, in our opinion, as this would make sense strategically."

Siri's Future

If a Siri update is coming, Udall said he doesn't know that Apple needs to do much to impress or attract consumers.

"I think they have to keep improving it," he said, adding that over time he thinks Apple will build Siri into its own Apple-branded search engine. "Their search engine may be different from the one the world currently knows."

Udall believes this is something Apple has been planning for a while. He said the company gave a 10- to 15-minute presentation regarding the improvements in Spotlight Search and Siri at this year's World Wide Developers Conference.

"It's called 'deep linking technology,'" said Udall. "You can integrate that with all the applications on the phone. Once you get the new version of iOS, you'll be able to say, 'give me the recipe for beef stew.' Siri will basically deliver you a search from Bing or Google, but it might find something from recipes.com or whatever kind of cooking app you have on your device."

Udall also thinks Apple could "theoretically" map deep linking technology into Twitter Inc (NYSE: TWTR) or Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB).

"It's pretty powerful," he said.

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Latest Ratings for AAPL Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Pacific Crest Maintains Overweight Mar 2017 Nomura Maintains Buy Mar 2017 Needham Downgrades Strong Buy Buy View More Analyst Ratings for AAPL

View the Latest Analyst Ratings

Posted-In: Apple TV Daniel Ives FBR Capital MarketsAnalyst Color Top Stories Exclusives Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Is About to Become a Military Contractor Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is teaming up with the US Military in order to build wearable tech. A report from Reuters on Friday morning confirmed that the Cupertino firm is working with the military to build sensors that can be worn by soldiers or used on the outside of high grade hardware like jets. Boeing and a team from Harvard is also involved in the project.

Secretary of Defense Ash Carter announced the project on Friday morning. He said  I ve been pushing the Pentagon to think outside our five-sided box and invest in innovation here in Silicon Valley and in tech communities across the country.  Apple has been invited to that party.

Apple builds military hardware

The project aims to develop sensors that can be stretched and worn by soldiers or put on the outside of ships and planes. It s called the FlexTech Alliance and it involves 162 firms including Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL).

The entire project will have a budget of more than $300M. $75 of that will come from the Federal budget, $90M will come from the Air Force, and local governments will put in $171M.

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here

To see a list of high yielding CDs go here.

Earlier this year Ash Carter went to Silicon Valley in order to open an office that would help the military forge bonds with firms working in the high tech space. Tech giants have a level of research in things like wearable tech and AI that the US armed forces may find useful in the wars of the future. It turns out Apple is more than willing to be part of that research.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) grows in unexpected places

Wall Street is worried that Apple won t be able to grow its iPhone sales in the year ahead. The smart phone is the source of most of Apple sales and profit and if it stops growing, the firm has little else to fall back on for the time being.

Tim Cook and his team have proven to be able navigators of the tech world, however, and it seems that they re branching out to grow the firm in areas beyond consumer tech. As it tries to get its phones used in more government offices, the firm seems to have found a new source of possible growth.

Even if the entire $300M budget of the project went to Apple in a single quarter it wouldn t make a dent in the firm s profit that could be noticed by Wall Street. What the project does show, however, is that Apple is able to stretch itself into new areas in order to find new space to grow and work in.

Brian White of Cantor Fitzgerald has the highest price target of all Wall Street sell side research houses. He reckons shares in the firm are worth $195 as its digital matrix, which he calls  Planet Apple  is set to grow quickly in the years ahead.

Mr. White, and the rest of Wall Street, may have to upgrade their outlook on the firm given the odd new direction that Tim Cook seems to be taking it in. What it means for the Apple brand remains to be seen. 
2015-05-14
Are Apple And Tesla Secret Partners? Are two of the world's most important tech companies secretly connected in ways that have yet to be publicly announced?

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) and Tesla Motors Inc. (NASDAQ: TSLA) have had at least one meeting, but the discussions remain a mystery. In fact, only Tesla CEO Elon Musk was a confirmed attendee -- no one knows exactly which Apple executives were present. According to the San Francisco Chronicle, Musk met with Apple's M&A chief, Adrian Perica.

"If one or more companies had approached us last year around such things, there's no way we could comment on that," Musk told Bloomberg in February. When asked point blank if Musk had talked with Apple, he replied, "We had conversations with Apple. I can't comment on whether those revolved around any kind of acquisition."

Behind Closed Doors

Investors have been so focused on the M&A fantasy that they have forgotten about the possibility that Apple and Tesla could be business partners. One Apple expert thinks that has already happened.

Sean Udall, CIO of Quantum Trading Strategies and author of The TechStrat Report, told Benzinga that he thinks investors are "misinterpreting" a lawsuit that might have revealed Apple's future plans. A123 Systems sued the Mac maker, claiming that it poached employees and is currently developing a "large-scale battery division."

"I don't know if this has ever been publicly disclosed, but in my digging -- of all the digging and researching I do -- it seems to me that Apple is a funder of the Gigafactory," said Udall. "I cannot prove that. I don't know if it's ever been published as a definitive agreement. But I'm almost positive, just based on the research I've done, that Apple is a financial backer of Tesla's Gigafactory."

Related Link: Is Apple Building A Battery Division To Compete With Tesla?

Partially Funded?

Udall thinks that Apple is at least partially funding the Gigafactory.

"And they're going to get something for it," he said. "They'll get maybe preferential pricing or there will be a customer or a certain amount of inventory from that deal. I believe that to be the case. I also think Apple is developing and may have improved the technology in the batteries they use."

Udall pointed to the new MacBook, which has a battery that looks like it has been "poured" into the device.

"I don't know if they actually make the battery," he continued. "They have a ton of battery patents, by the way. [And] the ergonomic design inside the machine -- how the battery fits in, how it's super-thin, how there's layers to it -- that's completely Apple. Nobody else designed that. That's Apple's design."

Partner Vs. Competitor

Udall said that Apple's development, patent and investment process in the Gigafactory "could almost be the same as Apple trying to build a battery division of their own."

"Maybe they're doing both," he said. That could spell trouble for Tesla.

"On the other hand, what if Apple is a part owner of the Gigafactory and it hasn't been disclosed yet?" Udall asked. "What if the Gigafactory produces one of the best battery manufacturing plants in the world, and what if Apple owns 35 percent of it?"

Udall reiterated that he is "almost positive [that] Apple has made either a commitment or already a monetary investment into the Gigafactory."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Adrian Perica Elon Musk GigafactoryExclusives Tech Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. 
2015-08-21
1 More Reason Why Investors Should Love Apple Inc.'s Debt Strategy Over the past few years, the richest company in the world has continued borrowing increasing amounts of money from all over the world. Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) debt position has ballooned considerably ever since it launched its capital return program in 2012. Including commercial paper and long-term debt (current and noncurrent), Apple had an incredible $54 billion in debt at the end of the second quarter, a figure that's been steadily rising over the years.

What's more, after the quarter closed Apple detailed plans to raise even more debt capital. The Mac maker sold $2 billion in its first sterling-denominated bond offering in July, then proceeded to sell another $2 billion in so-called "Kangaroo" bonds in Australia as it continues to diversify its credit investor base.

There are many benefits of this debt strategy that have been regularly noted by investors. Apple gets to avoid repatriation taxes since it doesn't need to tap foreign reserves, which now consist of nearly 90% of total cash. It gets to fund its share repurchase program, driving significant earnings accretion. Heck, Apple even gets to lower its weighted average cost of capital, or WACC, by essentially swapping out equity capital for debt capital.

But at what cost?

Even with the low-interest environment that we're currently in, all that debt adds up and can cost a pretty penny. Yet here's another reason why investors should love the company's debt strategy: all that debt comes at no net cost.

Apple's investment portfolio has grown considerably over the years, as its cash position has soared. The company's cash investment arm, Braeburn Capital, which is often incorrectly characterized as a "hedge fund" by the broader media, manages Apple's cash very conservatively. Tim Cook has said that Braeburn invests in "the most conservative investments known to man" with "the goal of capital preservation."

On Apple's income statement, you'll notice the line item "Other income and expense." It's here that Apple reports things like interest and dividend income, interest expense, and the results from its various hedging operations. Starting last year, Apple began breaking down this line item to provide investors with more detail, and the great thing here is that interest and dividend income from Apple's sizable investment portfolio more than offset its interest expense by a healthy margin. This is how Apple delivers all of the benefits of its debt-funded capital return program at no net cost.

For example, last quarter's interest and dividend income of $766 million more than covered the $201 million interest expense.

However, this arrangement can't last forever. As Apple's debt burden grows, so does its interest expense, and total debt has been growing much faster than the long-term investment portfolio. It's quite likely, if not inevitable, that eventually interest expense will exceed interest and dividend income, and Apple will have to start paying out of pocket. But even when that day comes, it will still be far cheaper than repatriation taxes (unless there is a tax holiday). Tesla engineer joins Apple's growing team of automated car experts An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City, July 21, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar

DETROIT/SAN FRANCISCO Consumer electronics company Apple Inc (AAPL.O) has hired a senior engineer from electric car maker Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA.O), according to a LinkedIn posting, as part of Apple's effort to build a team of experts in automated driving.

A LinkedIn profile for Jamie Carlson shows that he has left Tesla and moved to Apple. At least six others with experience developing self-driving technology and systems have joined Apple, according to their LinkedIn profiles.

Attempts to reach all seven people were unsuccessful and Apple declined to comment.

Sources have said that Apple is developing a car and studying self-driving technology, but it is unclear if the iPhone maker is designing a vehicle that could drive itself.

Since January, Apple has hired Megan McClain, a former Volkswagen AG (VOWG_p.DE) engineer with expertise in automated driving, and Vinay Palakkode, a graduate researcher at Carnegie Mellon University, a hub of automated driving research.

In August, Apple hired Xianqiao Tong, an engineer who developed computer vision software for driver assistance systems at microchip maker Nvidia Corp (NVDA.O).

The Wall Street Journal has reported that Apple hired Paul Furgale, former deputy director of the Autonomous Systems Lab at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology, earlier this year.

So-called advanced driver assistance systems, or ADAS, handle tasks such as keeping a vehicle in a lane or driving by itself in stop-and-go traffic, and they are considered the building blocks for self-driving cars.

According to Carlson's LinkedIn profile, he joined Apple in August in an unnamed position in a special projects group.

Through July, Carlson was an engineer on Tesla's Autopilot self-driving car program, and before that he worked on automotive vision systems for Michigan-based supplier Gentex Corp.

Other Apple hires since September 2014 with similar experience have worked at automakers BMW AG (BMWG.DE), Volkswagen and Ford Motor Co (F.N), automotive suppliers Delphi Automotive (DLPH.N), Robert Bosch GmbH [ROBG.UL] and TRW, now a part of ZF Friedrichshafen AG [ZFF.UL], according to their LinkedIn profiles.

Among those hired last fall were Sanjai Massey, an engineer with experience in developing connected and automated vehicles at Ford and several suppliers; Stefan Weber, a former Bosch engineer with experience in video-based driver assistance systems, and Lech Szumilas, a former Delphi research scientist with expertise in computer vision and object detection.

(Editing by Peter Henderson and Matthew Lewis) Institutions Buying Microsoft Corporation, Amazon.com, Inc. But Not Apple Inc. Tech stocks tend to be very popular with investors of all kinds, and indeed they remained quite popular with institutional investors during the second quarter. Most large-cap tech stocks have average portfolio allocations that are higher than their S&P 500 benchmark weights. The only two that did not were Apple and Microsoft.

Amazon, Microsoft gain in popularity among institutions

In general, ownership of large-cap tech stocks by institutional investors was flat quarter over quarter, although a few big players did see meaningful increases. Portfolio allocations for Amazon and Microsoft among institutional investors increased the most quarter over quarter relative to other large-cap tech names.

Morgan Stanley analyst Katy Huberty and her team analyzed the second quarter 13F filings of institutional owners to determine which large-cap tech stocks are coming into favor and which are falling out.

Institutional ownership of Apple remains flat

Like large-cap tech stocks in general, the average portfolio allocation of Apple remained roughly flat quarter over quarter, indicating that institutions weren t really buying or selling the stock much or at least weren t really adjusting its allocation in their portfolios. The average weighting of Apple in institutions  portfolios was 2.9% at the end of the second quarter, representing the highest allocation level in two years, according to Huberty. Nonetheless, it s significantly lower than Apple s weighting of 3.6% in the S&P 500 and even lower still than when ownership peaked at 4.5% in the third quarter of 2012.

Her team thinks this is a favorable set-up for Apple going into the second half of the year, particularly since investors started dumping shares of the tech giant following the last earnings report. Wall Street has again become concerned about iPhone units and apparently expects to see a decline.

Unsurprisingly based on her history of ratings on Apple, Huberty sees a buying opportunity in the recent weakness in the stock. She believes iPhone units will ultimately surprise to the upside and that Apple s gross margins will expand in fiscal 2016. If these two things happen, she expects the stock s multiple to expand, moving closer to 15 times and putting it in line with the historical trading range from last year.

Expectations for PC stocks remain low

Institutional investors have been understandable bearish on PC stocks like Hewlett-Packard, as PC stock ownership remained about the same due to the weak PC market. HP s portfolio allocation among institutional investors was essentially flat quarter over quarter at 0.5%. Nonetheless, that s still the lowest level over the last six years.

Huberty and team remains Overweight on Hewlett-Packard because investor expectations are quite low. The company did manage to surprise to the positive with its latest earnings report on Thursday, sending shares up by more than 3% during regular trading hours today.

The Morgan Stanley team noted that portfolio allocations of IBM and Intel were also about flat sequentially at a 1% average portfolio allocation for each of them, which is higher than their S&P 500 weights. Interestingly, Intel s top 100 shareholders now own half of the company s outstanding shares, which is a new record high.

Building positions in Amazon

The analysts also noted that investors continued to add to their positions in Amazon during the second quarter on the back of improvements in profitability and strength in Amazon Web Services. They said the average weighting among the online retailer s top 100 shareholders hit 1.3% during the second quarter compared to the previous quarter s 1.1% weighting and the 1.2% weighting in last year s second quarter.

They also found that eBay and Facebook were still overweight in terms of portfolio allocation during the second quarter. They found the two highest portfolio concentrations in their coverage in relation to the companies  S&P weightings. On eBay, they think investors were waiting for the PayPal spinoff, which was completed on July 20.

Investors bearish on Cisco

The Morgan Stanley team found little change in portfolio allocation of Cisco Systems, noting that the average was in line with the company s 0.8% weighting in the S&P 500. Further, they state Cisco is the second-least widely-held large cap tech stock, with Hewlett-Packard being the only one with a lower average allocation.

They warned that the historically low ownership could foreshadow weak potential for revenue growth and margin expansion. They think Cisco s current valuation is related to its current product cycle and remain cautious on the stock.

Qualcomm allocation declines

Qualcomm received a boost from activist interest in the first quarter, but the average portfolio allocation fell by about 10 basis points during the second quarter as institutional investors worried about its place in the smartphone market and its margins. However, the chip maker s allocation is still higher than its 0.5% weighting in the S&P 500.

The Morgan Stanley team notes that sentiment has shifted hard to the negative, but they see potential upside drivers like a beat in chip unit shipments, improvements in royalty capture and cost of goods sold. They think it s also possible that Qualcomm will start looking for places to cut costs. Apple Raises $1.6 Billion in Record Corporate Bond Deal Apple Inc. raised A$2.25 billion ($1.6 billion) with a debut Australian debt sale that s the largest bond deal ever Down Under by a non-financial company.

The iPhone maker sold A$1.15 billion of seven-year notes at a yield of 110 basis points more than swap rates and A$1.1 billion of four-year securities at a 65 basis point spread.

Apple, which until November had only sold U.S. currency bonds, has since expanded its debt issuance to euros, yen, pounds and Swiss francs as well as Aussie dollars. It follows a A$700 million inaugural offering last month from brewer SABMiller Plc and joins other overseas-based issuers such as Total SA and Toronto-Dominion Bank in making Australian debuts over the past 12 months.

 It certainly looks like a successful deal, especially if you consider the prevailing sentiment at this moment, it s not been the most positive of days to issue,  said John Sorrell, head of credit at Nikko Asset Management Ltd. in Australia.

Investors around the world sold riskier assets on Friday as a gauge of Chinese manufacturing plunged to the lowest level since 2009. The recent selloff in corporate bonds has pushed average credit spreads globally to the widest level since 2012, based on Bank of America Merrill Lynch indexes.

Eclipsing BHP

The deal from Apple eclipses the A$1 billion transaction from BHP Billiton Ltd. in March that had been this year s largest non-financial company bond sale, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The proceeds of Apple s Kangaroo bond sale may be used to return capital to shareholders through stock buybacks and dividends, sale managers said in an earlier statement announcing plans to do an Aussie transaction. The Cupertino, California-based company announced in April it was boosting its capital-return program by $70 billion through March 2017 and would be accessing both U.S. and international debt markets to help pay for it.

All of the longer maturity notes from Apple will be fixed-rate securities, while at the shorter tenor they are set to issue a fixed-rate portion of A$400 million and a floating-rate tranche of A$700 million. Initial price guidance on the four-year debt was for a spread of about 70 basis points, while the price talk on the seven-year notes was a gap of about 115 basis points.

 It must have had a very wide range of acceptance,  Nikko s Sorrell said, citing Apple s position as a well-known brand and its strong credit rating as factors that would have helped attract both international and domestic investors.

Apple carries the second-highest credit ratings at both Standard & Poor s and Moody s Investors Service. The final order book for the transaction was about A$3 billion, a person familiar with the matter said.

The sale was managed by Commonwealth Bank of Australia, Deutsche Bank AG and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. 
2015-02-05
Apple Inc. Brand Loyalty Is Paying Off Handsomely The well-documented smartphone battle between Apple(NASDAQ:AAPL) iOS and Google(NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android took an interesting turn this week. For the first time since 2012, Apple iPhone sales outdid all Android device sales combined in the last quarter of 2014, according to a new report from Kantar Worldpanel ComTech. This news reinforces just how big of a hit the newest iPhone models have been with consumers, and it shows the strength of the portfolio of Apple smartphone offerings.

Indeed, brand loyalty matters after all

The iPhone 6 and 6 Plus marked Apple's first foray into smartphones with displays larger than 4 inches -- a market already proven to be hot with many Android customers. As Apple competed with Samsung with similarly sized flagship devices, the tech giant proved it could not only attract new smartphone owners but also convince many Android users to make the switch.

With smartphone penetration in the U.S. at 59%, Kantar analyst Carolina Milanesi says platform loyalty is key.

As the opportunity to attract first-time smartphone buyers in developed economies diminishes, retaining loyal customers is becoming as important as winning them over from competing platforms. Apple's average customer loyalty of 87% across the US and Europe certainly looks promising.

Samsung, on the other hand, has a brand loyalty rate of 62%, according to Kantar, the strongest of all Android manufacturers in the U.S.

The idea that brand loyalty will matter more as market penetration increases is not new. Though when Apple stock was pulling back in 2013 and cheap Android devices were rapidly proliferating, the idea was not popular. Yankee Group's Carl Howe projected in April 2013 that the Apple smartphone platform would surpass Android market share in 2015. While we have yet to see market share data for this year, his estimates could turn out to be quite accurate.

No matter how close Howe's exact figures end up being to actual market share data by year-end, his underlying premise, outlined in 2013 when many wrote that Apple was doomed, has played out as he imagined.

Think of the Apple and Android ecosystems as two buckets of water. New smartphone buyers -- mostly upgrading feature phone owners -- fall like rain into the two big buckets about equally, with a smaller number falling into Windows Phone and BlackBerry buckets. However, the Android bucket leaks badly, losing about one in five of all the owners put into it. The Apple bucket leaks only about 7 percent of its contents, so it retains more of the customers that fall into it. The Apple bucket will fill up faster and higher than the Android one, regardless of the fact that the Apple bucket may have had fewer owners in it to begin with.

Apple's U.S. market share of smartphone sales for the fourth quarter was 47.7%, up from 43.9% in the year-ago quarter, according to Kantar. Android's share of smartphone sales fell to 47.6% from 50.7% during the same period.

A global trend

The record-setting quarter went beyond the U.S. In Europe and China, Android smartphones still outsold the iPhone, but iPhone market share gained meaningfully in both markets. In Europe, Android saw its share decline by 3.8 percentage points, while Apple enjoyed a rise of 6.2 percentage points, according to Kantar. In China, Apple's share jumped 2.5 percentage points while Android's share decreased 1.6 percentage points.

Going forward, Apple has guided for revenue in the first calendar quarter of 2015 to be about 17% higher than the year-ago period, suggesting that the company expects even more big numbers from its iPhone business in 2015. Exclusive: Apple's health tech takes early lead among top hospitals A general view of an Apple store in the Manhattan borough of New York September 7, 2014, ahead of the expected release of iPhone 6 and other products this week. REUTERS/Carlo Allegri

SAN FRANCISCO Apple Inc's (AAPL.O) healthcare technology is spreading quickly among major U.S. hospitals, showing early promise as a way for doctors to monitor patients remotely and lower costs.

Fourteen of 23 top hospitals contacted by Reuters said they have rolled out a pilot program of Apple's HealthKit service - which acts as a repository for patient-generated health information like blood pressure, weight or heart rate - or are in talks to do so.

The pilots aim to help physicians monitor patients with such chronic conditions as diabetes and hypertension. Apple rivals Google Inc (GOOGL.O) and Samsung Electronics (005930.KS), which have released similar services, are only just starting to reach out to hospitals and other medical partners.

Such systems hold the promise of allowing doctors to watch for early signs of trouble and intervene before a medical problem becomes acute. That could help hospitals avoid repeat admissions, for which they are penalized under new U.S. government guidelines, all at a relatively low cost.

The U.S. healthcare market is $3 trillion, and researcher IDC Health Insights predicts that 70 percent of healthcare organizations worldwide will invest by 2018 in technology including apps, wearables, remote monitoring and virtual care.

Those trying out Apple's service included at least eight of the 17 hospitals on one list ranking the best hospitals, the U.S. News & World Report's Honor Roll. Google and Samsung had started discussions with just a few of these hospitals.

Apple's HealthKit works by gathering data from sources such as glucose measurement tools, food and exercise-tracking apps and Wi-fi connected scales. The company's Apple Watch, due for release in April, promises to add to the range of possible data, which with patients' consent can be sent to an electronic medical record for doctors to view.

"TIMING RIGHT"

Ochsner Medical Center in New Orleans has been working with Apple and Epic Systems, Ochsner's medical records vendor, to roll out a pilot program for high-risk patients. The team is already tracking several hundred patients who are struggling to control their blood pressure. The devices measure blood pressure and other statistics and send it to Apple phones and tablets.

"If we had more data, like daily weights, we could give the patient a call before they need to be hospitalized," said Chief Clinical Transformation Officer Dr. Richard Milani.

Sumit Rana, chief technology officer at Epic Systems, said the timing was right for mobile health tech to take off.

"We didn't have smartphones ten years ago; or an explosion of new sensors and devices," Rana said.

Apple has said that over 600 developers are integrating HealthKit into their health and fitness apps.

Many of the hospitals told Reuters they were eager to try pilots of the Google Fit service, since Google's Android software powers most smartphones. Google said it has several developer partners on board for Fit, which connects to apps and devices, but did not comment on its outreach to hospitals.

Samsung said it is working with Boston s Massachusetts General Hospital to develop mobile health technology. The firm also has a relationship with the University of California's San Francisco Medical Center.

Apple's move into mobile health tech comes as the Affordable Care Act and other healthcare reform efforts aim to provide incentives for doctors to keep patients healthy. The aim is to move away from the "fee for service" model, which has tended to reward doctors for pricey procedures rather than for outcomes.

Still, hospitals must decide whether the difficulty of sorting through a deluge of patient-generated data of varying quality is worth the investment.

"This is a whole new data source that we don't understand the integrity of yet," said William Hanson, chief medical information officer at the University of Pennsylvania Health System.

FIRST STEPS

Apple has recruited informal industry advisors, including Rana and John Halamka, chief information officer of Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center and Harvard Medical School, to discuss health data privacy and for introductions to the industry.

The company said it had an "incredible team" of experts in health and fitness and was talking to medical institutions, healthcare and industry experts on ways to deliver its services.

A few hospitals are also exploring how to manage the data that is flowing in from health and fitness-concerned patients, whom many in Silicon Valley refer to as the "worried well."

Beth Israel's Halamka said that many of the 250,000 patients in his system had data from sources such as Jawbone's Up activity tracker and wirelessly connected scales.

"Can I interface to every possible device that every patient uses? No. But Apple can,  he said.

Cedars-Sinai hospital in Los Angeles is developing visual dashboards to present patient-generated data to doctors in an easy-to-digest manner.

Experts say that there will eventually be a need for common standards to ensure that data can be gathered from both Apple's system and its competitors.

"How do we get Apple to work with Samsung? I think it will be a problem eventually," said Brian Carter, a director focused on personal and population health at Cerner, an electronic medical record vendor that is integrated with HealthKit.

(Additional reporting by Vincent Lee in Seoul, editing by Peter Henderson and Stuart Grudgings) This Billionaire Claims That Apple Inc. Stock Is Worth Over $200 Activist investor Carl Icahn, who owned 45 million shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) as of last August, claims that the stock could be worth over $203 per share. At $203, a 71% premium over its closing price on Feb. 2, Apple would have a whopping market cap of $1.12 trillion. While that would be wonderful news for Apple investors, we should check the math and logic behind Icahn's grand claim.

The math doesn't add up

Apple currently trades at 16 times trailing earnings. Over the past two years, its P/E has fluctuated between 9 and 18.

Wall Street analysts, on average, expect Apple to respectively post earnings per share of $8.49 and $9.10 in fiscal 2015 and 2016. Assuming that Apple's P/E remains between 9 and 18, a "fair price" would fall between $76 and $153 for 2015, and between $82 and $164 for 2016. None of those prices come anywhere close to Icahn's $203 price target.

For Apple to hit $203 with a P/E of 18, Apple would need to post annual earnings of $11.28 per share. Apple is expected to post 32% year-over-year EPS growth in fiscal 2015, but just 7% in 2016, which means that earnings of $11.28 per share could be a tough target to hit.

Apple respectively posted gross and net margins of 40% and 24% last quarter. Last October, Argus Research analyst Jim Kelleher pointed out that if Apple maintains gross margins of 44%, net margins of 27%, and 12% annual earnings growth throughout fiscal 2016, that would still only generate earnings per share of $10.17.

Why Icahn believes that Apple could top $200

However, Icahn's model is likely based on Apple following his advice on boosting stock buybacks, which would inflate its earnings by reducing outstanding shares. Apple has already done so by funding buybacks with debt, since most of its cash remains overseas and would be heavily taxed if repatriated to the U.S.

Over the past 12 months, Apple has bought back over $44 billion in stock. As a result of funding buybacks and dividends with bond offerings, Apple's long-term debt has soared from nothing in 2012 to over $36 billion today. That's not much of a risk, since Apple still has $178 billion in cash and equivalents and trailing 12-month free cash flow of $60 billion. Apple clearly intends to stick with that plan -- it recently announced plans to sell $5 billion in additional debt to fund additional buybacks and dividends.

I'm not a big fan of buybacks, but they might help Apple shares hit $200 without causing its valuations to overheat.

Top line growth should remain a priority

Nonetheless, I would hate to see Apple completely propped up by buybacks. Some tech giants, like IBM (NYSE:IBM), get stuck in a cycle of spending cash better suited for revenue-boosting R&D and acquisitions on buybacks to appease shareholders. Therefore, Apple needs to keep launching new products, like Apple Watch, to diversify its top line away from the iPhone.

Icahn believes that Apple, like Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF), should launch 4K smart TVs. Last October, he claimed that Apple could sell 12 million 55-inch and 65-inch smart TVs in fiscal 2016, and 25 million in 2017 with an average selling price of $1,500. In a previous article, I highlighted the problems with that idea -- 4K TV prices are already plunging, margins are anemic, and it would be smarter for Apple to keep selling its lower cost Apple TV set-top boxes. 4K TVs might generate fresh revenue for Apple, but they would ruin its margins -- which would hurt earnings growth and the stock's chances of hitting $200.

The $200 question

I'm not saying that Apple stock will never be worth $200. However, the road to $200 will be a tough one which requires Apple's margins to keep expanding, top line growth to remain robust, and buybacks to continue.

Investors should focus on Apple's ability to grow revenue beyond the iPhone with new products like Apple Watch, and its ability to maintain its mix of high sales and high margins, instead of believing long-shot price targets from big investors who can move the market with open letters to companies and investors.

Editor's Note: A previous version of this article stated that Apple's cash and cash equivalents equates to $33 billion instead of the correct amount of $178 billion. Buy Apple's Stock, Not Apple's Bonds In the wake of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) successful earnings results, the company took advantage of low interest rates to issue $6.5B worth of new debt. We were a bit surprised that the offering would include floating-rate bonds as well as fixed-rate bonds considering that interest rates are already at historical lows. Apple currently has $32.5B outstanding in long-term debt and $3.9B outstanding in short-term commercial paper. Apple also has $178B in cash and liquid assets; however, an estimated $158B of it is located in its foreign subsidiaries. We expect that Apple will use the proceeds from its new bond offering to repurchase shares. If the recent bill proposed by Senators Barbara Boxer and Rand Paul passes, Apple could repatriate some or all of its overseas cash based on its foreign source earnings and pay a maximum tax of 6.5% versus the maximum statutory federal tax rate of 35%. At any rate, we believe Apple's shares offer a better investment opportunity than Apple's bonds, especially since the dividend yield of 1.6% on its shares is comparable to the 1.7% effective interest rate on its bonds.

Source: Morningstar Direct

Apple's Bonds

Carl Icahn launched his shareholder activist campaign against Apple in 2013 and called for Apple to borrow $150B to repurchase its shares. We had proposed a similar program for Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) in the prior year so we could definitely appreciate Icahn's proposal to Apple. We agree with Icahn's 2014 statement when he referred to Apple as the most overcapitalized company in corporate history. Apple first tapped the bond market in Q3 2013 and sold $17B in debt as part of a multi-tranche bond offering, which it used to fund $16B worth of share repurchases during the quarter. Apple then followed up its first bond offering in 2013 with a $12B offering in 2014, a  2.8B ($3.2B) euro-denominated bond deal and now a $6.5B offering. While we were initially puzzled when we saw that Apple had issued $5B in floating-rate bonds, we noticed Apple entered into interest rate swaps on its bonds to manage interest rate risk.

Source: Q1 2015 10-Q Report

Apple's most recent bond offering of $6.5B was $1.5B higher than originally anticipated. Deal tranches included the following:

$500M five-year floating rate note at three-month LIBOR plus 25bp (0.50%). $1.25B five-year fixed rate note at 1.6%. $1.25B seven-year fixed rate note at 2.15%. $1.5B ten-year fixed rate note at Treasuries plus 85bp 2.5%. $2B thirty-year fixed rate note at 3.45%.

When Carl Icahn launched his activist campaign against Apple in 2013, Apple had $144.7B in liquid assets and no debt, which explained why Icahn proposed for Apple to borrow $150B in new debt and use it to buy back shares. Nearly two years later, Apple still has $141.6B in net liquidity assets even though it spent more than $90B on dividends and share repurchases. Apple's net liquidity represented 38.5% of its market cap in April 2013 when its shares bottomed out. Even after Apple's share price has more than doubled since April 2013, its net liquidity still accounts for 20.5% of Apple's market cap. If Apple was to use the proceeds of this offering to repurchase shares, it would reduce its pre-tax income by 26bp, but it would reduce its share count by 94bp. If Apple were to repurchase $100B of its shares, it would increase its EPS by over 10%.

Source: Morningstar Direct and Our Estimates

Apple's weighted average effective interest on its current debt is only 1.7% and the weighted average interest on its newly-issued debt is only 2.56%. If Apple's bonds are not held in a tax-advantaged account, investors have to pay ordinary income tax on the interest income, whereas dividends from Apple's stock are taxed at a maximum rate for qualified dividends of 23.8%. While interest rates have not increased as we expected, we believe investors who invest in any bonds (even Apple's bonds) to seek capital gains are for the most part picking up quarters in front of an approaching steamroller. Even if interest rates do not increase substantially, Apple's highest yielding bond only yields 4.48% and the average interest rate on its debt is less than 2%, which does not provide a sufficient investment return in our opinion.

Apple's Stock

We understand that investors who invest in Apple's bonds might have different objectives than those who buy Apple's stock. However, we believe that if an investor (whether it is an institutional investor or an individual investor) is going to invest in Apple, that investor will get a much better value in Apple's stock as opposed to its bonds. Investing in Apple's bonds is not risk free as interest rates are at historic lows and an investor who sells an Apple bond before its stated maturity might find their bond worth less than its par value due to fluctuations in interest rates, which defeats the purpose of investing in bonds. It is bad enough bond investors may have to face potential losses of their principal via credit risk; it makes no sense to subject one's investment to interest rate risk as well. Aggressive investors may want to create a pair trade in which they buy Apple's shares and their purchase of Apple's stock by selling Apple's bonds. We believe Apple's stock is 19% undervalued relative to its fair intrinsic value of $147/share according to our DCF model, based on the following projections from 2014 to 2018:

10% annual revenue growth based on solid sales growth in its iPhone smartphone product line. 10% annual growth in its research and development expenses in order to ensure that Apple continues its strong record of product innovation. Apple's cost of goods sold and SG&A expenses would only increase by 8% annually as Apple's massive size and scale will enable it to generate positive operating leverage. Apple's tax rate during the period is 26.3% based on its projected Q2 2015 tax rate. Apple will reduce its diluted share count by at least 2.5% annually and increase its dividend per share by 11%. Apple's PE in 2018 is expected to be 16 and its cost of equity capital is 11%.

Source: Our Estimates

In our October report on Apple, we highlighted eight catalysts that supported our long Apple thesis. The following catalysts are why we believe investors should have a strong conviction in owning Apple's shares instead of Apple's bonds, as well as accumulating on the dips:

Notable value investors like Carl Icahn, David Einhorn, Cliff Asness, Adage and Coatue Management collectively own ~$10B of Apple's stock. Apple's partnership with IBM (NYSE:IBM) has helped it win a dozen new business enterprise customers and IBM is engaged with more than 130 additional companies looking to empower their employees with MobileFirst for iOS solutions. Apple's willingness to reward its shareholders with dividends and share repurchases continues to put an implicit floor on its shares. Apple's iPhone continues to generate strong revenues, sales volumes and profits while Samsung's Galaxy smartphone is losing share to cheap Chinese competitors. Revenue gains from Apple's new products (Apple Pay, Apple Watch). Tim Cook announced Apple would begin shipping the Apple Watch in April. We were very conservative in our forecasts for Apple's revenue and EPS growth in Q1 2015. Apple finally has a competent manager (former Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts) to oversee its Apple Retail division instead of the awful John Browett. We were disappointed that iPad sales and revenues have not yet stabilized, but that was the only catalyst we previously outlined that Apple failed to meet our expectations.

Investors should recognize that Apple's share price is undervalued as Apple is trading at 10.6 times forward earnings excluding its $178B in liquid assets and we expect Apple to grow its EPS by at least 30% in 2015 and by 13% over the next five years. Activist investor Carl Icahn owns $6.3B worth of Apple's stock, David Einhorn's Greenlight Capital still has $1.1B worth of Apple's stock and other notable investors in Apple include Coatue Management ($1.3B), Adage Capital Management ($1B), and Cliff Asness ($601M).

Source: Morningstar Direct

Apple has a very strong balance sheet. Apple has $178B in cash and marketable securities (though the overwhelming majority of it is attributed to overseas entities) representing 26.5% of Apple's Market cap. Apple initiated a $2.65/share dividend payment in August 2012, which was its first dividend in 17 years and it increased the dividend by 15% to $3.05/share in May 2013 and by another 8% in May 2014 to $3.29/share. We expect Apple to increase its dividends by at least 11% annually between now and 2018. Apple returned over $5B to shareholders through repurchases net of share issues and taxes related to equity compensation programs. As Apple is selling bonds in order to fund its share repurchases, we believe that investors should follow Apple's lead and buy Apple's shares and avoid or sell short Apple's bonds.

Source: Apple's 2014 Annual Report and Our Estimates

In conclusion, we reiterate that if investors want to invest in Apple, they should buy Apple's stock, not Apple's bonds. Apple is still a solid value for investors and aggressive investors might want to fund their long position in Apple's stock by going short on Apple's bonds. Although Apple will not enjoy the explosive, 50%+ rates of annual growth it enjoyed up until 2012, it should still generate a solid 10%-15% annual revenue growth as well as 15%-20% annual EPS growth. Investing in Apple's stock is equivalent to buying a subordinated Apple bond with an expanding, tax-advantaged coupon (Apple's dividends and retained earnings).

Source: Morningstar Direct

Disclosure: The author is long AAPL.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-06-23
For Apple Inc. Stock, China Is Still a Catalyst With Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) now raking in $212 billion in annual revenue, some investors may be concerned whether the tech giant can grow its business any more. After all, Apple is already the world's most valuable company, and it would be unreasonable to expect things to go up forever. But to assume there isn't good reason for the tech giant's top line to continue upward just because of its size would require ignoring the company's fast-growing sales in the world's most populated country.

Apple loves China

Some people poked fun at Apple when the company first introduced a gold option for its iPhone when it unveiled its iPhone 5s lineup in 2013. But anyone who picked on Apple probably wasn't familiar with Chinese stylistic tastes. Gold is a very sought-after color in China. Indeed, before Apple introduced a gold version of the iPhone, the shiny color was one of the most popular choices in the country for iPhone after-market color adjustments and cases.

As it turns out, speculation that Apple is targeting China with its gold-colored iPhones proved correct.

"The decision to offer a gold iPhone last year reflects in part the popularity of that color among Chinese users," write Bloomberg's Edwin Chan and Lulu Yilun Chen, paraphrasing comments from Apple CEO Tim Cook in a recent interview in China.

Why China matters

China's importance to Apple's financial results has been growing for years. Today, China is absolutely crucial to the tech giant's performance.

Though Apple doesn't break out revenue from China into a single geographic segment, the dominance of its Greater China segment, which includes China, Taiwan, and Hong Kong, clearly shows how key the country is becoming to Apple's results. In Apple's most recent quarter, Greater China accounted for a third of the company's total revenue. At $16.8 billion, revenue from Greater China was second only to Apple's Americas segment, which reported $21.3 billion in revenue.

But is there really potential for further growth in Apple's Greater China segment? Judging by year-over-year revenue growth rates in the segment, there almost certainly is more growth potential remaining. In Q2, Apple's Americas revenue jumped 19% from the year-ago quarter. Yet revenue growth during the same period in China was a monstrous 71%.

Apple CEO Tim Cook provided a few product-specific Q2 unit sales figures for China during the company's second-quarter earnings call. iPhone unit sales were up 70%, year over year. Even the Mac unit sales were up strongly in China, growing 31%. And App Store revenue in China was up over 100%, year over year, during Q2, Cook added.

The astounding growth in Greater China is prompting Apple to invest heavily in the market, particularly in an expansion of its retail stores. The company boosted its store count in the region from 15 to 21 in the past six months. And by the middle of 2016, Apple plans to have 40 stores in the region open, management said during its second-quarter earnings call.

There's no reason China won't continue to be a meaningful catalyst for Apple. Sure, historic performance isn't always an excellent indicator of future results. But until evidence arises to support the counterargument, it looks likely that China will continue to be a boon for Apple in the coming years. Ascendiant Analyst Says Energous Has Bright Future Ahead Energous Corp (NASDAQ: WATT) has reportedly signed a contract with a "top tier" tech company to supply millions of its wireless charging devices, according to a report from CNN Money. The information came from an interview with CEO Stephen Rizzone.

Energous' WattUp charging technology utilizes radio frequencies to allow users to re-juice mobile device batteries from up to 20 feet away.

There is some speculation that the tier one customer mentioned in the report could be Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL).

Related Link: Energous Shares Move Higher On CNN Money Report

Benzinga spoke with Ascendiant Capital's David Williams about the news.

An Energized Future

Williams shared that he believes "strongly that [Energous] is going to be the first to market with a very differentiated technology." He isn't surprised that a large tech company has already signed a multimillion-device contract before WattUp has even been fully certified. "This is a very utilitarian concept...you're going to want to lock that up pretty early on."

Williams notes that Energous execs have long been saying that they've had a close tier one relationship.

But he doesn't expect the big contracts to stop here. "I think everybody is going to jump onboard...you get a first look at the technology as a tier one company." He added, "Once [Energous does] get the technology certified, you've already built a relationship."

Related Link: Ascendiant Capital Initiates Energous At Buy

As for the identity of today's reported signee, Williams mentioned SAMSUNG ELECT LTD(F) (OTC: SSNLF) and LG as possible alternatives to Apple, although he maintained that he doesn't have any concrete knowledge. Nevertheless, he believes that the Korean firms' wider breadth of products could make them more likely customers.

Williams currently rates Energous as a Buy with a price target of $14.

Energous spiked up about 16 percent in response to the news. It has since dipped down to about a 7 percent gain on the day.

Image Credit: Public Domain

Posted-In: Ascendiant CapitalAnalyst Color Rumors Contracts Top Stories Exclusives Analyst Ratings Interview

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple Becomes Promoter Member of Bluetooth SIG KIRKLAND, Wash.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Bluetooth Special Interest Group (SIG) announced today that Apple, Inc. has become a Promoter member of the Bluetooth SIG. Promoter members are the sole voting class on Bluetooth SIG corporate matters and hold a continual seat on the SIG Board of Directors. Current Promoter members Ericsson, Intel, Lenovo, Microsoft, Nokia, and Toshiba unanimously welcomed Apple to the highest membership level of the organization.

 Apple has long been a key participant in the Bluetooth ecosystem,  said Toby Nixon, chairman of the Bluetooth SIG Board of Directors.  Since 2011, the company has provided guidance and knowledge to the Bluetooth SIG through its participation as an Associate Board Member. We re excited to welcome Apple to its new role in the organization and on the SIG board. 

In the past five years, there has been a dramatic shift as consumers now expect Bluetooth  technology to enable products as varied as phones, laptops, tablets, TVs, cars and even watches to work together seamlessly. In the next five years, over ten billion Bluetooth enabled products are projected to ship globally. Understanding where the industry is headed, anticipating the needs of consumers and SIG members and positioning the technology to enable the Internet of Things are key priorities for the Bluetooth SIG and its board members.

The Bluetooth SIG is comprised of 10 board companies, over 26,000 member companies and a professional staff who collaborate to build the next generation of Bluetooth technology.

About Bluetooth  Wireless Technology

Bluetooth wireless technology is the global wireless standard enabling simple, secure connectivity for an expanding range of devices and serves as the backbone of the connected world. Bluetooth Smart technology, through an updatable platform and low power consumption, creates new application opportunities for the mobile phone, consumer electronics, PC, automotive, health & fitness and smart home industries. With nearly three billion devices shipping annually, Bluetooth is the wireless technology of choice for developers, product manufacturers, and consumers worldwide. Backed by industry leading companies, the Bluetooth SIG empowers over 26,000 member companies to collaborate, innovate and guide Bluetooth wireless technology. For more information, please visit www.bluetooth.com. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, or LinkedIn. 
2015-02-11
3 Key Drivers Behind Apple, Inc.'s Rise to a New All-Time High Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock hit a new high today of $124.43. Adjusted for Apple's seven-to-one stock split, this would have amounted to a stock price of $871.01. Yesterday, when the stock closed above $122, the company's market capitalization of $710.74 billion made headlines as the largest market cap value for any company ever in U.S. history. Given all the doom and gloom headlines about Apple that made rounds just a few years ago as low-cost Android-powered devices increasingly gained market share on iOS, some may feel like they missed the reasons for Apple stock's big rise recently.

Here are the three most important drivers behind Apple stock's growth in the past several years.

1. Soaring iPhone sales

Apple's largest and most profitable business continues to be a winner for the company. The tech giant's most recent quarter was the biggest blowout in a while, with the company reporting unit sales significantly higher than analyst expectations. The record iPhone sales came in at 74.5 million units, 46% higher than Apple's previous record set in the year-ago quarter. At over half of Apple's revenue (69% of revenue in the company's most recent quarter), a healthy iPhone business has a huge positive influence on the company's bottom line.

2. An aggressive share buyback program

In 2012, Apple announced plans for returning capital to shareholders. The plans included both a regular quarterly dividend and a share repurchase program. Since the initial announcement, both Apple's dividend and its share repurchase program have seen hikes every year. But the company's repurchase aggressiveness with share repurchases outdid its dividend increases by a longshot. The repurchase program has ballooned from an authorized $10 billion to $90 billion.

The company has spent $73 billion already on share repurchases and has said it is going to announce an update to its program in April.

Thanks to Apple's ability to aggressively repurchase its own shares with its heady cash flow, earning per share is growing faster than net income. In Apple's first fiscal quarter in 2015, Apple's net income was up 37% while its EPS was jumped 48%.

3. Continued pricing power

It was the forecast for declining pricing power that served as the crux to the most commonly cited bear case for Apple when shares pulled back in the second half of 2012 and into 2013. Apple's diminishing pricing power, critics argued, would put an end to the company's hefty gross profit margins. But what has the proliferation of cheap Android devices done to Apple's pricing power? Nothing.

Critics were dead wrong.

Thanks to higher storage capacity tiers and the company's iPhone 6 Plus with a $100 premium to any flagship iPhone yet, Apple's average selling price actually increased in the company's fiscal first quarter from the year-ago quarter. And while Apple's gross profit margin may never return to levels reached int he first half of 2013, it has stabilized at a very high level as the company continues to benefit from significant pricing power.

Apple stock's 62% rise in the last 12 months was fueled by a combination of a bear case that had suppressed the stock and subsequently never panned out, and the company's continued success at growing intrinsic per share value through repurchases and income growth. Google Threatens to Air Microsoft and Apple's Dirty Code Google Inc. has given fellow tech companies an ultimatum: patch your software vulnerabilities within 90 days or we ll make them public.

An elite team of Google hackers and programmers scrub their own and competitors  software for security flaws, giving companies a deadline to issue a fix. Google says it wants software makers to move fast because cybercriminals act with lightning speed when they spot bugs.

It s a sensitive topic -- rivals Microsoft Corp. and Apple Inc. declined to talk about the tactic -- though others in the industry say the help isn t always welcome, usurps a role best left to government and can jeopardize security.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

 I m not sure who made Google the official referee of the marketplace for vulnerability notification,  said John Dickson, a principal with software security company Denim Group Ltd. in San Antonio. He said pressuring companies to fix flaws is a good idea, but  what noble motives they had in mind could be called into question given the fact that they essentially outed vulnerabilities for two of their biggest rivals. 

Google established the team in July, calling it Project Zero after the much-feared  zero day  security flaws that are exploited before developers learn of them. It says it is trying to help everyone as well as protect its own products that run on others  devices and software.

That s an activity some security experts say is more appropriate for a government agency. The respective roles of the private and public sectors is on the agenda at a cybersecurity summit Friday in Palo Alto, California, where President Barack Obama will call on technology leaders to improve cooperation and share more information.

Divisive Issue

Some researchers are wondering aloud, however, how much cooperation can be expected if the biggest Internet companies can t play nice together.

 We support a variety of efforts, including Project Zero and our Security Reward Programs, to find and fix online threats,  Aaron Stein, spokesman for the Mountain View, California-based Google said in an e-mail.

Apple declined to comment while Microsoft would only refer to a previous statement in which it said Google s tactics felt like a game of  gotcha,  illustrating how divisive the issue is.

 If these companies can t even get along, that s just bad for security for the whole ecosystem,  said Jake Kouns, chief information security officer for Risk Based Security Inc. in Richmond, Virginia.

Heartbleed Flaw

Opponents of Google s practice say it puts online security at risk by revealing gaps before they can be plugged.

Hackers work fast to exploit problems when they become known. Chinese-backed intruders exploited a Web-security flaw known as Heartbleed last year to attack Community Health Systems Inc. more than a week after the hole was publicized.

In January, Apple pleaded with Google to wait about a week before going public so it could fix three flaws in the Mac OS X operating system, according to a person familiar with the request who wasn t authorized to speak publicly.

Google knew the fix was coming and had possession of the updated software because it serves as a developer for Apple, the person said. Regardless, Google refused and released details of the flaws.

Microsoft, meanwhile, requested two additional days to fix a flaw in Windows. Google refused and publicized the bug.

Everyone Injured

 The decision feels less like principles and more like a  gotcha,  with customers the ones who may suffer as a result,  wrote Chris Betz, senior director of Microsoft s Security Response Center, in a Jan. 11 blog post, which has remained the company s only public comment on the issue to date.  What s right for Google is not always right for customers. 

Microsoft asks that researchers privately disclose flaws to software providers, working with them until a fix is made available, Betz said.  Policies and approaches that limit or ignore that partnership do not benefit the researchers, the software vendors, or our customers. It is a zero sum game where all parties end up injured,  he wrote.

Google supporters say the hard-line approach may fundamentally alter software industry practices in which companies can take months or years to patch bugs.

According to an analysis by Risk Based Security, Project Zero has identified 39 vulnerabilities in Apple products and 20 in Microsoft products. The team also has found 37 flaws in Adobe Systems Inc. software and 22 in the FreeType software development library for rendering fonts.

Strict Policy

Project Zero publicly released details before a fix became available about Apple flaws 16 times, Microsoft three times and Adobe once, Kouns said in a phone interview.

Google s  strict policy is good for the industry,  and the company should be praised because they  stuck to their guns,  said Tom Gorup, a manager with Rook Security Inc. based in Indianapolis.

 A regular Joe on the street doesn t have the clout that Google does,  Gorup said in a phone interview.  If we have huge companies like Microsoft, Apple and Google going at each other and pushing for better security, it s a win across the board. 

Google created Project Zero after revelations about the Heartbleed bug and spying by the U.S. National Security Agency and other governments.

 You should be able to use the Web without fear that a criminal or state-sponsored actor is exploiting software bugs to infect your computer, steal secrets or monitor your communications,  according to a July 15 blog post announcing Project Zero.  Our objective is to significantly reduce the number of people harmed by targeted attacks. 

Patching Market

Google also is helping to spur the market for managing and patching software vulnerabilities, which is expected to grow to $1 billion in value by 2018 from about $600 million in 2014, said Christopher Kissel, a network security industry analyst with research company Frost & Sullivan Inc.

Companies that provide vulnerability management services like Hewlett-Packard Co., Tenable Network Security Inc. and Qualys Inc. stand to gain from the increased spending, Kissel said in a phone interview.

The number of Internet flaws being found surged to 7,903 in 2014 from 5,174 in 2013, he said. It took companies 205 days on average in 2014 to learn that hackers had infiltrated their networks, according to cybersecurity company FireEye Inc.

FBI Alert

 While a few adversaries use zero-day exploits to target victims, many adversaries still target known vulnerabilities for which patches have been released, capitalizing on slow patch processes and risk decisions by network owners not to patch certain vulnerabilities or systems,  the FBI said in an alert at the end of January obtained by Bloomberg News.

A 90-day deadline might not be practical for large companies that have to search through thousands lines of code and make sure patches don t negatively affect other software, said Craig Young, a senior security researcher with Tripwire Inc. based in Portland, Oregon, in a phone interview.

Other times, however, a company may be negligent.  We ve had a lot of experiences where vendors will seemingly not care about something unless it s in the headlines or unless there s something out there that people see as an immediate threat,  Young said.

Young reported a bug to Apple in October 2012 that could let hackers attack a file server in OS X. Although the flaw wasn t critical, Apple didn t issue a final patch until Jan. 27 of this year, Young said.

The flaws exposed by Project Zero without fixes so far haven t been very serious, Young said. He said he would have more concerns if Google published details about a critical vulnerability that put users at a high risk.

 Microsoft is using this opportunity to kick some sand up in Google s face and attack their mantra of  Do no evil ,  said Gorup with Rook Security.  If it was a government entity, Microsoft wouldn t be able to make the case.  
2015-05-02
Apple Inc., Google Inc., Amazon.com Inc., or Facebook Inc.: Who Will Be the ... To be sure, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Facebook (NASDAQ:FB) have each made an indelible mark on our world. And all four tech behemoths continue to push the innovation envelope.

We asked four Motley Fool contributors to tackle the difficult task of selecting which of these industry leaders would become the most important in the next five years -- and why. Here's what they said.



Brian Stoffel (Apple): I'm not going to make this argument myself so much as regurgitate what Scott Galloway -- clinical professor of marketing at NYU -- said in a recent talk he gave titled "The Four Horsemen."

In it, Galloway argued that Apple would be one of the two most dominant players of these four over time. His basic thesis: Apple has become the world's most powerful luxury brand. That's an important distinction from being a "technology" brand because, as Galloway put it: "luxury brands give you self-expressive benefit -- they signal something about you."

The key here is that people are willing to pay big bucks for aspirational luxury brands, and that will allow Apple to continue enjoying wide margins that the competition won't be able to approach. Galloway argues that, in business, products must appeal to one of three things: people's instinct to survive, their instinct to love, and their desire to mate.

The latter usually sells the best, and Apple knows that. The company's build-out of wearable luxury -- starting with the Apple Watch -- is the first step in exploiting this human tendency. Galloway argues that this approach will lead Apple to shortly become the world's first trillion-dollar company.

Andres Cardenal (Google): Information is power, and new technologies are allowing companies in different areas to leverage the power of information in unimaginable ways. Google's mission is "to organize the world's information and make it universally accessible and useful," and this means the company is in a position of enormous power and influence.

Google is the undisputed leader in search, and the business tends to become stronger as it becomes bigger over time. The more people use Google, the better the quality of the results, which attracts even more users. The same goes for Google's competitive position in online advertising. Advertisers and publishers attract each other to the platform, so a bigger Google means a more powerful Google, too.

As consumers are increasingly turning to mobile, Google is one of the leading players in the segment thanks to the popularity of its Android operating system. Besides, services and applications such as YouTube, Google Maps, Gmail, and Chrome are among the most popular in both Android and iOS, so the company has secured its place in the mobile computing world.

From a financial point of view, Google is a profitable and dynamic growth business. Total sales in the first quarter of 2015 grew 17% in constant currency, and the company generates fat operating margins in the area of 26% of revenue.

This provides the economic resources to invest in all kinds of innovative projects, from self-driving cars to breakthrough healthcare research. As a result, Google has what it takes to be among the most powerful corporations on the planet over the coming years.

Jeremy Bowman (Amazon): On a market-cap basis, Amazon.com is the smallest of these four companies today, but it's the one that has been most consistently focused on the future. It is putting the pieces in place to create several sustainable competitive advantages that should endure for years to come.

In its most recent earnings report, we learned that Amazon has built an industry-leading $5 billion cloud computing business that is solidly profitable. The company's Prime loyalty program likely has somewhere between 30 million and 40 million members who receive a unique set of benefits that no other company could match, including unlimited video streaming and free two-day delivery on millions of items.

It's no surprise then that Amazon consistently ranks among the top businesses for customer service. The company has made pleasing the customer a top priority and continues to innovate to do so.

With leading positions in areas like e-commerce, e-books, and cloud computing, Amazon combines a network of advantages that no other company can match. It is just beginning to leverage those positions with programs like Amazon Home Services that use Amazon's leadership in e-commerce to drive high-profit commission sales in new markets.

It's impossible to say how the company will look in 2020, but it's fair to surmise that its current advantages will only become more entrenched. Its aspirations in areas like groceries and one-hour delivery may also turn into significant competitive advantages. Annual sales will likely have reached more than $200 billion by then as well, further widening its economic moat.

In short, Amazon.com brings a unique combination of growth, innovation, and competitive advantages, and those assets will only make it stronger five years down the road.

Tim Brugger (Facebook): A case could be made for any of these companies becoming the most important to the global community in five years. However, the unprecedented scope and continued growth of Facebook sets it apart.

Leading up to Facebook's Q1 2015 earnings announcement, some questioned its (relatively) stagnant monthly average user (MAU) growth. Of course, with 1.39 billion MAUs heading into 2015, it could be argued there simply aren't that many connected users around that aren't already on board the Facebook train. Regardless, Facebook added another 50 million MAUs last quarter: and that wasn't even the best news.

Nearly 1 billion of Facebook's 1.44 billion MAUs access the site daily. Take a moment to consider that -- of the seven-plus billion people on the planet, nearly 1 billion utilize Facebook each and every day. Now consider that its WhatsApp mobile messaging service has over 800 million MAUs, Instagram boasts over 300 million, and its in-house Messenger unit has grown to over 500 million users.

In other words, over three billion users are on Facebook or a Facebook-owned property every month. Naturally, there's considerable overlap among those three billion users; but that doesn't detract from Facebook's undeniable popularity.

Now, factor in Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's Internet.org initiative to bring connectivity to the world's underserved masses, and the impact that will have on its multiple properties. It's not inconceivable to consider that Facebook or one of its assets will be utilized by half the world's population by 2020. The world has never communicated as often, or as thoroughly, as it does today: thanks to Facebook. And to think, it's just getting started. 
2015-07-02
Apple May Pay Image Price for 'Demoralizing' Worker Searches Apple Inc. Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook personally fielded at least one Apple Store employee complaint about  demoralizing  security searches. Adding 12,000 more may give him a reason to worry about the company s reputation.

A handful of former workers who sued the company two years ago seek a few dollars a day for time spent having their bags and electronic devices searched at meal breaks and after their shifts.

They re asking a judge to let them add more than 12,400 former colleagues from 52 stores throughout California to the lawsuit to put the world s most valuable technology company on trial over its treatment of a staff known for almost cult-like loyalty.

The case will become a thorn in Apple s side if the workers win class-action status, said Michael Risch, a law professor at Villanova University School of Law in Pennsylvania.

 I assume they would take a $75 million hit plus bad publicity seriously,  Risch said in an e-mail.  Chump change for Apple, but nothing to sneeze at. 

The last big employment lawsuit Apple faced was resolved ahead of trial after a judge granted group status to thousands of former employees to pursue claims that the iPhone maker, Google Inc. and other Silicon Valley technology giants conspired to drive down wages by not hiring each other s employees. That $415 million settlement comes before a judge this month for final approval.

The evidence in that case featured e-mails describing how Apple s co-founder and then CEO Steve Jobs, who died in 2011, pulled the strings of technology executives to keep employees from jumping ship and making more money.

Damaging E-Mails

The security screening case also has exposed potentially damaging e-mails, including some among executives that show the company was uneasy with the policy.

A subject of particular ire in complaints to managers were cards the company issued requiring the listed serial numbers of Apple devices workers carry into the stores. When they leave, employees are required to prove to managers that the numbers on the card match those on their devices, and are then subjected to bag searches, according to a court filing.

In a 2012 e-mail to Cook labeled  Fearless Feedback,  an unidentified Apple Store employee described the searches in front of customers as  demoralizing. 

 Managers are required to treat  valued  employees as criminals,  the worker wrote.

 Is This True? 

Cook forwarded the message the same day to two executives, asking:  Is this true? 

The U.S. Supreme Court ruled last year that workers don t have a federal right to be paid for time spent in post-shift security searches, unanimously rejecting claims by former Amazon.com Inc. warehouse workers. That decision left an opening for the Apple workers to pursue their case under California law.

U.S. District Judge William Alsup in San Francisco last year rejected Apple s bid to throw out the case, ruling that a  more comprehensive  airing of evidence was required.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

The workers  bid for class-action status may put the company on the hook for compensation for every Apple Store employee over a six-year period who wasn t paid for the minutes they submitted to screenings each day. For 12,000 employees deprived of 15 minutes pay at a minimum wage of $9 an hour, that amounts to about about $60 million, according to Risch. Apple could also be hit with another $15 million in penalties, he said.

 Mini-Trials 

The workers are pushing for a jury to decide whether they re entitled to lost pay. Calculating damages for such a large class of workers would require  mini-trials  for each one, Risch said, adding that the court proceedings alone would cost Apple  a fortune. 

Apple argues that the workers aren t entitled to class status because there are too many variables in how different stores apply the screening policy. The company cited a 2011 U.S. Supreme Court ruling that blocked thousands of women from pursuing gender discrimination claims as a group against Wal-Mart Stores Inc.

At a hearing Thursday, Alsup asked how a trial with so many variables could be managed. Alsup questioned a lawyer for the workers about whether the process could be simplified to eliminate the  myriad variations  of individual employees.

 It s all or nothing,  Alsup said.  Either this policy is not compensable to anyone, or the entire class wins. 

Lee Shalov, representing the workers, asked the judge if he d grant class status under those terms.

 Positively Yes 

 I m not going to say positively yes but that would solve a lot of problems,  Alsup said. He didn t issue a ruling during the hearing.

Josh Rosenstock, a spokesman for Apple, declined to comment on Thursday s hearing or whether the screening policy is still in place.

If Alsup sides with the workers, Apple will probably settle the case rather than risk a trial, said Orly Lobel, a law professor at the University of San Diego who specializes in labor and employment issues.

 I don t see it as a  threat  to Apple in the larger scheme of things but certainly if class is certified it would likely end in some settlement and Apple would have to change some of its calculations of wage and hour pay to certain categories of employees,  Lobel said.

Searches Useless

In the e-mail to Cook three years ago, the Apple Store worker said besides being offensive, the security searches were probably useless.

If an employee wants to steal an Apple device,  I am sure they would be smart enough not to show that stolen device and its non-matching serial number when asked to show their device card,  the worker wrote.  I think they would also be smart enough not to hide their stolen device in their bags. 

The case is Frlekin v. Apple, 13-cv-03451, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California (San Francisco.) 
2015-06-16
Apple Inc. is hiring journalists who want to work 40 hours a week Journalists tired of long hours glued to their keyboards might want to send out their resumes directly to Cupertino, California.

A recent job posting from Apple says that the company is seeking several  News Editors  to join the team for its upcoming News app. The hours? A cushy 40 a week.

 These editors will help News users find the best and most timely coverage of major news events, while also managing select categories based on their areas of professional expertise,  the ad reads.

The rest of the job description is pretty vague. In addition to five years of newsroom experience and a BA in journalism, Apple is looking for someone with  a strong understanding of the technology behind digital news. 

Granted, most of Apple s job postings describe work weeks as 40 hours, even though Apple s senior engineers reportedly toil round-the-clock, especially before product launches (paywall). There s reason to believe that an Apple News Editor might actually clock out a bit earlier though.

Some might quiver at the thought of Apple shaking up the news industry by suddenly getting into the reporting and writing business, but there s little evidence that Apple News is going to be anything more than a fancy news app. (Note: Quartz is an early partner, along with Vanity Fair, CNN, NPR and others)

Newsstand and iBooks, Apple s respective apps for media and books, have remained minor players in the App Store. They ve been eclipsed by popular alternatives like Amazon s Kindle Reader and Flipboard. Meanwhile, a treasure trove of high-quality third-party apps help drive iPhone sales, not standalone Apple-branded apps. And iPhone sales, not content, are what drive most of Apple s profits.

With News editors, Apple appears to be seeking curators to choose which third-party news article sits at the top of the screen, rather than an ink-stained investigative journalist.

As the job description says, editors will  surface great content from a range of high-quality publishers.  Now that sounds like it could be a 40-hour-a-week job. Apple, Inc. Kneecaps Google, Inc.'s Ad Business With a Tiny iOS 9 Tweak Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) CEO Tim Cook recently accused Web-based search and social companies of "gobbling up everything they can learn about you and trying to monetize it" with ads.

Shortly after Cook gave that blistering speech, Apple revealed how serious it is about killing targeted ads. At WWDC, Apple quietly introduced a new application programming interface that lets developers create ad-blocking extensions for the iOS 9 version of Safari.

In the past, third-party ad blockers such as Eyeo's AdBlock Plus worked on the desktop version of Safari, but they couldn't block ads on iPhones and iPads. Safari accounts for over a third of smartphone and tablet browsers worldwide, according to Net Market Share.

A recent survey by PageFair found that 28% of American Internet users already use Eyeo's AdBlock Plus. If Apple nurtures that growth by inviting ad blockers to jump on iPhones and iPads, it could seriously hurt Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), which relies heavily on iOS devices for mobile ad revenue.

Why it's a brilliant move by Apple

Unlike Google, Apple doesn't generate much ad revenue. Research firm eMarketer estimates that Apple's ad business, iAd, accounted for just 0.3% of its top line last year. iAd doesn't sell ads for websites, the way Google does. Instead, it lets developers embed ads into mobile apps or iTunes Radio.

Therefore, killing display ads on mobile versions of Safari won't hurt Apple at all. Instead, data costs will decline, pages will load faster, and battery life will improve. Eyeo, which recently released an ad-blocking browser on Android, claims that loading mobile ads can consume up to 23% of a mobile device's battery.

Ad blockers are a thorn in Google's side. PageFair estimates that the use of AdBlock Plus on PCs cost Google $887 million in potential ad revenue in 2012. That's why Google started paying Eyeo to "whitelist" some of its less-intrusive ads. The Financial Times claims that Google and other advertisers pay Eyeo 30% of the ad revenue that they would have lost if the ads had remained blocked.

Once developers launch ad-blocking extensions for mobile Safari, they could similarly hold Google's ads "hostage" or cripple its ability to monetize iOS users. It would be tempting for Apple to simply add an option to turn off all ads on Safari, but that would probably expose it to plenty of lawsuits from advertisers.

How badly will this hurt Google?

In 2014, Google generated a whopping 75% of its mobile ad revenue from iOS, according to Goldman Sachs. That means business from Apple's mobile devices accounted for nearly 14% of Google's top line.

Half of that total comes from a deal that makes Google the default search engine for mobile Safari. Google reportedly pays Apple $1 billion to $2 billion annually to hold that spot, but rumors indicate that Apple may soon dump Google for Microsoft Bing on Safari. That wouldn't be surprising, since Apple already did the same thing with Siri and Spotlight Search. Once Apple enables ad-blocking on mobile Safari and ditches Google as the default search engine, Google's top line could take a big hit.

Yet Google arguably forced Apple's hand by expanding too deeply into the iOS walled garden with ecosystem apps such as Google Maps, YouTube, Drive, and Google Now. That expansion pressured Apple to launch its own competing services, such as Apple Maps, to prevent its users from being tightly tethered to Google services.

Google's nightmare has just begun

Google is facing a crucial turning point in its business. Its traditional display ads are falling out of favor, and it's losing ground to Facebook in mobile display ads.

eMarketer estimates that Facebook generated more than three times as much mobile display ad revenue as Google in the U.S. last year. Facebook's News Feed is a more streamlined place to view ads than Google's scattered ad network. Facebook's mobile ads are also practically immune to ad blockers, since they're contained within apps instead of mobile websites.

The rise of ad blockers hasn't crippled Google yet, but Apple's involvement could be a game-changer when iOS 9 arrives later this year. But it's not just Google that needs to watch its back -- any company that relies too heavily on online advertising should beware. 
2015-04-17
Apple Inc.: Equity Analysts Initiate New Ratings and Share Price Targets Wall Street analysts are publishing this week their first research reports and ratings on the tech giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), with mixed ratings.

In a research report published Thursday, FBR Capital analyst Daniel Ives initiated coverage on Apple with an Outperform rating and a price target of $185, which represents a potential upside of 47% from where the stock is currently trading.

Ives wrote,  While Apple remains a widely covered company from a sell-side perspective, we are throwing our hat in the ring with the unique approach of focusing more on Apple s software, which represents the  crown jewel  embedded in its products/ services and should ultimately help lead it to becoming the world s first $1 trillion company as mobile device hardware becomes increasingly commoditized. 

The analyst continued,  With the Apple Watch launch front and center this week (pre-sales) as it potentially opens up another growth avenue, we ultimately believe that, at its core, Apple attracts its customers by leveraging the benefits of its closed software ecosystem, driving greater adoption of its devices and services, a positive dynamic and a major ingredient in Apple s recipe for success. We believe the Street is currently underestimating the top-line/profit growth potential in these key areas with Apple s all-important software platform at the epicenter of its solutions. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Daniel Ives has a total average return of 9.1% and a 60.0% success rate. Ives has a 1.3% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #548 out of 3573 analysts.

Maxim Group analyst Nehal Chokshi also came out with a research report on AAPL, initiating coverage with a Hold rating and a $144 price target. With Apple shares last trading at $124.78, Chokshi s price target implies potential upside of about 15%.

Chokshi stated,  Based on our discussions with multiple bearish AAPL investors, we believe that fears of ASP and margin compression loom large. However, our survey data indicates that wireless carriers will remain in a  prisoner s dilemma.  Specifically, we find that ~40% of loyal iPhone users have a similar usage profile to the 11% of current iPhone users who intend to switch away. We define these users as latent switchers, or in other words, those who wouldn t stay loyal to the iPhone if their carrier stopped carrying it. 

The analyst further commented,  Our analysis indicates that this retention rate is still too low for carriers to walk away from AAPL s premium pricing terms. Finally, our data on loyal iPhone usage profiles shows little change over the past three years, giving us confidence that latent switcher rates will remain at the current 40% level. Thus, even if Android pricing completely commoditizes, AAPL s premium price + subsidy should remain intact, and we note that growth of installment plans make the premium pricing even less detectable. 

Apple is scheduled to report earnings on Monday, April 27, and the analysts will most likely focus their attention on the key financial metrics, which will be driven mostly by sales of the company s iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus devices. Apple Inc wants to launch Apple Pay in Canada this fall, report says Apple Inc. is engaged in talks with Canada s six largest banks about rolling out its Apple Pay mobile payments platform in Canada this fall, the Wall Street Journal reported on Friday.

Royal Bank of Canada, Toronto-Dominion Bank, Bank of Nova Scotia, Bank of Montreal, Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce and the National Bank of Canada are said to be a part of the discussions regarding a potential November launch, people familiar with the matter told the newspaper.

Canada would be the first country outside the U.S. to get the service, which enables consumers to pay for goods at retail locations by waving their iPhone or Apple Watch in front of a wireless reader.

The service would be equipped to support mobile payments for both credit and debit cards, people told the Journal.

Several sticking points have emerged in the talks between Apple and the banks, though, over the  onerous  fees Apple wants to charge the banks and the potential security vulnerabilities of the service, the Journal reported.

Related

Apple Pay first launched in the U.S. last October and has reportedly become increasingly popular with consumers there, but indications that U.S. banks are  grappling with growing incidence of fraud on Apple Pay  has caused Canada s Big Six banks some concern.

 Canadian banks want Apple Pay to work in a way that requires a  secondary authentication  to verify customer information before cards can be used with the phones. That means that a consumer could be required to enter a PIN, log-on to a mobile banking app or use a one-time passcode sent via text message before cards can be used on Apple Pay,  some of the people familiar told the paper.

The Canadian banks are also attempting to secure a better fee structure from Apple, which according to a  base case  one person cited  could be in the range of 15 to 25 basis points on credit card transactions to Apple. 

U.S. banks are charged 15 basis points per credit card payment and half-a-cent per debit transaction for the service, people in the payments industry said. What to Expect Ahead of Apple Inc.'s First Quarter Earnings: Piper Jaffray Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster weighed in today with his views on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), as the company is scheduled to report its fiscal second-quarter earnings results on April 27 after the market close.

The analyst expects the company will report revenue in line with Street estimates of $55.6 billion and guide Jun-15 up by 1% at the high end of its guidance. Munster believes the slight guide-up will be driven by continued strength in iPhone 6 and an early read in Apple Watch sales.

Beyond the report and guide,  We believe investors are trying to figure out how to think about the impact of the iPhone 6/6+ lifecycle and its impact on iPhone market share. Overall, we believe there could be some modest upside to the rest of CY15 and CY16 based on iPhone market share declining at a slower rate than other cycles, which we believe helps the upside case for the stock. , the analyst wrote.

Heading into Mar-15 earnings, the analyst believes that the biggest investor questions are around what Jun-15 and Sep-15 iPhone units look like as we enter a typically slower period in the iPhone cycle ahead of the fall update. He noted,  Our take is that it is really a question of market share in the June and September quarters, which are typically the lowest market share numbers for iPhone through a given year. Over the last two years, June/September market share has been four ppts lower than March. If the iPhone 6/6+ cycle is fundamentally different than prior cycles given the larger screen size, which we believe is true, then market share in June and September could be higher than historical norms. 

Munster rates AAPL an Overweight with a price target of $160, which implies an upside of 27% from current levels.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Gene Munster has a total average return of 27.8% and a 71.0% success rate. Munster has a 31.2% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #2 out of 3573 analysts. 
2015-07-25
There's No Way Apple, Inc. Sold Over 4 Million Apple Watches When it comes to Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) new Apple Watch, we don't know what we don't know. The Mac maker justifies this opacity by saying it doesn't want to tip its hand to its rivals, but at the same time it's not quite clear what competitors could even do with that information. It should come as no surprise that Apple is already the most successful smartwatch vendor on the market right now, a conclusion that's not hard to come by even without concrete data.

Here's what we know

The list of data points that investors know about Apple Watch's performance is quite small. We know that Apple Watch accounted for "well over 100% of the growth" in the Other Products category, so Apple Watch revenue was at least greater than $952 million, but could have theoretically been as high as $1.5 billion. The only other indication that Tim Cook gave on the conference call was this: "And to give you a little additional insight, through the end of the quarter, in fact the Apple Watch sell-through was higher than the comparable launch periods of the original iPhone or the original iPad."

Apple Watch launched at the end of April, so it was available for approximately two months out of the quarter, albeit severely supply constrained. To compare Apple Watch sales with the iPad, Apple sold 2 million iPads in just under 60 days after launch. So investors know for a fact that Apple has sold over 2 million Apple Watch units for "well over" $952 million. To be clear, even 2 million units sold is an unqualified success, immediately making Apple the top smartwatch vendor.

But what about 4 million?

Here's where the ongoing guesswork comes in. Two different market researchers have put out their estimates on how many units Apple was able to sell. Strategy Analytics believes that Apple sold 4 million Apple Watch units, while Canalys pegs the figure at 4.2 million. It's unclear what methodologies are used to arrive at these estimates, but 4 million seems a little bit too high. Here's why.

Let's say that Apple Watch generated $1.5 billion in revenue, which is probably an optimistic scenario. If Apple sold 4 million units, that would translate into an average selling price of just $375. That ASP seems too low, because it would imply that demand is almost exclusively concentrated in the Sport model. While demand is probably skewed toward the more affordable Sport model, but I doubt that it's that skewed.

Anecdotally, I've seen a handful of the stainless-steel models out and about, which start at $550. Combine that with prior reports that demand is also concentrated in the 42mm models. Noted Apple analyst Ming-Chi Kuo with KGI Securities estimated in May that 42mm models are accounting for 60% to 70% of production, with buyers predominantly being men (who prefer larger watches). Not including the gold models, the 42mm models carry a $50 premium.

Theoretically, even if all demand was exclusively for the Apple Watch Sport and there were zero sales of Apple Watch (stainless steel) or Apple Watch Edition (gold), then the ASP would still be greater than $375 because the pricing range for Sport models is $350 to $400. Clearly, Apple did sell at least some of the more expensive models.

The $10,000-and-up Apple Watch Edition was never destined to be a big seller in terms of unit volumes, but I'm sure Apple sold a handful of them. In hindsight, that Wall Street Journal article proclaiming that Apple was ordering 1 million Edition units per month during the second quarter sounds even more absurd. Sadly, Apple won't need to procure 560 metric tons (a fifth of global production) of gold each year.

Math doesn't lie

There's no way Apple sold 4 million Apple Watch units during the second quarter, since the implied ASP is unrealistically low. If we use a more realistic theoretical ASP of $500, then that would translate into $2 billion in revenue. But that would comprise the bulk of the entire Other Products category, which generated a total of $2.6 billion in revenue. Tim Cook acknowledged that iPod and accessories sales are shrinking, but it seems unlikely that they plunged by over 60%.

As it stands, the numbers simply don't add up. 
2015-02-19
Apple Wants to Start Producing Cars as Soon as 2020 Apple Inc., which has been working secretly on a car, is pushing its team to begin production of an electric vehicle as early as 2020, people with knowledge of the matter said.

The timeframe -- automakers typically spend five to seven years developing a car -- underscores the project s aggressive goals and could set the stage for a battle for customers with Tesla Motors Inc. and General Motors Co. Both automakers are targeting a 2017 release of an electric vehicle that can go more than 200 miles on a single charge and cost less than $40,000.

 That s the inflection point -- the proving ground -- that brings on the electric age,  Steve LeVine, author of  The Powerhouse,  a book about the automotive battery industry, said on Bloomberg TV Thursday.  Now you have Apple coming in and this is critical mass. Was GM really going to be able to match Tesla? Apple can. 

Apple, which posted record profit of $18 billion during the past quarter, has $178 billion in cash with few avenues to spend it. The Cupertino, California-based company s research and development costs were $6.04 billion in the past year, and Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook is facing increased pressure to return cash to shareholders. The CEO has been pushing the iPhone maker to enter new categories to further envelop users  digital lives with Apple s products and services.

Apple s possible foray into cars follows a similar path it s taken to break into other industries. The company wasn t the first to make a digital-music player or smartphone, and only entered those markets once it had a product that redefined those categories.

Apple representatives declined to comment for this story.

Car Team

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

Tesla s success in creating a startup car company has shown that the traditional barriers of entry into the auto industry aren t as difficult to overcome as originally thought, said one person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private. At the same time, automakers have struggled to bring technical leaps to car development, something that Silicon Valley is also seeking to accomplish. For example, Google Inc. has invested in developing an autonomous vehicle since 2010.

 Apple would have some advantages as a new entrant to the auto industry,  including its cash, ability to connect with its own devices and the infancy of the electric-vehicle market, Barclays analysts Ben Reitzes and Brian Johnson wrote in a note to investors.  Finally, Apple s brand   arguably the most important advantage   is a big attraction for the next generation of car customers. 

Apple may decide to scrap its car effort or delay it if executives are unhappy with progress, as they ve done before with other secret projects, the people said. The car team, which already has about 200 people, began ramping up hiring within the past couple of months as the company sought out experts in technologies for batteries and robotics, said one of the people.

Battery Lawsuit

An experienced automaker typically spends five to seven years developing a new vehicle before bringing it to market, according to Dennis Virag, president of Automotive Consulting Group.

 If you re starting from scratch, you re probably talking more like 10 years,  Virag said.  A car is a very complex technological machine. 

A lawsuit filed this month gives a window into Apple s efforts to create a automotive team for the project. Apple began around June an  aggressive campaign to poach  employees from A123 Systems LLC, the Waltham, Massachusetts-based battery maker said in the lawsuit.

Apple hired five people from A123 and has tried to hire battery experts from LG Chem Ltd., Samsung Electronics Co., Panasonic Corp., Toshiba Corp. and Johnson Controls Inc., according to the lawsuit.

 Apple is currently developing a large-scale battery division to compete in the very same field as A123,  the battery maker said in a separate state-court filing.

The recent hiring effort at A123 began with Mujeeb Ijaz, a former Ford Motor Co. engineer, who founded A123 s Venture Technologies division, which focused on materials research, cell product development and advanced concepts. He began at Apple in June and began hiring direct reports from A123 s venture technologies division, which he had headed.

Tesla CEO Elon Musk told Bloomberg Businessweek this month that Apple was seeking to hire away his workers, offering $250,000 signing bonuses and 60 percent salary increases.

Bricks and Mortar

 Apple is good at developing technology but car making is, and will continue to be, a bricks-and-mortar proposition,  Matt DeLorenzo, an analyst at Kelley Blue Book, wrote in an e-mail.  Apple will need a partner, perhaps a Chinese manufacturer, with an infrastructure if it s going to hit the five-year goal. 

Some parts of the automotive industry seem unfazed by Silicon Valley s increasing interest in the market. Last month, before Apple s efforts were revealed, Volkswagen AG Chief Executive Officer Martin Winterkorn brushed off the increasing competition.

 We re not afraid of these new competitors,  Winterkorn said at a reception outside Stuttgart, Germany, according to a transcript obtained by Bloomberg.  The opposite is true: they encourage us to look more intensively into the chances of the digital world.  EXCLUSIVE: LoopPay CEO Talks Samsung Acquisition, Apple Pay Two years ago, LoopPay (previously known as The Loop) was a clever concept on Kickstarter. Today it might be the most important acquisition that SAMSUNG ELECT LTD(F) (OTC: SSNLF) has ever made to compete with Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL).

"We solved a very tough problem, which was, 'How do you get the phone to talk with the existing point of sale without having to change the point of sales out there?'" Will Graylin, co-founder and CEO of LoopPay, told Benzinga in October 2013.

Unlike Apple Pay and most other mobile payment solutions, LoopPay works with virtually any POS (point of sale) terminal. This allows more than 10 million merchants to accept LoopPay.

Graylin and his co-founder, George Wallner, are industry veterans. Graylin founded WAY Systems (the world's first pocket POS solution), which was acquired by VeriFone Systems Inc (NYSE: PAY). He also started ROAM Data, a mobile payments company that supplied all of Square's competitors -- PayAnywhere, Intuit Inc. (NASDAQ: INTU), PayPal, etc. -- and was acquired by Ingenico.

Wallner founded Hypercom, which became one of the top three POS firms before it was acquired by VeriFone. He was also one of the pioneers of the modern-day mag stripe POS terminal.

"We're very excited about the acquisition," Graylin told Benzinga about its merger with Samsung. "I think this is really the next big stage for us to play on. Exciting times ahead for us."

Related Link: New Mobile Payment Startup Takes On Coin And Plastic - But Not Apple Pay

Kickstarter Led The Way

Samsung discovered LoopPay after the company launched its Kickstarter campaign.

"They found us," said Graylin. "I think they started to see the merits."

This is not the first time that Kickstarter helped a startup meet a major corporation. The crowdsourced platform has become somewhat of a matchmaker for M&As, leading to a surprising merger between Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB) and Oculus VR.

More M&As? Not Likely

Graylin doesn't expect the LoopPay/Samsung deal to lead to more mergers in the mobile payment space.

"That I don't necessarily see," he said. "We're an interesting solution because we really had this breakthrough patented solution that differentiates and helps solve a fundamental problem, which is: how do you get your mobile device to actually talk to a point of sale? [How do you] create a consumer experience that comes even close to matching your wallet? Because fundamentally you're talking about replacing your wallet. That's the big hurdle."

Disclosure: At the time of this writing, Louis Bedigian had no position in the equities mentioned in this report.

Posted-In: Apple Pay Kickstarter LoopPay SamsungTop Stories Exclusives Tech Interview Best of Benzinga

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Apple's Dirty Little Rare Earth Secret Apple refuses to publicly acknowledge these issues, although as the world's largest company in terms of market capitalization, it should be held to the highest level of scrutiny.

There is a very real risk that Apple or its suppliers will not be able to get the REEs that they need - this could put the company's production at

Some of these metals are produced exclusively in China, which means Apple is dependent on Chinese mining, processing and exports that are out of its control.

Overview

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) shares have been touching all-time highs. Meanwhile, headlines lauding the company's achievement of topping a $700 billion market capitalization and analyst calls for a $150/share price have created the sort of euphoria that should concern contrarian investors. But what can go wrong? A survey of Seeking Alpha and other venues reveals that the company could be vulnerable to competition from commodity-priced phones, computers and tablets, and that the strong dollar could create a headwind considering that the bulk of Apple sales come from overseas.

Bulls brush these aside, and rightly so. Virtually every company faces competition, and Apple has done a better job of handling this than most; and what's the big deal if Apple is earning fewer dollars if these dollars are gaining in value, and when any "losses" are offset by sales growth?

Yet, Apple is hardly a risk-free investment. As an investor in and writer on critical metals, I came across an article that reveals what I think is a potential threat to Apple. Apple products - and the iPhone in particular - contain very small amounts of, yet a wide variety of, rare earth elements: yttrium, lanthanum, cerium, praseodymium, neodymium, gadolinium, europium, terbium and dysprosium, according to the article.

The article is, in part, intended to promote the idea that America's only REE producer - Molycorp (MCP) - is well positioned to benefit from rising iPhone sales. In fact, it is peppered with quotes from Molycorp's (then) CEO Mark Smith, including "Your iPhone doesn't work without rare earths in there." I will get to why this is the case below. But what the article doesn't mention is that most of Molycorp's production is from just two of these metals - cerium and lanthanum - and a small amount comes from two others - neodymium and praseodymium. The others - europium, gadolinium, terbium and dysprosium - are produced exclusively in China, with very minor exceptions.

This observation leads me to assert that Apple faces a low-probability yet potentially high-impact risk that it will not be able to produce iPhones (and other products) - or more accurately that its suppliers will fail to meet its needs - in the event that China restricts its REE exports. Given that these elements are essential to producing Apple products, I believe that the bottleneck effect could be sizable and poses a risk to shareholders.

In addition to this risk to the Apple investment thesis, the company's "green" image is in jeopardy if consumers were to discover the extent of environmental impact that Chinese REE production really has.

In what follows I will show:

That REEs, and in particular those produced exclusively in China, are essential to producing iPhones.

Substitutability is at best a poor alternative that could be months or years into the future, and at worst impossible given the unique attributes of these metals.

China controls virtually all production of these metals, and has actively pursued export restrictions that could seriously impact several of Apple's suppliers which operate outside of China.

Chinese REE mines face virtually no environmental scrutiny, and have a negative environmental impact that runs counter to Apple's claim that it is a leader in the environmental movement.

There is a very simple solution to these problems that Apple would have no trouble financing - the problem could be largely solved in just a few short years, at a minimal cost to shareholders.

1. What Makes REEs So Essential?

Going back to the Cnet article, you'll find that the above-mentioned REEs can be found throughout the iPhone.

The Color Screen : Yttrium, lanthanum, praseodymium, europium, gadolinium, terbium, dysprosium. Some of these metals have no substitute in the color screen, such as terbium (green phosphors) and europium (red phosphors).

: Yttrium, lanthanum, praseodymium, europium, gadolinium, terbium, dysprosium. Some of these metals have no substitute in the color screen, such as terbium (green phosphors) and europium (red phosphors). Glass Polishing : Lanthanum, cerium, praseodymium. The iPhone needs polished glass, although these metals don't apply to the thesis at hand, since these metals are produced by Molycorp and Lynas Corp. (OTCPK:LYSDY) - the other major REE producer outside of China.

: Lanthanum, cerium, praseodymium. The iPhone needs polished glass, although these metals don't apply to the thesis at hand, since these metals are produced by Molycorp and Lynas Corp. (OTCPK:LYSDY) - the other major REE producer outside of China. Phone Circuitry : Lanthanum, praseodymium, neodymium, gadolinium, dysprosium. The circuits contain neodymium-iron-boron magnets that contain small amounts of dysprosium (and sometimes terbium, not mentioned by Cnet, although not necessarily found in iPhone circuitry) in order to stabilize their coercivity, which basically means that dysprosium is needed in order for the magnet to retain its magnetic quality at higher temperatures and to maintain stable properties through many cycles of heating and cooling. The neodymium-iron-boron magnet isn't essential, but the iPhone would be much bigger and less efficient without it.

: Lanthanum, praseodymium, neodymium, gadolinium, dysprosium. The circuits contain neodymium-iron-boron magnets that contain small amounts of dysprosium (and sometimes terbium, not mentioned by Cnet, although not necessarily found in iPhone circuitry) in order to stabilize their coercivity, which basically means that dysprosium is needed in order for the magnet to retain its magnetic quality at higher temperatures and to maintain stable properties through many cycles of heating and cooling. The neodymium-iron-boron magnet isn't essential, but the iPhone would be much bigger and less efficient without it. Speakers : Praseodymium neodymium, gadolinium, terbium, dysprosium. Speakers contain permanent magnets, and if you want that magnet to be small, it is going to be a neodymium-iron-boron magnet. If you want the magnet to function at higher temperatures, it needs to contain dysprosium and terbium.

: Praseodymium neodymium, gadolinium, terbium, dysprosium. Speakers contain permanent magnets, and if you want that magnet to be small, it is going to be a neodymium-iron-boron magnet. If you want the magnet to function at higher temperatures, it needs to contain dysprosium and terbium. Vibration Unit: Neodymium, terbium, dysprosium. The same story applies. The vibration unit needs permanent magnets.

We've seen that there are five parts of the iPhone that contain REEs in some shape or form, and that in four of these five cases, the REE list includes at least one metal that is mined exclusively in China.

Now, of course, given what has been said, we can imagine a functional iPhone that doesn't contain certain REEs, and in the event of a shortage, the company could still make a phone. But clearly, it would be lacking. Let's look at a couple examples to see what the iPhone would be like without some of the key REEs.

Europium: Without Europium, the iPhone would not be able to display lifelike reds. There are worse things in the world, but Apple prides itself on its sleek and aesthetically pleasing products, which would make the situation unacceptable. Neodymium: Neodymium is mined outside of China, but China remains the biggest supplier - and neodymium is essential for permanent magnets. Samarium-cobalt magnets are a possible substitute, but they are larger, less effective and cannot function in higher temperature scenarios the way neodymium-iron-boron magnets can (particularly with a dysprosium and/or terbium alloy). Without neodymium, your iPhone would be bigger and less efficient. Dysprosium: Again dysprosium is essential for stabilizing the coercivity in neodymium-iron-boron magnets. While required only in small amounts (up to 3%), the phone would have to operate at lower and more stable temperatures without dysprosium, and this would make it slower and less effective. Terbium: Without terbium, the iPhone cannot display lifelike greens. Terbium also is a key ingredient in neodymium-iron-boron magnets, which, in small amounts (up to 0.5%), also increases the coercivity and potency of the magnet. Without terbium, the phone would be less efficient.

Could we have an iPhone without REEs, and in particular, the REEs produced exclusively in China? We could, but it wouldn't be able to display key colors (including a primary color), and it would be bigger and slower.

2. What About Substitution?

Now that we've established just how essential many of the REEs are in producing the iPhone, a counter-argument might go as follows: Apple has some of the most intelligent minds at its disposal, with access to billions of dollars. Why can't the company simply come up with a substitute for REEs?

The issue of substitutability has been studied extensively. While oftentimes there are substitutes for any given metal, rarely are they perfectly adequate - sacrifices must be made, such as an increase in cost, an increase in product size, or a decrease in functionality and efficiency.

T. E. Graedel discusses the issue in his "On the Materials Basis of Modern Society" (Graedel, 2013). He finds that substitutes are ineffective for many of the REEs found in the iPhone - dysprosium and europium, in particular. The following table illustrates the results of Graedel's findings.

The data was arrived at by consulting with industry experts and compiling a list of the most common usages for each metal. While the approach couldn't be exhaustive, Graedel seeks to cover a minimum of 80% of the usage of each metal - this certainly includes phosphors and permanent magnets. Note that dysprosium and europium each received a score of "100," which makes them among the least substitutable metals.

One crucial thing to note regarding substitutability is that substitutes are often found among groups of metals, meaning that a likely candidate for an REE substitute would be another REE. The REEs as a group have similarities on an atomic level. The best substitutes for, say, dysprosium (and again this doesn't necessarily mean these are fully adequate substitutes) are going to be elements most similar to dysprosium, or closest to dysprosium on the periodic table (e.g. terbium and holmium, the latter of which essentially has no market). Like dysprosium, these elements suffer from the same supply risks and are likely to be included in any export or use restrictions imposed by China that would impact dysprosium exports.

Given the situation, there are no options short of a new innovation. This is not impossible. For instance, neodymium-iron-boron magnets were mass produced by General Motors (NYSE:GM) in response to a cobalt shortage which forced the company to find a substitute for samarium-cobalt magnets. However, innovation takes time, and even a short-term export restriction or more general shortage can create the bottleneck effect that concerns me here.

3. China Controls The Production of REEs

China's control of the REE market is common knowledge in a precursory way, but I think many investors don't understand the extent of this or the implications.

A: Overview

China's dominance in the REE space didn't happen by chance. This has been a multi decade-long development, during which time China developed not just an REE industry, but an intellectual tradition that supports the industry that is conspicuously absent in the West. For instance, the Baotou Research Institute of Rare Earths has been around since 1963. By comparison, no such institutes exist in the U.S., and only recently have American policymakers begun to realize just how important this industry is and how far advanced the Chinese really are. But the intellectual interest in the U.S. is still largely from a policy standpoint rather than a scientific or an industrial one, and this has ramifications that articles such as the above-cited Cnet piece simply don't capture.

For instance, the Cnet article discusses just how much REE mining takes place in China vs. the rest of the world, but it doesn't touch on the midstream/downstream advantages that the Chinese have developed. Not only does China produce >90% of REEs and ~100% of some of the most important REEs (e.g. dysprosium and terbium), but the Chinese have the technology to separate these metals from mined ore and to purify them beyond the capabilities of any non-Chinese nation. For instance, as of 2010, the Chinese could purify REEs to a purity of 99.9999%, whereas the Japanese could do so only to 99.99%. This has implications for Apple, which uses high-purity REEs. For instance, high-purity lanthanum, 99.999%, is used in optical glass formulations. The tiny lenses found on iPhones and other Apple products require in total a lot of high-purity lanthanum. While the lanthanum can be mind at Mountain Pass in California, it needs to be purified in China.

To this end, the fact that there is REE production outside of China is not sufficient to conclude that this production is an adequate solution to the REE problem. It also means that Apple can't simply stockpile REEs or order its component suppliers to do so while they are more or less readily available.

B: China's Dominance of HREE Mining

China does, in fact, produce ~90% of the world's REEs. But as I've hinted, this doesn't tell the entire story. REEs are divided into "lights" and "heavies" (LREEs and HREEs). The majority of REEs produced by Molycorp and Lynas are LREEs, and as a result, China's dominance in HREE production is far more pronounced than its dominance in LREE production. The following visual from a European Commission Memo from May 2014 shows that China's LREE market share is 87%, while its HREE market share is 99%.

China's HREE dominance is unparalleled for any other industrial metal, even though the U.S. dominance in beryllium and Brazil's dominance in niobium come close.

But why should this matter, given that:

China may be a dominant producer of REEs, but it only holds ~38% of the world's reserves (with ~21% being in Mongolia) (see the following visual). While I don't have exact figures, there is no shortage of HREE reserves and resources outside of China, including plenty in the U.S. China exports plenty of REEs and finished products, such as neodymium-iron-boron magnets.

(Cf. Critical Rare Earths, National Security, and U.S.-China Interactions: A Portfolio Approach to Dysprosium Policy Design by David L. An, 2014)

Unfortunately, these points hardly address the root of the problem.

C. Ex. Chinese REE Reserves and Future Supply

While there are substantial REE and HREE reserves outside of China, the mining projects that have these reserves are all years away from production. Not only that, but there is no guarantee that these projects will move easily into the production stage. A brief overview of these companies will reveal that none of them is even close to or has an easy path toward production.

Northern Minerals (OTC:NOURF, ASX: NTU) needs ~$314 million in initial capital to get its Browns Range Project into production. Meanwhile, it assumes that the price of dysprosium oxide (its primary product) is $724/kg, whereas the current price is closer to $400/kg.

Great Western Minerals (OTCPK:GWMGF) is on the verge of bankruptcy, even though it has the most advanced dysprosium heavy project - Steenkampskraal - outside of China. If the company can avoid bankruptcy, it is probably the most likely to get into production first.

Tasman Metals (NYSEMKT:TAS) recently put out a pre-feasibility study that shows it will need over $370 million in order to get its Norra Karr Project into production. Its assumed dysprosium oxide price is $575/kg., which is well above the current market price.

Rare Element Resources (NYSEMKT:REE) is producing mostly LREEs, and its price assumptions for europium oxide ($948/kg) and dysprosium oxide ($655/kg) are substantially higher than market prices.

Other promising companies with HREEs in their deposits, such as Ucore (OTCQX:UURAF) (Bokan) and Texas Rare Earth Resources (TRER) (Round Top), have yet to release feasibility studies.

Given current market conditions, I would be surprised if more than one or two of these companies got into production by 2018.

With this being the case, investors should expect the Chinese to continue to dominate the HREE mining space for years to come.

D. China Exports Plenty of REEs

China exports plenty of HREEs and finished products. Not only that, but a recent WTO ruling has led many to believe that the Chinese no longer have export quotas on REEs. According to a January 5th Bloomberg piece:

Rare earths were dropped from a list of products subject to export quotas, effective from this year, according to a Ministry of Commerce statement dated Dec. 31. Exporters now need only provide sales contracts to win export licenses. The move follows the WTO's rejection in August of China's appeal against an earlier ruling.

But those who are taking this to mean that the WTO has won in forcing China's hand in its REE export policy fail to understand the role that REE export quotas play in China's broader policy. Evidence of this can be seen in China's January REE export data, which shows that these exports fell nearly 50% from a year ago in CNY terms.

This situation was explained by REE expert Gareth Hatch, who points out the importance of export tariffs to China's overall policy designed to retain control of its REE industry. More critical metals (and we aren't just talking about REEs here) have higher export tariffs, and this evidently reflects China's motives.

Further, while the recent WTO ruling would suggest to the unsuspecting observer that China is gradually going to make its export policies more amenable to the West, the supply-demand fundamentals of REEs tell a different story. As the following chart illustrates, it has made sense for the Chinese to export some of its REEs, considering that its production outpaced its consumption.

As you can see, however, Chinese consumption is approaching its level of consumption, and despite Kingsnorth's clout in the industry, this chart doesn't fully reflect the true nature of the situation, considering that a large part of this supply comes from cerium and lanthanum, which are oversupplied markets (most of the ROW supply you see is cerium and lanthanum).

To illustrate my point, let's look at the supply-demand fundamentals of what is arguably the most favorable REE from an investment standpoint - dysprosium - which we've seen is an essential input for numerous iPhone components. Research conducted by Elisa Alonzo et al. (2012) predicts that increases in dysprosium usage will far exceed that of other REEs. They provide the following graphic, with the right-side zooming in on the upper part of the left side.

Over the next 20 years, dysprosium demand is expected to grow at ~4 times the rate of the broader REE market. The Chinese know this, and have assigned a 25% export tariff to dysprosium.

Finally, it is worth noting that so far there have been no meaningful supply shortfalls in the space, and so the Chinese have had no reason not to comply with WTO mandates. But in discussions with Ucore's CEO Jim McKenzie, he revealed that several end-users stockpiled REEs back in late 2010-early 2011 when they feared that China really would restrict exports. This is what he believes led to the outsized price spike. He also suggested that one of the factors holding prices back despite rising demand has been that companies have been using these stockpiles rather than buying on the open market, and this is expected to end toward the end of this year.

The potential for demand to outpace supply in the near term could have the Chinese singing a different tune, especially for markets that it controls (e.g., they control 99.4% of the dysprosium market (An, D. L., 2014)).

With this in mind, Apple suppliers outside of China could find that they are no longer able to produce components that contain essential REEs, such as dysprosium, terbium and europium. The following is a partial list of suppliers that produce Apple components exclusively outside of China and make products that very likely contain the aforementioned REEs. Here is a link to Apple's complete supplier list for the reader's convenience.

AKM Semiconductor Inc. - Produces circuits sensors, magnets, compasses and LEDs. All of the former contain permanent magnets. LEDs contain phosphors which include yttrium, europium and terbium. Note that AKM does have a plant in Taiwan. Analog Devices (NYSE:ADI) - Produces circuitry which contain dysprosium and terbium. Avago Technologies (NASDAQ:AVGO) - Produces 3D touch sensors that contain magnets. The company also has numerous open-source patents, such as for its bulk accoustic wave resonator and its electroluminiscent materials for edge emittors, which definitely contain REEs. Interflex Co. - Produces flexible printed circuit boards, which likely contain permanent magnets that use dysprosium and terbium. Linear Technology (NASDAQ:LLTC) - Produces circuits which likely contain dysprosium and/or terbium, as well as neodymium. Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ:MXIM) - Produces circuitry which contains dysprosium and terbium. Skyworks Solutions (NASDAQ:SWKS) - Produces chips for mobile devices, which contain dysprosium and terbium in permanent magnets.

This list is hardly complete, but the point is made. Furthermore, it might seem that the real risk is in the businesses of Apple's suppliers. Don't get me wrong: these companies are at risk. But Apple depends on numerous suppliers to put together just one iPhone. In the event that these companies (or their suppliers in turn) cannot purchase REEs at all for reasons discussed above, they will no longer be able to supply Apple, and if Apple is unable to get even one component of the iPhone, it will not be able to produce and sell it. Since the company gets two-thirds of its revenues from the iPhone, this seemingly minor situation could prove to be deleterious to both Apple the company and its shareholders. At best, this situation would force one or more of the company's suppliers to relocate to China or for Apple to outsource the production of one or more of its components to one of its Chinese-based suppliers. This is a setback which would delay production for months, regardless of how much money Apple throws at the problem.

4. REE Production In China Causes Significant Environmental Damage

I've established that Apple products cannot function without Chinese-produced REEs, and that there is a very real risk that Apple and/or its suppliers will not be able to procure these elements.

But there is another elephant in the room, namely the environmental impact of REE production in China.

Apple prides itself on its environmental policy. Those who are concerned about the company's carbon footprint might easily be appeased by comments made on its environmental responsibility website. Apple claims "to work tirelessly to reduce (its) impact on climate change, find ways to use greener materials, and conserve the resources we all need to thrive." To illustrate its dedication to the environment, the company publishes the following graphic that shows how its computers have gradually reduced the amount of electricity they use in "sleep mode."

The image gives the impression that Apple's developments over the years have led to a drastic reduction in the company's (and its customers') carbon footprint.

What it doesn't say, however, is that in order to reach these goals, Apple has had to use more REEs, which we've seen increases its products' efficiencies, while reducing their sizes. And the reductions shown in this visual are countered by the tremendous environmental damage that Chinese REE mining causes.

Investors interested in this issue and China's REE industry more generally are encouraged to read Cindy Hurst's 2010 China's Rare Earth Elements Industry: What Can The West Learn? In it, you will find a short section entitled "Severe Environmental Damage." Hurst cites an article published by the Chinese Society of Rare Earths, which says that:

Every ton of rare earth produced, generates approximately 8.5 kg. of fluorine and 13 kg of dust; and using sulfuric acid high temperature calcination techniques to produce approximately one ton of calcinated rare earth ore generates 9,600 to 12,000 cubic meters of waste gas containing dust concentrate, hydrofluoric acid, sulfur dioxide, and sulfuric acid, approximately 75 cubic meters of acidic wastewater, and about one ton of radioactive waste residue.

She goes on to point out that:

REE production contaminates waste water in a way that impacts farming and daily living.

One ton of REE production leads to 2,000 tons of tailings (mine waste).

Radioactive thorium is dumped into the Yellow River, which is a primary source of drinking water for 150 million people.

What are the Chinese doing about this? Effectively little to nothing. Chinese companies are not held accountable for the death of workers due to environmental hazards the way Western companies are, so there is no incentive for the companies to make work environments safer and to prevent diseases such as pneumoconiosis (aka "black lung disease"). Furthermore, Chinese companies may officially be incentivized to clean up their act, but since they don't actually own the land (the government does), the fear of confiscation leads to the mentality that it is best to extract as much wealth out of the mine in as little time as possible.

This is a pretty bleak picture compared with the one Apple provides to its investors and customers, and the company policy seems to be "out of sight, out of mind."

5. What Can Apple Do?

Apple has a very easy solution to both the supply risk and its environmental problems: support North America's REE industry. As mentioned above, there are three "late-stage" companies that have the REEs in-ground to satisfy Apple's demand:

Rare Element Resources is mostly an LREE company, but it does have enough heavy REEs to satisfy Apple's demand. Its Bear Lodge Project is the most advanced of the three North American candidates discussed here. Texas Rare Earth Resources has plenty of dysprosium, europium and terbium. It also has lithium, which is a key ingredient in Li-batteries found in Apple products. Ucore Rare Metal's Bokan Project is small, but it has a high concentration of HREEs, and recent exploration results show that it is growing. Ucore also has government support, since its Bokan Project has been deemed a "strategic American asset" by Senator Lisa Murkowski, and Ucore is in talks with AIDEA to receive Alaskan state funding to develop this project.

Should Apple support any one of these three companies, it would solve both of its problems. First, it would be able to source REEs from American sources, and it would not have to worry about Chinese export restrictions. Second, American environmental standards for mining are far superior to Chinese standards. Apple could, for instance, help these companies research tailings and radioactive thorium storage solutions in exchange for the right to buy certain REEs at a discount. This would expedite the permitting process for these companies. It also would mean that Apple would address the issue of its carbon footprint in China.

The Bottom Line

Given what I've said, I think it is evident that:

Apple needs REEs. Apple or its suppliers outside of China may not be able to get REEs. This could have a serious impact on Apple's production, its revenue, and ultimately its share price. Apple is either ignorant of or is ignoring its carbon footprint related to its exposure to REE production in China. Apple has a very simple solution, namely it can support North America's REE industry.

Of course, one could make this claim for all sorts of companies, from Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) to Hewlett-Packard (NYSE:HPQ) to Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA). So why pick Apple?

Apple is the most valuable and the most widely followed company in the world. I believe that (1) the company needs to be held to a higher standard and needs to be able to withstand greater criticism than its peers, and (2) the issue of China's dominance in the REE space is one that is not widely known, and by exposing Apple's vulnerability, I hope that we will begin to see American companies get in front of what could be a serious problem.

Apple seems to be unprepared for what could be a blow to its production line. In researching this article, I was not able to find evidence that the company has taken a meaningful step to either procure an REE stockpile, have its suppliers procure an REE stockpile or secure an REE supply for itself or its suppliers in any way. Furthermore, when I contacted Apple's investor relations staff regarding the matter, I was sent two documents. The first was on Apple's policy on conflict minerals, which is unrelated to my concern. The second was Apple's Supplier Responsibility Report, which discusses how Apple makes sure that its suppliers treat their workers well and minimize their respective environmental impacts without any reference to REEs.

In other words, they either don't know that there is a problem or they refuse to acknowledge that they have one. Either way, I see this as a problem for Apple investors and for others who share my concern that American companies may not have the access to REEs that they need.

With that being said, this is by no means a "sell" recommendation for Apple shares. Apple continues to produce more of the products that have made it the largest company in the world. I haven't done an in-depth valuation analysis or my own assessment of Apple's competition, but the company has time and again outperformed its competitors, while its shares seem to trade at a reasonable valuation at just ~12X last year's operating cash flow.

However, analysts seem to be focused on a couple of risk factors, such as competition, forex issues, margins... etc., when something as simple as Apple's ability to actually make the iPhone is taken for granted. While there is no evidence that Apple can't make the iPhone or that it won't be able to, I think I have demonstrated that this is a legitimate risk factor that flies under the radar due to its simplicity. I also think this risk is sufficiently actionable for those Apple investors who wish to mitigate this risk, even if it is on a very small scale.

What can investors do? First, limit the size of your Apple position. Furthermore, reapply the analysis I carried out here with other investments. As an investor, you always want to find ways to diversify your risk, but you can't do that if you don't know what these risks are. After reading this, you may find that 75% of the your portfolio consists of investments that would suffer in the event that China significantly restricts its REE exports. Unfortunately, you'll find that REEs are found in just about every high-tech gadget. You'll find that defense contractors, medical device producers and oil service companies all have some exposure to the risks discussed in this article.

Second, you could "hedge" your position by investing in an REE junior mining company. This is easier said than done, because these are extremely high-risk investments. As we saw above, all of the more advanced REE junior mining companies face difficulties going forward. But with that being said, the kind of announcement that creates the effect that I discuss above would be the same kind of announcement that would send shares of most, if not all, REE junior miners soaring hundreds, if not thousands of percentage points.

But with that in mind, investors need to be acutely aware of the risks of investing in the junior REE miners mentioned above.

Only Great Western Minerals has revenue, because it owns an alloy-producing subsidiary called Less Common Metals. The company also has a lot of debt, and there is a good chance that it will go bankrupt. Investors should avoid this stock. Otherwise, none of these companies have any current revenue, and revenue is going to be years away for some of these companies. The others will never see revenue.

In order to get into production, these companies need far more money than they can feasibly raise without substantially diluting shareholders.

Only Rare Element Resources has a sizable capital position (relatively speaking). As these companies de-risk in preparation for financing and construction their projects, they will likely need to raise capital, which means they will dilute shareholders.

Only Tasman Metals and Rare Element Resources trade on major exchanges in the U.S. The others, except for Texas Rare Earth Resources and Northern Minerals, trade on the Toronto Venture exchange. Texas Rare Earth Resources trades over the counter, although it does file with the SEC. Northern Minerals trades on the Australian Stock Exchange. Many of these issues are illiquid and inappropriate for most investors except as small positions.

Mining is a volatile business with variable operating costs, unforeseen events impacting operations, and constantly fluctuating metal prices.

That being said, I have established that REEs are essential and that the West needs an ex-China REE supply, and this supply will come from a subset of the companies mentioned here.

So if you own 100 shares of Apple, sell 5 and buy an REE junior or two. This is not the venue to discuss which companies to invest in, but my favorite is Texas Rare Earth Resources. You can read my interview with the company's Chairman Anthony Marchese here. Since that interview, the company released the highlights of a mine-size reduction plan, and announced progress in separating out impurities from its REE-rich ore. Note, however, that this is a company with a ~$9 million market capitalization that doesn't trade on any major global exchange. While I think this is in part a reason for the opportunity, this stock is certainly not for everybody, especially for investors used to buying large-cap technology companies.

The lowest-risk company in the space is probably Northern Minerals, given how advanced it is and its unparalleled exposure to dysprosium. However, it is by far the most expensive, and it really doesn't trade on the OTC market - you need to buy it on the Australian Stock Exchange.

Third, Apple investors need to pressure the company to publicly address these issues. One inquiry and one article probably won't force Apple's hand, but 1,000 inquiries and more articles like this one will get Apple's attention and put the company in a position where it has no choice but to come out with a plan that addresses its REE-exposure.

Afterthought

I think when investors look at a company such as Apple, they see a substantial revenue stream, wide margins, an economic moat and a strong balance sheet that all point to the conclusion that the company isn't just a good investment, but that it is shielded from risk. This is the case because investors often think of risk in financial terms (so a company with weak margins or losses and a poor balance sheet is "risky"). That is certainly true, and I think this is why a lot of investors like large companies such as Apple.

But what investors don't seem to take into consideration is just how fragile Apple is, considering that it is dependent on literally hundreds of suppliers, which in turn, have their own suppliers and so forth. If any one of these suppliers can't meet its obligations, this goes all the way up to Apple, and if this failure is of the right kind (magnitude may not even matter), then Apple may not be able to deliver one of its products for a short period of time. This massive chain of dependencies, along with the fact that Apple's products share similar components (after all, for instance, the iPad is really just a big iPhone with a few modifications) suggests to me that Apple is quite fragile, and that numerous things can go wrong that aren't immediately apparent, because the problem can start out small and grow before it is too late.

In this article, I pointed out one way in which this could happen, and I think it is important that Apple investors are aware of the fact that the company uses these REEs that may not be accessible. But it is probably more important for Apple investors to recognize that the company's complex network of suppliers (which, in turn, have their own suppliers) is actually quite a sizable risk - and the more links there are in the numerous chains, the greater the risk.

Disclosure: The author is long TRER.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2015-11-04
Just How Fast Is the Apple Inc. A9 CPU? AnandTech recently published its review of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 6s. As part of its review, the site conducted extensive performance tests of the Apple-designed A9 CPU inside of the device. What is particularly interesting, though, is that AnandTech ran a test known as SPEC CPU2000, a retired but respected test of CPU performance.

Apple routinely calls its A-series processors "desktop class." This claim certainly holds up in some mobile benchmarks, such as Geekbench, but does it hold true in what is arguably a more robust general purpose CPU performance test like SPEC2000?

Let's take a closer look.

Apple A9 versus the Intel Core 2 Duo E6700

According to the popular mobile CPU performance test, Geekbench 3, here is how Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) Core 2 Duo E6700 -- which was a top-of-the-line desktop processor in 2006 -- with the A9 processor found inside of the Apple iPhone 6s Plus in integer performance:

Apple A9 Core 2 Duo E6700 Integer 2550 1724

Per this test, the A9 offers around 48% better CPU performance than the Core 2 Duo E6700, an impressive result given that the A9 can power a smartphone that lasts a whole day while the E6700 is a desktop processor.

Let's see how the A9 compares to the Core 2 Duo E6700 in the SPECint2000 test suite:

Benchmark Core 2 Duo E6700 @ 2.66GHz Apple A9 @ 1.85GHz 164.gzip 1651 1191 175.vpr 2112 2017 176.gcc 3223 3148 181.mcf 4586 3124 186.crafty 2429 3411 197.parser 2223 1892 252.eon 3465 3926 253.perlbmk 3291 2768 254.gap 2793 2857 255.vortex 4858 3177 256.bzip 2143 1944 300.twolf 3081 2020

In SPECint2000, the Core 2 Duo E6700 wins more than it loses, although the A9 puts up a very good fight. I think it would not be a stretch to say that iPhone buyers today are getting high performance desktop CPU performance from 2006 in their pockets today.

That's just really cool.

Some caveats to these performance numbers

It's important to keep in mind a number of caveats with these numbers. Firstly, these tests are only a measure of the integer capabilities of the device; modern CPUs dedicate a significant amount of hardware to perform floating point computations (useful in applications such as games). AnandTech did not run the corresponding SPEC2000 floating point test, so we can't compare the two devices in floating point at this time.

Additionally, I suspect that Intel's code compiler (used to generate the benchmark on the Intel platform) generates far more optimized code for its processors than whatever compiler was used to generate the code for the iOS platform. From what I have heard, the only sub-test that isn't so easily "broken" with smart compiler tricks is the 176.gcc subtest.

In the 176.gcc subtest, it looks as though the Apple A9 CPU and the Core 2 Duo give around the same score, which leads me to believe that these two CPUs are roughly comparable.

It would be interesting to see how A9X compares with Intel's Core m7

One comparison that I would really like to see is a comparison of the A9X against Intel's top Core m7 processor, the Core m7-6y75. This should help give investors insight into just "how close" Apple is to Intel in terms of CPU performance in tablet-like workloads.

It would be good to see results in SPECint2000, although it would be even more interesting to see how the A9X and the Core m7-6Y75 compare in the newer SPEC CPU2006 test-suite in terms of both integer and floating point performance.

AnandTech indicated that it couldn't run SPEC CPU2006 on the iPhone 6s/6s Plus because one of the tests required more memory than what is available on the devices, but this shouldn't be a problem on the iPad Pro which is expected to feature four gigabytes of memory.

At any rate, I look forward to seeing Intel and Apple push each other to try to make the best mobile processors on the planet. Why Apple Inc. (AAPL) Should Buy A University Apple Should Buy A University by Alex Tabarrok, Foundation For Economic Education

Apple has more than $205 billion in cash. What should they do with the money? Apple should buy a university and rebuild it from the ground up.

In recent years, some private equity firms have bought universities and turned them into for-profits. The for-profit model, however, has yet to produce a world-class university.

But consider Jerry Falwell s Liberty University: It was only established in 1984 and yet today, with its online students, it s the largest private, non-profit university in the United States. Liberty University doesn t get accolades, but it is a technology leader, and it shows what is possible starting from a small budget.

Apple is a for-profit corporation, not a charity, but there are plenty of ways to make money from a non-profit university. Aside from the tax breaks and other deductions, Apple University would be a proving ground for educational technologies that would be sold to every other university in the world.

New textbooks built for the iPad and its successors would greatly increase the demand for iPads. Apple-designed courses built using online technologies, AI tutors, and virtual reality experimental worlds could become the leading form of education worldwide. Big data analytics from Apple University textbooks and courses would lead to new and better ways of teaching.

As a new university, Apple could experiment with new ways of organizing degrees and departments and certifying knowledge. Campuses in Delhi, Seoul, Shanghai, Berlin, and Sao Paulo could provide opportunities for studying abroad. Apple s reputation would attract top students   especially, for example, if it started with a design and business school. Top students would lead Apple University to be highly ranked. The more prestigious Apple University became the greater would be the demand for Apple University educational products.

Apple already has the beginning of this model with iTunes U and its own internal Apple University for training in business and design. By buying a university, Apple would commit to a learning process to develop these technologies in entirely new ways.

More than a century ago Stanford, Carnegie, and Rockefeller used their industrial-age fortunes to build some of our best universities. Isn t it time for another great university built for the information age?

A version of this post first appeared at Marginal Revolution. Apple, Google, Microsoft Among Best Companies Protecting Climate Apple Inc., Microsoft Corp. and Google parent Alphabet Inc. are among the companies doing the most to fight climate change, according to a global ranking that grades corporations according to their environmental credentials.

QuickTake Climate Change

The three U.S. technology giants, worth a combined $1.6 trillion, are among the 113 corporations awarded an  A  grade for their efforts to reduce heat-trapping emissions, according to the report Wednesday from the U.K. nonprofit CDP. That list was whittled down from a larger pool of 1,997 companies around the world that submitted data to the group formerly known as the Carbon Disclosure Project.

The efforts by companies from Japanese brewer Asahi Group Holdings Ltd. to South Africa s Nedbank Group Ltd. illustrate a growing trend by corporations around the world to step up efforts to protect the environment. Nine in 10 companies now have actions in place to reduce greenhouse gases, up from less than half in 2010, CDP said.

 We must take swift and bold action to address the root causes of climate change,  Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co. Chief Executive Officer Meg Whitman said in a statement.  This means disrupting the status quo: changing the way we do business, holding ourselves and others accountable, and creating innovative solutions that drive a low-carbon economy. 

Climate Deal

The United Nations has sought to engage companies as 195 nations work to seal a global deal to fight climate change at a meeting in Paris in December. The UN has set up a separate online portal to collect emissions-reduction pledges from companies, complementing those of countries.

Hewlett Packard was also given an  A  grade in the CDP report. Other companies on the list include German manufacturer Siemens AG, Swiss foodmaker Nestle SA and Spanish telecoms company Telefonica SA. CDP rates companies according to the level of their efforts to curb emissions and adapt to the effects of climate change, as well as the transparency of their actions.

The biggest corporations not to disclose information for the report were Agricultural Bank of China Ltd, Berkshire Hathaway Inc., and Facebook Inc., according to CDP, which produces the annual disclosure report on behalf of 822 institutional investors with more than $95 trillion of assets. 
2015-10-09
Apple Inc. May Have Made a Huge Mistake in Having Samsung Build the A9 For quite a while, it had been rumored that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) would build the A9 processor that powers both the iPhone 6s and the iPhone 6s at both TSMC (NYSE:TSM) as well as Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF). Shortly after the launch of both devices, it was confirmed that Apple was indeed dual-sourcing the A9.

One variant of the A9 is manufactured in TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus manufacturing process while the other is built in a Samsung 14-nanometer process (a reliable source tells me that Samsung is likely using its more advanced 14-nanometer LPP process, rather than its lower-performing LPE process, here).

Although Samsung got a lot of positive press for going into production on its 14-nanometer process before TSMC did on its roughly equivalent 16-nanometer process, I believe that Apple would have been better served relying on TSMC exclusively for the A9. Here's why.

Samsung's process is denser, but apparently less efficient and lower-yielding

One of the key marketing points for Samsung's 14-nanometer process was that it was a little bit denser than TSMC's 16-nanometer process. Indeed, a common proxy for the density of a logic process is the product of the gate pitch and the minimum metal pitch.

Both the Samsung and the TSMC processes feature minimum metal pitches of 64nm, but Samsung's gate pitches are a little tighter at 78 nanometers versus 90 nanometers in the TSMC process. Unsurprisingly, the TSMC-built A9 chip is slightly larger than the Samsung-built A9 chip.

However, although the Samsung process is denser, the TSMC process is superior in the ways that count: electrical performance and yields.

You may have seen the reports that phones with TSMC-built A9 chips are delivering materially better battery life than the Samsung-built A9 chips. This, I believe, is due to the fact that the TSMC 16nm FinFET Plus process features better electrical characteristics than the Samsung 14-nanometer process.

What is more interesting, though, is that, according to a source that I believe to be reliable, TSMC's A9 yields are much greater than Samsung's A9 yields. In fact, that same source informed me that TSMC's A9 yields are twice those of Samsung's, which would suggest that it is more cost effective for Apple to build A9 chips at TSMC than at Samsung.

It's no surprise that Apple is going all TSMC with the A10

A report recently surfaced claiming that TSMC has won the entirety of Apple's next-generation A10 applications processor business. According to my source, this report is accurate.

Quite frankly, given that the TSMC 16-nanometer FinFET Plus process appears to be delivering better power consumption and yields, this is not at all surprising.

Remember that with the A10, Apple will not be able to move to a new generation of manufacturing technology; the foundries will not be ready to mass produce chips on next-generation 10-nanometer processes until late 2016/early 2017.

This means that Apple will have to wring out performance improvements by making architectural improvements and enhancements in the A10 design. By using the more efficient process (which I believe to be TSMC 16-nanometer FinFET Plus), Apple should have more headroom to squeeze out every last ounce of performance than it would if it had to handicap the design so that it would fit in the desired power envelope on an inferior process.

TSMC executives have publicly stated that the company expects to have dominant 14/16-nanometer market-share in 2016 onwards. Given that TSMC's 16-nanometer FinFET Plus technology appears to be quite competitive, it's not hard to see why. Elon Musk: Here's why we call Apple the 'Tesla graveyard'  Analysts Weigh In On Two Stock Giants: Apple Inc. (AAPL), GoPro Inc (GPRO) Piper Jaffray and Oppenheimer came out today with research notes on the technology giant Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and action camera giant GoPro Inc (NASDAQ:GPRO), as the stocks are edging higher Friday.

Apple Inc.

Piper Jaffray analyst Gene Munster reiterated an Overweight rating on Apple shares, with a price target of $172, as he believes that the iPhone 6S supply was improved. Apple shares are up 2% to $111.70, as of 1:44PM EDT.

Munster noted,  Based on our analysis of 54 Apple retail stores and Apple s online store, we believe that iPhone 6S availability is tracking ahead of iPhone 6 lead times from last year. We believe the primary reason for better lead times is driven by better supply. We note that in  S  cycles, the manufacturing process for the devices has been largely worked out since there are no significant design changes for these cycles. We continue to expect US demand over the next few years to be helped by carriers, and Apple offering standard annual upgrade options and remain comfortable with our 3% y/y iPhone unit growth for the 6S cycle. 

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Gene Munster has a total average return of 21.2% and a 61.9% success rate. Munster has a 25.2% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #3 out of 3772 analysts.

Out of the 50 analysts polled by TipRanks, 34 rate Apple stock a Buy, 14 rate the stock a Hold and 2 recommend a Sell. With a return potential of 32%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $147.52.

GoPro Inc

Oppenheimer analyst Andrew Uerkwitz came out with a neutral call on shares of GoPro. Uerkwitz began by laying out key positive and negative catalysts on the stock.

Uerkwitz wrote,  We believe GPRO s ASP peaked in 2014, a year earlier than we expected. This is due to an early discount on Hero4 Session, and the lack of flagship model refresh. We expect a round of discounts to Hero4 Black and Silver into the holiday season, which puts further pressure on ASP. 

However,  On the brighter side, GoPro has a much stronger retail presence with broader geographic coverage heading into this holiday season. Its total retail outlets grew from 25,000 to over 40,000 in a year. We believe 2H15 sell-through data points from those new stores are critical to make calls for 2016. 

The analyst reiterated a Perform rating on the stock, while lowering his 4Q15 and 2016 revenues/EPS estimates from $723M/$0.91 and $2,175/$1.83 to $687M/$0.69 and $1,984M/$1.39.

 The cuts in 4Q15 was attributed to weaker expected performance in North America. Our 2016 estimate changes assume no quad-copter revenues, continued decline in the core camera market, higher opex, and minimum media content monetization,  Uerkwitz noted.

According to TipRanks.com, analyst Andrew Uerkwitz has a total average return of 1.5% and a 51.4% success rate. Uerkwitz has a 11.8% average return when recommending GPRO, and is ranked #1588 out of 3772 analysts.

Out of the 20 analysts polled by TipRanks, 13 rate GoPro stock a Buy, 6 rate the stock a Hold and 1 recommends a Sell. With a return potential of 123.5%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $65.69. 
2015-10-15
Why Apple Inc. Might Drop Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. in the Next 15-inch ... Earlier this year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) refreshed its 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro to include a number of enhancements. The company improved the device over its predecessor in a number of interesting ways, with one such change being a shift from a stand-alone graphics chip from NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA) to one from Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD).

Keep in mind that Apple doesn't include stand-alone graphics processors in all of its 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro models -- the base models utilize integrated graphics -- but it does offer them as higher-end built-to-order options.

I believe, however, that there's a strong chance that Apple will eliminate the discrete graphics chip option in 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro when it refreshes the device next year. Here's why.

Apple just dropped the discrete GPU option in the 21.5-inch iMac

Apple recently refreshed its iMac lineup, and it appears to have eliminated the discrete graphics processor option in the new 21.5-inch iMacs that was available in the prior generation. Instead, all of the Retina 4K iMac models use integrated Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) Iris Pro graphics.

Such a move likely saves Apple money for each unit sold in a couple of ways. First of all, I suspect that the price delta between an Intel processor with Iris Pro graphics and a roughly equivalent quad-core part without Iris Pro graphics is probably lower than the price of a roughly equivalent stand-alone mobile graphics processor and bill of materials associated with it. Moreover, the single-chip solution is likely more powerful and space efficient than using both a stand-alone CPU combined with a stand-alone graphics process.

A transition to integrated graphics-only seems plausible

Apple is likely to refresh its 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro when Intel can deliver processors based on its Skylake architecture with integrated GT4e graphics. Such a chip, which is expected to be available early next year, should offer a significant graphics performance boost compared to the Broadwell chip that Apple has included in the Retina 4K iMac.

Indeed, according to performance tests conducted by Ars Technica, the Retina 4K iMac with the Broadwell processor and Iris Pro graphics is able to deliver similar graphics performance in the GFXBench 3.0 test to the Radeon R9 M370X stand-alone graphics chip inside of the current 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro. In the Cinebench R15 GPU test, Ars Technica found that the Iris Pro graphics isn't quite able to keep up with either the NVIDIA GT 750M found in the 2013/2014 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro systems.

That said, it's close enough such that the graphics performance of the upcoming Skylake processors with Iris Pro graphics -- which are expected to offer both an improved graphics architecture and more graphics cores -- should actually be higher than the discrete options available in the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro today.

Once Apple transitions a product away from discrete graphics, it's not coming back

Apple has transitioned many of its Mac products away from discrete graphics and toward integrated graphics. For machines like the iMac and the MacBook Pro, this seems to be a sensible course of action, as Intel's integrated graphics have become quite powerful.

Potential Mac customers shouldn't expect to be able to play the latest 3D video games at high resolutions on integrated graphics, but the graphics chips that Apple has put in the last few generations of 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro weren't really suitable for that anyway.

I think that there's a good chance that Apple will transition the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro to feature integrated graphics only. And once Apple does that, it will likely never go back. NVIDIA already lost whatever revenue stream was associated with the 15-inch Retina MacBook Pro, so at this point, it looks like AMD's to lose. 
2015-01-03
Apple 2015 Outlook: Where Do We Go From Here? Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) certainly had an excellent year, with the stock up +40% in 2014, flying against my bear thesis (see: "Apple: The Party Is Over; Initiating With A Bearish View"). However, investors should look forward and ask themselves what the next catalyst will be for a company that, at the end of the day, generates over half of its sales from a highly commoditized product and banks future growth on a contracting ecosystem up against increasing competition from the proliferation of Android (GOOG, GOOGL) devices.

While the market has placed high expectations on Apple Watch and Apple Pay to drive 2015, AAPL will likely to continue face competitive pressure on its hardware market share, which will likely affect the growth of its ecosystem. Moreover, contrary to the consensus, I believe emerging ecosystems from Asia will be a key threat to AAPL in 2015. The analyst community, by and large, understates his threat.

On the hardware front, the iPhone will remain the key revenue driver for Apple, but the bigger question is how will the iPhone differentiate itself from competing Android devices, particularly those from Chinese handset makers such as Xiaomi and OnePlus. As for the iOS ecosystem, the proliferation of Android devices is pressuring the long-term growth of iOS adoption. While the App Store is a key driver of AAPL's ecosystem, its game-oriented platform limits App Store's growth to that of the overall mobile game market, and does not differentiate the App Store from that of any other Android app stores due to the abundance of gaming apps. In short, AAPL will see further pressure on its ecosystem and hardware.

GOOG, Lenovo (OTCPK:LNVGY) and ZTE (OTCPK:ZTCOY) are my picks within the mobile handset space.

2015 Outlook

The iPhone: Beauty is only skin-deep. In my view, the iPhone is a truly remarkable device. As an iPhone user, I appreciate the device's quality and the seamless integration of its hardware and software. However, I am skeptical of whether AAPL can continue to innovate its hardware to be ahead of the curve. Most notably, the iPhone 6 and 6 Plus devices are laggards when compared with high-end Android devices from Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) and LG. Even more concerning, emerging Chinese OEMs such as Xiaomi, OnePlus are designing devices to compete directly against the iPhone and the high-end Android devices. They have leaped ahead of AAPL in terms of camera technology, processing power and graphics even before the 6 and 6 Plus launch.

As matter of fact, I have learned from my contacts in Asia that some smartphone OEMs are considering embedding array camera technology into their smartphones to vastly differentiate from the iPhone and Samsung devices. Given the importance of the camera when it comes to smartphone purchasing decisions, these Chinese OEMs believe that array technology could allow them to create slimmer-form smartphones with a camera that can deliver superior picture quality (particularly under low light conditions), no delay in autofocus and 3D gesture/stabilization.

It is unclear if AAPL will consider incorporating array technology into the iPhone to create a slimmer device, but the fact that Chinese OEMs are considering this technology suggests they are aggressively competing against AAPL in terms of specs. At the same time, they undercut the competition with lower prices. This begs the question as to whether the next iPhone, which most likely will be launched in September, will be evolutionary or revolutionary. Judging by prior iPhone models, I would not be surprised if changes are incremental and that most of the changes will likely bridge the gap with Android.

The ecosystem: Contracting by the day. The iOS ecosystem is marvelous and easy to use, but I can't help but wonder about the impact of emerging ecosystems from Asia on AAPL in the future. Most notably, Xiaomi has created an ecosystem of its own, and is moving into the smart home vertical to broaden its reach (see: "Xiaomi Raises $1 Billion, Threatens Apple's Ecosystem"). With the additional capital, I expect Xiaomi to invest aggressively in not only mobile devices, but also in connected homes. The company will also likely to incorporate many popular services into its devices, so rather than using an app to book a hotel or find a restaurant, a user can simply look up a point of interest in the Xiaomi smartphone's built-in directory. The move into hardware and smart home, and connecting the hardware components via Xiaomi's cloud infrastructure, will, over time, result in a more relevant ecosystem for Chinese users, thereby threatening AAPL's growth in China.

Xiaomi is not the only company aggressively expanding its ecosystem built around its smartphone. Qihoo (NYSE:QIHU) is also getting aggressive by forming a JV with Coolpad to create its own search, app store, mobile security and content distribution platform. This is the first time an internet company has made the aggressive push into hardware by teaming with a Big Four smartphone marker (ZTE, Huawei and Lenovo being the other three). In 2015, I expect Baidu (NASDAQ:BIDU) and Alibaba (NYSE:BABA) to pursue similar options to increase their presence in mobile devices and push their own respective ecosystems.

BIDU's ecosystem will be built around its core mobile search, apps and O2O (online-to-offline) services via Baidu Connect. The company's mapping service is the most used map in China, so O2O and LBS monetization offers the most attractive growth prospects. Additionally, BIDU's other assets, such as Qunar (NASDAQ:QUNR), iQiyi, Nuomi group buy and mobile security, will make BIDU's ecosystem more compelling to Chinese users.

BABA will push its Aliyun ecosystem around ecommerce, mobile payment and cloud services similar to that of Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN). O2O will be an even more aggressive push for BABA than it is for BIDU after BABA's acquisition of AutoNavi. Similar to BIDU, BABA also has stakes in online video, travel, wealth management and mobile payment to form its own ecosystem that could potentially be attractive to Chinese users.

The iOS ecosystem will also face pressure from hardware vendors who are creating their own ecosystems and pushing these ecosystems via hardware sales. Most notably, Samsung is developing Tizen to connect all of its devices, mobile and stationary. Lenovo and Huawei are building their own ecosystems, and have seen them expand via strong mobile device shipments.

In short, the ecosystem battle as we know it will not be between iOS, Android and Windows in 2015, but between multiple ecosystems driven by the emerging players from Asia. While AAPL has gained a lead in building its ecosystem since the introduction of the iPhone in 2007, that lead has narrowed over the past seven years, and will likely continue to narrow due to the broadening of the competing ecosystem.

Conclusion

Remain short on AAPL. The stock gets interest from institutional investors due to its large cash reserve and attractive valuation of 11x forward earnings ex-cash. While valuation is certainly important, it is also worth noting that the stock is unlikely to see multiple expansion if growth ex-iPhone does not pick up.

Disclosure: The author has no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

The author wrote this article themselves, and it expresses their own opinions. The author is not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). The author has no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
